all right time to get in oh very holiday
Christmas spirit and New Year's don't
really know what to say
holidays everybody about Merry Christmas
that we are doing our special Christmas
edition of the unboxing our mail blog
way above and beyond anything that you
never expect but we die many cars of
letters we have yes we've only have a
ton we thought that it would be perfect
to do this right before Christmas
because it has a Santa suit
I have Sam Soon and I'm an elf tonight
yes so much the ears cost $2 $2.99 yeah
the Boxcar you want to go first already
knows what's in here because he put it
in there okay this is why I always
thought of the kid Constanta makes toys
so back in the day it made sense you
like would fall on a cup and stuff like
yeah but nowadays it's like what do you
want for christmas an xbox 7 doesn't
have the rights to make an xbox so only
people have fair opponent like Santa
movie quality might know someone who
he's got a pony ran or the best are like
I would like this movie it's like that's
stealing Santa okay so this is from
Hannah your girls and Ally instead of
carving this spoon as soon as you
announced that you were opening a p.o
box little bun paper
oh that's handy okay so that's what
makes sense now she hand-carved this
bill that's silk it's the coolest thing
I've ever seen
and then I don't know if you guys gonna
see it where it's like right there it's
all the animals my big dizzy coolest
gift ever
it's my fear okay now Adele from
Honolulu Hawaii season's greetings from
Hawaii it reminds me of cats away yes
okay yeah Adele you really got that -
hey I love Christmas cards
Charles actually I think I got them into
this for a while whenever we get a
Christmas card from Kona coffee sugar
cookies
you look like Winston what is this good
I guess them yeah I have a question our
macadamia is just like really like
popular in Hawaii really did not know
that
thank you so much Adele right what a
cool okay you would never go wrong with
food as a vessel I literally
another thing I do I love thank you this
is from bill and New Port Richey Florida
and I'm feeling about something to mess
around with you this is the coolest gift
ever
this is the coolest 2001 - our duty is
the coolest thing ever
on the Pink Floyd Dark Side of the Moon
towards a big film - do you know here's
the fun thing okay so being a Dark Side
of the Moon
and play that I think the third lion
roar I'm the original Wizard of Oz but
if you mute the movie and hits the play
button on Dark Side of the Moon and I
think it's the third lion roaring if I
google it the album goes perfectly with
the movie and it's kind of crazy things
like the first 45 minutes to an hour of
the movie bill thank you so much though
and if you guys are not checked off
journey I don't know where you have been
living if anyone doesn't know journey we
somebody's parents failed okay so this
is from Janis G from Marlboro boron I
can't read sorry Santa's calories are
getting burned right now oh this is what
these are yes all right it's so funny
like how these things are like
everywhere that's all it does so we
interesting hey buddy keeps free aspect
you know it's so funny if I was so
feature so dumb a little more intrigue
well I think it's an interesting thing
especially
here somewhere like nervous tics and I'm
sure this helps a lot to Jesus as well
she's 22 and she had beaten brain cancer
as well on in 2015 she fought it for six
years mark for hardcore okay so I do I
remember I remember you
I'd like it was you guys include photos
and like your letters like this because
it helps me remember and put faces to me
yeah no chiz
Hedgehog maybe Turk and save she made
these or not but at any rate these are
free awesome I will try these on later
Santa is currently in its work suit so I
can't really put it on its a beating of
the beard so it's like one of those beer
knees be very nice a fancy Lord a beanie
with a beard beardy a beardy a beardy I
don't really know what they're having a
cool word I can't think of it but it's
actually super cool from Ellen from
England I'm already getting sucked into
this thing you got little Rican toy okay
so Rica toys wow this is the first full
family drawing the net
that's pretty awesome is unbelievable
Ellen's 18 she's from a small really was
just above London I started watching the
vlogs back in 2013 I just got home from
school and I saw man films on brain
surgery popping my youtube I was be
seeing a part of that seat if I could
become a big part of my leg and there
hasn't been a single day that I've been
a sentence if she doesn't fort to me my
mom began watching your videos
actually loves you guys she's mama
turkeys biggest fan this is from
cherlene that's where I think so that
looks a place where we were part of the
bus was parked and those people were
like I am the tour bus and we had to
call the cops
so you guys remember that one mister
missus we should pick that up for the
rest of our life so yeah actually really
funny this is amazing zero-g whoa
supposed to go up walls found you
shortly after my first brain surgery ten
years ago keep up the great work
this is from Megan Thank You Megan Megan
I'm so happy you're doing awesome anyone
has brain surgery it's a complete badass
of my is that for our wedding first
Christmas us mr. and mrs. distribute you
guys get to see that before me we get
another ornament they're putting us
other than your broken thank you
but it would be around here Santa is
klutzy I'm never gonna get him out of
the same excuse me although you open the
super oh oh
huh go see if there's a name in there so
you can never learn
big bro facial hair shaping tool shows
you how to do the front of your neck is
shaping the goatee be please from
Patrick - by the way Patrick this is rad
I you know you're my favorite person
right now it shows you want to do like
part of your neck how you do your goatee
what you don't have goatee and then you
clean it up God knows I don't have any
style with that's a cool idea that's a
cool gift that gives you the power this
is for me no that was for you this one
was for me got me toilet paper the whole
thing telling telling me that the
coolest weird now she's not coming I
don't think we had any toilet paper so
this is perfect thanks Patrick this from
ONC it could be much cookies and milk
cookies an almond Owen from Quebec so
I'm gonna go put this on reagan-era Oh
yep she liked it up go try this honor
our Superman Robin Wright iPod once and
I thought your cat would like to you now
that my dog looking a longer pitch to
them Oh Rika barely I am a cat named Ike
acupoint Oh Irish son is also a cat
lucky as the dog invent a necessity
I can't 2.0 is awesome that is why are
you here it is like mail blog ever
there's no way to end the year with an
elbow it's great and then we have this
then we have a new year one car that's
going on the fridge and that YouTube
origami this is from Steve and Teresa
from dry Shore readers read that from
New Jersey for Christmas rest tell me
Christmas card is on the Christmas tree
this one is from Alison from Jupiter
Florida look at me ha ha see they got it
all wrong
my let's see this is from oh this is my
best friend
oh this is discovery support mail got a
mix up in here Alecia the she made all
these really really cute magnet there's
the trapeze Marley Zoey and Mr D so this
is from Sarah thank you Sarah Sarah from
Everett Washington jewelry Jerry and
beauty beauty beautiful thank you this
one comes from Kim and she's in
Australia thank you can Christina from
California Rocklin California oh it's
like he knew like this is for Nikki
this one's from Vinny this is from
Claire from England that's really good
you I believe it's mrs. Inez we can't
reach I I'm terrible she makes she makes
the toys I just delivered so this is
from Amanda be from with wisconsin-green
Bay specifically because she says go
packs go get you so much Kathy
elysium from
you definitely got it secure that's
where she got me butterflies
Amanda Finnegan Brodie beacon Pandora
and Kyla area super cool from Lauren now
it's from Santa did I just ruin Santa
for everybody by dressing up as Santa is
this what you're gonna always see now
when you look at Santa Claus sure oh
look at the winnings oh that was so nice
Katie from Georgetown out of hoses look
at this card we will for you a Merry
Christmas love my buddy boo
oh my buddy my buddy just from Amy and
Chelsea from Jacksonville Florida
your handwriting guys are very very
other presidents CPA big Steve oh there
was a CTFxC plus gift exchange my little
sister in law wants to thank you for
making the sound piece for her
build-a-bear when I met you in
Jacksonville I think I do remember that
I don't remember what I said probably
was something appropriate sometimes when
I'm on tour it doesn't come out
appropriate there is home Charles and
then there's tour Charles Ashley George
maverick Cooper and buddy dog I like I
told you like that new member yeah do
you know what I always think what okay
well I figured it's actually from
Kimberly from South Houston Texas thank
you this is from Lauren let's go this is
from Katrina and Cortney and I still
don't know why we didn't do it that's
really cool we got you distracted oh
okay you guys know Kate she's always
doing those awesome Simpsons drawings
all the CTFxC Simpsons Superman and
Batman Sarah from Amarillo Texas so this
one comes from Thomas from Fairfield
Iowa thank you so much this is really
cool I can't tell the teacher on that so
the very last one is from
savings-and-loan we get sponsored
federal 3.99 APR this is okay this is
actually something I always have a
qualms with if you will okay you know
when you get junk mail it's usually
addressed to you but it's junk mail
I hate when it's like your name was
wrong name it's a
so it would be like Michael Bradley or
current resident so it's like it doesn't
care so for example it just says current
resident pillbox
I don't peel box five five nine six one
its current resident that's where I go
every every 11 months I would come out
one month one day a month Jesus and it's
got a good job he's up one day of year
thank you for hanging out watching us
that I'll open up the gifts of Christmas
gifts from you guys tolerating us for
this incredible year and thank you so
much for all these gifts beyond amazing
beyond anything I feel like we say thank
you so much but I want you to know how
much we really mean I honestly just
beyond anything we ever expected so they
don't you love you we don't expect
anything never guys this ends the mail
vlog thank you guys so much for watching
do you guys are brand new please drop if
you hit that subscribe button like
button and the the I up there you know
you should definitely thumbs up for
Santa yes alright guys oh we will on
that note I'm gonna I'm gonna general
your Bell alright guys see it
