Zoe you are probably the cutest no I've
ever seen dad's figuring out what's
going on with our conditioning animals
wake you up in the morning that
obnoxious times and that the way that
they do it is absolutely obnoxious and
she was saying how like Buddha has two
cats for one cat CUDA just meows
obnoxiously and has really like and then
he'll hit the like snap the door exactly
and I wasn't saying how Marlee doesn't
even bark she just goes like a little
kid pouting Gail and I are in the
mission to go get the outfits for the
red carpet because Charles is at home
working with the air conditioning
gentlemen that will be coming shortly
he's convinced that he can wear your
ripped jeans and I but now which I don't
think well look well so I'm gonna I'm
gonna gonna try and find something I'm
not trying to change him I just don't
want to be inappropriate at this red
carpet I definitely don't want to I
don't know I mean I just think that this
is an event that he should dress up a
little bit making so be casual but not
rips jeans you can still be charged in
just like she's nice shirts where like I
think you can get away with that
I actually have those I got this for him
I'm wondering yeah he actually has a
think you could do that could do that
like me those are cute yeah I think that
actually might work just me pretending
like they know exactly
so basically what was happening is the
flux capacitor was been getting enough
gigawatts and cooling the house so they
had to come and recharge
come on Oh guys investigate come
investigate make sure make sure there's
no one in here
air conditioning is working oh my god
it's just in Florida
I'd like to sound like a little bit of
dramatic then Florida the area's not
working you might as well just be
sitting in his desert
having Sun just spit on you all day Alex
grunting right now and getting some
errands done I wanted to stay back for a
bit because hey I haven't been home in a
while
and I'd rather do some chores around the
house and be we had this
air-conditioning guy that should be here
any moment you know those time frames
you know anywhere from like 1:00 p.m. to
8:00 p.m. everything I also wanted to
kind of hang out with Zoey and Marley
and diesel for a little bit since I've
been gone so much
right girls where's the other girl she
under the bed never mind
I'm a genius and I buy more than one at
a time so don't have to do that it's
like 5:30 we just got finished cutting
some stuff for Charles and I gotta go
home and get some work done I've got a
pack I got to do so many things before I
leave tomorrow so I don't want to be
come from work that we don't have to
worry about anything I found two are
something that is casual but I think
that he's going to like it and yeah we
have to pack up I gotta bring diesel to
my mom's and
the hell are you guys doing I don't even
start that is that you wants to play the
best game in the world he will never get
old you know the wet spots all right
everyone's good over both fully charged
let's go over hey it's been one of the
nicest days for me because honestly one
of the first days I've actually been
able to feel pretty much nothing just
kind of relax hang out at the house and
just enjoy everything just enjoy being
up hello
didn't even look at me that's cool still
relaxed though stress me out just
tomorrow is the day that we're flying to
New York and it all starts up again I'm
actually really excited because it's not
Ali's first time in New York City but
actually going around venturing out it's
probably gonna be one of her first times
because remember we did that one time
when we went around trying to find a
favorite pizza place and we went to like
four different pizza places know if you
guys already know this about me I was
super like history buff as you guys
probably already saw from Alcatraz I
just love like history stuff historical
things you get to go it's gonna be kind
of cool and I guess uh huh show tries to
forgotten which we think it's gonna work
fine but right now mr. handyman we're
talking about losing the bet again I
know like a few weeks back maybe even
like a month or so back I actually moved
the bed kind of to the center now the
thing was our room is it's really really
awkward like if you saw when we first
moved in it just really really awkward
we have this awkward corner over there
it's just like a weird length all in
here nothing really seems to make sense
so we're trying to figure out though if
we can move this big bed which we have a
California king so it means that it's
like really long
trying to see if it's gonna fit from
here to here so we have that open space
over there we can move this and things
can kind of get a little bit more
adjusted and maybe it'll give us a
little bit more room because this is
kind of weird but I feel like we're
gonna have very little space here
anyways your 1/2 feet wide you want to
get them to help we get the dogs out so
we can move our girls come on guys
amboy here's a male I was just wondering
if you knew that I'm not doing anything
is just touching it all right
what you guys think I think it utilizes
the room a little bit better I don't
know I took us so long to figure that
out though now we just get more of those
little barricades so Marley can't go
under there add you if you decide that
you want to so the sad time has come
where you have to take this little dude
back to his grandma's house right you're
gonna have fun though and we'll see you
in a little bit I don't really think he
cares that much off-brand go to Target
to get some things to put onto the bad
guys look guys pretty cool actually and
I love this I think this looks so much
better one thing that I hate so much
about this room is this you're so cute
I just saved this gamer chair I don't
know what it is it drives me crazy maybe
if we had something to put over it it's
like so much more room we're gonna you
know kind of organize things a little
bit more but it makes this room look
huge like if you step back here like
holy crap even though this is kind of
what was on the other side but now
there's a lot more walkway here and just
so much better but we were talking about
how we've been here for God almost a
year it'll be a year in July yeah you
know it's better anything actually it
doesn't allow us to put clothes
everywhere
yeah we'd have to physically move it all
over the hair yeah I think it makes it
harder for us to do that so what we're
gonna do is gonna try and find a little
stand for right over there maybe
something to cover that up like to put
over it and we're just gonna try and
make our house more our home we want to
start putting pictures up and I don't
know just make this huh better I'm very
excited Zoe won say goodbye to your
brother I think you could care less if
he's here if you leaves but you should
take a bite but those Oh what are you
doing home girl what are you doing are
you ready to go are you ready go they go
with you grant you're going out with
maximum
yeah are you excited you want to say
goodbye to
I got officially say girls are freaking
weird
you just had loose it looks pretty cool
but it's like last for so long this is
before Australian
now I'll fix up I have this film that on
my iPhone beat em like I was playing my
video games every time I do that on
YouTube I'll figure it out yeah throw it
in good good job remember that game like
it goes back and forth
let's get that it's a perfect chair
anyone who comes in blue same ways the
other one let's just having such a hard
time closing chairs right now got it Oh
doesn't work out alright
yeah will you get Marlee
she loved that by the way here's a
little story all about how my life got
to us turn upside down so I'd like to
take a minute you'll sit right here and
let me tell you all about this guy right
here sometimes I don't know what to do
with her myself I know a lot of you guys
are just shaking your head y'all think
I'm just like crazy hope you guys
enjoyed today's video is really nice to
just kind of relax and kind of hang out
with pops and the dudes anyway anyway
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
hope you guys enjoy today's video bye
guys
several of
