Oh
that's fun
good morning guys back the damn airport
right back of the damn airport
I'd say they're always that to me quite
chilly Stu I want to write a book about
different airports and like which one's
the best and rank them and just do that
write a stupid book it was boring Vulcan
pilot in the world is the creepiest look
given the middle finger though creepy
actually never seen these before
I finally creepiest one I think
yeah
okay never get a little hopping to
diesel sold you sold out for food hungry
house this is how I kiss but are you
doing I'm good
all right you feel better I gave Ali the
sickness he's all those impressive you
jumped over Zoey
they haven't been on the bed for today I
don't believe it I don't believe it hey
what are you doing over here yeah now
she's just itchy cuz I think Jesus a
dummy yeah your dummy do I insulted you
somebody wants attention so badly giving
Billy all the opinion
hate to ensure they get the attention
ooop you don't have to it was a fake age
OOP what are you doing with your leg
we searched I got home like around 11:00
this morning and he's pretty drained out
now but I haven't told him yet I called
Melissa and I was like hey I don't know
if you have plans for tonight but if
you're free q so melissa is totally
excited about it only issue is she's
like on this cleanse right now so she
can't me and you can leave so many
things thankfully I love vegetables and
I have Carlos vegetable so we're gonna
do some like cool girls veggies on the
salad and all that fun jazz but China's
not woken up to figure out yet that
we're actually doing this and he's gonna
be grilling a lot too so I got to look
happy ass up and starting today because
it's like 4:00 in the afternoon that's
hitting a little bit ridiculous how late
is this that he's sleeping in so you
know I know he's been traveling and
tired so don't think he just does it to
do this guy's because he does not just
sleep in just to you know waste time he
doesn't do that tar it's 4:00 in the
afternoon
yeah I get your butt up
guess what Melissa's gonna come over
later and we're gonna have a little
barbecue with me you and her forgot to
tell you actually they don't forget to
tell you I just didn't tell you
yeah Zig wake up
tell them more tell them say wake up oh
okay mm-hmm
Charlotte the internet smell your breath
this is what afternoon breath smells
like okay get up I
I went what
um I think it's good thank you sir C
times P good little what's bad who's
Laura what's about there Marley go do
some laps
we're just you some walking go do some
laps good good
I guess the do laps just walk back and
forth maybe they'll move and we'll take
their land or they'll move and we can
take their land that would be nice come
on old lady give me the old lady
go get that old lady clean your but her
but always floats freakin weirdo in the
background no there she's like over it
over it like a velociraptor so Tyson's
the only one brave enough to actually
stay in the pool and right now chars
trying to give him a back scratch that's
gonna make him and then Burt leaf sit
down in the blue the but it is good job
we're making kebabs I still have to
dress them okay now I know you said no
potatoes but you can just you can cut
them right out off just pop right off
there's only like two potatoes on maybe
on it cuz I'm gonna clamp
yeah and then we have some yummy fruit
salad oh I gotta mix that up
are you Marley I need your help things
fall I need your help come on Captain
Marley come on if food falls on the
ground needs your help
ty you want to help all right forget it
I gotta clean this - this is like the
beginning of every a bad situation
oh the gas isn't turned on that's
probably the situation there we go
obviously we decided that we were going
to do some grilling today because
tomorrow is everything I want to take
day I'll I keep saying day off because
I'm so into the touring thing but our
day off and then on the 21st we go out
to New York City to go watch vlog you
minute I'm really excited you want to
come you doofus I think it's been like
filming for like three three years to
least two years for a volume entry so
it's really exciting because I'm glad it
didn't come out when it did because so
much life has happened and I think that
was like the main thing why they didn't
rush it was because if they just rushed
it and pushed it out just think about
all the things that happened to me Shay
and the other people that are in the
movie if that wasn't continued to now it
would just be like you should like
volume enter e2 and who say they might
do that anyway I'm really excited to see
this should I do the kebabs the cab ads
that's fun that's a lot of fun
Charles Charles more fun that way
that's not what you're supposed to be
doing okay I bought that cuz I need it
okay yeah I need it I don't need you to
make fire with it what seriously
come on dude servings per container
let's just go over that okay servings
per container Oh 557 557 you went
through about 349 such a punk so we're
doing some vegetable kabobs some chicken
burgers it's very much that you're some
convenience
you both are insane why would you it's
on your face
you don't want thangai to even what
you've been partying too much
what do you can finish that let's just
what do you call it where it's like a
Dutch oven I thought what's so crazy
nuts I think no I don't make the bun and
I'm like you know you gotta though my
probably craziness every time I come
home there's no room for me never any
room for me you want who wants to scoot
over
anyone oh I get to be over here there
I'll go away over here away from Ali
anyway hope you guys enjoyed today's
video back home for at least
day zooey and then we're off the vlog
you mean New York City its first I'm
ever going to Tribeca Film Festival
these alleys first time on in New York
City
no I think New York City but the first
time actually a vacation could be to go
see well I mean we're gonna have like uh
like the day we get there what time do
like before I'm not sure so penis away
for a little bit so we have a little bit
time that we can go again a few things
ring of it we get to go to the Statue of
Liberty yes and I hope we get to spend
some time in there because we're kind of
Russian eight on that day the whole trip
is kind of rushing because we had to get
back for playlist but just kind of like
just kind of like out of the Alcatraz
thing I always woke up on tour like I
should go to the Statue of Liberty this
time I way ahead of myself so I bought
tickets for Ally myself or we go to
Statue of Liberty first time ever
I'll be going I'm actually pretty stoked
because one of those things you're
excited I wanted to get up there in the
crown but I didn't buy it as its sold
out until like I didn't in December
right now so next time okay god I'm not
saying that I wouldn't go on in the
crown but I don't miss it I'm not gonna
I'm just excited to go with you it'd be
fun should we call it a vacation anyway
I hope you guys enjoyed today's video
it's good to be home I will see you guys
tomorrow as always bye guys I gotta get
some clothes for this thing what do I
wear what I wear to a film festival I
don't think I can wear what I normally
wear this yeah yeah so I gotta get all
fancy for that too so I'll see you
tomorrow bye Zach
you miss and there's no chocolate
