good morning Internet or I should say
good afternoon Internet we are currently
on our way to Orlando because I'm gonna
meet up with the tour bus they grab all
my things road trip road trip
there's brightest Starbucks we can stop
the take photos at but it okay so the
reason why I gotta go meet up with the
tour bus
it's normally I don't have to but the
only way like I said yesterday the only
way I was actually able to make it on
that red eye was I just left everything
on the bus and I just bolted to the
airport so I just left everything like
it just said so I have to go pick it all
up and we might just go to Disney since
we're already down here this is kind of
a long drive so why not it's actually
nice so there's our tour since we're
doing the road trip we're good
do a road trip to Disney all right we
never got a triple I've never got one of
the bacon yet what's the car we're like
Ali will be my chauffeur
there's like a Kia there's like a Kia
that you like Ali's ring wearing it
it's actually got a nice little buffer
sigilyph Lumpur's take a little bumper
sort of swing around in circles actually
but that car was like a Kia it was a
Nicole go to like the backseat of like a
Bentley or something like that so for
the driver yes
diesel but for me sitting in the
backseat while you're driving me around
right
it'll be great without it it bad forget
a car and I just ask that would be so
funny ya know my family my family knows
me so they know that we all joke they
know you already
my dad would simply oh the Beast the
Beast that one out dirty it is okay
an empty bunk now I'm gonna make sure
everything's out of here
like a shoe shoot water bottle just
random stuff
what you doing
great cowboy boots hmm I don't even know
I feel like that is a very random object
to be left on this bus as I'm pretty
positive that tiny I got to tell you
guys the smell of this bus all these
clothes right here whatever it's all so
much like I got even breathing through
my nose
you're probably culprit though it's this
stuff and that bag right there that bag
is scary
Rigsby's that's best clothes I gotta
yell at him well so but how do you not
like how are you not affected by this
god it stinks
it really does I'm sorry maybe I'm a
wimp but this this was Charles bunk
cleanest where we're laughing because
Charles has this mattress so look at the
end of the frickin tour freaking hunter
had a certain tempo Pedic mattress old
is actually like a really soft mattress
everyone else had these crappy has
masters like hard as a rock
not even a rock like it takes dip in
it's alright honey next time you come
bed and you choose you're bad I love it
more wisely
that's a good tour there's an awful lot
of Febreze on this bus and Clorox
disinfecting wipes heavy-duty cleaner
and I don't know if it's but he's yeah I
feel like it's
thank you oh yeah boys are back there
pac-man throws her stuff and I'm saying
it was buddy lady you
No
I know it's like screw you I'm watching
my dad
by my tour bus until next time
you smell bad but we're sure fun right
are no that one's still alright how the
heck did we get out of here this thing
can go for the good part of the middle
the best part of a cinnamon roll Scoob I
don't want it that's too much for me I
don't like a center actually I like the
outside so we just realized out that
playlist live is coming up
I think it's next week so we're just
gonna hold off and maybe go Disney then
since we can I want to go home and spend
diet time with the girls
muga walk how and the dude and I'm good
I'm gonna do it to you you're tweaking
my nipples it's only for let me get you
back
it scares you every time I think we're
actually making a good decision about
gloomy and rainy it's gonna be I can
just imagine we get there oh also guess
get this I don't have my wallet so and
okay there's more I don't have my Disney
pass and there's more there's no ID
you're a father you are in fact Charles
Trippy I have I have my five a photo my
D and I have the the band business
credit card that the driver gave me back
so that's about it I can tell them to
Google me that's probably that's not
that'll be pretty embarrassing but we're
gonna be here and literally I think like
a week we have the Tribeca Film Festival
I have two shows starting tomorrow we're
right about yeah New York weird it with
something something we're talking about
I'm sorry
it's two shows tomorrow and then coming
home yeah it's already winning and then
I come home and then we're home until
Wednesday and then we had the Tribeca
Film Festival for vlog you men are there
the Tribeca Film Festival and then we
have playlists plays live and then we're
home for a little bit and I think that
more shows a lot of traveling I don't I
just I kind of like I just kind of go
black out for a little bit I get
exhausted traveling from the you know
the bedroom to the kitchen
like oh man that was and dead though
that's a good one ally myself but this
has happened like I'm not even I'm not
exaggerating five times so we're we just
randomly get off because it either one's
coffee or into the bathroom or something
like that
we get off on the same exact exit every
time sclera blue
right okay cause stockroom no it's
called scrotum Lu every single as you
gotta pee so I just unpacked my entire
suitcase is I should two of them I guess
and I decided I kind of wanted to kind
of get a little bit stress-free and
walking three dogs is not exactly the
best way to do that
it's my spotlight gonna miss me I'm
really going for two days just kind of
sucks you know you miss before those two
days I feel like has been lately yeah
but I understand yes since the new
singles in really whoa by the way guys
that's to say thank you but if you hear
I want you guys to you know a second if
you guys hear a story of tonight on the
radio or anything I want you guys to
Shazam it because it's gonna be like the
first time actually getting a song that
I'm on ever Shazam it kinda comes on in
the car boys she's having myself so if
you guys hear it Shazam it take a
screenshot and send it to myself okay or
ally
I'll see you somewhere well bully for
Zoey Zoey will wait for you Zoey no big
deal alright guys hope you enjoyed
today's video I'm gonna get on a plane
and probably look for hours and come in
my suitcase I don't think they'll be
coming don't want to come in the
suitcase Marly does I guess you're a
human I could put your receipt you can
go on a suitcase wait wait guys I hope
you enjoyed today's video kind of sucks
we didn't get to go to Disney but next
week cuz playlist live I wanted to keep
talking to bypass it cuz I didn't know
what that was
all right guess I'll see you tomorrow
have a good night guys bye hmm
next your face so you're gonna get if
this is an employee mail the water said
I'm gonna screw you we haven't done this
in a long time we got to make sure to
put the towel down because diesel like
to shed a tremendous amount
