feel the music okay
you want anything honey how are you
feeling worse let me get you some water
get some rest okay
oh good afternoon everybody
it's like four o'clock in the afternoon
and re still sleeping
Todd's a sign that he is not feeling up
to par which feels terrible for him in
regards to still being sick and sleeping
this long because obviously I think that
he's not realizing that his sickness
might be a little bit more intense than
what he wants
has a college show this weekend or two I
believe and we're a tad worried that he
is not going to be feeling too hard for
these club shows so I'm gonna go and
grab him some more stuff to take even
though he doesn't want to because he's
just cuz he's always so weirded out with
any type of medication that he takes
that's over-the-counter that isn't
prescribed to him by his doctor he's a
warrior work with that and he just
thinks that he could be taking the one
thing or too much of it and it might off
had a seizure anything of that sort so
I'm gonna see what I can find for him
maybe some emergency and things like
that for him to take so that hopefully
by the time he leaves he won't feel the
way that he feels currently I'm on a
mission to go find some stuff for him
and
see what I can find kind of make him
feel a little bit better because Charles
has seizures actually they did kind of
steer me away from getting anything over
the counter so they told me to stick
with this stuff I guess it's a good
thing to know that I've got not
everything that I think would work would
be good for him because it would
definitely possibly counteract with his
seizure medication and cause a seizure
or you know just working against all
odds and not even make him feel better
so I came home and the vampire has woken
up from his deep slumber yeah it's no
joke this is the time right now
4:43 in the afternoon he just woke up
finally I did get a hold of the
pharmacist after expect a little bit
more he was like if you can figure out
what his seizure medications are then I
can kind of give you a better idea and
I'm a terrible girlfriend fiance I'm a
terrible sensei and I haven't really
been awesome I always thought that you
took more than three so I was wrong he
takes five but they're not five
different ones
so anyways they they gave me something
to give to him came home with that for
him and Cha come here look at this
little like happy feel better kid I got
you so we got cheer tech I got you
emergency and even though I'm pretty
positive these aren't you gonna do
anything fun I still thought we might be
happy after eating a month or so they
say this do sore throat MJ's great I
think the party is really awesome I know
you're welcome hey kiss you can get you
all sick no I don't want it I just had
to put stuff on diesel and he's actually
doing better guys gotta give you an
update
how you feelin how you feelin well good
news is his cute little ear is no longer
swollen and he is not scratching as much
he still scratches his face just a
little bit but whatever we gave to
yesterday is really helping out you look
happier you look really cute hey how you
feeling
do you feel better you're like I've been
sleepin all day
I'm good while Charles is gone I did not
write the charity check because Charles
had all the information
and I know it was something that was
really important to him Mike and I kind
of wanted him to be a part of that if
you guys remember it was the painting
the Simpsons painting that Charles said
so now we're actually gonna write the
little Charles is gonna write the check
for it the national brain tumor Society
yeah it's a little late that we're
sending it out but you know what I think
it's important the Charles who did the
painting and came up with the idea
actually did the honors so you ready
another common one million dollars sorry
that bounced well even if you put
another comma that wouldn't be as feed
through a few more zeros on there then
you'd have an issue thirteen this is
awesome
I don't think it's oh no as much as I
love that you taught them how to ring
the bell okay that's cute so that was
really cute it drives me nuts
Marley hits it all the time she walks
out the door and then she comes right
back in don't you a little turd can you
tell the inter nothing you so much
busier do you feel so much better cuz
you're really really cute there it is
the National brain tumor Society
one thousand dollars Thank You Earl
thank you char for what you guys think
another train on the painting maybe yeah
let's keep the painting Simpson stuff
just trying to find the address on it
goes to the right person
well there you go
yeah scroll you know work just awesome
method is to be a homeowner there's like
a lot of difficult parts about it now
whoever installed this is a complete
moron
and everything just won't shut off so
this stays on so I'm about to find out
who installed it and scissor kick them
in the frickin tooth
and still going
that's the power only way I can do is if
I do this and then it turns off the
second I turn it back on whenever
something on there is like connected
wrong or there's got to be a malfunction
with this thing that's what it is it's
the pressure
like we just turn it off my name is
Charles and when I turned 31 I turned
into a big grumpy good because I learn
because life is hitting like a sprinkler
system okay home dog I'm good you have
to deal with sprinkler systems and lawn
crap is over and you can't forget what
we think about dr. Barry first thing
what was me something like a fart
Oh lighting the lighting died we have
the lighting too but there was one other
thing it was a huge thing to have when
we first moved in plumbing plumbing the
pooper life like us
you know that was really scary looking
at you been holding that next to your
face yeah say you're gonna get it this
isn't plumbing though the water system
that I'm gonna screw you golf cart we
haven't done this in a long time we got
to make sure to put the towel down
because diesel likes to shed a
tremendous amount on this thing this
little blonde hair yeah and Marley's
white hairs
well once it'll pick those up we'll move
those
kind of forgot how relaxing it is to
just get on this thing and just drive
around well plus it's so funny and so
gratifying when people see three dogs
piled on here
this piece is driving around they do
with tattoos it just cracks me up every
single time all right let me get your
temporary ring so I just gave Ali her
diamond you like it unfortunately I said
we have to do the temporary band until
just to make sure everything is sized
correctly I don't want to have any goop
up so we're having it sent out so that
way we actually have the perfect size
because as you can see this is a
temporary one so it's just doing a
little spin merry-go-rounds right now
you know it's like oh not what I was
thinking it's beautiful
they're really happy with it I'm really
happy I love you too I wish I had the
real band I'm emotional right now a
little emotional I'll get you one next
time okay like I said guys once we get
the actual band I'll show you but this
is one they gave us so we can actually
have just a temporary one this is her
stone though this is really beautiful I
love the other one but Elvis woods I
can't wait till you see the other bands
the other band I love the other band I'm
getting all the emotions again getting
all the emotions I just think you do too
much for me no I don't do enough alright
guys hope you enjoyed today's video I'm
gonna go to bed right now because
tomorrow we actually have to go kind of
early to go to the tour bus which is
gonna be in Orlando because the only way
I actually made the red-eye the other
day it was
I just left everything on the tour bus I
was like screw it yeah I'm marrying that
one
that's gonna be my wife anyway guys I'm
gonna go to bed we're actually the
Disney wall yep
so maybe we'll do that or something so
we're already driving all the way to
Orlando anyway I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always we enjoy today's
video and I'm not gonna leave you guys
on just this I'm gonna show you guys a
dog breakdancing feel the music okay
break it
Oh get up guys
every one time I met
