so I just got done taking little man
back there
to the event yet again um he got some
crazy allergies I actually met with a
different veterinarian and she was
incredible so awesome I'm she kind of
specializes in allergies and dogs with
allergies
reassuring me that he has bad allergies
but he doesn't have the worst a lot of
dogs out there we'll just like nod their
entire body to pieces and thankfully
diesel just has stuff in his ear and his
paws but they actually put him on a
topical spray and a different type of
area mat which is gonna be awesome
because we tried so many different
things and right now we're at this point
where we're not really sure what exactly
to do she says she doesn't think it's at
the point that we need to go ahead and
go to an allergist and I actually get
this $500 test done but if it does
continue to reoccur it aggressively then
we're going to do that so you know it's
a lot of money but I love my dog and
it's like my baby so it's something that
I'm willing to do but right now she has
to be trying these pointment and these
things and hopefully they work really
really
keeping my fingers crossed how you
feelin today I think you're looking
pretty fly what are you looking fly well
with exception to that but you still
look really handsome thank you
I was telling char that I don't like to
go out with him in public anymore
because I look like this and you look
like that look result on your head
I know I'm a little personal you say
anything but you do you look really
handsome I'm afraid you're gonna go put
the old girl the grocery store was so
vulgar she'll get yourself a gun we'll
get some banana girls what nope so even
though I feel like crap as you can tell
there is good news today
the brand-new music video for story
tonight you know the one we were filming
it was a to three weeks movie about a
month ago and I showed you guys a whole
behind the scenes my first music video
with the Kings is finally out I'll put a
link down in the description Ryan
Seacrest debuted I guess you can say
just want to let you guys know that's
finally out I hope you guys enjoy and
then the second thing is I got a little
thing to talk to her about it actually
has to deal with her
let's try to help this lady over there
into the room I'll show you guys
yesterday's video videos video right
there freaking doofus looking the most
depressing stuff in the world cream
cheese on the bagel I gave it to you
when there is no but they don't put it
on there they charge you Starbucks
pricing no cream okay breathe I don't
know cabbage Korean cat marinated
cabbage cabbage
it's a cabbage I love the fact that they
literally are packaging and selling you
fungus I love it you love fungus
who else was the person I like
get into the Duncan Duncan love you know
can literally came in it was like eating
raw mushrooms and the venue where
massage last night I took medicine
though that's when I had that double
throw the double effect so I'm afraid to
take any medicine right now
those are their that that will cease
your thing not gonna do it seven lately
trying to just cover yeah try how's that
one that's did it really help I don't
know I mean he didn't lose his voice the
whole time I'm sorry I'm so intrigued by
some new things that they have now those
four days for you when you're such a
baby who is that you're keeping on bad
vibes like Halley's the worst baby
what'd she say
at all gets it
one of my favorite things like grocery
shopping is when you see things that are
put back in the wrong aisle it's like
somebody really wanted this and then
somewhere along the line they were like
no maybe I shouldn't have that and they
put it back it so it hope is it happens
everywhere so here's the choices
anything pull up bottom rack doctor
flamingo sampler no you realize every
time we do this we lose then you have to
pick you pick it I bad luck surprise
show me the last the breaking bad guy to
do it
actually that is so cool I really want
to go on a road trip I'm just like one
of those oh just come on tour and a road
trip we could rent one of those you
don't wanna be though saying like I
don't want to like go camping like I
want to drive the car and then bring a
tent and really camp I think it'd be fun
okay I see you all are sleeping about
not really I'm gonna start from the
bottom up
and none of them
put it down that's calmly go home how
the hell do I know Erwin I know there's
like a strategy to it yeah you probably
spend lots and lots of money on it
fewer to win the lottery oh good okay
would you want people to know was you
like would you be like no I think I'd be
pretty anonymous about yeah
now do you think that they're pushy
about you not being anonymous
I think some states you have to do
public because I wondered about that
some states you have to be public about
it some states we can be anonymous it
just depends on the state because they
were talking about that with that huge
one that was going on to Powerball thing
they didn't tell who it was right
I'm sure you could be I think its public
somewhere what the guy and it was a guy
younger guy kind of California or
something see that's public publicize it
but I don't think he gave details of
whose name thank you again to the wrong
person make sure to put the window up
picture it all up
keep going until it toes to stop for the
car in neutral
you fart just be that time I didn't fart
it's this this
ruff stinks everyone
and terrified
what we'll end up going through a
hurricane right now
actually pretty impressed clean either
pretty well though everyone's out back
and so is the only one that's good son
bring in the church bring in the
groceries thank you for helping bring it
in
go Enzo come on bring in the groceries
you got this dude you got this big you
got this
she's freaking out she's smart come on
there we go you see she's got it she's
smart
there you go thank you yes it's been
hours and I probably where I actually
got sick probably touching all that
stuff thinking about it if I were to
guess that is probably where I got sick
cuz there's so much goo in slime and
just wetness all over that area I think
I got sick in the Lego store I'm now
thinking about it
this is so adorable you like it not so
crazy when you took that picture it's
like holy crap I don't know you just
imagine it being the size that it looks
done yeah we're so dainty it's so cool
yeah that's super tiny I was a good
photographer I know this is like hey
here this is for you hey this is for you
I'm Ross stink so obviously like I've
told you guys a bunch of time I feel
like complete crap right now and I think
like oh saying I kind of pinpointed
where it may have come from I think it
was the light leg because right after
the Anaheim show was when I was starting
to feel like pretty crappy so I think I
pinpointed right on the nose so I just
got done with a workout with Savannah it
was actually her first day at her new
job so we're kind of catching up and she
was letting me know how when she really
really liked it sorry my hair looks
it's today but I just got thrown Charles
and apparently we got him some cough
drops because it's been kind of coughing
a lot and the cough drops are just not
working so I've got to go and get him
and that and I quote I have to go and
get him and I quote old school menthol
cough drops so we were discussing how
most her almost all cough drops have
menthol in them but he wants the old
woman so that is what I'm doing
currently I feel so bad when he's sick
because he well he really isn't ever
sick and if he is sick he hides it so
much it just kind of doesn't want to
accept the fact that he is sick and he
doesn't really want me to take care of
him he's just a guy I'm fine I'm fine
so because he's actually asking me to go
and get somebody I really feel pretty
terrible for him he's such a tough guy
and you know he's just he's a trooper he
is a trooper the story of tonight the
song the boys basically did their
rendition of Ryan Seacrest tweeted about
it and said something really wonderful
about the actual video and the song
itself and I'm just so proud of them
I am so unbelievably proud of them they
have come so far they're all so talented
and they're all such amazing people it's
just so wonderful to see them achieve
such an incredible goal and I just I
wish nothing but the best for them but
we had a couple college shows this
weekend and I don't want to be sick so
I'm just kind of been relaxing and
catching up on top of the whole fact
that I've been gone for how long has it
been maybe almost a month and a half a
long freakin time so just kind of
enjoying it right now
help right now hanging out with a dude
and the girls it sucks that I came home
with the cold I just hope that I don't
actually give it to Ally
we've been quarantined each other like
I've been watching my hands like crazy
and disinfecting everything like that I
touch actually last night I put a little
barricade between us cuz I don't want to
get her sick okie-dokie mission old
school I'm assuming things like this
words just the menthol I don't know
though tomorrow actually we get to pick
up Ali's ring or I should say half a
ring we get to pick up her diamond the
stone itself and what they're doing is
that's actually kind of cool as they're
giving her a temporary setting so that
way she actually can you know have a
ring and she can have her her diamond
and everything and then then they're
gonna order a specific band that's
actually her size so we don't have this
issue anymore so we get to pick that up
tomorrow and then when that band comes
or what they're gonna do is they're
gonna take her diamond out and put it in
her actual ring it's actually really
nice that they're actually doing that
they wanted to do that cuz I told her we
have Tribeca Film Festival coming up and
you know playlist so they thought that
would be kind of a cool little you know
workaround hopefully in the next couple
weeks her actual band will get here and
then they'll take the little diamond and
plop it in the right place what are you
looking at there bar what some of that
will cream please
she's too smart
all right internet ally made me some
strawberry shortcake and I'm gonna watch
a movie and try to get some sleep and
that waking try to beat this cold before
it gets any worse I will see you guys
tomorrow
hope you enjoy today's video I guess
here's the deal
right now
yeah
