OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP you too fast
OOP so we've got a sick little poopy
pants over there I guess I'm sorry I
already threw out one okay yeah let me
go get you some medicine real life
sickness guys don't get in I take to
money maybe it's from blowing all that
air out your eyeballs baby I love you
guys you're gonna take care of him
all right I'm late honey why I insisted
that he stay home if he relaxed kinda
looks like a vampire in the house cuz I
know that all the lights off but I'm
gonna probably go grab him something I'm
gonna get the dog something very special
tonight not another toy no toys doesn't
look so cute with her top knot button oh
you are so cute key can't do that with
my hair I have like an alien head you
always have your hair on the top of your
nose
yeah but I don't have it half up half
down when I have a half up half down I
like the one time that I actually did
wear my hair wear a head like a top knot
on top box like a top knot on the top of
my head and half down
one thing and it was a while ago so in
one of the videos when we actually went
to the homeless shelter I got a lot of
hatred in that in that video for my
editor so I'm like maybe it really
doesn't look good on me so I've
refrained true but I can't pull it off
regardless it's kind of funny cuz if
you've ever noticed I wear my hair like
two ways down and on top of my head and
that's about it
or I have a hat on so you can't see any
of it you can't see the mess that's
going on under here because if you saw
it it might be a little frayed today
okay so here's the deal right now the
consuming in that is so those bands
right there since they were pushed in
have popped out why the Diamonds as you
can see kind of affecting the structure
of the ring so I'm trying to find a way
that we can fix this situation so we're
gonna try to find a different mounting
that might actually be a little bit more
strong these things always oh little
prongs yeah surprise be like spider-man
that green guy oh the doctor yes like
Doc Ock stuff instead of him grabbing
just random things grabs diamonds it's
more fun so see if you can see the
difference in between these three there
is the third one
there's the second one there's the first
one alright so can you guys tell the
difference on any one of these this is
one I think we might be a little bit
sturdier after those are your
adjustments the prongs are pushed in
that's pretty much what we shouldn't
have had done
should they shouldn't have told us to do
otherwise they compromised everything
and the reason why the diamond popped
off there so I'm thinking this might be
the best new attribute to our house for
Marley I like it it does it's really
comfy though I say for Marley but
secretly I think put me right well
Kalin's actually redoing her whole
entire house if you guys can tell no
she's she's getting new pillows for her
have a shower a new shower curtain but
it just so happens if both my bathrooms
are ugly shit one has black countertops
with black tile on the floor that's all
right that's right all in due time my
friends on daytime yeah all in due time
so that'd be beautiful that Bea
beautiful but what you've gotten so far
is pretty nice and you're getting in our
bargain is that it so see now you can
see it's perfect that I like it the
color it's perfect you currently I'm
trying to find like baskets to put all
the millions of dog toys that we have
because we've apparently got more since
Charles been back on tour Kaelyn what
are you doing you what so if you're a
little confused what what just happened
okay so what happened in a nutshell
I'm trying to look for a best buy right
now Ali's engagement ring that I got her
kept getting snagged you know never held
that little the prongs kept getting
snagged on everything so we came up with
this idea that maybe they can like close
the the prongs a little bit like you
showed you and that would kind of solve
the situation but after talking to a
couple jewelers even then they said that
they shouldn't have done that because it
kind of screws up the integrity of the
ring itself and as a result as I showed
you one of the little diamonds popped
off the ring and I kind of decided that
I wanted to kind of redesign or ring a
little bit more so it'd be a little more
sturdy so that way I guess kind of like
a surprise again for which I'm really
excited because I think the one I came
up with is really cool it's like very
very clean very simple very nice and
they'll have it ready in a couple days
I'm obviously a little bit bummed that
the original one obviously got screwed
up and they shouldn't have done what
they did but glad we caught it before
things got a lot worse because like the
big diamond could have actually popped
off and that would've been frickin super
bad and we'd be in a totally different
situation but luckily we caught it and
we're gonna have that taken care of I
couldn't get up so we gotta wait a
couple days and then I can give her that
so if you were really confused
I know those probably really confusing
just showing you guys wanted to showed
you sometimes I think of other things
that she says and I think wow my
sister's really weird and then we both
realize that she's weird I might be a
little bit weirder I might be a little
bit weird
I know bird almost help you right see
you like it so down we were talking
about a meal today
we also learned a valuable lesson today
that the new Apple TV that the remote
controls on those things are made of
glass and maybe prick so I gotta get a
replacement right now I didn't know the
other ones they would never shatter
anything and this one's just like
completely shattered oh there it is
this one these completely shatter versus
those ones all right get down okay so
you see how diesels like shaking his
head like that so my poor buddy I just
feel so bad for them oh I feel so bad
for him he has like severe severe
allergies awful just awful allergies
it's now affecting his paws and he's
been scratching his face like crazy for
the past two days and I feel so bad
because let me show you his little nose
can you see his come here next children
little nose so he's kind of scratch
right there and his little ears been
bothering him because he was such bad
allergies he's like constantly on
medication he's constantly trying
they're trying to do something to figure
out what the big issue is so and I just
feel so bad as he's gotten older and you
know obviously has a seasons change just
like a human being
allergies but his are like so severe
where he's just scratching all the time
and I just oh my god I feel so bad for
him I give him a bath really quick
because I have like this medicated wash
I use on his paws and on his skin and
tomorrow we're gonna go to the bat
because he cannot be doing this anymore
right now you look like a happy pub but
you're not happy when you're scratching
or shaking your head so I had to go buy
a new remote like I just said and I have
all these gift cards because you know I
spend way too much money at Best Buy and
I had to spend three or four dollars
otherwise I hadn't spent twenty dollars
because they give cards so I bought a
bunch of like power aids and just gave
it to everyone in the line and I just
all I said was almost paid forward and
they're like okay so I feel pretty good
about myself right now I just wanted to
say if you guys ever have an opportunity
to pay it forward do it not just to feel
good about yourself because it's
anything they do the look and the smile
and the surprise on their face this is
so funny I wish I was feeling that just
for what so I can remember it remember
saying the Rope I shattered by the way
this wasn't me for once I didn't break
something this is actually Ali she's
just like the iPhone just shatters and
does the whole spider cracks it's so
stupid like it's just a remote control
like why does it need to break or I just
have to be so complicated
where is she Zoey where's Ali did you
focus on that water car is here diesel
diesel here Odie's here the heck Ali but
you get such a scruffy blood today
you're so scruffy so Charles is sooo
kindly editing tonight because he's
actually editing because I sure you guys
already know he told you about the whole
situation with the Rings and um kind of
sucks actually it sucks a lot because I
really loved the other ring but there
was just so many problems with the
setting and it was kind of a decision
that him and I both came to and am
bummed I'm not gonna lie he knows I was
kind of attached to it and but it was
just something that I think that if we
didn't figure it out and work it out now
that we talk further issues just like
the jeweler said we'd have further
issues with it they said nothing I
didn't tell you not to do but every
other jewelers said that you shouldn't
do it I know well basically what he's
explaining us we went to multiple
different jewelers and I told him about
what had happened with my ring about the
diamond falling out and they said you
know a ring is designed a certain way
for a reason and when you alter it
physically it can destroy the integrity
of the actual ring and the actual design
of the Rings jewelers are basically
artists so they say they some like an
artist when they say they can do
something and they can't they just want
to say they can do it some jewelers are
the same way and I mean at the end of
the day they really hooked us up and
they really helped us yeah and I think
the one that I helped design for you
still bums me out because I really liked
it honestly the jeweler that we went to
actually sad like hey you're gonna have
reoccurring problems and it wasn't like
a common recurring problem it was going
to be a continuous problem because of
that alteration so I'm very happy that
we work something out but I am sad I
think it's actually I my opinion better
than the original one it's actually kind
of the one I wanted to do before because
there was two of them it was the vinyl
one and then there's essentially the one
I just did now so that's our dilemma and
I guess I was kind of like nervous about
this whole situation because I told char
I was like you know that I love this
ring and I don't want to get rid of it
and it wasn't a decision of like I
didn't like it it was a decision of what
would be the smartest thing to do at
this current moment in time I wanted to
get something that was a little
structurally sound well I love you and
I'm really sorry that happened
something stirred he wouldn't let me
like he was he was trying to ask me
questions about what I liked and I'm
like why and he's like you know what
never mind never mind all right never
mind so I'm cutting up some strawberries
right now because that's for you
actually cleaning get you watermelon but
I did decide to get you some really
delicious strawberries really knows she
likes the tops of them she'll eat him
much
hmmm alright guys well I'm gonna go to
bed hope you guys enjoyed today's video
I'm gonna try to get some sleep so I can
try to get rid of the sickness before
any more shows I think next week or this
week we have some college shows so I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
ever goodnight bye guys
you could feel yeah there it goes on my
eyeballs
you're here that's cleared I'm freaked
out I'm afraid
the Guinness World Records guys and then
the world I do
