it's beach day even though it's kind of
cold out I know I'm weird doesn't make
any sense the one day that I actually go
to the beach we are going to kind of do
this little celebration for Claire's
wedding even though she got married back
in February but it's something about
like really seeing Chinese lanterns so
something she wanted to do I got my
handy-dandy hat that I borrowed from
Charles because this little thing right
here getting bent and you know I wish
you could come but you just can't I
don't know what you would be like on a
boat and on an island and you might run
right right
it's still so cute
so this morning they told us that we are
going to be doing a photo shoot on the
last thing of tour all of us are dirty
have no this is dirty no clean clothes
you look good you look great
and yeah so we're gonna try to do a
photo shoot on my last freakin fifth
door this is bad timing so we'll see how
this turned out
Hunter's already ready yeah literally
the most impossible task in the planet
you got some dreads you find a bird I
was saying everyone's completely tired
the last date or everyone just shut down
I say tor everyone's checked out let
alone have clean clothes so kind of an
interesting thing but we got to do it so
yeah suck it up
it'll be fun I'll be fine all right so
Valerie is going to update my Harry for
this kept a little bit long yeah the
deadness out yeah we were waiting for
some breakfast and everyone pointed out
all the gray hair in the back of my head
now these are really nice Radio Disney
dropped our single Luther King here so
this must be Travis right here right am
i right
definitely this is you Danny
that light brown has got to be that's
that's you right yeah you got the
straight hair that's easy to find well
it's a wrap we go home now this is
studio was once owned by Charlie Chaplin
mustache so it's kind of cool there's
more history in here
we're shooting new photos in Charlie
Chaplin's new do that's crazy
there's play a bear and a few of our
friends and it's kind of cool it's like
a little sand bar that formed and how
long ago but a lot of people come out
here bring their boats out but when it's
high tide it's just not here but it's
very very cool
yup we now this it's gonna be like the
best thing ever
already move like one inch that way yep
you guys got to get together
if you jump one two three jump yep
alright
that likes your face a little bit if I
face is fucking fine that's okay shit
that's photo ever by the way I'm gonna
say jump higher than the leap okay look
at this that's the one you know look I'm
in the fucking air at the same time as
everybody else who's got the bunnies you
know you see the air who's got the
bunnies
the amount of wind that's going to be
out here right now we're all freezing
our butts off I'm actually in Kaitlin
most people are kind of right now but
that's a good idea which is do some
funny where's the bad one or the bad
when I turn good these are all a lot
better I think this counting faster
which you are on petroleum where's the
one with the doors that's the one that I
own the last one on my words the one
with the face that we just did send that
to management they'll love that one damn
Oh
ready for the show
apparently guns and roses did not in
fact blow the roof off too much and it's
still here if you have no idea what I'm
talked about Guns'n'Roses do like a
secret like quick one-off show at the
Troubadour maybe a lot a week or two ago
go check it out inside so Guns & Roses
played in here that's the thing yeah the
roof is still there that's good
this is your first vlog which what's
happening people hmm
that's almost happy hour I'm gonna turn
this off my blog happy hour all day
happy are you fiddling with the guitar
that's there we go there's those goalie
Hansard there you look exhausted
I can't anyways it Oh your girl the care
crew fryers bowed out I think watching
the crew fight the true fighters right
get kicked out
the infamous crew photo through band
photo tour photo
Jonathan Ben snacks I like to call you
Ben snacks
no I and I want to go get some food and
we ran into Kaylee Kaylee and she gave
me this awesome gift
these are not photos if you guys are
curious she's super good at tracing
amazing Ally's would probably cry when
she sees that I mean that's this was
just a couple days ago these pictures
she was doing a self learning in class
right mom
I don't know if you see that balloon
right there but that's snacks walking
around with a balloon
did they see you there was of this
dancing and then seems like this and I
quit show us the dance again show us the
dance so in California you can't have
the generator running so we have
everything turned off traveller price
that's something on fire it's what it is
it's basically it's like it's a law for
like energy efficiency it makes sense
otherwise you're just running a
generator but the same time you can't go
anywhere
sorry Cooley just make it go late today
is the last day of a from here to Mars
tour and it's been a crazy tour a few
times it's an amazing tour all the bands
you know if they are brothers James
she's we Elena Coates you guys prior to
know what she's on a couple of our songs
all of them amazing bands to play with
but at the same time it's really nice to
kind of wrap it up get the go home
get ready for the next tour I have a
red-eye tonight at 12:45 so literally
when I hit the last C sharp note on
check yes Juliet I am gonna hit an uber
to get the hell out of here and try to
get home
no this is Rachel I know but everything
that was staged I'm gonna continue
peeing we end at 11:20 my flight is at
12:45 so I don't know if I'm gonna make
I do want to ask you guys right now in
the comments the deposit video and tell
me your favorite part of the from here
tomorrow's tour so far because I should
say up the whole tour because over it
now
alright guys I cannot believe I actually
made for the airport in time they're not
even boarding yet hope you guys enjoyed
today's video I say it's worth a very
bittersweet I will see us tomorrow
actually at home I'm really excited I've
actually tried to surprise Ali she has
no idea I'm coming home early
took me almost an hour but I have my
creation
and I love what this guy is I just
wanted to make a random one
people in state
now II hope they did pretty good that's
the what usually goes bad
the port is not officially winding down
