good morning everyone
heading to the doctors now it was like
6:30 when we woke up it was still pitch
black hopefully finding some answers and
solutions to my dizziness and weirdness
little Florida went in he says what I
should do is get another cookie another
50 milligrams of lamictal XR and then
and see how that feels I explained the
to him that it was kind of like when I
would be on impact so we kind of
understood that kind of feeling so
that's one of the reasons why either
than it costing
roughly $1,400 a month for that stupid
thing like 11 to 14
the good news is he didn't seem too
concerned or anything like that just
more intrigue like Alan said have the
were like a beanie and a hoodie and
everything to make sure all the wires I
feel a little bit more comfortable now
that went to the ER got an MRI a month
ago and then just did this but now time
to go back fall asleep get up start the
day and hopefully that feeling does its
thing and just goes away
because yesterday I have much of an
issue like I did lots couple days so
hopefully it's gonna get better and
better like today will just be I'm
hoping perfect move no crazy dog we're
all going back to sleep for a little bit
actually got that with Charles
appointment we came back home we just
slept for a little bit longer and then
got up started doing our normal thing
and now what we have to do is with
Christmas being like right around the
corner we have to prep you guys
obviously no dinner for us for Christmas
dinner should say it's typically a
pretty big deal I'm in charge of making
a vegetarian dish or some type of like
veggie appetizer for Christmas at my
dad's around my cousin's house so my
dad's side of the family all of our
appetizers in all of them all the meals
are basically there's something sweet or
like a meat to have to go ahead and make
some of those so I'm looking up salads
which are like the easiest thing to make
for vegetarian dishes but I want to make
like a cool holiday appetizer than
nobody's gonna expect your spinach balls
yeah can't we're telling you to make
this that was good camp time agreed yeah
actually you want to see something guys
I want to see what you guys see it was
really tripping me out no pun intended
okay I'm gonna show you guys something I
wanna see what you guys see so does the
box look like it's on the outside or on
the inside if he keeps all man that's
just messed with because if you switch
back and forth it really I see more of
it only like I see this as the top and
then
that is the bottom something cutscene
gets me off get up and then if you move
your eyes a little bit of does something
different it's so weird that kind of
stuff is just so trippy it's so it feels
like we just did all this stuff for
Thanksgiving there's a pile and a bunch
of other stuff that I'll probably told
you we're doing several Christmases just
like Thanksgiving
yay okay uh I lost Ally this is what I
have to do every time because it's so
heavy today I thought it'd be kind of
fun of sucking Ally I was like have you
ever tried catnip with Rica we have not
so today I figured be really fun to see
if I can introduce catnip to the cat so
I got to go to the dealer right now and
pick up some catnip I gotta go to the
cat dealer the catnip dealer the pet
store no it's the pits blitz technically
it's a catnip dealer we have this spray
but I don't think you owe that noise we
have to spray but I don't think it's
gonna be as fun got the stuff funny I
feel like a dealer for my cat I feel
like it's gonna be a lot funnier if I
put it in like a ziploc bag Oh much
funnier Alan Kate went with clear and
Mike to go to look at fresh fireworks
Christmas lights couple things at the
house so luckily that's why we have a
team right there see people do that and
put that out and then so then Holly and
I could do it maybe in the next couple
days that way get some stuff done in the
house because like I said she's been
doing mr. 20 over three days two and a
half days she's been doing so much in
this house so I just told her to go
enjoy the Christmas lights and I will
pick up the slack on my end teamwork
plus to be completely honest I didn't
really feel like sitting in the back of
the truck a couple hours
this would be a smarter idea for me
anyway Reiki I also wanted to try
something else while I'm just you know
kind of a low-key resting kind of thing
be sure everyone knows that make those
things called syringe balls and I call
them Grinch balls just because I don't
know why because I'm stupid but I
usually do with like frozen spinach but
I decided that it might be a little bit
healthier to try it with like actual
sauteed spinach so I'm gonna get a
little a little bit creative I guess
today and then that way an ally comes
home she's gonna miss little snack this
actually might work all I gotta do is to
chop it up why should I use a lot more
though this is my uber driver her name's
Caitlin and she is for hire and you can
only drive with her when you drive with
me dude's camera yeah she was what you
had I made her take it off we are on our
way to go meet up with Claire and her
husband and I think that's it Charter
had to stay home II wasn't feeling too
hot but you know he's he's got to take
it easy so that's okay but we are gonna
go and see some Christmas lights which
I'm super excited about you see
Christmas lights all time but I don't
think that you get to see like the
neighborhoods that are filled with
Christmas lights so that's exactly what
we're gonna do yeah I even took a shower
for this event I took a shower at
sentence
killing yourself mm-hmm look at that
she's like nobody's gonna be smelly open
him this is all I've been waiting to do
waiting for Rika to get over so I can
try this every you want to stop messing
with all my my equipment got stuff for
you I had to go to a sketchy place to
get this for you
ready for it okay let's try this look
this is what I'm supposed to do
kitty get look look pretty apparently my
cat is straight edge as they only know
if this is what I'm supposed to do sure
it's supposed to be like that so they
can try to get it come on cat play along
she'd rather just play with this
stupid-ass thing come on cat come on cat
eat some of this and then we can watch
Grandma's Boy you always see if the dogs
like it you know what fine yeah you
don't want it I'm gonna the dogs have it
if you've been watching these videos for
any length of time you know that Zoe
loves catnip I don't know what it is or
at least she likes toys with catnip in
it nope
nobody wants catnip no what the hell's
going on and one straight edge it's cool
I mean that's good for you
we'll go Marley anywhere I was gonna get
it I do have a question what makes
catnip what it is like why does it make
cats all crazy
is it kind of equivalent to a eucalyptus
makes koalas feel you're the pickiest
one you're probably I could try it here
want some catnip nope
what is going on no I thought animals
like catnip Kitty peer pressure
come on all the cool cats are doing it
all the cool cats so she decided to eat
a little bit and she's been running back
and forth constantly jumping on the
couch like that no she's supposed to not
be doing are you tweaking out are you
bugging out man you've always had that
that tail has always been there do you
want more now those eyes you know spleen
some more oh she only wants it on their
own terms I guess fine little stoner
like I said earlier what they decided
Gyan they decided it was gonna do was
they're gonna just up my medication just
a tiny tiny bit I completely have to go
pick it up so that was bad so totally
I'm not gonna lie didn't realize that I
had a half a battery I definitely do not
want to do what I did last time
wherever alia that will find me oh come
on guys gonna cross the street pally had
to find me then she had to push it with
the car and then screwed the back of it
up Oh guys were with Chelsea and Clare
and Kailyn and hello now I remember why
I go through the other side and we're
actually in Largo and work at this place
that basically the whole neighborhood
decorates their house in Christmas
lights and it benefits hospice he send
it up got it over there
you look great Kate but we are we have
hot cocoa and we're sitting in the back
of the truck so Nathan's coming pretty
rad hope you guys are excited I'm so
excited her my luck they don't have my
medication ready and they're not gonna
have it until tomorrow so yay
one more day of this crap this is the
funniest part I don't think I'm gonna be
able to get back I'm literally at two
bars this thing is going slowest I've
ever driven this thing and unfortunately
our house is at the top of the hill so
it makes Layton even harder no joke I
just have to push this and walk it now
because my weight was killing it
well made it home but I literally had to
do that the entire time and to take the
dogs and run back and the worst part
about that health situation oh my god
look at she's she dead she's got she's
got an addiction she knocked out the
table Rika Rika do we have to talk about
going to the doctor bud you have a
problem first step is admitting it
well that was definitely cool definitely
something different apparently they do
it like much bigger but that was still
pretty significant there was a group of
houses though that I thought was so cool
which I obviously showed you guys
earlier you would turn on the radio
station to like a certain obviously a
certain station and the lights went to
the song that was played and I really
liked that this entire neighborhood
basically all these houses got together
and people would drive through and they
were obviously they would put lights all
over their house and you would donate to
like come through and see all this work
that these people put in and then 100%
of the proceeds went back to a charity
which I thought was really great it's
really nice to see like amongst all this
negativity that's going on in our world
recently that there's still a lot of
really positive people and a lot of
positive things that are still occurring
she's coming down from RI we're gonna
watch TV strong videos later
before us thinkin I just wanted to say
thank you guys for last few days for
giving me the love and the support and
recommendations to tell my doctors are
asked my doctors today I had one
instance of feeling a little bit weird
but considering the last few days one
when I had to go to the ER one instance
today I'll take that over everything but
before I go I just have to say thank you
to some of the CTFxC patreon members
first ones ashley byron AKA ashley 5r a
shelving abang in his Craig Patrick
Godfrey and Scylla fairest so thank you
guys for being members of the CTFxC
patreon for everyone else if you want to
check it out the links down in the
description you can check it out we have
shout outs we have personal videos one
of them lots of stuff so thank you guys
and we will see you tomorrow as always
have a great night I'm gonna go turn the
itunes visualizer for arica so she does
watch that the cat actually really likes
candidate now it's actually kind of
funny all right bye guys
