is that we're starting it javis making
sure everything's nice and clean it's
actually kind of cold
I forgot every time we play the Anaheim
House of Blues it's like Fort Knox you
have to show your ID
sometimes they should make you get out
of your bunk
well that is not where I need to go look
that is party easier to get into the
White House that's not know where I need
to go with the flood
oh just the one door good luck
Melissa just got here and we are going
to do our podcast that's going out today
and then a little bit I'm actually gonna
be leaving to go with my sister because
for her birthday was just coming up it's
like right around the corner she wanted
to get not like a new wedding band but
an additional wedding bands that's what
she's wanted it's kind of like a big
thing right now it's a stackable rings
and the stackable wedding bands and it's
just something that she wants she does
someone like a random piece of jewelry
or anything of that sort sand it's
something that our husbands actually
been wanting to get for her and it's
been some time since we've been here
it's gonna be a fun show since we're
playing of the House of Blues that
obviously means we're in Downtown Disney
again which is cool because we have men
here we haven't played here like I said
three years someone let's see if I can
find some random stuff here oh my god I
want ride space down now close already
did do I look like a fryer don't you do
people
that's one thing I've actually never
actually got to go Disneyland in
California I was good to go to Disney
World
maybe I should just go sneak off on a
monorail where's Charles these Lego
stores always blow my mind
that they're able to actually make
something this cool out of Lego just
blows my mind but I wonder how long it
actually take to do this kind of stuff
insane it's like actual emojis there's
the default yellow ones and these are
all the ones that you can change to it's
kind of funny you realize that
we're going to look for an additional
wedding pants because you know like
people are doing like that stackable
ring saying it looks really cute and it
would look really beautiful for Kaelyn
so that's kind of what she wanted
birthday's coming and it's for her
birthday as well and I had some very bad
news and I'm kind of I'm actually really
sad and upset about it by luck one of
the diamonds has already fallen out so I
talked to char and he's pretty upset
about it and he's like you know I just
go in and see what we got to do we've
just been kind of having a lot of
problems of this setting and I love this
ring but I don't want to have to go back
every month if something's gonna happen
or fall out so I have to go in and talk
to them and see what they can do
because right now I'm a little bit sad
that this has happened and it's
literally only been a month and Charles
put a lot of time I've heard into this
ring and into the decision making of the
diamonds that go into this ring so thank
God number one we have insurance
insurance on it yes absolutely insurance
on it but that Charles is so
understanding about what's going on
because I just feel so guilty I feel
terrible I don't even what I did for it
to pull out so we'll see
mother of God and it gets better and
better
there's the house alright so I'm gonna
build gonna build me this would be me
let's read build me and Ally alright so
I think I got out of space in my space
down there now go find some bodies got
some paid bodies you can good boy
one is simply don't metals
alright took me almost an hour but I got
my creation you guys ready to see it and
I don't know who this guy is I just
wanted to make a random one because he
had to have three so I made a random
dude with a t-bone steak
obviously that's me and Ali I thought I
did pretty good not so much as a lego
fan but I thought this would be kind of
a fun thing to make so the tour is now
officially winding down I was looking at
the tour bus we have literally one more
show after tonight and then from here
tomorrow school is done it's been it's
been a fun tour it's been a long tour
it's gonna first tour tour and make
actual while aside from like you know
college shows so it took some time to
kind of get used to things again but
towards the end plate right now you get
kind of in a groove and right now I'm
actually exhausted Ikes or nothing I
feel very good it's certainly the rain
because we went to you know snowy areas
freezing cold to desert right now it's
like rainy and like wet so it's like my
entire body's is they can feel it kind
of cruddy and no joke last night driving
from San Francisco to you and I mean I
think our bus driver took the bumpy's
rug possible bumpy road I should say
because I think okay here's the bed and
here's me and right here is like a gap
there I think I levitated all night just
like sleeping comes bumping up in the
air
but anyway it's gonna be a fun show
tonight tomorrow's the Troubadour which
is kind of funny at cousin Rosa's just
played their first coming back tour or
show yes a few days ago so hopefully
there's still a roof there and then
going home they have a couple days off
and then can't get back in everything
couple shows all the shows and then work
toward but in between that I have I was
looking at my schedule I have the
Tribeca Film Festival for vlog you
mentary all your memories coming out on
April 20th so we're going up to New York
to watch that tribeca film
festival I think is what's called then
I'm coming right home going to playlist
live and then I think with next week is
another college show and then I think
may it's gonna be a little bit calmer
which is to be kind of nice I kind of
need it and then in June warp tour
starts or July one of those months but
yeah so that's kind of what's going on
right now Ally's at the jeweler right
now because apparently one of the
stupids of diamonds came loose or
something on the ring so she's trying to
get that fixed and I'm trying to make
sure they're taking care of all that
because it's so frustrating like when
you get something like that that's like
the least
like that's the last thing you want to
actually happen because of obviously I
have insurance on that thing and I have
a warranty on that thing it's super
protected but at the same time is kind
of a family is so unfortunately because
one of the diamonds fill out a my ring I
am without a ring again I seem a little
pissed off because I am a little pissed
off there's just we've been kind of
having some issues with this ring and I
was in there for like a couple hours we
were having issues with the setting and
everything and her and I are kind of
thinking that maybe this setting isn't
what we should have because he doesn't
want me going back every month I mean to
replace the diamond especially when you
know you put your money and you put the
time and effort and everything of that
sort into it that shouldn't be happening
so right now I am really sorry I know I
probably have kind of bored you with
today I'm kind of upset right now
yeah a little upset do you want to tell
the good news Youssou well the Sioux
fighting - yeah hockey team is in the
national championship they play tomorrow
oh yeah we're going North Dakota yeah is
reading guys know this about Sophie but
mm mm he's actually a chant here's his
ring and everything he's wearing it
right now just a little bit modest he
puts away goalie right he's the goalie
he was on ESPN yesterday and you're so
modest about this there's Sophie right
over there I bought him left the goalie
as a baby also on our could we show off
your awesome little last time we did
this it was tea fair you and I we do
that in warp Tori remember that yeah
he's good luck for the suit are you
doing it are you doing it I will not do
I don't know if you guys knew about that
about Sophie he's actually a champion
national champion it's the tradition in
hockey I feel like the pro boys cannot
 to not shave their big showers
right I mean you can take showers if you
want and we're the same clothes every
day
Yeah right
tor tor rituals and hockey rituals
yes trade right there yeah
hello because I was out and about all
day today like I didn't get to spend a
lot of time with you I'm so sorry I'm so
sorry
wait who is it who's all that you go Kim
you killed it man kill it come on chef
we need our song
did you feel the love can't
alright guys time to go to bed we're
kind of stuck here and what I would like
to call purgatory in between madness
that actually looks a lot of fun it's
actually kind of fun they're kinda
losing our minds
yeah what kind of hours it's a little
bit it's what you know what you can do
you could be the counterweight every
time to rock the bus up there just rock
it back oh this is guys this is what we
do for fun I hope to god somebody opens
the door right now
Jeeva sorry open the door your crotch is
very big right now
trap anyway guys we have like at 9:00
a.m. like photoshoot for the band so I'm
gonna get to sleep tomorrow as to what
lat
tomorrow is actually the last day of the
entire tour and we're in West Hollywood
and then I'm flying home and then I have
a break I get to be home with Ali and
the girls and their dude so anyway I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video and
my little my little things I don't think
I actually should've jayvo
you did show me on how I did show oh
yeah this show Jeff every bad number
it's so cool anyway I'll see you guys
tomorrow thanks so much for watching bye
guys bye John
