after all those books and all those
things that I've read in those movies
finally good to go we are trying to get
to San Francisco as you can see all the
traffic and j-val Danny and I have an
appointment at one o'clock for the
Alcatraz thing and it's
12:30 now better not miss it I've
actually gonna be super bums that was
actually really looking forward to this
for months a long time happy they're
gonna see me cry I'm probably crying
that's that bit but I see that they
bought
that's a visual prisoner right
huh this part of the tour we're gonna
basically tuck and roll is that gonna
get a stop sign
what are you tired we did call it
where's Kohli for us on the dress and I
want to be helped in saying that we see
more than just this we just jumped off
the bus the only way I think we're gonna
actually make this thing I'm determined
we were rushing to get there was your
name is that Zack is trying to help us
right now he'd picked us up on the side
of the road is only a hitchhiker guy
will be the first to page open compete
something a checkers you see here it's a
good Samaritan he was the only good
Samaritan that picked us up or a murder
a sneaky one I think you're right and if
we did not jump out of the bus we would
not admit it what have we learned
jump out of New Mexico be bossy yeah
clearly learned to their boys I get to
finally say here's your tickets Alcatraz
yeah
thank you sir was this what the rock
looks like
oh I get it that's not the dress reading
Braille would be the coolest thing in
the world this was the main building
here auxilary cells I wish I could read
freon I think Braille reading Braille
would be the most fascinating thing the
world wait that's the line over there
yeah now we're gonna complain about
waiting in line
would you do a simple thing Danny's
getting his own umbrella right now
thank you
anything else princess we got on Danny
briefly lost his ticket miss please not
losing it I like how the guys like you
got 30 seconds and we look at the gate
he's completely locked down we did it
see that was the bridge that we were
racing across here after all those books
and all those things that I've read in
those movies finally get to go
once here because we can ultimately face
off
I've never seen it
you stay in a live line
how's that taste on the rock
and for some people like never getting
to go to Disney World and Disneyland
that's what this is becoming for me it's
kind of messed up
like the darker version of fire is like
super dark
Sean Connery just pops out around the
corner
jenny was the prom queen be the way that
lies the fucking schools about a t-shirt
here stays you in the problem
I think you could just walk all around
it's great this is crazy I guess this is
the mark
go on in the main prison
so this looks like where you get all
your toilet dreams and then go over here
and you take a nice nice shower okay so
we have these audio tour things so I'm
gonna try to tell you about here and
showing you things holy crap
there's the cell numbers right there see
1:13 right there
all right so this is kind of like where
the obnoxious ones would go like Al
Capone and stuff like that and then
these are solitary confinement right
here where it's just like just a hole it
is it's frightening
yeah literally the door be shot that was
it this is where the library way and if
the prisoners actually had the right of
a privilege at the light I'm sorry
everything here is that they could okay
so food clothing and like toiletries or
something like that that's alright but
apparently anything else is a privilege
and you have to earn it
so like reading books they'd have to
earn that kind of stuff
look at that their computer right there
that technical pune thing how do you hit
it yeah
Final Cut Pro is gonna suck on that
thing these are helped people escaped
apparently they did that with spoons see
that's the hole right there
and then they got up there the
dining-room area and what they did there
was such a scary place everyone had
knives spoons and boards they have these
things these were actually gas pots so
like things were actually growing really
bad they can flip the switch but I guess
they never actually had to do it which
is actually kind of good because this
whole area would just turn into a giant
like gas chamber which is kind of freaky
to think about are you talking about how
they named things to seahawk them yeah
like Broadway Michigan Avenue with times
where I really like New York and they're
like who taught people it's pretty
messed up apparently when there wasn't
up like a break-in like somebody was
trying to break in I break out no one
was hurt breaking when we're talking
about they dropped like some Apothic
freaking out the trash I was trying to
do that right the Broadway but
apparently some guy climbed this and
bent the bars up there and fell down
because this was the only place that
they allowed guns and then these are the
keys see those things hanging down there
and show you guys earlier it's how they
gave the keys to keep them from actually
being on the floor they would put them
up here and these were all the guns were
anyway so the guy got up there bent it
dropped back down and figures over took
some guards and then
they had to call on the National Guard
and then yeah so they've got a bunch of
bombs on the roof and there's like some
marks I'll show ya yeah see those like
right over there I saw goofed up those
are actually marks when when they drop
the bombs they came through the frickin
ceiling that's pretty gnarly it came
through a pair fell down down there oh
by the way they installed the radio and
these were the two stations they could
listen to Dan's in jail well the way you
would you were stance you were like
really looking like you're you try and
save this bad no just like I'll j-val
just looked really like he was imitating
you're good actors what I'm trying to
say Danny just to get a taste of the
sound
j-val locking in
don't you go to jail because you gotta
break this ice into the audience or what
do you sound effects in minutes this is
definitely misconception I think a lot
of people think this prison is like huge
but I think I think insurance
consumption I think there's Jay Bell was
saying that there's only a max of 1,500
people ever on the island in prison here
it's about to get conjugal said
inappropriate she'd like it
apparently
that guy
is this guy right here
so that's that dude
Danny of course they sell the rock if
they didn't sell the rock
you didn't demonstrate in the world
should I get this for Ally
look at the current of the water that's
why they say people can't swim it this
is one of the coolest strangest things
or places I've ever been but after like
ten years of trying to come here I am so
happy it finally got to come that I hope
you guys enjoyed it that's what I
escaped from Alcatraz I did it I'm
coming home babe I'm coming home from
Africa traffic okay this is gonna be a
little history lesson not a history
lesson but blaster the past so about ten
years ago there was a one of the first
official unlicensed I should say would
say unofficial YouTube gatherings I
don't know what was called doesn't
matter it was right here at this pier at
pier 39 in San Francisco actually where
Shay and I met for the very first time
it was just a bunch of other youtubers
go outside of town it was like before
VidCon and playlist all that stuff we
all just met up right here actually and
just hung out until the cops saw us we
hit the leaf that start that photo of
Shay and I was right over there for the
first time there they are those lazy
little dudes
my king of the hill he's gonna sneak
around a lot she's gonna come back
around he's gonna get watching them
fight is the funniest thing oh they're
fighting over there yeah everyone's
rooting for him and the best part is
like they're all fighting for that
little bit of space and there's so many
more of these that are completely empty
these would be outlaws that's cool look
enough let's see that disco ball
is he really l3 hey one two hey check it
off it was ooh that looks really good
this is starting to become our new
that's why hope you enjoyed today's
video I gotta show you something really
quick old I'm going to show you I just
got this at Alcatraz I'm pretty pumped
it took like ten years for me to finally
get here or get there and I think I had
a lot of fun I know I had a lot of fun I
should say fuck hope you enjoyed the
video and your virtual tour throughout
Qataris look at this hope freaking cool
is that they will see you guys tomorrow
as always bye guys
