good morning guys
today we have a day off in LA
yay okay start in the morning already
guess who that might be that brother
I was just showing you off yeah showing
up afraid
yeah look good you're working out I can
tell I don't know if you noticed like
when I showed you guys Jake but in the
corner in the background the guy with
the hat that was actually the lead
singer of the band puddle of mud I don't
know if you guys remember that pic
anyway it was just there eating
breakfast which by the way I ordered
breakfast and they forgot it so I was
just like screw it I'm just gonna start
bucks I know they never let me down so
keep you up with the weird today
okay so I just went to Starbucks that
you saw didn't pause the camera but I
just was right next to Andrew Dice Clay
I don't know if you guys know him was
like a meet a good comedian back in the
eighties he was like really super
raunchy I never found him funny it's
just kind of random that who's there -
so today obviously is a day off
really honestly
on tour for me the worst days are the
days off because there's like nothing to
do a little day off you're supposed to
chill but I'm the type of person as you
guys already know that I have to always
do something gotta be active all the
time otherwise I get stir-crazy so so I
think I had the worst time on days off
like this
sure it's got a mohawk do you like it
Jake you ready to throw up though we're
trying to make Jake throw up Danny was
Phil minute - so you gonna have two
versions of this that's one yeah and
been some snappy attitude so there's
these three versions of this Danny's
vlog Ben snapchat and right here
basically Coley's gonna rip his nail
radon peroxide on it keep cleaning it
out
just watch Jake I should just leave it
on Jake's face told I only know where
are you fucking using a jar clippers
of course
Oh daddy oh my gosh
oh just do one before your card oh my
god how many do you know let me just see
one two three gone I'll do it skin
properly and that tears the skin
wait I have a better idea I have a
better idea just die you do it
does anybody have like long rope or like
a loss or something get slammed the door
no no I kept tied around it right and
then tie it to the bumper of my car and
then I speed up and let go
definitely the coolest thing to do
that's just being it one two three
bucket
yes oh my gosh my gosh yes
Cole you're not gonna be able stand for
a week I think I'll have a beer Joe you
and s when you do it going so we do it
up I'll probably do it with your team do
it with your theme snacks
totally your team I throw down
give me a whiskey turning a doctor's
office when he tries it in the 1800 yeah
it's gonna squirt on my shoes it's gonna
be on three okay let's go back you lied
yeah hey I'll do it I'll do it on three
ready one gone it's over Taylor you did
it your Tim and glad you don't want to
have a feeling you're gonna do yeah I'll
give whoever eats this one crow 100 $100
to eat it I got $100 for a freaking hot
dog I'm looking to get mail maybe $50
the alley
hey Olli something to do a toenails
order it's like that black chip at the
bottom of like a Chips panic you know
okay what did you do Jameson always
terms of a minute
vmq yet go watch the other boys that was
totally awesome my white shoes it's just
gonna squirt randomly
what a day today so we saw Andrew Dice
Clay Stephen Stills pleading against all
puddle of mine I'm fine
who else do we see today who all other
than Jake well who else is behind this
Oh the country country bands are just
following dudes paint can you walk the
dog
that's what we do I think perceptions of
rock and roll like tour buses are
completely shattered on these videos so
I have finally made it home after hours
and hours and hours and hours of flying
I left this morning at like cause like
close to 6:30 and it is 8 o'clock here
so I'm pretty tired if you can't tell by
the buzz under my legs really okay I
hate that you can't help from the bags
under my eyes
but anyways I'm so happy to be home
there's an awesome trip but I'm excited
to be back and be in the privacy of my
own house being able to sleep in my own
bed take a shower my lunch shower and
look like complete crap I feel like the
last time I saw you guys there was Sun
yeah I'm stupid so we're gonna go get
food with Jake actually I have no idea
what else is piling in this car right
now call the Ghostbusters there's so
many responses to quite a few call the
Ghostbusters I just did there's a lot of
responses call the Ghostbusters all
calling the Ghostbusters tonight nice
Jake nice Jake nice thank you hmm well
guys it is super late and I am looking
super crazy right now my hair like
starts doing this like oh I could do
thing where I just
like flares out whenever it wants to but
I finally have the girls home
so there's miss so and there's miss Mar
and tomorrow I'm gonna go pick up diesel
but I just wanted to say wow first off
good night but thank you so much for
spending these past few weeks a little
bit more with me than normal and for
being so kind about my family and my
friends I've definitely been really have
sinned for a while about introducing
them to the vlogs because I don't know I
it's it's a scary thing it just is it's
a scary thing for me so it was kind of
refreshing and it really lifted like a
really heavy weight off my shoulders
that over the past couple of months I've
been able to actually do that and been
able to show that side of my life with
you guys so I just want to say thank you
so much for being so understanding in
not even understanding but just so
welcoming welcoming as a really good
feeling especially for me
so I'm gonna go to bed I'm so tired I
have so much work I had to do in the
morning but I love you guys thank you
again just thank you so much for being
so kind so I'll see you tomorrow sorry
you didn't hang out with me much today I
was on a plane it was boring and dumb
and you probably will just wanted to see
it because you see it so much with
Charles and it was the same way with me
that's insanely thin all he does is cut
stuff with me he totally is that
eight dollars a slice so we went to get
a nice fancy little meal with everybody
Sophie's at that table so fancy we get
wet naps
thank you there Ben which makes sure one
in every five or six I don't feel stupid
yeah like so yeah one and two one in
everyone sleeps
we had three of them so far this is
Ventura your places we wanted to go boy
you can't go to complete blackout it's
got a freaky actually this is venture
that's enough yeah it's not supposed to
start screw it I gotta take a shower
otherwise if I could be able to take one
for a while
looks like the entire hotel has no power
it feels like a freakin zombie yeah I
can't see me just listening to me so
just listen to me feels like a zombie
apocalypse but if any place is going to
happen as LA
of course it's that's happened I went to
take a shower today just really can get
things done and let everyone else get
their something today first that is
happens I probably should end blog now
since sir if I don't do it now the
probably I could be any powered actually
upload the vlog so I hope you enjoyed
today's video tomorrow is actually
really exciting because tomorrow's be
the first time I actually ever get to go
to Alcatraz
I got to bring you guys with me okay
hope you enjoy today's video of
randomness and have a CS tomorrow on the
rock bye guys
I never thought I was afraid of the dark
do you think it'll make me win the
lottery well I'll be honest it tastes
like crap
it's like a very air
