no idea why I'm so fascinated by this
thing blown outside
I think it's nobody think God frightened
me at first so good morning Internet
today we are going to go to this place
called Garden of the Gods which is like
I guess like a really pretty scenic
place it's got like beautiful rocks and
it's pretty infamous in this area so
Amanda and I are gonna go with the boys
art school and then they have Dylan's
baseball game later but I'm very very
excited about this because I am just I
wanting to kind of hike a little bit and
be in the mountains and I guess that's
exactly what we're gonna do today check
it out it's my new wonderous sweatshirt
welcome to Phoenix Arizona yeah I think
we're at the right place right there
found it
we just got to the fitguard another
Batman I made a man to pull over because
look at this view guys all these
beautiful red rocks I am not even
kidding you
I feel like this camera is not even
doing justice it's absolutely
breathtaking
to make sure we have enough power for
all the foggers and lights we actually
had a generator delivered because you
don't we the Kings that's how much power
we need Oh
go man right up Jonathan got enough
power now big so before we start
soundcheck I just wanted to remind you
guys our little audio book club that
we've been having going on us and
getting seen before I kind of want to
see what's going on a couple years now
if you go to audible.com CTFxC you had a
free 30-day trial that lets you download
any of these books in audio form so that
way you can listen to on your phone
computer your android whatever you want
to do every month you guys give me
suggestions you guys can listen to
whatever you want obviously on audible
but these are just like kind of guides
that we've been kind of having like a
little you know a little book club since
I'm actually gonna be going to Alcatraz
finally after many many years of trying
to go through San Francisco I want to
suggest this book right here that we're
listening to it's called inside Alcatraz
by Jim Quillin you can go download that
I think there's hundreds of thousands of
other books that you can actually get if
you really want so you don't necessarily
have to do this one but I would
recommend it because it's pretty pretty
interesting he's just like really creepy
I thought it'd be kind of eerie to like
listen to a prisoners actual counts of
inside the prison before actually going
there so I want to say thank you so much
to audible for being such an amazing
sponsors to the CD vaccine for so many
years and thank you guys for keeping up
the book club that we have and then if
you guys have any more suggestions again
like every month please let me know in
the comments or tweet me or send me on
Facebook or whatever and there's Jay
Bell
they did about you wanna go to Alcatraz
with me actually yeah I do
we're gonna go that was the thing to
have telling them was listening to some
audio books about this dude the
prisoners that was actually in Alcatraz
oh yeah okay I was trying to get me I
was telling them I'm trying to get in
the mindset of the creepiness that is
Alcatraz I like that it's even better
Amanda just brought me to you guys I met
that's my sister over there
you met her the other day but she
brought me to you is it called balancing
rock such a cool cool spot alright let's
get up there not to hurt ourselves yeah
definitely don't wear yeah yeah weird to
the wise no flip-flops on this so
beautiful well you definitely have
nothing like this in Florida yep so
beautiful this is definitely cool
definitely cool yeah I don't watch my
step don't fall look at the street kind
of like it just grew out of this rock
that's crazy
that's still living in green you hold up
he's a little cave no but I'm not
getting in there it's a smaller stage so
John is trying to test the lights and
stuff I Rachel II doing a good Travis I
like it no that was a burn that was a
good burn now huh before we get lost you
like wandering off so that's good I know
we see the road but we've been kind of
wandering off for a good 10 minutes 50
minutes we don't really want to get too
far away and get lost and not be able to
find her way back and get stuck here
during the night so let's not do that
let's not do that
Oh awesome what did you get been won
this from a Mexican restaurant I just
won his bear he was sitting in a
competition I was waiting for my money
passed again it smells like tortilla
chips so see bit better and this is what
I got yesterday the best friend
porchetta
it's a drink right it's a dessert I'm
gonna show Frankie my squirtle that my
squirrel Buster's yeah well he was 625
the girl gave it to me for 6:20 play I
actually pretty impressed I got
something substantial my dog is going to
destroy that I'm trying to figure out
some earlier Zowie
so we came to this like little town mana
Toa Minato Springs and it's actually
really cute it's kind of like in the
canyon up here and it's beautiful it's
really like old old world kind of
feeling buildings are really really old
really right good we should get a pair
these oh yeah
birch is so beautiful
it's a beautiful church a fountain of
youth really see their healing waters
I've been appreciated for their
healthful benefits throughout history
you try it might as well alright do it
try the water tell me if you feel
healthy it was a taste bad
tap it tastes terrible
it wasn't like do you think it'll make
me win the lottery well I'll be honest
it tastes like crap so all of these
rides are all the price they originally
were so whatever they were 25 crystal
whatever the actual price was when they
first came out that's exactly what it is
Oh
oh god what is that oh that's creepy and
that's incredibly creepy he's four we
get all the old gumball machines that oh
this is I guess so this is someone's
private collection of gum machines that
is just wow this would be Charles heaven
right now
advice for single women how to win love
fame and fortune I wonder if that one
word I don't even know if maybe it's
your life look at this
I know play the monkey fun so it says it
give us something don't you're fat
it literally just said don't get fat
that's the advice they give us this is
your demand is my rice be good or be
careful okay
it told me it to be good or be careful
great advice so being that they have
advice for single women advice for
single men we're gonna go ahead and see
what advice to get to men all right
wash your neck wash your neck of all
things it's telling us the man should
wash Luna be a fast worker be a fast
worker then wash that's good advice
probably a single men out there watch
your neck and be it fast burger yeah and
women don't get fat don't get fat and be
be good I'll be careful all right
good advice
would you do well on camera don't worry
about it it was already broken he it was
completely broken before class store
that's that's lucky with my finger
that's a glass repair shop right there
the irony that's seeping from that right
there get his horoscope lady repeat no
there's a pointer set to your birthday
right there okay put the money in the
slot so she just she gives you your
fortune all right let's hit our
fortunate fortunate so okay so she had
to turn it to a birthday and then
basically eternity birthday and let's
read yours first
oh my gosh good lord I'm not gonna read
all that the physical activity is
advisable in mourning your sense of
justice will help you play a big part
and a sentimental affair
used by students to be a billion don't I
really hope that's not from the 30s so I
got my birthday I'll set up my first
we're going in
there's my forecast right here so
apparently my lucky day is Monday and I
totally missed that day I don't think
anybody's lucky day is Monday what is
this barrel fun bum I don't even want to
go them could all these crazy games
screw this one is kind of scary the
doctor's office would so a lot of these
are from like the early 1900 some of
them are even from before that same
family
archaic 85 amantha's I just talked at
this place where they actually do like
wine sampling which is what we just did
and we're having blueberry wine right
now but I had to show you guys some of
these things wine tastes a bit right out
of me
sorry true I love these little coasters
but it's cool they have all they're like
locally made wine so delicious we've
tried that one and we tried that one but
it's awesome I wish that in Florida but
that's what we're doing right now we're
just coming out here we're trying some
wines and why not
they make all of their wine here
everything that's in the store though is
all from here right very very cool
mae√≠n a nice stuff does it's really
awesome little Greek place and look at
this plate of food oh my god it's
absolutely delicious I look going to
like little local places that they have
wherever I travel like we try need
something a little bit different so you
so far I'm so pleased with everything
that we try here in Colorado fortunately
due to that nasty nasty weather came
back cancelled so my sister is actually
gonna go and pick up Dylan right now and
I think we're just gonna hang out at the
house for a little bit thank God cuz
it's really really cold right now I
think I've got like 40 and I literally
have a beanie and like this sweatshirt
and this jacket would do nothing
secretly I'm excited because they would
have worn a hood chef Zach show me your
skills
no Joe this is not a joke it's snowing
outside it's so late hey blank nobody
cares
I'm still amazed it's smelly no it's not
what I thought is gonna rain this not
snow it's not it's snowing well I
definitely didn't pack your snow you
can't have you know I literally have no
idea where you could be who's got a
bigger camera now he's gonna light
and this is how we're gonna go to stage
on that song well guys it was an awesome
show and this is how we're gonna end the
evening clintus j-val and myself are
gonna get some tacos at a convenient
place oh and there's snacks dude we were
in we were I think we're in like
Virginia somewhere I had that big
fucking beard I do remember the beard
thank you quite quite quite nicer I do
remember now that you pointed out I'm
like no that's just lazy but they just
took two hard billion dollars how does
anybody think that they're gonna get
that giant penguin
well that's going on anyway I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video I will see
you guys small joys okay I guess we're
gonna lay out blanket and everything oh
this is romantic then bye guys
until somebody else needs to go bye
a little bit
Pedro
it was for you shut up not for you
