Callie okay if we plan your wedding I
don't honestly that's very careful very
careful what you say good morning
Internet as you can see I'm not on the
bus I went just got a hotel because I
never showered
Alex coming I got a feel a little
presentable can't be you know date is
well showering and seeing my fiance and
she's not gonna be there so good morning
Internet it is super early on a Saturday
and I am heading out to Kansas City
Missouri currently well shortly alright
then he was getting up loading it's
actually a really really funny one the
guys pranked the entire band so now
watch the video from yesterday I highly
recommend stopping what you're doing
right now and go and watch it basically
the band pranks the entire crew during
their actual set that they played last
night so it's really really funny you
definitely have to go check it out
well it was so good I'm gonna miss you
girls better be good okay be good for
Melissa and Phil like this is way too
early for me to be dealing with this
it's got the bus
and I just realized I have to like
organize this so more than one person
can sleep in here because I kind of just
stuffing things and just curling up
quick somebody broke your computer April
2nd some people are amazing singers some
people are bad singers and some people
are just good at being bad singers and
that's been over the rainbow check yes
Juliet good at being bad my heart will
go on
suck it Celine is that j-val from over
there do the darkness
this room sounds so good take this up I
know you can
that's j-val I don't have a voice our
dude
Danny's DeLorean dang it didn't work
Danny's dangit DeLorean didn't do the
damn darn this doping I'm still take
tasks desk desk we're just laughing
because I'm a real DeLorean the first
thing that goes are the doors and right
now this is actually what the inside
Annie's cake drum looks like it's pretty
insane doesn't just look like a circle
it's not just a real DeLorean guys it's
whole lot of crap there ya know the
crazy thing is I thought the just fine
actually speeder
can you go in and out in and out like
Travis a lot of gas yeah like so I
finally made it to Kansas City and char
because there isn't a shower at this
actual venue he went ahead and got in
any room and my brother and Carly are
here too and it's actually his birthday
so they're gonna stay at this hotel but
I wanted to show you this view look how
awesome this is
now right now I know that you see
buildings but you know it's kind of cool
us right there
look Hallmark cards but it's kind of
pretty like it's you got really pretty
views and there are cherry blossoms
every word which is kind of exciting
we're gonna probably take a nap because
I've been traveling all day and I'm kind
of tired and then we're gonna head back
to the venue I'm so excited for my
valeri to go to the chef's this is his
first time and am i realize fiance Carly
is here which I don't know if you guys
have actually ever met her it's so cool
it just looks so calm it looks like a
mini Skyway
there's a lot of them in these that way
the Paris is a soft hollow that's my
favorite that's like blackout clothes
Eileen are trying to get some food
we were just humans we got to get take a
shower be humans for a little bit okay
now we go get back to the venue there's
cherry blossoms before we go back both
ways I think actually this is the first
time alleys ever got the seen cherry
blossoms
I think it's our favorite Trina of Rohan
she loves cherry blossoms just sure it
all comes in a bit
we should plant one in the house that up
in the house I just like released a
bunch of things yeah that's what is it
called the rave and just solve six yeah
right there
it's actually not too bad and you'll get
it though it's just it's got a must you
know I put your kids like kids in these
four movies the plays alright you gotta
kinda shut the doors it I probably might
never put the Kangoo both smart in that
race I think you're scared of failure
 too well cool let's hang out play
 monopoly thank you you go to a
bathroom you close the door cut off the
license staple into the universe we tie
edge just appeared behind you I think so
is that why would anyone want that to
happen okay you ever loved you that
watched your videos I need to know and
I'll go I'll start scrolling through
your comments has anybody actually gone
to the bathrooms a Bloody Mary three
times in here
and so I would hope that he would have
turned it into a blockbuster movie I
just I'm curious why people do that
what was the South Park episode with a
big toy a big notorious b.i.g yes the
character see I would do anything
torian's b.i.g showed up behind me why
can't that be the thing yeah I'm gonna
be like it's a biggie biggie biggie JLo
JLo Jayla what if she popped out grabbed
my ass at me like holy that's
hundred dollars for anyone go into that
room stay in there for five minutes with
a shot go check it out they probably
would be coolie are you really gonna do
it I'm gonna get the timer you're
building asbestos in your body right now
you died you went it so early I don't
know the timer
Colio only been in there for 30 seconds
it doesn't feel me that's the thing you
don't like it I would have paid you to I
wouldn't really page 18 okay know about
that going there go in there so Danny
got the old-school title visit listen
the logic so Danny got the old-school
trading movie cards this is from the
first Batman it was an unopened pack and
came with gum as you can imagine Danny
collector stickers so it's pretty motely
pretty quick
oh this is a keeper this one on the back
it's a part of a bigger puzzle so we
just gotta find more out of packs right
oh we get the Batmobile if we do it
there we go is that what it is you can
see where the gum was stuck on the card
wow you can't actually see it
okay I won't try the gum look at like it
so trav and Danny are still working on
the wedding wedding pics so we're we're
close to a yacht wedding the yacht
wedding I hired Kelly okay if we plan
your wedding I don't
that's very careful very careful what
you say yeah that's perfect in one of
these islands I know I think that's
pretty cheesy no it's I swear to God
really
$250 we got it right there it's our
wedding planning bed do you ever imagine
that Travis containing will be doing
this I didn't know probably cuz you
didn't imagine the best wedding ever
now you're gonna get it okay so that's
cool though
where does that Danny I want up some
images Danny's been researching I've got
a wedding planner presentation that I
have set up here I'm interrupting you
but I feel we could bring them along I'm
sorry sorry something like this where
everybody stays in the huts and like we
have the ceremony at some point here's a
big thing of it a lot of weddings are a
one-day thing we'll do it like yours
like a party or you'll do what I'm
saying is like a wedding planner
is what happens though no like your hair
is getting crazy and crazier as you're
talking about because I'm getting a
little more mad scientist there's
actually oh they have like to show no
they have like people you can hire to
keep your wedding for you on the spot
this guy is the best rated one I would
love that would be pretty cool hey
listen there are things we're gonna save
money on Koli is a certified of Michigan
he's probably out of all of us and most
mature so I was responsible most
responsible most spiritual me a goalie
what do the most responsible what do
they do only if it worked we have I will
literally learn the cello back me up
with a gym bag all that like super
like Duncan's could organize the - how
about we do this how about I play zero
songs on the ukulele is that what you
were doing are you serious
so under oath while you share do
wow that's deep this is not cool so it's
settled
well these it is or date midnight we're
making do it yeah I didn't know we're
talk we're still talking about the same
thing
Ali's brother his fiancee came I know I
called him asking for permission no they
were moving I don't know though nervous
I was we've also called him to make sure
that he's okay with us planning wedding
they said
you guys well they won al he's finally
here back with us
I figured as out
but she's living so here
anyway enjoy today's video
you think tomorrow we actually have a
surprise for Colorado State very
Colorado get ready for it right hot Karl
all right
Oh
