good morning Internet it's a little bit
different I know cuz I'm gonna bunk
there now I just didn't want to get up
this in the middle the night and I got
this funny video to show you the books
I didn't realize there's April Fool's
which is my opinion the most important
day because you never know what you can
believe actually on the Internet and I
would be even more annoying I'm gonna
prank Ally it's just a little bit had a
bad one
we're telling bus broke down when I put
her here this is long
so good afternoon Internet it is like
4:00 in the afternoon and it is so nice
out I decided it's nice that you're
doing work nights right but it's so nice
excited I catch them
forget it I'm just trying to get tan I'm
trying to lift the music but I kinda
have to deal with that there's been an
issue with the bus
and if they broke down so
shit
you know me too well because that way is
that why you're marrying me cuz you know
me too well yeah it's pretty close I
actually didn't think you were gonna I
didn't think you're gonna fall for it
but I didn't think you're gonna get it
right away
you're a smart cat all right well I
gotta go poop
no that's that's that's a real thing
hello oh hello oh hi oh my god I just
really got these marks to hyper-girl hi
sweetie
all right let's all calm down okay
seriously
I'm gonna go outside and explore Iowa
and its vast things that there is to do
but now I can't because it's raining no
but actually real good news
Ali is flying out to Kansas tomorrow
because her brother's out in Kansas and
I haven't seen her in a while so she's
me I'm from Kansas and she's riding on
the bus to Colorado so she'll be at the
Kansas in Colorado show and if I can
convince her longer possibly longer come
back to let her go once I got her she's
trapped in the bus but so far that's
what she thinks he's here for April
Fool's you can't place that canceled oh
shut up you doing work shut up did you
just do that dog that's your dog he's so
keen a really cool fan make Jesse
stickers that's fall right there at me
actually I have a contribution to do
this particular one everything this
there's some workings but it's mostly
toys and that's what happens like dizzy
stickies that is actually probably the
coolest thing is like my work box hold
on there we go
this is me I'm stuck by everything you
take this and the response I just
received in there but do you wash your
dryer like yeah as I kept you close but
no like why the we do bar towels and
like okay oh you don't want to looks
like think we had it we I don't want to
do it
that's fun great fun pushing I know I
want to make it orange yellow pink red I
think there's all the rain I might be
getting a cold I'm not quite sure
better not be I was walking in here and
I just want to show you guys some of the
graffiti time that we have around the
venue
I love graffiti because it was once
considered like you know not a good
thing
how's it going brother not too bad but
now it's are considered like one of
those crazy awesome art forms I honestly
have always liked Ruffini and I can tell
but I know like it's you know somebody's
for feeding on something you own and I
kind of stuck
that's cool at that point as you can
tell everyone's either coughing or
sneezing or just in bunks and I want to
come out that part of the tour will you
just dump lots of vitamin C in your
water so Sophie just got a malt versus a
shake so we were curious what is the
difference between eight shades in a
mold
yeah do you guys know the difference
we're too lazy to Google it right now
let's look at the comments tomorrow not
gonna do it not gonna do it whenever it
is delicious
now that the rain has finally stopped
and apparently I think they're supposed
to be pale coming soon I wanted to kind
of walk around before it really got kind
of bad and just kind of see where we are
exactly do that here we are at the
University and if it's gonna hail I do
not want to be outside it's kind of
interesting when they travel seeing
other cities like how some of them just
look so small like everyone kind of
knows each other kind of thing where
same Keys like millions of people
Tampa's like millions of people even
brains in Sarasota are hundreds of
thousands of people I bet your bike
I wouldn't say everyone of these people
know each other but it just seems like
it to me
like a lot of the smaller cities I don't
know if you guys know that's actually
Rebecca the future was filmed right
there at the movie theater right there
I'm just messing with I do have to give
it to was it's Iowa University
their buildings are awesome kind of
reminds me of these feet it's very very
stash us describe it just very very DC
it's the only way I can describe it
I just love as far as like architecture
I love giant columns these are so cool I
don't know what's going on let's do
shows there's like nothing going on like
everyone seems to be gone it's like it's
a weekday through every should we
classes right now
sounds pretty well it's Spring Break
holy crap I just remembered it Spring
Break right now now it makes sense
look at this do the exact same thing I'm
doing you find anything cool I just love
columns just a lot of columns a lot a
lot of columns rows yeah all I've seen -
yeah those guys right there from a gr -
the other brother
they're basically becoming like our
brother band no pun intended
they just haven't really cooled off this
whole tour and it's cool to see you know
like a band grinding like they're doing
I think it's st. Pete there it was st.
Pete there u-haul trailer door fell off
and they had like somehow screw it all
together they did it
so yeah you guys are out here definitely
go check about that cool guys so I'm
gonna try and take the girls and the
boys off all the girls in the boy for a
quick walk before I head out tomorrow my
mom is actually gonna head over here
probably in the next like really good
something that I like fly flew in my eye
my mom's gonna have it over here in the
next like half hour and pick up diesel
to bring him to stay with her and we've
got batch number two I heard of that
excitedly good I think it's the cutest
thing so he steals the best so today is
April Fool's and trap came up with an
idea I did because uh you know if you
guys have seen Jesse and Gina's uh
little prank Academy thing they were
saying that a Clark everybody and that's
a little bit of the truth but I like to
do fun ones that aren't visually
impairing so what we're gonna do tonight
is we're gonna pretend halfway through
the said that our instruments aren't
working and we're gonna get actually
like fake pissed off like yo get so many
fun the fucking crew get up here fix our
shit and everybody's gonna put their
mute on their guitars and start playing
like yo I don't have anything I don't
have anything I don't have anything and
it's probably to be more been than
anybody because he's like the stage tech
and he's gonna literally run over and
probably start like losing his mind I
think Ben's gonna punch people he might
punch people and at some point will tell
him that hey it's happy he prefers rules
I think it's gonna be a good one I
really do well we pranked them and they
parted the sea for snacks
I just
they just revamped it hold on
what you think of the prank it was real
funny to me but actually the house some
guy ended up flipping the breaker so it
did actually shut all my shit down I
just made it more believable good how'd
you get pranks do you like it how many
like technical know what a guy
I felt so bad even part of the scene for
you to come up there Moses I was pissed
I was like we've had so many technical
dishes on the floor this was such a good
show it's he earned he had two beers cuz
he was like this is such a good show
whatever well on autopilot now there was
rock and roll's like the technical
issues are frustrating but the fact that
it was a prank ever just lightened up
media
it was lose well done Dan Scott and
hopper April Fool's April Fool's both
guys happy April Fool's I hope you guys
didn't get baked out by too many pranks
and I hope you enjoyed our little prank
for this year I'm really excited Sally's
coming to tour bus and she'll be out for
a couple days so I'm pretty pumped I'll
see you guys tomorrow as always bye guys
super
be focused
three like
here
