so remember yesterday when I ran into a
stupid bench look at this
I don't know if you can see the pump on
it but I'm barely able to walk right now
I'm like hobbling around missing
yesterday's video right did this pause
right now don't watch yesterday and come
right back more guys were a couple weeks
ago I was with phil and we were shooting
that cool little video and I didn't get
to tell you exactly what was going on oh
it's playing tapping playing with the
dog they're gonna throw a ball that gets
hit by car it went live I completely
like an idiot cuz I was on tour forgot
it was live and I want you guys go watch
it it's called this week on fire and
phil and i played this game and i'm not
going to tell you who won so you're
gonna have to go watch the video and
i'll put a link in the description or
planning an annotation on this video
somewhere and you're gonna have to watch
the sea winds it's really funny the game
is awesome i'm totally gonna buy it now
that's that denote existed i'm gonna
give you a brief little glimpse of what
I'm talking about hold on everything
every single thing like hi everything
every single thing but right it's not
like the worst it's pretty weird hey
some people in that pic some would say
oh yeah everything like what you want to
do tonight oh come on over I really dad
no don't wanna have to go that the
famous musician who's gonna sing a
ballad every night that's all you guys
get so go watch it guys and I'm sorry
I'm an idiot never got to tell you it
happens yeah I'm super excited okay so I
just went and got my impressions done
for clear correct which is I'm just like
Invisalign but I guess basically what
happened is like there's two brothers
what I learned two brothers I created
Invisalign in like broke apart and one
of the brothers went and dig clear
correct so I went got the impressions
done for that today and it should be and
actually I should be getting it back in
the next like four weeks so I'm super
excited almost out of Medicine Show
Traverse boy thing out of the road and
having to fill medicine because you have
to like explain things go over
prescriptions like 14 15 times
we'll wait so pretty much always fun
of the head on the bottom gotta love the
geek squad at best buy sometimes I'm
amazed at the things that they can
recover in the things that they could
fix especially when it comes to Charles
and cameras this camera I believe was
like shattered on the back like so the
flip-up screen that you can see like
when you're doing like selfies like if
you could see what i'm doing right now
you can see that the screen which makes
it so much better so it gets blurry or
anything of that sort you can see before
you record everything and so that was
shattered and then there was something
actually wrong with the lens part where
it wasn't closing and they fixed it and
it looked like it was like honestly
impossible to fix it somehow they fixed
it and gotta love the geek squad got
that in today so yay camera fixed there
we are sorry that's helping machines
classic ones too hello friends friends
do not talk to me like that I would have
freaking knocked you out not really
in the honeys alright so you know how
ben has a fear of your hatred of these
things you had these on the rider and i
thought it'd be kind of a sweet asshole
thing to do he's gonna kill it bad what
got you something ya know do you really
want any food nice oh do you want these
assess loving this not loving it you're
gonna go and stay with your aunt yeah
you're gonna go see the grandma so
Melissa just left we did the podcast and
exciting news i don't think i actually
told you guys this yet i am going to be
flying out saturday morning to go to
Kansas City Missouri cuz I'm going to
meet up with the boys while they're on
tour but biggest thing that I'm doing
while I'm there is i'm going to be
seeing my brother and my future
sister-in-law and i haven't seen them
probably since christmas and then i'm
going to be going with the boys to
colorado we're going to go to that show
my older sister and my nephew's are
coming and that i'm going to be spending
a few days with them so it's a very
exciting weekend / few extra days my
hair looks nuts yeah that's kind of what
I'm planning on doing for the weekend so
Wow bright light bright light but yeah
I'm very very excited about it so we got
a new toy today I'm just gonna shoot fog
straight up and it's gonna look like
smoke and it's gonna be off by more than
just gonna be amazing we're to put it
right here so when hunter and I stand
here we could be like marilyn monroe
city has not
my opinion it's cool as hell but they're
annoying I mean do not look down look
down get up John so this guy just doing
like a crib style on the phone so we're
pretty much every devices ok tired sorry
I come on down wait for another back
okay now we gotta do it so digital tour
bus
the bus right now everybody's having fun
lot of self implicating right
so Danny and I are going to do our
traditional thing we haven't done it I
don't think we've done it much too soft
or no kind of busy like doing our little
adventures uh yeah no this is nice it's
back to it ya know is the coffee run
then we have the old school coffee runs
ever since I stopped drinking coffee
it's been kind of a little bit scarce it
affected our friendship I know I'm such
an asshole anyway so Sergio over here is
driving us to Wrigley Field sir jee oh
cuz there was a specific store a
specific hot dog place that we went to
last time I was really awesome Wrigley
Field and I don't know what's going on
here they were doing it I know it's like
one of the oldest number we did this
whole tour
all sales are good yesterday Oh
ballparks it's how you feeling there
buddy just by okay so we're like
freezing over here and this lady was a
girl came back she's like super rushing
like she had to been from typing master
this is more why you freezing you let
some boy like lady it's cold but my back
she a wizard like heard her jacket she's
wearing like a string like one of those
extinct tank tops and she's totally fine
with it this here Chicago we open like
these people around like this 033 honey
yeah I think this is it right here yep
this is it it has to be we're trying to
find that place where I got that I think
so actually we got that awesome Jordan
sure told you yep that's it we actually
found the place that we came here two
years ago if I can Ram over yes I bought
that Jordan shirt I was born back and
forth between that black joint shirt and
then this one so I'm gonna get this one
now I think I would get been that damn
fitness I love you I know so many Star
Wars things so um I meant to talk to you
guys about this earlier as you know i
went in to go basically get the molding
done for my teeth and it was very
interesting i have been on the fence
about getting invisalign or getting
braces doing anything of that sort for a
while just because it's I'm not like
terrible to change and I'm always afraid
that it's not going to turn out the way
that I want or you know I'm just not
gonna recognize myself I think that's
been my biggest thing is that I'm afraid
I'm not gonna recognize myself and I
went in today and it's you know you go
in it's pretty simple i mean that's
nothing crazy it's called clear correct
this is not a promotion guys this is
just me like telling you what i did and
they basically you know you get pictures
taken of your mouth and take a picture
of your bite they take picture of you
smiling and then they do moldings of
your bottom teeth and
of your upper teeth now i have like that
hit ya ahaha so that's my only crazy
tooth on my bottom but it's smart I top
and I always thought that these like
like but root it out they don't they
don't do that basically my teeth are
just kind of sitting in front of the
rest them so it's like that and I'm they
said that I have like a very what does
she what did they call it I don't say a
small bite because that's not correct
but the way that my mouth is shaped is
very small so I have a very very small
mouth so they said that it probably
wouldn't take too long and that I would
be more than ecstatic with my results so
I know if people are out there and
they're kind of debating on whether or
not they want to do this and whether or
not they want to get it done go on and
get a consult because that was my first
step and I so far so good i mean i have
four weeks until it comes back once it
comes in then i started doing it i'm so
excited about it price it's not cheap I
mean to be completely honest it's not
cheap but then I think about it and I
have been struggling with my teeth for
so long and it does cost a couple
thousand dollars but it's not something
that you had I mean at my dentist in
particular you don't have to pay for it
all up front you can just pay for it
little by little as you go into the
office so that was nice too because I
feel like most of us living nowadays we
can't just dish out a couple thousand
dollars not saying it costs time but I'm
really excited about it and I and it's
one of the biggest things one of the
only things I'm really self-conscious
about my teeth are just something I was
struggled with since I was very little
so I'm very excited about this new
adventure and see what's gonna happen ah
but I just wanted to tell you guys about
my experience and it's cool it's great
it wasn't bad no needles nothing it's
just simple is that molding some pink
molding which got all over my face by
the way like it like it was like up here
I'm not joking it gack looked like slime
or gak from Nickelodeon remember that
where the kids would like it's time yeah
I love my face
pink yeah so Danny found this little
hole in the wall best hot dogs in town
ever ever ever
Oh
what exactly is on these things there's
so much stuff on here Edwards I recover
the result must originate outside never
Kenjo brothers mustard mustard when I
catch up
who's here we got cold feet now you're
running late
I'm always late for ever get us want to
show you this awesome painting I think
it's like a charcoal painting that
somebody did I thought it was really
sweet yeah i just want to show you guys
our internet well i am going to go to
bed i'm falling on my bunk I'm gonna go
to bed right now and i think tomorrow
we're in iowa city and then i think in a
couple more days actually Ali is going
to be here on the second in Kansas and a
member which I'm really excited so I
will see you guys tomorrow as always I
guess
as a kid thank you for going that way
these two with comics and the fun in the
world the 30 old men resort to 10 years
old immediately
yeah it's like you literally walk
through those doors to shrink oh my god
