are you girls sunbathing oh there you go
go ahead and roll in poop awesome you
know I want to stop you but it's just
gonna happen
shit is going to happen Marley seriously
hi pretty girl
hey pretty girl oh now you now you so
much for giving you baths I think you're
starting to like them that's why you
keep doing what you're doing I know you
didn't know him poop I know you didn't
either we are in Chicago Illinois and
our day off Chicago and I want to be
completely honest the one thing I hate
about Chicago is the deep-dish pizza
because I don't feel like that pizza
feel like that's like a casserole it's a
whole thing but Danny reminded me as you
can see he wanted it so bad they have a
place called blames peace of where it's
like kind of like the Chipotle the
pieces where it's like thin crust pizza
you make it immediately and it's right
there it's like first-come first-serve
you design your own pizza and it's not
the kind of stuff piece I don't think it
is let's he's lying to me Danny one
that's so bad he did bump bump right out
of this bunk I'm fine
now one I think J Val and I are just
noticing that there's either raindrops
or flurries coming down which would be
even funnier if we go eat this pizza we
come out has to walk out and do the
Marshalls are something over there yeah
I keep Swiss know and the result see
it's nice and thin Thank You Ben thank
you appreciate that now good afternoon
Internet I am just hanging out outside
it's so pretty out why not I actually
just got back from the dentist cuz
tomorrow it's kind of exciting for me I
am going to go in and get a so it would
be called fitted for basically it's not
Invisalign it's like Invisalign it's
actually the same exact technique
everything is just a different company
that is not Invisalign so I'm getting
fitted tomorrow for that so I'm very
excited and it's a big day for me heizo
please do come on
comes like if I fan you is that better
oh yeah you're a goddess
will you do it - Danny you do it - they
pump you the head
that's pretty cool though it's Wi-Fi
baseball
no it's Wi-Fi it's it's Wi-Fi no it's
definitely baseball it's so dude it's so
boring if someone pitches a no-hitter
you just watch the two fat guys play
catch for four hours
watching baseball I will give you the
playing baseball is pretty damn fun but
baseball live is way more fun than
watching that I will give it you watch a
pitching battle kids an F like what more
about like handing out with your friend
a beer yeah I could do that is it a
lunatic he's oh hey Zoe oh she's so
articulate AHA so ticklish I mean like
just give me the butt pad that's all I
need oh yes stretch it out
oh it's dirty out this looks like
something from Tron it definitely wasn't
a baseball diamond it was Wi-Fi
completely wrong geez I just pointed out
there where baseball has their baseball
helmets
what are they neck and neck
I think van just met his future wife
Gabriela they're tying jokes to each
other
what was your joke again one more time
no but you loved it
I know I'm I do laughs speaking flies I
know how much you like that slinky toy
boy forget it
so because of this little tick turd he
actually grabbed that literally off of a
rack when I fell down on my head kids
just like put it back and sort of got
slime on it so of course I don't spend
an extra 20 left and I got Zoey the same
thing it's easel and then of course
Marley loves her little squeaky toys how
do you go get some dog food because they
were out in it gotta feed the dogs you
have to be the dogs one thing about
Chicago I disliked is that in every door
is one of these things
how does it feel snacks holding
everybody kids making people going that
way these two with comics and mr. funny
in the world the thirty old men that
resort to ten years old
immediately yeah it's like you literally
walk through those doors you shrink a
public version of that and like a church
things get really awkward really tired
good idea Ben I see the party is here
happy parties arrived the quietest party
yeah hi
remember this little fuzzy thing it's
like your hair just like your hair her
hair takes so long I know just growing
the string to lower perfect
so they like a nice little trip to the
guitar center the kiss of things for the
show three get some recorders and play
hot cross buns get as far as they yeah
guys I was actually trying to think of
the rest of it so that's what it is
here's my section so much goodness
that's more string that's more strings
of the guitar than the white stripes use
it's ridiculous seven nation army with
half this didn't know what the tuning
would be on that thing standard fifth is
usually be yes that's being then this is
fifth down from that so this would be
it's ridiculous
not another you'd be a d DB e a d g I
don't know if I should get this or if I
should get this one of these get the
fuck out of here
how are that even on tour I can't get
away from this frickin place
don't you want to be helped there's
gonna rip right off isn't it
don't you want to be cool how'd you sign
it poop you signed it poop and the happy
face oh you said it poop but a happy
face that's the street cut so lucked out
today we're right next to a Trader Joe's
the grocery store so I'm gonna go pack
up or now I'm using Danny's pre bought
bags so I could say there is a little
bit as I Drive around in this freaking
tour bus guzzling gas I'm really sick of
like Ben and I were just talked about I
didn't like really think of just like
unwrapping food to eat I want to have
some food that actually you don't have
to unwrap just like actually good food
there I got some healthy food Ali's
gonna be proud I kind of wanted to go
and do all the touristy stuff you know
see that silver beam and all that kind
of fun stuff but it's gonna rain the
dude and uber guy uber guy that was just
were and with Ben and myself that it was
actually possibly gonna do some flurries
and snow later tonight so right now I'm
just like like hibernating like a bear
brother all yesterday Travis went
completely crazy like clunkers and he's
cleaned everything
I'm going for the fridge now
and the food area is driving me nuts
because right is this I may be
completely done
okay that's one that's two I don't think
anybody want to try this Oh yep don't
you want to try that not even try it
oh that something's done a little bit
better eval Jonathan and I are gonna go
on a little mandate we're gonna go do
the sky tower and it's gonna be fun fun
I opened the door the door almost
freakin fell out that car I think I
broke her door I don't think she's
moving because I think her door is
broken I just told her the contact at
the pump look who's without the car like
I couldn't shut it were you pushing on
it too we had two people trying to shut
the damn door so just to recap I tried
to open the door and there was this wind
tunnel and the girls doors is a pop and
almost popped off the reason why I
opened it was because there was this
what was that noise a victim oh it was
it was her her bumper was rattling
because the wind was so heavy that was
just making that we could figure it out
done and I feel terrible that maybe not
because of me but because of nature the
poor lady who was already having a
terrible day might have an even terrible
night
to visualize the idea Graham pulled out
a handful of cigarettes and arranged
them at different heights nine bundle
tubes a stupid bench who put that bench
there I was like
you just your chins took right to it you
see I have no friends my prince or
assholes that just happens I didn't see
this stupid bench right there right
there - she's insurance buck you bench
still scared of heights I'm gonna sue
they never asked me for my permission
don't they like I said they do they look
fake
the buildings
oh that's a usb on evidence yes here's
the USB to plug it in right there
that's yeah very well
then another John gotta do this battle
your tears battle your fears buddy my
Catherine jump you're careful you can
see the class
dude it's raining not fun anymore it's
really creeped me out this is definitely
not one place I want to be trapped up
you can live it if you sit here and look
up you can feel the thing moving so I
just took a beautiful shower it was
glorious I got all the dirt off me and
guess what I'm doing now walking around
the city getting some more dirt on it so
everyone went to Chili's and I debated
it for a couple minutes i sat down and
then I remembered I used to work there
actually in early college when I started
college and I remembered I do not want
to eat there that's that it's bad or
anything like that it's just that I
actually ate there pretty much every
single day I just want to kind of figure
off and try to get something a little
bit normal
abnormal I guess I should say it's not
something I don't like to get I love how
they always seem to be on corners this
mirrors New York City except there's no
line all they're gonna regret this
alright guys well I'm gonna just my my
dinner and just one wine my favorite
show ever I have to use my iPhone right
now because we're so close to the
buildings the satellites not actually
working so I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video there's the first time I
actually got to do the 360 thing
actually really cool so hope you guys
enjoyed it and I will see as small
Zoroaster I guess so we got punched in
the face go
roll favorites and I'm just walking
through the aisle and I might be like
ultra soft office drunk needle destruct
it was that intense minute and I wasn't
feeling when she gets into that it is
tinkletown
