all right so I've heard you oh yeah
we're got the cash I've heard you guys
loud and clear I am gonna get rid of
part of this beard not too much because
I actually kind of like it just enough
to where I don't look like my face is
like 40 inches round like a big ball
there much better I guess you can't
really tell the difference except that
if you look down they're definitely good
that my face doesn't look like a giant
round beach ball that's the only thing
about beards is that makes your face
look incredibly round they're sick
otherwise and yes this is a hair trimmer
I didn't want to ruin my other thing I
woke up this morning I forgot to show
you guys
looks like Gallagher was a little bit
busy yesterday last night when I was
watching a movie I think it's pretty
honey I think you set up your own Etsy
account as I told you guys I guess it
was a couple weeks ago maybe a month ago
the house is finally sold the only thing
I have to do is like tiny little bits of
maintenance like the doors and shower
shower doors simple things so we figured
rather than hiring someone that we just
go fix it plus we fit you know figured
it's Kobe's birthday today and my mom's
sick so we're gonna bring a little care
package and bring Kobe some toys for his
birthday he's turning 13
good old Kobe whatever the party hat and
everything the little Kobe birthday bag
oh yeah just kick right now oh yeah
we're just trying to figure out some of
the things that we have to kind of clean
up oh there's my mom you broke in I'm
calling the cops
but we just have to fix a couple things
around the house all right this is your
gate whoa check it out
that's a chicken suit yeah you got to
get your ugly Christmas sweater on I
know there we go
Andy Andy mama yeah always doing nice
shirt thank you Kobe's 13th birthday
yeah we got a blues presence so it looks
like it's just little simple things like
cleaning this thank God because now we
don't have to hire simple stuff to get
rid of this thing just a little bit of
maintenance then we can move on I'll
have to keep messing with this thing
how long has it been two years almost
two years I know my mom's been crushing
it it's going in the next month wait
season February
figure out what it was Crocodile Dundee
Oh sometime but I'll see any Pete Prince
that's very good point actually you got
like the Crocodile Hunter right oh wow
that's um goes way back to look at it
watch him come on
yeah I don't see any fresh fresh I don't
know yeah no tracking no dung no nothing
I had one could be a box internal box
girl so in the three or four years I
lived this house I never once knew these
were their wings always here I don't you
remember I don't remember this are you
actually poking down there really oh my
god why does it just stop though it's
gotta be something in there or not right
now is it's like a fitnah grass as deep
as it go that's pretty deep yeah this is
weird this just went in there to hang
for a while I think it's Marley did it
yeah good old Marley did it and came
over here and just did that hey birthday
boy hey buddy
you took a birthday that's why y'all
panting we got some presents for you pal
oh jeez there you don't act like they're
13 at all yeah but there's the tree char
history I already called what day is
today
oh babe you getting on this mouth that's
my big old mouth that's what's going on
he runs it's like very birthday boy you
want the hot dog named the hot dog buddy
he's so funny no I want to get him you
just want catnip but my mom's dog is a
little bit baked look at his nostrils
these nostrils here pal
happy birthday buddy look at Rika look
wanna play with it
check it out cat
big cat kind of figure this out huh
there we go
watch your face
just figured it out I always help with
catnip innit
what a simple toy he's so simple I mean
it's literally cardboard and that
there's a ball on a plastic little track
tiny brain there you go what are you
doing
and she's pretty stoked mama tripping to
the rescue make the cat tack a little of
it well you've been up to you bud
we haven't seen you much there where you
been OOP OOP good boy
tomorrow at what time Ali 6:30 like 6:30
I have to go to the doctor the
epileptologist hopefully they can figure
out what's going on today I was pretty
good today and towards the end I kind of
felt a little weird which is kind of
weird what happens is like I think it's
like I honestly think it's something to
do with like just thinking about things
over and over again because we were in
the car driving home and for some reason
I just got this wave of I guess it might
be anxiety I don't know just I thought
about things and then when I thought
about it more it made it worse but when
I came home I just started playing bass
and my focus went right to just playing
the songs and calm down immediately
I'm story short tomorrow at 6:30 so I
have to go to bed pretty soon it's like
getting on a plane and go to the doctor
and I'm hoping for some really good news
I'm hoping maybe they'll put me on a
different medication because I don't
know if you guys remember I know I've
talked about before that old medicines
impact that I was on to what was a
thousand dollars a month that used to if
I did not eat Ali would always ask me
what was going on it was like I was high
like it was like I was high and drunk at
the same time and it was the weirdest
feeling in the world and so that's when
I got rid of in Pat it kind of went away
then once I went on this new drug called
lamictal I didn't have any issues now I
feel like I am but I don't know why so
that's the whole situation we're going
due tomorrow
I feel like I just rambled a whole lot
right there but I just thought it was
kind of interesting that the second I
started playing bass everything just
went away or just a second I was
focusing on something else
one away we'll see fingers crossed guys
anyway I'll see you guys bright and
early 6:00 a.m. I guess
