whose is this this time this your poke
yeah cleaning the lounge oh my gosh
not in service
welcome to Pontiac Michigan guys : our
thing that that bus are there that sign
is like the perfect representation of
this right now because everything's
closed and just barren it's kind of like
Detroit almost shut up early for date
work on a motion that it does they just
started building a skyscraper and then
just gave up finale in K Adventure day
okay and it's raining fun adventurous
rainy day but we're really hungry and
you guys probably already knew that so
in true Kate Natalie fashion we have to
polish our meals became this really
awesome taco place Kaelin got this
really good in Bowl and then I had two
tacos which obviously I've enjoyed but
it was amazing and on this rainy day
it's not too bad of an idea to come out
give them food so turn around do the
stage
what's that where's the green room oh oh
there we go there we go
do you guys remember when we played here
just creepy we played here at the
Summerfest store and it was Cola and I
do in the buddy system and we're gonna
go get some food I think last time where
the Kings was here who was it like Yeah
right
thank you yeah honey I was saying like
so we got punched in the face
wanna go poop oh it has come down to the
last roll of toilet paper and I'm just
walking through the aisle and I'm like
okay look ultra soft ultra strong do I
need ultra strong is it really that
intense for me and there wasn't Kaelyn
what she gets and she said it is tinkle
time exactly I didn't realize kollene
trap just told me my hair looks great
right now cuz I put some dry shampoo in
there yeah the silver foxes right here
what happened
I feel like trabb's gonna look at a dog
I don't think mine's gonna go grace it's
gonna be white you're just gonna go
white red to white yeah
jobs would be Doc Brown I think it'd be
 cool keep almost tripping
on everything very rustic looking this
right here like little things rustling
behind you in this service yeah wherever
we were in Columbus next to the highway
there's stuff there are things there's
things going on it's foam that's creepy
so remember I was telling you guys this
place is not exactly my favorite place
to play that we should probably walk in
groups I was walking to the stage for
the show and somebody's trying to steal
my glasses already we just got here so I
had to tell everyone in the walked in
here as a group hey this place hate be
negative but I just I don't like this
place such a nice venue but the area is
just not very nice cool a wine cellar
down there a cool little place we just
kind of stumbled upon in the middle of
nowhere
hello sir dogs Dean that's their Rupert
and that's Sir sir I don't know won't be
a good
gotta go get my laundry there's a random
glove and lots of glass but I still got
to get my laundry hey yellow car
Gold car yes once it's something really
really gross this is what happens when
you're in a venue and nobody knows how
to do laundry
that's this came out of the lint trap
bands just don't know how to do laundry
or they're lazy I don't even know the
difference fry both I'm just listening
to collate
uh turn Zak right now it sounds so good
down here because you know you have to
kind of like you know like when you
listen to something gonna get the the
direct sound it kind of hurts your ears
a little bit right now it's kind of got
like a nice little muffle so it's kind
of perfect I have to press C in the
house I have a couch I can hear
perfectly and it sounds great
I love Coley's voice he's got that like
very unique angelic voice it's very
unique I love it because it's it's very
Coley
so I'm sure most of you guys know that
our apart the CTFxC 18 and up group
actually a good friend of ours Liz who
helps run vlogger for every year sent
Charles and I a private Facebook message
about our really good friend of the
internet uh-huh his name was Chris and I
think I always say his last name wrong
Chris Clive's but I have met him a few
times he was actually one of the first
people that I met I think it was a
playlist it wasn't maybe a playlist but
he's always been so sweet but
unfortunately it looks as though he has
passed away and he was a truly amazing
guy I know I've talked to him a few
times but I just remember him sitting
and talking with Melissa and I one time
he was just a really really nice guy I
just wanted to kind of say sorry it
makes me a little bit emotional because
I don't know we love all of you guys
when you're all very very important to
us and heal our family so this is a very
sad but I just you know for those of you
who did not know Chris he was a really
awesome guy and he was a lover of the
Internet and such a huge supporter of
everyone that was on the internet and
and I and I wish more people could be
like him because he was a really good
human being with a good soul oh but guys
please just keep him in your prayers hmm
remember that you never know when your
last day could be here so it's really
important to make sure that you don't
take anyone for granted
be kind Jesus please be kind and loving
at your support spread good
kans he was he didn't have a channel on
YouTube called Topher Oni I'll put like
information down below but yeah so we
love you Chris and you will be severely
missed I know that we didn't get to see
often but when we did you were seriously
a ray of sunshine so thank you let list
for letting us know CTFxC 18 up group
thank you guys for being so supportive
of one another though we'll see champ
exceed thank you for being supportive of
one another but we just want us and our
love to Chris's family and let them know
that we love you and we're gonna miss
you buddy so thank you for always being
so supportive and for showing us the
good that there is in this world
get my laundry done got my laundry done
this is the end of my stupid song that's
it that's all I got other than the fact
they get my laundry done it smells
awesome
Travis week
yeah there's only so much a man can take
yeah I've never seen trafficking use
that no drag yeah I've never known trap
to go this crazy like cleaning I love it
open your shirt gentlemen guys try this
is been stressing a lot about how dirty
the entire bus days and I'm following
that wave surfing itself now let's check
the bunks okay brain away let's check
both number one Supporter on that nice
dude okay number G she built what
what is this a bomb it all my gosh would
I just touch you wet whose is this
this your bunk yeah cleaning the lounge
oh oh my gosh I think I've ever seen a
bed like like this since we've actually
gotten on the phone see it exceed what
you would you rather sleep in
travels right no just say candy that's
welcome let's test it out every day it
looks like this thank you
yeah no you don't think I should
but that yeah
that's a nice otaku jumped up like this
my brother and dad and grandpa were the
military nice that's a nice tuck I think
he does real story every day should I
guess we don't but you should you should
- computers all over it and sometimes
Zack you ever you know just go
sleep in your nurse we were trying to
figure out why everything seems kind of
familiar and we're gonna do a little
flash cut right now because I don't know
if you guys remember 2013 which is
insane we did we were doing some crazy
stupid ice shuffling and we were going
right through here the whole time
kind of a flash of memory and gang-rape
the frickin wall and flashgun hall
hockey
wait not hurt yep broken what you wanted
to do yes well it's quite awkward I was
wondering why everything seems so crazy
like like I was getting deja vu and I
remember right here Yoshi and I were
like blowing the whole confetti cannons
of cannons up
this is totally in tune
I know I look like a lunatic right now
okay this is like a new mud masks I'm
trying and it has menthol in it and it
made my eyes are like watering cuz it
was burning so bad sighs look like imma
Greg a lot they look really creepy I'm
heading off to bed and I'm trying to
make myself not cry anymore
beauty is pain they're not joking I'm so
sorry about the clips yesterday I was so
tired and I just you know what it
happens people make mistakes so V you
want to take a knife yeah you can say
goodnight to them you're like I'm hiding
you look really creepy mama I know I do
and Marley unfortunately is hiding under
the bed somewhere all right guys well
show is over it was actually a lot of
fun I forgot how much fun the crowfoot
actually is here it's such a big stage
as you guys got to see for everyone who
actually came to the show thank you for
coming and we will see you guys next
time and I think tomorrow we actually
have a day off in Chicago I actually
didn't I really didn't know we had a day
off in Chicago I just thought we had a
show but anyway thank you guys so much
for watching today's video and we will
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night bye guys
I only finished up with a shoe we all
did an incredible job it was there
anything though there you first shoot a
very very long time but they run on the
ladies everybody
