great way to start the day
sugar is sugar healthy now how much
sugar gonna put on there so I was bored
I'm tagging along with trav and Koli as
they do this radio stuff yeah I'm
actually hanging out with Duncan and
Rafael let's say your name now I'm gonna
call ya'll now no Francisco no Francois
that's right I've got your name for a
second I told you different names every
time I got your name Francois the traps
on the phone doing this business stuff
nice hell yeah yeah good good news so he
calls you Frank's Francisco see
Francois your French with me for some
reason
you turn French so French wall and I
just found this ok so start I just max
better this we still don't know how to
stop it all right I didn't press
anything last time is just stopped
where's the plug so good afternoon
Internet well early afternoon I
unfortunately have to bring diesel home
well I bring diesel back to my mom's
house because today this is really
strange that's strange it's actually
really exciting but I am doing a photo
shoot today for my friend Sabra and it's
a wedding photo shoot
coincidentally we planned it like two
months ago three months ago before well
I got engaged so three it's kind of
making me a little bit nervous just
because this is actually like my first
time ever trying on wedding dresses so
I'm gonna be wearing one particular
dress but I don't know I have a little
bit of nerves going on right now but it
should be wonderful so I'm very excited
I'm mixing the radio that's really
making radio guys solo it out whole
thing it makes I'm just like I can
understand the fuzzy ice cream coming
everything he said is so accurate like
oh like do your radio voice Kohli call
it in all your sexual advice I can give
you right now
never
and I've been here a minute I'm a little
guy you're like what radio station you
guys gonna be on I'm doing like over
there that's funny nice and man you like
mint tea so we're doing this interview
and what was your name one more time
Chris Chris Chris Davis over here there
this station right here just asked if we
knew Charlie puth and I'm just going to
apologize for Charlie right now we just
showed some old things that he did but
eight years ago for the the vlog and I'm
gonna have to give him a call right now
just give my heads-up definitely this is
Travis's fault I was the one who
instigated instigated it but it's funny
you guys know if you guys have been
watching for but all these years you
know exactly what I'm talking about I am
now on my way to go to the salon to get
like my hair makeup done for this shoot
and I am not gonna lie to you I am
incredibly nervous incredibly nervous I
haven't done a photo shoot or anything
like related to that friend Sabra is
incredibly talented her photo is always
fun it's so beautiful but I feel like I
have an awkward face and obviously you
guys know that I'm super super
self-conscious
my teeth and like super self-conscious
of my teeth and it's very nerve-racking
for me because I just don't want
anything to turn out ugly and I'm very
hard on myself about that because
obviously this is her line of work and I
want to make sure that she is impressed
and things of that sort so I'm just
super nervous I'm super super nervous
but I'm all up for a challenge so keep
your fingers crossed
which one of these five is least like
the other four dog car cat bird fish at
least like yep
the other four well cuz so different
brains work different ways a lot of
people look at that and they start
counting the letters so they're like
three letters three letters three
letters four letters only the things in
water though yeah hmm that's true yeah
yeah but let's but it carring all
happens yeah all have something in
common so you're all you could go as
vague as well ones in water and what all
for our Norland but in this case the car
is not alive it's not alive do another
one have you seen which one this five is
the least like the other four dog car
cat bird fish is the least lake yep the
other four book is it so different
brains work different ways a lot of
people look at that and they start
counting the letters so they're like
three letters three letters three
letters for letters only the fingers in
one of them yeah that's true yeah yeah
but let's but it going all happens yeah
all have something in common so you're
all you could go as vague as well ones
in water and what all four are no on
land but in this case yes not alive it's
not alive which one of these five is
least like the other four you have a
triangle a square a plus sign a circle
or an X it's gotta be a circle because
that's wrong
everything else is retracts yeah really
it's work answers d the others are all
made with straight let me be a genius I
think so let's go home
it must lead something so I gotta give
it to the surgeons they poked the right
part of my brain I think it made me
smarter Oh Francois just showed me about
this this is actually in our green room
this time the blue gold mine I got the
gold one of these putters delay is
gasping for air
typical other chance if you get jumping
in the water given its fashion because
the hoppy going
okay so here's to get up on the bride
that's the groom this is the imaginator
right here it's a bra guys go check out
all of these what's your Instagram
Stamper - tiger there you go on yours
there you go on yours
oh-ho Bridal Beauty there you go guys go
check them out we are now actually
heading out to go do the shoes we're
going to Fort to SoDo they're all coming
there Sabra she's coming and she's the
mastermind behind all of this I'm so
excited cuz it's kind of getting me a
little bit more excited about the whole
Bridal think I have no idea where I'm
going how do I get out of here I have no
idea
so we finally finish up with a shoe we
all did an incredible job
check out this sunset behind us it was
the right thing though my very first
shooting a very very long time but Sabra
and all the ladies everybody did so good
killed it turned out really well we were
worried about time but obviously time to
not matter it was sponsored by check out
that sunset it's absolutely beautiful
I'm gonna have to come up here it's like
this is like perfect it's so gorgeous it
is so gorgeous Sophie I mean there's
strings now he's gonna need those
strings
that was a neck shot and that's gotta
suck
they're glad to go on there well safety
first for you my head no glasses they're
all horrible
so catch it in the round perfect we can
end this clip and I'm satisfied
oh it's everyone I give up
I win
what zone what's up thank you guys for
the toys by the way this silly toy we're
like instantly five years old got a good
one there
gather round gang here it comes
hope you're not sipping anything what
does a pig write with
an ink pen I want that job so those nice
kids brought some Star Wars like
lightsaber bubbles and I'm gonna give it
to the biggest Star Wars fans in the
band
Jada Ellen Ben and it goes back to the
whole thing is like no mail can actually
look cool and actually blow a bubble
I've been saying that my entire life I
actually have a video with Shay and
myself probably nine years ago and eight
days I think it's like nine years old
now on the Charles Trippy channel you
probably can look at it before I could
look it up so those nice kids brought
some Star Wars like lightsaber bubbles
and I'm gonna give it to the biggest
Star Wars fans in the band
Jada Ellen Ben and it goes back to the
whole thing is like no mail can actually
look cool and actually blow a bubble
I've been saying that my entire life I
actually have a video with Shay and
myself
all right nine years ago and eight days
on the Charles Trippy Jionni before I
could look it up Kozak and I are just
gonna get some food right now I just
realized I rode the bike yesterday all
the way down here and the venue's just
down there do I remember this thing
looks kind of like the I almost did
Arctic ramps but it's not obviously but
whatever this thing is so I just got
home from the shoot and I'm back to my
normal hair so Val I know I know
it was so much fun it was so incredible
Sabra and her entire team are just so
incredibly talented and honestly being a
part of that say was kind of interesting
because I know it was my first time
trying on a gown so it was I don't know
can't be con all of the fields when I
had so much fun I had two bridesmaids
and I had a fake husband guys just for a
few hours and it was very cool I had a
great time I send some pictures to char
and he liked it it was incredible so
much fun it's so beautiful being out
there
I wish I could've shot a little bit more
but I want to just give you a tiny
glimpse of what was going on so I'm
gonna say good night I'm exhausted but I
had a good thing all right guys we'll
see you tomorrow bye this is where I
find you guys
do you guys tell creepy this guy is
right now it's insane right look at that
I'm on the phone with Ali and she was
telling me about the bridal shoot she
just did the wedding dress shoot yeah
fun babe that just worked out perfect
she sent me some photos that you guys
can't see right now which he looks
absolutely freaking stunning you saw
some things but I think you look
stunning honey and I cannot wait to see
you and your actual wedding dress we do
have some planning to do don't we I did
kind of like the one you were wearing
them I love you too baby
all right go to bed I could tell you're
freaking tired I'll see you tomorrow
honey oh no I won't fuck I won't see
tomorrow I will see the vlog tonight
all right guys was that a yawn
yeah all right guys well after that I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night bye
so
you
