today's our day off and we have a hotel
so I want to try to take them take a
shower I got to find it
I don't know it is a freaking throw away
so happy Easter everybody I am over at
my sister's house and my mom and I came
outside to shut my sister's gate and we
came by this plant and realized that
there are like little caterpillars
everywhere on it but look at this this
gosh I'm just eating the vine away
they're kind of creepy looking because
he is I can get on just like eating the
vine and it's really cool oh my gosh it
is so cool just looking to eat so crazy
they're huge
yeah it looks like they're eating all of
our plans which this one yeah okay
that's so crazy they're creepy looking
look really creepy so today is gonna be
kind of funny because as you guys
probably have already noticed a Duncan's
favorite superhero of all times it's
Batman based on every president we've
always given him over the course of the
years I'm sure you guys already figure
that out and guess what comes out today
so we're probably gonna go do that he's
thinking he's like a school child right
now he's so happy
this is our kill time
this autumn killing time is apparently
the giant overpasses in a pretty good
land since everyone's already seen
Deadpool I figured I'd just go kill some
time until everything so you know just
go chill and get away from everyone for
a little bit because we could be on a
bus with 12 other people that gets you a
little bit just when you were in a tiny
little area with everyone for only three
weeks you kind of want to just get away
from everyone so this is me just getting
away and then I'll meet up with everyone
for like dinner know Easter dinner I
completely rewrite it was actually
Easter until all the tweets they
completely pays to come see movies late
I'm talking low there's no freaking
theater
Macallan was a master chef and cooked
what do we have been baking my mom
baking this okay well Calum you were a
master chef so these are twice baked
potatoes as I'm on babe baked beans and
what's in there in ribs knit same three
to seven a few people over and have a
really good Easter lunch dinner in rolls
kiln you did good on the rolls yeah
they're like this homemade Hawaiian oh
yeah okay let me bake this very
delicious cheesecake
oh it's from scratch she doesn't know
what she made about some things she
found some ingredients in her cupboard
it was just like you know why this might
work that's just me
let's just have a sock cat food and then
my mom got Kaitlyn and I is really cool
jelly beans and chocolate yummy jars
I call him yummy dresser that really is
a yummy Josh just got done watching the
movie it was too awesome I really liked
it now I got to go back into this chaos
that is bit tour bus
and see what everyone else doing Ally
just sent me in the easter video look at
least I'm gonna show you guys it's so
cute she's such a cute person
this is from my lovely fiancee so she's
weird say I made the mistake of opening
in the movie theater and scrambling to
turn it off before everyone noticed and
yelled at me it then makes this I buy
him dinner for tonight
we didn't have a stipulation if you
missed it though I think it sort of
thought about that having flashbacks to
walk though right now
it smells like kool-aid
and so awful that getaway to go to the
movie theater is still worth it
I love touring sometimes it the smell
literally so we just got done with
Easter and it was awesome I'm so
incredibly full and definitely ready to
get home and oops I got my bag right get
home my leftovers gotta go home with
leftovers get on to the dogs and chill
out because I'm ready for a lazy Sunday
I have been going going going and I am
ready for some relaxation but the food
was great again I am definitely 150
percent in a food coma or on the way ooh
I got an idea
walking around it saw some bikes let's
do that last time we try to do that what
was in Australia
are you that don't
cars are very ways like defensible
to the point
let's go on a bike ride guys I think
that's the most expensive bike I'd ever
freakin ride like Homer must kill burn
we must kill burns
that's a cool building
now that can go to Ohio the place of
buildings amazing
Oh in giant butterflies Martha is here I
just thought I thought this is kind of
cool it's actually a painting of a
painting you guys might get mad at me
brother be completely honest Columbus
it's freakin boring here this is think
nothing to do I think the campus move
around it maybe I'll try to go fine man
but I'm a child
ignoring my stupid jokes I see the
childish jokes get it cuz it was High
Street
yeah and that was a STONER on the screen
I am so clever now who's the genius then
Khalid ought to walk all the way to the
bus sometimes they come up with good
ideas sometimes Park hog hog come on my
little lunatics that's quartzite and
there she goes look what's your step oh
hi though hey pretty girl
hey baby Heidi you guys smell cute cats
smell the cute cats I'm so full and now
I have to go take the dogs for a walk
but I'm kind of in that mindset where I
just ate and all I want to do is take a
nap so I want to lay on the couch and
not do anything and I wish I could have
some type of robot just walk them around
the neighborhood but unfortunately
that's not like this so I need to take
them soon though because it looks kind
of gross out I'm not sure if it's gonna
rain or not but I definitely need to do
something especially after all that food
aid so my mom is also like the best mom
ever
it's Easter candy every single year
every single year and this year she of
course gave me you know jelly beans and
then dub milk chocolate I love her I
love you mom even though I definitely
don't need this I still love it and I'm
not gonna deny it
so thank you mom I love you okay I know
we're gonna have a muscle life right now
stronger guys
that's inhuman the thief's son Columbus
why do they have a common statute
these trees are everywhere here it's so
pretty
perfect park well guys I hope you had an
amazing Easter that was really nice to
just kind of chill it kind of unwind and
just get away from everything right now
I think we're literally like yep halfway
through this tour and we got halfway to
go hope you guys have been enjoying the
videos and I will see you guys tomorrow
as always bye guys
grandpa never candy
