was an abandoned church they turned into
a venue I think that's really cool you
know rather than things just like going
to waste you know Billy just like
falling apart turn into something new
something cool something useful instead
of just being a dying building in late
today we're playing in a church which is
kind of funny that's how we use to start
playing shows back of the day it's the
only time we could actually play a show
was actually in churches because elta
then use in our local area we get shut
down for some stupid reason so it's kind
of funny I was just doing like three 180
or 360 to be completely around for like
a 180
can I weird that's awesome
haha that's awesome that is very
creative that's amazing why the disco
ball I like I once hanging lower than
the other what do you sound like seven
beers like a football next order you
guys have ones hanging lower than the
other is it like a testicle to my think
it's a testicle jogos reaching for thank
you for acknowledging again get your
destiny Vince got some time off so we're
just walking around with Easter Bunny
biggest grapes I've ever she's got some
big grapes here but we're in downtown
Pittsburgh or side town Pittsburgh where
we're in Pittsburgh let's just say that
hello is that little red ball mount
it's kind of cool you're not someone to
me there's a bunch of bridges if that's
what they're famous really like the
bridge city o city producers I did not
know that you know who would love a
pirate flag
graham fun did this for Kinsley when
she's older I get that for Ben Bruns
when he can fit in one jesus Givens
online that's distracted by the candy
shop
who eats black licorice Oh what star
wars Pez dispensers
dude what wait wait what my eyes deceive
me right now okay now i see why they may
have taken that off the market and 60
grams of sugar in one of these just one
of those three grams of sugar in one
search for serving or in what / camp
there's one can I'm gonna say 50 50
grams of carbs and 45 minutes ever 56
sugar isn't it would have got one
percent juice gene phone that doesn't
work those me yeah oh you gotta seal
that part money-conscious there we go
took a while I'm so happy man yeah right
it's worth it I thought this green gummy
bears Jesus Christ they got smart and
they isolated everything yeah like
someone's with someone really likes
green gummy bears exactly it's like
we're kids in candy stores buddy walk a
look up even if you hit your head you
wouldn't be too upset
SI unit that upset so then I go out the
adventurer off into the city we come
back with nothing but sugar in a pirate
flag at a pirate flag that's the kind of
dudes we are so I just bought these I
know they're totally gonna work
how the x-ray another hit now
we'll go find Duncan right now you will
subscribe and like this video cross-eyed
go back and forth that's crazy been
moving yeah yeah those make it we go
cross eyed look at this little tiny hole
hey easy to get tell them to gaze into
spirals of glass insurance
yea though I walk into the door before
when they are we now we're all each
individually going to buy them a large
sweet tea and bring it up my man you
will get me a sweet i will get Charles's
wit a nigga wow hot if you're there
ray-ban sit down hey buddy so you guys
getting trapped six sweet tees maar
number one
who wants to try this with me I'm
concerned there's no way I drink it all
this where did you pull you into the
King story with the grandpa grandpa
candy right grandpa joe candies don't
wanna show my brown sugar is something
like a fine wine
and they appreciate it Felicia mediator
drink it hold on guys like you hold your
neck now I just gotta hang one more
errand it's like there's like found you
someone be partially yeah if they're
smart for a Google yeah what rainbows in
them the equivalent you guys are just
drinking 40 grams of sugar in that
little bit not enough one more
the show
evidence of soccer chaga universe
good rest
photo shoot look at dunkin go over here
my album looking rap album
was it called blink love this
bling-bling cars hot lightly please koko
already coming to the show way to go
buddy breaking stuff
I guess why come out to say hi to
everyone cuz i just met Alexander Diaw
girl her daughter let's see their
daughter right there please do not sue
me you turn it down my name is Charles
kids do that yourself at home but right
okay one or two about your bum please do
that trapezoids hold on your arm your
shirt on thur work at wickedly do this
unless I can smell her hair now it's
fucking gross only on tour buses all
right snow so bad Chuck Oh since jay
bell and I both have pizza tattoos we
decided this would be a smart worry to
end today but we're gonna take one
straight to the back he's so skinny you
can just take it right back there Ali
this for you holy shit out and then
crush it oh my god they didn't under
oath teri Okita I missed it I was
getting pizza for everyone
guys one see the rest you'll watch it on
Danny's so good well I am going to say
goodbye to Pittsburgh and we have a day
off in columbus hope you guys enjoyed
today's video is pretty freaking awesome
and saying that we actually played
inside a church the renovated churches
like that anyway I'll see you guys
tomorrow always have a good night hi
guys
fine
you
