so cool okay my gosh I feel so bad for
these guys right now it's okay honey
they are so frightened by this
thunderstorm that's going on and they
are not leaving my side what so every
sorry so so it's kind of having the
worst time out of all of them she she
seems to get a lot of anxiety when she
hears the lightning it's okay it's okay
it's so sad too when dogs are you know
freaked out by thunderstorms because I
feel like it's so hard to figure out
what to do to comfort them but I guess
just snuggling up to them and just let
them know that you're there it's the
best we can do and I think they
appreciate it and it's good girl good
girl all right let me show you out front
maybe that'll make you feel better here
I'll try on the light the dog crap bear
don't like someone's gonna be Travis
gonna be going into the bay
yeah I'm saving it save it for later but
hey guys so early Hey well the Kings are
playing love so I got this yesterday and
today and I had to show you guys and I
was so sweet somebody made some little
photo books I think they're called their
photos and it's like a book I thought
it's the sweetest thing in the world and
I had to show you guys
what I always try to do is I always try
to digitize these as well just in case I
end up losing which I never do is always
end up in the house but just so i have a
digital version on my phone i just
wanted to show you guys
it's a blast from the past
you guys made two of them which is so
awesome you guys are so like honestly
guys whenever alli and I are get like
kind of upset or sad we just look at
things like this that you guys make and
it really cheers us up so here's the
other one
like one of my favorite photos actually
so I just have a comb ah crap i was
hoping i have a package that's coming in
today and it's still not here and i've
been waiting for for actually like two
weeks I thought my tracking number that
I print about the track today but not
here yet all right hang on oh my god
everybody hears you did you guys see
that first Marley come I guess it's cuz
I biggest first Marley I'm like when
should jump at me and like fill the
couch then diesel jumped over the back
of the couch okay every up digging that
you do let's go yes nice give you that
toy Lizzy's in here come on whooping
let's head you crazies
secret doors well
that sounds work it's not taking my
money yeah take it take it I try to ask
Ben for a quarter see gives us this have
candy uh guitar picks some pennies lip
soul which is the best chapstick hold on
this might be okay so there's more candy
you're like you're actually here no more
than the two dolls in a sharpie hi guys
okay candy sharpie a flashlight here's a
dollar I'll take all that I can't even
Andy you can if I know it's like 20 yeah
I need the candy tap sticker to take
everything else all right front wall by
the way his name's offense wat is called
that a trance won its first of all as
far as I called him it's actually
Frankie for Frank bike home Prince wha
everyone gets a call him a different
name you can totally cheat on the
outside one why would you even be mother
that's all I actually got kicked out of
pirates cove no you are the kids evil
when I was a kid I got kicked out of
place called Pirates Cove kinda like
step out of the house just for a hot
second because oh my gosh I had to get
one of these I don't know if you guys
have ever had these ok whole foods make
see this turkey and Swiss panini oh my
gosh it's like buttery bread and so
yummy I'm so I was get a whole line cuz
one for lunch i want for dinner yeah i
get a lot of like cool like kombucha
drain some coconut water fun little
things like that they're so yeah step up
for a second and I'm telling you it's
like they think I leave forever food so
key when I come home and they're just
like so crazy excited I cannot believe I
just got that on tape all that marley
falling off the couch diesel jumping
over the back of the coach to jump on
top of me ya think it's a quarter how
much you miss dude
I put two two fighters my dollar dollar
dollar crisis all right first off I won
you won I won even will be seen ed one
oh god no what you do it like a sucky
you know what I just saw what
there's a change machine so it was more
fun now sophie was it more fun change
machine wow that's actually pretty sad
what who said sorry you sorry I heard
sorry what was that for so much was that
my phone Siri Tom there was something
that perfect
whoa that wasn't even an even duh like
thousand either it was just 900 it was
like annoying you know I think you took
like I said I think you took my balls oh
yeah that's why I like we're missing one
a good game oh good game sir it's crazy
perfect score that's insane Nicole is
getting his shoes resoled right now oh
man I'm calling you out buddy wear
sneakers like this I don't know how to
look at you right now you should see the
look after a stranger's you know this I
looked over to like check something like
noodley sounds like it's something that
obvious to all right so Danny and I are
gonna go get some food this is emily
wright and andrew okay the shortest
around the area and we're going to a
place called Amelia's akita rate right
Takia I'm so sorry hi
you driving the bleep complete focus is
that focus enjoy the show
you
all right guys it is a long day I am
freaking exhausted right now so I will
see you tomorrow really fall over
tomorrow hold on tomorrow we're gonna be
in Pittsburgh so that's gonna be fun to
I'll see you guys in Pittsburgh never
get out guys fight you be younger is
snowing right we did you're always
scared to tell that story because now
that we are actually contracting
poor mother works over like oh my gosh
what kind of lie to do through runs the
tormented five times we've snuck into
our very first book to hang the ticket
come on we told up and we're palak shy
there was evaluated he confused life
that's pretty awesome can you all come
together
