not cold my ass there's snow
right here I wake up this morning I'm
like is it cold and beds like nope
hey don't fall be that's disgusting see
it's cold you're right it doesn't have
to be
go for it I was still pretty fun oh
we're going to the city a little early
cuz Ben wants to go to my favorite place
be an H and get some camera stuff or I'm
gonna go look at some camera stuff I
don't know what he's in here this work
stuff though the only days closes today
it is the 24th what that is this a bad
 luck raid their hat always of
Manhattan and it's closed at acosta
but we'd still need to go to church
supply yeah we can still do stuff
everywhere in the city so we can deal
still do sneak Chinese food or here
Shake Shack shake shack okay I was
trying to be sneaky about it oh boy
looking red hot rod court been this is
my life we're looking for a case for Ben
and his computer he's got an imax so you
can do all the multi-tracking to record
the band and we're kind of kind of case
so he doesn't break it or so it doesn't
get broken i should say he's not like me
so it doesn't get broken and as the
assault B&H is closest randomly today
just today just today just god hates me
what are these ancient things I just got
here you guys look sold out that's good
news give me a big freakin show ya head
Ben you'll be up there I don't know if I
could throw my picked that far ah
rebounds accepted me I know out the wing
it up there
oh there we are so if you let me see
those bags you got ahold of like that
you gotta walk in there and get the bus
is leaving so I'm gonna bring their
stuff in
and we got to go to an AOL interview
which is going to be cool because I just
want to go the whole time and you need
two day enjoy that joke you won't do it
I'll do it all right see you buddy all
right Rollins ear I never thought I'd be
here throwing up coming internet ending
up here so apparently Facebook's in this
building instagrams in this building a
cup of packaging post in this real name
a bunch of other a well obviously and
we're about to go do
we're just going to keep doing this
today I can get in it he isn't this what
Harrison Ford jump in in the latest
Indiana Jones
most of us have not found the chance to
do and that is to see how to yes you can
tell that guy's got see it's not like
it's never how was it or like hey it's
always just how on earth did you get to
tell us how on earth did you get tickets
it happen again here's the secret start
a band pass on to our fans want to pass
on to our families things like that so
you just start kind of thinking about
all the amazing adventures that you've
been on that you've been so blessed to
be able to do and that's kinda like why
the song meant so much to us is because
it inspired us to want to inspire
morning that's great to hear i mean how
do you turn a song antioquia hip-hop
song whatever into a rock song in a
console how does that work for you guys
I don't know it's probably the hardest
thing that we've had to do because the
actual Broadway is Jim at aside so it's
like it's like this won't think you're
like how can we turn that to a pop song
and so we should be in the play that
were really hoping that Len is seeing
this is my potential you were kids
you'll be younger you like snow into the
warmth or essentially right we did and
we were always scared to tell that story
because now that we are actually
contracted
to to perform on the work tour we're
like oh my gosh what if kind of lino who
runs the Torah don't sit what if he
finds out that we snuck into our very
first world tour without paying for
tickets come on we told him and we're
kind of shy and nervous about it and he
used like that's pretty awesome how do
you all come together to put together an
hour well we're now like we're separated
so much wheat or about 10 months of the
year so we are constantly on the road
living in closer quarters and you guys
have ever imagined how did you initially
develop the sound of your music because
yes you I don't know if you started out
with song lyrics and then had it music
but how to decide what you wanted the
sound room and feeling
that's a really good puzzle to ask that
question I don't think we've ever sat
down and said like hey we want to sound
like this or we're even chose a van and
long as a sound like we just hunter
grabbed a guitar or Chloe grabbed a
piano and Danny tried to grab the trunk
KITT Charles with police and we were
like let's just kind of try to write a
song and see what happens and it just
organically kind of became that
society's I think the best answer is
that it's really who we are like we love
upbeat music we're all hopeless
romantics and so that's running for the
lyricist or the lyrics come from and
then like the style of music is that you
just what we wanted to play at that time
it just so happens to work together
weird new sign kohli right next to
Stephen Jenkins hits my one take it like
that there's a lot of cool people on
here so many names I can't even read
them I was Paris
Thank You Charles in your pocket ya got
a little Wi-Fi on there
they've been there since the beginning
all right so we gotta do sound check and
then we'll see if i can get this camera
replace but it's totally screwed up and
every time i have to get it to work I
have to smash it against my body and
Frank our front SWA Frankie over there
cringes every time I do it it's all
because Ali dropped this camera before
leaving for this tour but it wasn't my
fault for once we're ever show you guys
it's yesterday when he was playing so
hard he went right through the kick drum
trying to tone it down tonight yeah you
know make a little easier to an optical
replace kicks that's actually pretty
crazy right through just as you guys
didn't know I totally meant to do this
too but Travis and Danny got to go see
Hamilton yesterday and as they were
going they sent us in a group text
saying that they met Jennifer Lawrence
right there and they got her to do the
other way the city the way the Kings
symbol or the way the Kings sign yeah
but basically trying to trick all of us
and I did some super sleuthing and I
figured out that this me being the nerd
I put on my computer I found out it was
like image roll number 19 and I that's
how I found out they were lying other
than the fact that everyone else knew
was for World Water Day I believe it was
but uh yeah no I thought that was kind
of funny I can't just go along with the
rest of everybody interesting that cave
walls a fan and she might be who knows
the color was very happy he was like oh
my corn she's unicorn my book I like to
believe it's true though well guys first
clip of the brand new camera so I will
try not the danny try not to break my
camera this time okay
Thanks wall don't break my camera time
how's it going brother oh thank you is
your name Lacey Lacey every man i was
just talking to Ali and I had to go up
in flames because this city I know it's
all in grids but I get so confused as
want to make sure I'll go in the right
direction it looks like I'm going in the
right direction yep hey shake shack I
want to go to shake shack so bad where
that line looks terrible spin of course
came bearing snacks back ah I think
we're all like vehicle like talk
technical shows from O'Connor grumpy I'm
grumpy and the best way to cheer me up
cupcake is tasty we'll treat you look
like you like for real this is the best
way to be happy oh you just brush your
teeth yeah I know I com pany one's
perfect okay ready for this yeah no no
let the bad that's a bad sign oh I'll
show the gray right there's everyone
hiding over there
ah Hannah knows button up shirt night at
the douche club boy shut yo yo whoo
lovely this is a jacket yeah my chill
ha
alright guys so New York City sold out
was an amazing show before I go Danny
learned an awesome magic trick and he
wants to show it to you guys before we
go to bed it's just I found this knife
it's like a pocket knife on the floor
it's a black one it's kind of cool i was
thinking about keeping it but the only
problem is I when I fight wave my hand
around it it just it turns white and I
don't know like how to like fix that
soon
another nice my pocket that still
fascinates me you've done it twice now
that I'm still fascinated got a great
kid he's trying to help us find it right
now so he's doing nothing
I'm gonna give them myself though don't
you I'm going to do the bath Ivan
x
