member
so the bus had the park super far so
Duncan I rode with the bus to park I
decided to ride in style get to the
venue everyone else not the wall and
we're here
I don't know I think this might be the
place so good afternoon internet how I
shouldn't do that um do you ever like
lay really weird in bed and you like
wake up in the morning we have this like
terrible cramp or kink in your neck I
could feel it it hurt so bad every time
I turn a certain way it hurts so bad and
I've been like trying to rub it out
which sounds a little provocative but I
really haven't been trying to get this
like not out of my neck and it's killing
me stage is looking nice killing some
time right now because I think trav and
Danny went to Manhattan to go see
Hamilton and I think they only have the
two tickets available or something like
that because it's been sold out or
whatever so I wanted to stay back and
just sleep in so I'm just right now
trying to walk around fitly and find
some food I'm trying to find a pizza
place I remember that one place was like
Lorenzo's that was the place that Jesse
was always you know talking about so I
just went south to Vienna and i must say
that you can tell everywhere that spring
break has begun there are a lot of
people that are well
drunk at three in the afternoon so yes
welcome to spring break in Florida
found it so you think I got a piece of
pizza right nope two slices of pizza
freaking massive while I'm on tour
obviously can't see Ali every day so I
literally went on my downtime I just
kind of sit and I watched the vlogs and
just kind of like you guys and just see
what what she's up to so I'm watching it
today we're going out faster we're gone
through I've been watching Ali trying to
give the dogs a bad that's it make you
laugh because I know seven miles over
let's say the one thing that sucks about
when the weather's beautiful here is
that you were dealing with constant
traffic that is just like that every
single place that you go especially if
it's like spring break or summer time
anything of that sort you are constantly
sitting in traffic doesn't matter what
time of day it is there's always traffic
his laser beams oh yeah sharpies her
crazy
I didn't say yes how about you always
you're so the cameras break the cameras
not always on but every time I turn it
on your singing something just so
happens yeah okay Jonathan megamode
point down can I count of three was all
I'll go up okay one two nope that's two
goes to 1 2 3 up look at that that looks
pretty good you can keep your job yeah
not fired take a blue highly made it on
24 de Soto and I am going to try and run
as much as I possibly can it's actually
a lot hotter out here than I expected
but it's a nice change of pace not all
machine so I like it
so this is like my favorite area of the
entire Beach just because it's got two
gorgeous view the skyway and I have to
tell you it's not too terrible of the
veal
so I'm going to kind of walk over to the
touristy area where the liberty bill
things like that just be a super tourist
today I always loved how old
philadelphia looked just because out old
it actually is every time I'm here I
always think that I'm like Nicolas Cage
I'm looking for Benjamin Franklin's like
optical glasses I was test with that
movie sometimes I tend to forget like
how beautiful it is around here and can
I kind of take advantage of the fact i
live in this type of area I don't come
to the beach as much as I used to thanks
three something that was like quite a
ritual in my life is I would go to work
dude whatever I would do and then i
would meet my friends I beach didn't
wonder what time of the day it was even
for this early morning sometimes I would
go really early and go running and then
at night you know I'd even go the Sun
would set because it's just so beautiful
and it's kind of nice think being out
here because I honestly I haven't been
out this way in so long except to take
the dogs to the dog beach so it's nice
to cut like be out here when the
weather's really beautiful and kind of
remind myself of like what I have around
me and that I need to make sure I take
full advantage of that this here I'm
going to continue my run I have like a
mile back that I need to take so I need
to get going cuz the park closes very
soon you want to go through cities like
this like Boston or anything like that I
always just kind of like imagine or
trying to picture myself back what it
looked like maybe like in the 1700s
eighteen hundreds back when the first
was developed you know before they had
skyscrapers and things like that when it
was just you know horse and buggy you
know just scrape everything off and try
to imagine it it's kind of like what i
try to do
gonna think because it's me it's amazing
how these buildings were built back then
with very little you know like
scientific structure or scientific ideas
you know I'm trying to say like now we
have all this crazy computer stuff or
were able to build all this giant like
skyscrapers but just some of these
things like he's building what it's
called cobblestone roads
are the most annoying roads ever to
strive on
pretty cool though example right now all
these buildings originally it was just
discussed off this was a giant courtyard
like what it would look like let alone
smell like here's something interesting
in all the years they've come to
Philadelphia I did not know once that
this was the original or not the
original the third presidential house I
just thought it was like kind of like a
design which is like one of the old
mansion do years I've been here I've
never once you learn something new every
place you go they had a lot of flat
screen TVs back then I managed to
persuade them to let me in even though
they're technically closing negative 1
minute ago so we're gonna check
everything out
giant oh it's cool my best in favors in
class was actually history
how can and I are trying to find some
Yeezys right now just for the Soul fun
of trying to find some Tiffany right yes
Tiffany's trying to help us find it
right now Sophie's doing nothing to help
I'm not improving either you're just
doing emissary gonna your loved ones
here and throw them in the closet
there's game I'm gonna give it up over
Celta Duncan so I'm gonna do a vice I
would I would approve of that one cuz
I'm gonna wear them every day I'm gonna
wear them everyday it wear them to bed
and then I mean nowhereman an hour a day
every day this is really funny could
actually have a toothbrush yeah then
that would I hire somebody in there yeah
Zacks gonna be in here your head like
you're right now I've never seen Coley
and a converse shoe in my entire life
it's squeezing those toes they're in
there it works fully honest it's so
weird yeah see I don't work they're not
that bad I think this would be weird I
couldn't do this dude you could you I
like how you check the gene into the
wood I bet didn't mean to hey you know
what's in that Cup kochira let's go it
but what nickel 0 it's coke zero cope
with zero okay if I mean this in I'll
chuck it or if you miss it you have to
chug it what would know each other which
we should you I dealer's choice if you
miss it you have to juggle mr. you can't
move it if it's mess
vishay either way you'll make double
tonight yeah you make it oh ok
Jacqueline's choices Jacqueline's choice
you you came with a lot haha what is
enjoy drinking this Jane old wife hahaha
shame Oh with all your drinking yes see
you later hey buddy how are you doing hi
Charles I tried I got a story to tell
you guys after the show remind me to
tell you it basically involves some
asshole friends we're your best friends
which is sad that those are my best
friends if stories really fun I'll tell
us what you got come on
alright guys well Koli and I are
devouring some pizza right now and
saying goodbye to philly guy there's no
okay pizza's here Pizza Cheers I feel
like eight have beaten I think we did
cheers piece of cheers I'll see you guys
tomorrow is I don't know night guys
