your one-man band up here
that's that's a hefty amount of alcohol
that is a party right why is it wearing
an end user try yelling it it's sad a
couple hours to kill Fletcher I'm kind
of walk around Maryland well we got done
with everything at like 445 and the
aquarium show that shuts out at five so
I'm a little bummed but I think there
might be a ripple around here so maybe
I'll stop in this it's free and just to
see if this really is that much
different so Kayla and I just killed it
when it came to working out I'm cool
thing about the gym that I go to and
censorship where I can bring like a
friend or family member who doesn't have
the membership pretty much whatever I
want which is really nice because
sometimes going to the gym with a little
boring and kind of repetitive and I feel
like when you have somebody there and
actually motivates you a little bit more
to push harder which some people need
that I need it every once in a while and
it's kind of cool too because Kaitlyn
and I are like setting goals and like my
body transformations cuz that's not it
but I like getting healthier yeah
getting healthier because Kayla and I
used to when we were younger like an
elementary school in high school or like
in a ton of sports so we're constantly
working it out constantly doing
something active and then as we've
gotten older obviously jobs get in the
way life gets in the way so we're just
trying to like readjust ourselves some
fun he'll find this guy like that word
healthified we're trying to tell safai
um ourselves and get back into like a
you know just a better way of living
most delicious protein shake ever skip
bananas and strawberries almond butter
and almond milk and it tastes
like heaven this guy seems to be
everywhere
ok
well their love affair
Oh
I had no idea that these were back in
style Caitlin now there's Ariel leg
warmers I have no idea who is Sofia the
first do you even know who that is all
these new there's Tinkerbell she's now
pretty cool who's this I don't know who
that is wishing that's that's who's that
that Sleeping Beauty yeah yep and then
Cinderella look at that cake I could
have your very own really cute leg
warmers oh look at Snow White why don't
they say who they are on there I don't
know oh and Belle love it never would
have thought I mean I've had all these
cool things when we were younger name
nothing I probably ever wear those but I
remember the windows were a fad back in
the day I remember this guy this may
have hamburger grease that's new I've
never seen this one before this is kind
of ironic I'm digging I love this stuff
that's cool
this is how Galen could test out what
kind of hair cell she wants because
she's gonna get her hair cut I want to
get on brain maybe I should just maybe I
should go for that rainbow hombre what
do you think about Matt go look that one
up there it's that t.o.o huh some people
can pull it off I can't throw up in my
mouth I can I don't think I'm gonna be
that drastic but if I do I'll make sure
I just buy a wig from here I don't know
if you guys can see this balloon in the
distance where's attack can you see it
nope it's like not even coming into
sight with the camera there it is okay
there it is no joke that thing we walked
this guy's like hit the string for his
bling because he was walking out as we
were walking out and he was saying that
it was his 36th anniversary of being
married and we would call me little
gratulations and that belen as soon as
he walked outside that thing blew off
and was gone and I don't think you guys
could tell it was so far that was
literally like 10 seconds seconds after
it came off of the string shot oh yeah
booty chief mmm
you just enjoy finding that's how I
actually how to skate otherwise I was
like stuck in that thing forever oh my
god I remember having to do this crap
like a toothpick bridge for like
architecture of class let alone do this
this is insane see it's all to fix Sin
City harbor bridge remember when we go
to the actual warehouse we actually hold
these things are the long face what I
have to say that the Baltimore believe
it or not isn't that good compare the
other ones and it's fun but it's not
very big i think i'm just spoiled a
little marley Dominis thing is that dog
was barking at everyone just like Marley
I'll be right back I'm gonna be outside
it's just a cup I'm gonna plant some
plants some pots and plants pots and
plans and then guess what I'm gonna do
you guys are all getting that yeah you
especially miss you stink so I went and
got some plants as you saw earlier at
home depot alright so there you go let's
see if these bad boys will stay life I
don't know I just lost it that this is
so cool and so pretty and i just i don't
know i'm i'm obsessed with Nick obsess
is trying to keep plants alive so my mom
did give me like ivy a long time ago and
I still have this like Ivy right here
and I know if you can see it's like
hanging out in a wine glass and I are
like a wine bottle kind of thing and I
thought it was so pretty those are
surviving apparently this comes and goes
and that's the Venus flytrap but I don't
know if it really comes we goes but
here's my next attempt I do have a house
plant that's still alive I even have
some plants outside that are still alive
biggest accomplishment that has got to
be the work get over there because i
guess like for most people orchids don't
survive it's fried for me like you
because I've never touched you but up
and I have this cactus right here that's
still kind of a life I love being a
tourist
just walking around finding touristy
things only thing I need is a fanny pack
a visor and some fluorescent pants
come here right
what what time
she's like avoiding me at all costs come
on Zoey we kind of just ignoring me like
screw you
you
oh I'm tired that was fun now a lot of
fun no you had the gift peanut butter on
me the gym so obviously it finished that
I told chart that I wanted I wanted to
be something really I don't know fun and
for some reason a cactus off to my mind
Sam may now I'm painting a cactus well
actually drew that all with permanent
marker and then I'm painting this like
cool gold yellow around cuz I kind of
want to put something really fun and
funky in our room like over my corner so
hopefully it turns out pretty well
complete I love it I love it love it
love it kind of simple but I think it's
really fun well guys Baltimore Maryland
is in the bags hope you guys enjoyed
today's video and is an ally like one of
the best I told you guys to ally contain
way better than I can right now I'm just
facetiming her and she's laying on Zoe
Zoe she's using Zoe Zoe but as a pillow
okay tonight alright guys well I will
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night bye guys
