good morning guys so today is our first
day off and this is our hotel I don't
show this exercise in here in the ball
sand get Danny's clothes any somewhere
here exercise this is already exercising
we have one of these fancy lights yeah
we go big or we go home we don't want to
go home right now so it just said today
is our first day off on this tour we
just had a nice little shower break we
have a game room what we call charge of
a nice little shower nice and clean I
think a little meet up with Dave Allen
bed right now well today I don't know
what I want to do I'm going to try to
find out a little rabbit which is
outside Baltimore too or just held a
Maryland this is the same thing
I think this is a prettiest place we've
ever parked but it's called Japanese
something Japanese lilies whatever they
are please place and then I think radio
thing acoustic Lee so today and I get to
go off and do our own little thing cuz
i'm trying to find been right now think
this over here wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait alright so I met up with
everyone and then was just looking at
the very little first headlines of the
day they had this thing where they say
the UK they wanted to public to name a
boat and boaty mcboatface would a 300
million dollar boat play Frank with them
yep okay when it's they're calling dr
just a little bit just grab a little bit
right yeah gets her driving driver yeah
you're a wild man I like it all right
he's I'm von he gets five stars already
huh five stars five stars immediately
sure it was awesome he'd go to the apple
store miss my
mmm they may little wind it or something
your practice camera which I find some
toys for my console across there you
know never seen harry potter you've ever
Duncan okay internet just yes we're
leaving right now coating packs of the
buses you guys it's gasp on that one we
should do it
don't
I don't know if that was really creepy
or lost perfect I think that was right
this is right balance of freaking
awesome
then said in my days more his eyebrows
threaded
so you're gonna look nice we'll make you
a mess would you give that thing
bitch any of the Jenny on the block oh I
think band is going to get out of it
there's a long line I can do it legs
rustle up some thread because that's
going to do it
hi
okay i can understand
raise your phone yeah I don't know if I
definitely Charles my watch or for the
first time I hope the apple store not
getting a phone in place it's actually
been can't sell the time it is and Danny
it's everyone but me my phone is in
place at brunos ago I had a dumbass
break my phone I didn't bring my phone
either it's just decided the king that's
why I'm get it for free the juicer is
gold egg that is it really the question
who came first dad get the chicken ah
yes Lee neil degrasse tyson answer the
question iNOS it was
it was the egg I was like whiskey for us
would be chicken but it wait it was news
the leg that was not laid by a chick I
have like real mirrors on this bus I
didn't realize how much gray I'm
actually wearing and i want to show you
look at this this is pathetic I didn't
realize it like strong sad over here
just going to leave all those coins all
these coins are useless for a 25-cent
machine so no one can ever use that for
25 switch that's this torture for a
little kick
useless what is 1927 play 24 that's all
you got
Wow way more in there dummy okay um it's
nice yeah okay we pick mom 14 k Jackie
hey can you put that on to be happiness
bother him at all so you put that on the
market but you know it's not that bad on
in that's what everyone does with the
leather jacket the reverse happens with
the Doris you like huh what do you know
coolest pizza ovens I've ever seen that
you find on it but I screw that what you
got that night so let's see if you chose
this ok I'm Superman or you could have
got haha that's not what you love you go
get might only be this you could have
got that one right so no she loved
talking for a large getting off cheap
that's what is this is all it is pooping
in the sky yes I guess you can really
only expect so much what is Jonathan
I'll just get you it's gonna be it for
days is gonna be it's gonna fly into
traffic yeah wait does yours are move
yeah oh it's already on you'll need
batteries oh that's right you have to
put those red blue lights on flying shit
now do you really yes see it Oh what is
this where's my screwdriver is charging
cable wait so maybe your air blades cuz
you're gonna break a couple dude he
knows all the wrongs have to have a
that's true but is this this charge is
the base to
that's like we have a kid they're all
those like things that we had his kids
they all times as a kid we had D
batteries actually I know they mean
remember D batteries one is they feel
like you're this big one I detect
ammonium Falcon yeah right if you that
those things were like the timing value
around the way he's ready you're what
this is it turn oh my god ready never
let go oh hey you gotta go outside with
this there's no way it's gonna get an
hour do you it's a way I just wanted to
this site are you in the page wait what
try to get it to where it's just
literally hovering above just do this oh
yes sir hey dirtiest bus every Strategos
like Batman oh come on Batman so far
Superman's gonna totally win
okay okay good ready why is it stopping
no that's nice I think he's battery fine
i Khloe and I are going to color because
watch what happens when we call her just
watch moment of truth hey come on let's
go away nicole is very limited colors
yeah we only have this many colors
there's no way a kid that would have the
patience to do this I don't even I don't
I don't even have the basics really hey
Leo at laura's getting heavy okay that
is pretty impressive I can do this Oh
what the hell no that's crazy does come
out pretty cool that's crazy
alright that's pretty cool
Oh person yeah my bad ass okay I feel
better travis go 'well cream to make you
Joe Lhota then I'm all creamed out right
now so creamy well guys it was a nice
day off I hope you enjoyed today's video
and the Easter Bunny and all that fun
stuff and I will see you guys tomorrow's
always I'm gonna go call Ali right now
have a good night guys by your guys
bathroom who an AVR did this we can't
just fuck the next requires us so i came
in here and just watch my hand and just
awful so i went back to the bus and it
takes some other poor soul I took the
bus cogitate and we're just gonna put
that up here
and his caution tape oh no Rachel's in
you rest with you
