truck stop of the tour good morning guys
what do you want you wanna get some rice
some cool stuff this place as removes
all the tourists that's right this is
expert store so
yeah show no funds though or whatever
that is
I was like wondering who that was it's
Eagle made out of guns found the
funniest one I think I think this is the
bezel he'll mean it a guns begun this is
what we call the truck stop
Bigfoot walk
it never gets old it never gets old
good for you guys Danny walks up I would
like this hot dog please gates over
Devon's upstairs we are off to go find
things for the engagement party yeah I'm
getting into this full like wedding mood
I guess even though we don't know when
we're gonna get married and everything
but like I said before Caitlin and
Claire my mom are gonna throw us I can
engagement party so we're gonna go try
and find some you know stuff that's
cheap good morning guys
this is the first Walmart trip of tour
oh my god
this is torture right now all others
like the best Walmart trip ever just
woke up completely out of it
so for catechism
often more employees
I want kind of a weight because they
know today so Caitlin did some damage
today at HomeGoods so we got some stuff
for like for the engagement party of
that I'm trying to get some cool stuff
to put in the backyard
but you did pretty damn good it actually
went in Gemma's pillow one pieces back
what to get on his first first wallet
Reb right now I was like to get food is
it hell no like you need food I think
for the first trip of the tour I think I
eat me slightly healthier than normal
I've got a couple treats in there but
the babes they just really like me oh my
god you can count it eat like that pence
next Yates psych trying to reach my mom
so that we can go to lunch we've already
called her like a million times so we
know she's gonna freak out when she
actually gets her phone and all we want
to do is just invite her we just want to
better to lunch
okay or hungry you wanna know if you're
gonna come you be going back so we have
this hard drive we didn't realize that
there's this lip over here now I'm gonna
see it right here now and the hard drive
fell so Cole and I are becoming our Bob
Vilas I keep saying Bob Vila it's got I
like them so much this is the only way
to get it can you get it out though it's
a problem that's why you're smart man
there you go and you're a great musician
work smarter not harder
I'll do the comparison I was going to
take this entire thing apart to let you
know these are useless wait what hey
Duggan this
you gotta see this panel on me here is
you Wow
there's nothing even on it that's
actually hilarious is that power even
plugged in yeah cases if how it works
cuz I was using my thing
well we don't have to put that there
anymore hello you little psycho hello
she's like I'm quiet now she's like I
got my bark out I feel good right yeah
good girl yeah good girl okay and I just
got back now I'm cited them to go peas
always the only one that ever listens
these two just look at that sec work
well now I know why they do but from the
way that we've talked to them that's not
anyone so Marley you're not a cat
nothing that dogs can't set up on the
little million look at it there's like a
permanent this is so funny
there's like a permanent little like
flat area for Marley oh hello are you
man there goes them all my pillows so
you you opening up the wings their self
never see the wings are open
look at nice and clean
they work
I completely forgot all my warm weather
and as we get further further north it
gets cold in court and holder so Jay Val
and I his Rover Jay Bell he's back he's
in tighter tour so when you go to the
merge go say hi to Jay Val and yeah I
see huh
how to get some cheap hoodies to do have
a hoodie do
that's like the number-one rule
do you guys know that rule it's got to
look an unspoken rule guys I wear my
shirt
nobody
I am vlogging let's say hi hey guys can
I have a peanut with a peanut
a peanut good well I just walked in here
is this your guys bathroom who an ABR
did this we can actually probably is us
so I came in here to just wash my hands
and just awful so I went back to the bus
and to keep some other poor soul I took
the bus caution tape and we're just
gonna put that up here
no Rachel isn't you I've tried to give
everyone like a little like a
forewarning but I put the tape up Lee
but you're you're the first one you're
the first word I turn around it looks
happy about it so I just took that
little fart for a walk now and take that
one in that one because taking them all
at one time it's just I've tried it once
and it did not turn out that way so we
don't take it off it's all you want to
go for a walk kind of strange thing
happen though I guess like a cold front
is coming through
so it's mildly chilly out it's probably
like I want to say like in the high 60s
right now but it feels amazing it to get
supposed to get down to like the fifties
tonight we're just kind of like a
pleasant surprise I filled the had
though for people that are here on
spring break thinking that it's going to
be you know 90 degrees and beautifully
sunny am gonna go home with the tan and
I'm not so sure that's gonna happen but
still beautiful it's not terrible and I
bet you it's better than what it is up
north
I only wish I could get all three of
them to walk together not nicely because
I feel like it that's not the issue I
think that they walk together really
great because they're all sweet
however diesel tends to have a little
bit of a mind of his own especially when
he's with other dogs he it's almost like
he has to be the pack leader so you
always want this being in the front so
then he pulls in the front and then
Marley's like that's not happening I'm
gonna be in the front then poor Zooey
gets left behind like she just did and
it just gets too complicated so without
char here and when I get have to walk
them up myself this seems to work the
best doing it separate did diesel good
and hold a camera what now slark and
diesel just cuz like I said he's a
little bit stronger a little bit over
the line of his own kind of has a mind
of his own and just gets a little too
excited so he's at home resting up I'm
gonna walk these little boogers I just
walked out there doing something
something else Ben is how the actual
state work
I was gonna say where you should start
shit back to reusing what are we gonna
do this is what you got to do when
you're feeling a little stressed you got
a
ring ring ring ring but whatever this is
this is shit playing this game for
announcer showing before the show by the
way this is William Wright and Avery
they just got married
this is they just got married and this
is their honeymoon they wanted to come
hang out with us
so we brought them on the bus we're
playing whatever game this is our
defense catchphrase sure they wanted to
come to the show and this was their
honeymoon Roy you can't stop there cops
come on a bus so we force them to come
on the bus I said oh yeah there we go
guys so everyone's kind of playing a
game I got a little tired so I think I'm
gonna go to bed a little bit early I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video for
those asking I feel so much freaking
better
what I did is I talked to my doctor and
I think what we did is we what we did do
is we half the dosage so that way I
don't have that dizzy feeling anymore
throughout the day is
pretty scary eh annoying me so anyway a
lot better I really appreciate you guys
all the world wishes and all that fun
stuff I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night I guess
exactly pointed out I needn't do that
either yeah it's cool there's the fake
wheels good side way to maybe do like
circle
freaking movie magic put your lies do
this there's one
so we're technically on a movie set
he says I'm walking around with a camera
we know who's sponsoring this movie
that's for sure
