you can see let's see the thing I have
to go Ali's earrings of a back both fell
off your screw types so I'm a little
pissed off but luckily they're really
nice and they they remember me with all
the issues I had last time with her went
ring they said just to come in and take
it and take the place that's a positive
yesterday was so much fun we went to
four state fair coincidentally it was
the last day so we were super lucky with
our timing and our decision so I got my
hang for some reason it feels extra
tight the day I don't understand
and I haven't been to the fair in a
really long time and it was so much fun
like I had just such a good time but I
will tell you what our bodies do not
react the same to the whirly twirly
craziness of a roller coaster or a
carnival ride better than Charles did
but he he just could not do it he could
not handle those things anymore so and
successful all taken care of now the
thing is I got to ask Allie and she's
like getting a fights with pillows those
are the screw-ups like I said I have no
idea how they pop off that's something
to be proud of
thank God for warranties I feel like you
guys know that I'm like the only rare
occurrence where warranties actually
warrant the warrant actually purchasing
cameras cutting the humping cameras were
replaced beat the system I noticed after
we have that like kind of weird cold
spell that happened yeah all of our
plants over here died like pretty much
all of this died there's a whole bunch
of like brown leaves in there so I
pulled all this out I cut tops off and I
replanted some of these hopefully what
they'll do is they'll regrow and just
kind of replant themself basically or
reroute themselves into the ground so
I'm trying to fill this in a little bit
more because like I said things died all
in there these were not here before
these all the ones that were here all
died so I just put more in and then
everything that was right here all died
so I filled it in with some other pieces
some of the tops but it's just it's
crazy it was so bizarre what plants
lived and what plants didn't when it
came to that cold spell but I don't know
I'm just trying to work with what I have
so I don't have to buy anything so
hopefully that works
good idea
I've been readily trying to be the guy
which one to be the son of two days now
well they have to move around the room
because it gets ups don't break it
please Ali had an idea and this is the
absolute last time that we're gonna try
doing this we're gonna try one more time
like Las Vegas where all you have is I'm
so jealous there's a couple of the
people I know right I'm so I'm so
jealous there's a couple of people that
we actually talk to you a couple of you
guys that live in like desert conditions
they were saying like they don't even
have to water lawns or anything like
that because they just have rockin dirt
so I'm a little envious right now I
don't know baby that's a lot of stuff
you think okay
I'm trying to fill it this is just plugs
I want to get these tacky things I don't
have it like we've done this way too
much I think the definition of the
insanity is doing things multiple times
expecting different results that's
that's what we are we suffer from
insanity
when we get blackberries like we did it
on the road trip hello Marley communal
mall I guarantee if we got the
strawberry one we would never ever ever
see the strawberry actually come because
Marley would probably eat them away
before we could even get to it
guaranteed like yeah you need manure and
some peat moss you gonna go take a poo
out there you guys think I'm the
immature one here's the funniest thing I
say this every time we're literally
buying things that grow in nature all
that rock rock comes in nature grass
dirt and thank you mother nature shut up
and take my money this is going to be a
new low blow the interesting thing they
literally sell cow poo does it smell
like cow poo is it straight-up cow dung
oh wow that's way cheaper we're gonna
bring the rocks out to here cuz this we
pretty much gave up over here and then
over here we got the cow the cow stuff
that we paid money for this might take a
couple days does it stink
I honestly I can't a believe they sell
cow manure at a store and be that we
paid money for it now but still it's cow
poo like it's funny that that's at the
store and B we actually paid for it this
area we're gonna get these plugs cuz the
rest the grass so we're the rest of the
grass is fine alright see what Marley
does do you think she's gonna roll up
she's gone and she's down help me right
there I'm tired thank you
much appreciated she's getting into it
Marley do you work for free you guys
want to see something funny all right
look at this I don't know if you guys
can tell see his sparkles what was once
pink yeah
what was once pink is now silver if you
have no idea what I'm talking about was
last November anything on my face okay
that's good now we have glitter
everywhere no more oh now we have
glitter everywhere good times
you can grass eating grass eating grass
all three of them eating grass so weird
so char has been loaded in our grass
with poo and peat moss layer it again
then you gotta find it out a little bit
re if your day turned into a situation
honey mm-hmm
I went back to him depot because we ran
out of bags and then they only got three
left so I have to get some more to fill
in here and I'm gonna work on that
another day but it actually looks like
really really nice kind of gets that out
of the way too
we're not sure if we're gonna put that
there though we were thinking about
those chairs that are over there and
then also putting like those chairs
there and then putting the fire pit
there as well so a.m. we can't and I'm
getting ripped apart by mosquitos calamy
won't try to do this now
that's okay I'm getting at Mauna Kea so
we gotta just do it looks very way pray
to mother nature and all her her green
goddesses and gods and tell her to
please please let this work
I'm gonna break this man no you're not
I'm literally people that I like if you
never played this game seriously you are
not gonna break the switch
massive operation
mother
there's nowhere I got okay white
sorry
alright okay so look what you just did
sorry good look what you just did okay
come here oh come with mom I'm the cool
one
stay with me
go this doesn't look right
what you're doing
oh my gosh so they make a big mistake
getting this thing for him
okay
do you think this is the last time
otherwise we're giving pacing pacing
yo you're a jerk you would oh don't you
do it don't you now Jase Jase said to my
shirt that's my that's my shirt that's
my shirt it was so sweet to me and you
messed it all up
all right say good night
well guys I hope you enjoyed today's
video don't forget to subscribe by the
way if you know how to beat that guy
please let me know in the comments
assuming I haven't thrown this thing in
the frickin garbage anyway I'll see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night goodbye
