reto freaking loves his Pig good morning
guys sorry for the scare yesterday okay
so let me just explain cuz we had the
one take I wasn't really able to too
much last couple days I hadn't been
feeling really well I kind of like this
like dizzy feeling I guess you could say
I've explained in last couple videos or
the video yeah the video before
yesterday it felt kind of like this like
anxious kind of thing by the way arica
is she loves going outside with the
girls we went to the ER it did one of
those EE G's cuz I think it EKGs my
brain and it EEG they tested my blood
pressure and my heart rate which was
high obviously because I was nervous and
they did a cat scan that turned out fine
my blood work urine all that stuff came
out fine so they said I was physically
physically fine and nothing was wrong
inside my brain there was nothing going
on there was no growth or anything like
that everything looked the same or not
you know whatever it was all stable so
I'm calling my other doctor the seizure
doctor maybe it's my medicine maybe I'm
getting I don't want to say immune to it
but like kind of like my body I guess it
is immune to it like my body is starting
to adjust to the amount that I'm taking
I want to see if it's that or if in fact
it's maybe just anxiety because I've
never really had anxiety before that I
know I mean I'm always under dressed not
just not just this vlog or anything like
that but just other things in general so
I want to talk to my mister called
epileptologist the ones that do all the
seizure stuff and see what they say
maybe have to get another medicine on
top of the amygdala I don't know but I
just honestly I felt so bad kind of
scaring everyone yesterday's video but
that's what happened yesterday today I
feel a little bit better it's been
really completely honest a crappy couple
days okay I've gone through worse so I'm
not too worried I wasn't going to go to
the ER but then at the same time go cuz
I'm always nervous you're always nervous
about like what the unknown so when you
go to something like that you're kind of
admitting that something is bad I'm
actually really relieved and I'm hoping
that maybe that kind of like calms me a
little bit the fact that they said I was
physically fine
I'm sure mentally I'm not I'm okay and
I'm not letting it ruin my day today
okay now you're showing off
Zoey are you hungry
watch your eat that's like the slowest
roll I've ever seen him dude massages
the teeth I know look at this tail
what's her rate of bed especially when
she's acting good like the funniest part
is that she's like a little organ news
go you mean an organ accordion accordion
yeah you look just like my dog what's
her name okay cash hi I cash nothing
says the holidays other than alcohol oh
here we go we're trying to find some
funny things for Melissa but every year
we try to get Melissa like some ugly
gift I don't know if you guys remember
that was in a rug it was a rug or a
blanket that was a wolf and then the
other one that we got was a like a wine
holder right wasn't it was a weird white
holder and yeah so she kind of bent
around
I still think Ali saw this like shower
curtain that was a sloth climbing the
Empire State Building yeah I still think
that was the best one the key is to get
something that she obviously won't use
unless you've guilt-trip her and then
she has to be
looks like something else to be honest
with you no not like that it just looks
like something pretty sure somebody else
knows what that lines on don't
refrigerators do that already
look at you love plaid gotta find
something super ugly for most of all the
for the fancy red cup drinkers I think
we should get these these are the things
we got I don't know what which one did
we get the manatee or something like
that
I should get my mom that looks like an
egg it does look like max but they're so
tacky the only got was the most happy
thing in the world it was awesome Allie
this one it's space happy pale ale I
don't know I just like his face it's
happy pale whatever that means
oh I can't read criminally bad insanely
bad elf baby but okay yeah that's that's
a good one that's a winner that screw
Santa that's way cooler is that the
abominable snowman
does it really four years now we're kind
of having a son kind of having a low-key
day today be kind of fun to get there
Drock a little Christmas tree for ups
upstairs and this is normally where we
go to good Christmas trees but as you
can see they're clearly sold out and
breaking down but on the other side of
this truck or several tiny ones well
you're going to Home Depot apparently
they want a $30 for a tree oh honey
that's weird it's like a truffula tree
how we think sixty we paid sixty sixty
bucks for a seven-foot tree I didn't 234
tree that was foot in half not gonna
happen
yeah shoot yeah whatever you guys I said
we should get a really big one big ones
yeah
leans over kind of like the tree yeah
there are two types of people in this
world one people that dress up their
cars to be reindeers gone
Sanna there's a lot of Santa's go around
here girls just wanna have fun
what's that same thing in the comments
are you the type of people that dress up
your car over the bloke self ally she
literally was just saying she goes honey
don't worry about it I will never be the
type of person that puts blow-up
Christmas stuff and everything against
people that do it I just I like classic
yeah I have everything against people
dressing up their cars there for you I'm
just kidding no actually in the comments
or in I don't know why he's off put in
the comments tell me if you do that I
bet you there's a red nose in the front
too I was just put some of these in
there there's a giant one do they have
little tiny ones look it for a
seven-foot only 14 bucks more than that
three foot one for one a flip is it just
full of glitter it's that's so
interesting two things one that guy
looks like kill vibe and
atenci√≥n words like clippings right
here and we literally just found the
tree amongst all these other clippings
so we just got lucky
their smell in the house okay so we got
a free Christmas tree and now you got a
free read it was baby I always got a
better idea
okay that was perfect
we're good they're doing it well here's
the smart thing too we got the rocks at
ago here so when we're done we're just
super smart today I think
oh my god I've never actually gotten
sneeze on camera there so that was that
was a big one I've never like I always
try to turn it on time
perfect Connie what I just wanted to
show you this is the before sorry this
is not where you're supposed to be no
destroying off up here we're opting for
the more safer lights though we don't
forget that they're on that way the
battery operated I don't think there
have much current to it I thought you're
doing she's putting her head
I love how this is the superest tackiest
tree but it's too cool it's a nerd rock
tree so we decided to go with the crazy
boa the commemoration of wrestling I
think it's very appropriate on one to
ten scale how tacky is this tree tacky
and awesome it's pretty tacky so I'd say
it's an 8 on the tacky scale they could
definitely go tack here but I feel like
that's a pretty good tackiness and to
push it to the tacky level 9 yep I think
Ali pushed it to 10 ready
cue Christmas music now
the new toy oh you found the puff ball
or that I knew that was gonna be a thing
okay you know you're not even supposed
to be up here
we made a big cat mistake when we were
like raising her like when we would give
her food we didn't want the dogs to mess
with her food so we put her on like the
counter
lesson learned you're not supposed to do
that with cats I'm used to dogs and dogs
don't go back on the counter when
they're a holder this one on the other
hand likes the counter pretty much our
fault
yeah clearly but we're still learning
right Rika you're turning into a cool
cat she's doing some interesting things
today yes it is where is it it's that
stuff down there that little stuff right
down there it's what you're trying to
get this uneven food dude
you drown yourself whenever diesel lays
on the ground sorry listen to music
Christmas music right now but whenever
it is always on the ground to me it
looks like he just fell from the sky and
splatted right on the ground thank you
so much for watching today's video I'm
gonna go rest right now because that's
what dr. Ally is over here making me do
I'll see you guys tomorrow
have a great night bye guys
