good morning Internet stuck in an
elevator with us a couple of guys I got
a book intro
tell me a movie right now
and I totally want to get in the shot
maybe that jerk but I won't
I get to see was in there
fuck it
there's another crash car
so I have no idea what movie they're
filming but our bus is right here I went
to go get something at the venue
oh I had it'll prove internet you know
there's no no proven otherwise although
that
in fact advice gonna be a success
because the days I've been feeling
really really really busy like
incredibly busy they had no idea how I
was able to get on stage
of its every
the way I did
but I did first throw had some food
delivered to the bus some sandwiches so
that way I can maybe see if they can
come back this thing
sucks - it is 5:30 - in the afternoon
and you know what I did today nothing
and do anything and it felt amazing to
do nothing reason I did nothing is
because it was pouring earlier I did I
got some work done and some emails and I
did the vlog which unfortunately there
was like a goof up at the end of the
vlog I don't know YouTube's been funky
it's in really really weird but while
Charles is at or I'm gonna be editing
pretty much the entire time and I'm so
frustrated this morning that that
happened but anyhoo basically right now
I'm just relaxing and taking in the fact
that it is pretty nasty outside if
finally stopped raining and I have to go
run a few errands and get it right
besides that I think I'm just gonna be
spending time with the girls in the boy
I want to check this thing out could
this be a transformer it's definitely
not car accident you can see paint
you'd see the paint on it
I'm so
right
the technicality
and I think this might be real though oh
yeah what you doing girl just waiting by
the front door
she already mrs. Charles a lot huh
that's okay pretty girl okay the show
was amazing yesterday I loved it it was
so cool that a lot of friends and family
got to come and really enjoy it and it
was a great show I'm just so proud of
them they played for I think like two
hours it seems like two hours they
played so many songs it was just so
amazing this brother yeah you know I had
a buddy one of my buddies on his dad
there's a bunch of movies and does that
crazy the same thing you got they got to
keep the cars they do okay you can tell
us pain yeah no I know but like my
distance it looks like they're just
doing their job there it looks like a
wreck you guys know Zack just pointed
out I didn't see that either yeah it's
cool there's the fake wheels good
sideways to make it feel like circles of
shit
frickin movie magic bunch of lies look
at this there's more
so we're technically on a movie set
except I'm walking around with a camera
we know who's sponsoring this movie
that's for sure yeah that's what the
crane was Oh
who's on there it was crane rig and they
were driving one of these cars I think
was driving that car no not me not me
they're all the other probably alter
that's the sort of fit can go 360
shopping with Kaitlyn and I told her
that you know obviously when we do get
married I want her to be a bright thing
most bridesmaid dress ever
gorgeous I know I that's what I should
do I mean I don't know Kaitlyn you look
quite glamorous in that the bullet holes
yeah all right
so they get shot here well this is
probably good one that gets hit here and
then it wipes out over there do you guys
want to play that show I think it was uh
was it Boston was the same set that they
did the r.i.p thing with the dude Big
Lebowski dude and Ryan Reynolds that
that car that gold car was in the vlog
back in the day the vlogs because they
were actually shooting it we were just
doing the same exact thing so oh I
remember that car it's big that should
go back
that recording
who is that what you do some
cops are coming less than one and
vloging do you know that's the number
one always keep the camera rolling you
know lesson number two never put
somebody in the hospital those are the
two lessons both vlogging and pranks
thank you Frank
Simon town leaky bad go home David
that's my dad's man my dad's in gregg
allman yeah chess trippy it was a
percussionist for 20 years oh yeah
that's funny dad did you sign this van
it's probably a lot of questions going
out there with a lot of these rock and
rollers Sophie you're getting out of the
world-famous rock wagon free spring that
look at that tub subs and I was an idiot
guy Jimmy John all right forget the
honors of signing it I'm gonna do it
right here that's where everyone grabs
though I should go right here okay great
there there I'm not a nobody you're dunk
Johnson Johnson man thank you so much
for the ride Rock wagon all right so I
just took a super long nap which is
something I needed I don't know if it
out it yesterday but lately I don't know
what it is I think the stupid medicine
it hits me really hard really really
it's like if you were to be really
really super super duper super drunk and
that's the kind of cloudy feeling it
kind of makes me so you can imagine that
getting on stage is heavy a scary and B
I'm going because I don't want to fall
off the stage and I don't want to mess
up now I feel like I'm like going in
like a zigzag manner yesterday was it
was bad yesterday I had to run out
yesterday at the bus
he'd go grab some food Ali and Melissa
found me in front of a pizza place as if
I was drunk I was like hmm just like
eating like four pieces of pizza so it
is Saturday night and Devin is on her
way over we're gonna go and kind of have
like a little girls thing tonight some
of our other friends are actually in
town and we're just gonna kind of do
like a little white night and something
kind of chill and relaxed I know char is
kind of struggling a little bit site
because the Georgia show it's just
exhausting Torres it's nothing but if
you guys are in Georgia or lanta area
that's what it is make sure that you
guys do go to the show and supposed to
be phenomenal it's supposed to me it is
phenomenal I don't know why I always
think it's supposed to be but it is
phenomenal We The Kings is incredible I
am so proud of them and yeah I think I'm
gonna call it a night I did nothing
today
ain't nothing so I'm kind of like
forcing myself to get out and to do
something because it's kind of pathetic
if I have literally done like next to
nothing I went somewhere with Kaitlyn
earlier but these side side that's about
it that's about it
well that's another night in the bags
now you gotta go take a shower
literally took probably the coldest
shower I ever did Oh actually Gordon and
fastest I'm gonna call Ally and just
kind of hang out I watched some Simpsons
and just close the curtain on the bust I
actually haven't had a chance to do that
yesterday we were kind of running into
late four in the morning so didn't
really get a chance and can I'm gonna
take advantage of that today I told you
kind of briefly I was having a little
bit of an issue with the dizzy spells or
whatever and I talked to my doctor and I
think we might have a solution and at
any rate it sucks but I got through the
show it was an awesome show all these
shows have been awesome and I can't wait
to see you guys and you know Disney mr.
going to keep me down that is day number
three of the tour and the raps and I'm
just calling this beautiful lady are
here and to say come good night hiccups
anyway so I'm gonna say good night and
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
every night guys
better under pressure or what to do it I
think we we do it cell under pressure
but the pressure and then the ID hasn't
gone away everybody before the stage
like I don't know funny too my next
question is what is the routine that
somebody go to the bathroom I know but I
wish we had a cooler routine I was sure
nothing that we we all do like three
shots and and like high five and I'm
just really cool like thing that we do
play it we just kind of like run around
we discover ours like I don't know how
to get like this nervous energy right
here the whole means they do it up a way
to kill so these are the people that we
