good morning guys heading back to the
tour bus right now
it's kind of like frantic so I'm trying
to pack everything right now I got a
backup camera cuz you never know when
I'm going to break a camera or
somebody's gonna break a camera on the
tour bus I'm trying to play with the
girls and the dude they all have toys
and we're trying to go to maybe take a
walk or something like that I'm gonna
miss you twerps oh and that disgusting
mess right there it's the most random
place that he was on here and then I
flap my shirt you got a caliper
caterpillar crossbred cuz they're poison
don't touch them those are the poison
ones oh yeah where there's him that's it
he's cute
they're everywhere get it off get it off
get it off he's going backwards we're
twice upon the back of him I don't know
it's kind of hard to know which is what
everyone be good Ally made me sandwich I
wanted a brown bag oh did I get a
capri-sun
I'll see you in a bit guys
love you love you maile diesel love Edie
oh here you go
he doesn't want to say bye
there we go apparently the show is very
close to being sold out so it's kind of
nice to be another hometown show and
that happening everywhere we go Jonathan
is finding those disk balls no I know
it's finding them there it is right
there oh my god you guys look pretty
fucking cool right now Danny you look
cooler than you usually do
I love when things come full circle
remember Ali and I came here watched our
expanded sand we're going to stop around
this area we've been and now we're
playing a stage we played here actually
a few times but it's kind of cool to do
that like really close to win you know
we do the vlog so that way you guys
actually remember all that stuff hey
Frankie
by the coolest thing I wish the ZOA
Marley were small enough I think it's
very hard
you're lucky that he's small well they
don't stay that way forever Danny
doesn't have a girlfriend so it's kind
of like we sympathize with a myth
oh you got it down here
well this is hard like you got this coal
you're the most athletic person here
it's dog murder it's not much
nice truck Gattis you good I feel like
we've gone a lot worse this is a lot
worse but this is this is actually
really good it missed the complete
computer and then it'll pick up some uh
some fans look you're laughs that's
fancy does it do anything does it move
you touch it you can help Charles it's
too right-to-left it's very easy for
somebody to turn it up so it's official
on the radio there may or may not have
been a slight dance party some
choreograph moves slight choreograph
moves just a little teaser for the show
we wanted to teach everybody what we
actually do on stage and I picked it up
pretty quick run you actually did a
all-day it's wonderful you learn
different three seconds they already do
it better than happening better under
pressure or what's a deal I think we we
do excel under pressure but the pressure
and the anxiety hasn't gone away
everybody before the stage is like I
don't know if I need to poop or puke it
might be a little too much information
but it's no it's true I was gonna be my
next question is what is the routine
that somebody go to the bathroom I wish
we had a cooler routine I was sure that
we we all do like three shots and and
like high-five and have this really
I think that we do fight it's we just
kind of like run around we do five shots
mad no we we just kind of run ours like
I don't know how to get like the nervous
energy away here the whole bands there
doing up for way the case so these are
the people that we've picked up at the
radio station yeah you guys want to
contest right side if you win
oh it's like an old-school one you just
won they use that to do the whole call
so has nothing to do with the radio or
be a cellphone and everything about you
know what she doesn't want to tell you
is that she's the only person who
entered the contest so there might be
sirs sirs
behind the scenes it's so cool like
doing the hometown shows like this it's
not necessarily a hometown show but a
home show first a the st. Pete is in our
home but actually it's my home but it's
just it's kind of fun to do these things
because everyone comes you know like
everyone over friends and our family
been nervous this is like I was telling
you guys for the hometown show it's more
nerve-wracking to play a home show then
go out and play a sold-out arena or
something like that
you'll often Ally trying to bind her
that's what make the show go run what
makes the show go run
I want to tell you something here's the
best things you see there there's this
spray-paint thing right here Oh to make
it seem like handle but it's not
upcoming francisco and that seems to be
the rap on day two well lobby or bus
call that Lobby calls when i freakin
flying on a hotel so you through that
whole lobby fault crap anyway bus call
is in 30 minutes so Ali and I gotta go
get some pizza get some food
I'm so tired I would have literally go
back to the bus I've seen walking I laid
to the car
and then I think I probably watched a
movie or a TV show by Simpsons in the
fall they asleep this is a sadist park
now they came to say bye to everybody
okay well there's that I was saying bye
to everyone she brings Barrett she gets
good and tides thank you so much it
brings pizza not only one slice oh yeah
no my lady my lady knows pizza she's now
starting I have to say goodbye
it's always
alright guys day two on tour I'm gonna
go pass out right now I'm freakin
exhausted ally just left actually this
is one of the first days where it's just
kind of hit me you hope you enjoy
today's video is awesome to hear and
hometown playing a great show hope you
enjoyed it and I will see you guys
tomorrow
all right let's turn this off me
