good morning Internet look who I'm with
by the way it's 4:00 in the afternoon
except for your internet this is my bus
driver pretty sexy the sexiest bus
driver I've ever had
well I want to take notice of your post
nervous a bit and yeah sure yeah it's
definitely that way obviously I took it
over home to surprise Ali but she wasn't
she was asleep by the time I got there
and I didn't want to really wake her up
too much anyway I'm home we have a show
tomorrow st. Patrick's Day I'm gonna get
a haircut and we have a show in st.
Petersburg tomorrow so I go saying I
didn't want to say in Orlando since
we're so close to home
I just came home last night and I'm
gonna gonna hang out here and then I
just drive to the show tomorrow I
thought that was the best idea I think
something so this one over here went to
under oath instead over my show okay you
did say that I did in all fairness I did
say you should go there and film it so I
can watch it and I was watching it this
morning and it was fun but others
favorite bands it's funny when you see
Ali does it look like somebody listens
like I'm music and I was like we're
going my stereotypes to Old Snake and
Elena see I have Ali going to any shows
as long as she's with snake or near
snake I know she's protected it looks so
scary and then he's so nice that's why
we call him snake he's the most
scary-looking dude
but when you talk to me like oh he's
just a sweetheart yeah we got him snake
a scare
excuse us
yeah I missed it
no I did purposely hey guys you got it
yes are Rayden you follow me everywhere
sorry babe
when you point something out or anything
like follow you Danny
no matter what angle so look to look
like she's following me right no I
managed to get a haircut so I don't look
like a complete freaking scrub by the
end of this what are you doing are you
in a Freddie Mercury over there so Ali
actually just made an appointment she's
going to do the thing about the hair
dyeing or whatever it is we're gonna do
your dye your hair trying to help me
that's all I know that's all I know - oh
this is all gonna stay the same sorry
this is all I'm gonna say Sam she's
gonna try and do like an ombre that
works just like the bottom like this is
gonna do like a little fade who thinks
we should actually do red have something
in honor my old Charles Trippy side I
think you should have pink cuz I know
you love pink so pretty much I just I'm
still kind of nervous like I wonder
where to schedule it we're taking it so
why wouldn't you like well let me guess
Jenni Villa knows I go I'm gonna go yeah
oh you know I'll just call you back I'll
call you use chickened out yeah I gotta
pick up medication because I'm a freakin
pharmacy I wearing pink so I get the
pinch you I mean green yes I am losing
good oh I can see that exactly they'll
see that later it's not there
I'm not rink how do you say yeah see I'm
not wearing anything I'm just wearing oh
you're not no I can't I have green
boogers
that's disgust oh you're another which
are all set so I don't know I don't
really so I'm just kidding with that I
remember in high school so many fights
started be like you're not wearing pig
pinch pinch piece oh yeah punching the
faster people up green may not pick on
the lunch we got Ricky cheese are you
banned from James jeez that was when I
was like eight years old no special
traditions and their luck it looks like
then permanent for life and bet the
chuck-e-cheese I think Wilson's one of
my other for some reason my friends all
get banned and outlawed from
chuck-e-cheese what it is I didn't pack
fully for the last couple days cuz I was
coming back home somebody on Twitter
actually reminded me so thank you so
much to that person to bring or buy some
really crappy flip-flops if you guys
probably remember those disgusting
shower sometimes in the venue's so
whoever that is thank you so much for
saving my feet blind every time I get
out anywhere I check my wallet my camera
and my phone my phone and I now
obviously it on my phone because it's
backing up every day are restoring
everything because I'm a freaking idiot
and I'd smashed it up and I money
because I'm gonna hit my car I'm just
gonna follow you
maybe camera down the Internet can you
hold tight for like three seconds can
you are you ready three seconds guys
torturously seconds that's cool let's me
a bathing suit
technically it's green and I guess
because you're holding it right now I
can't do it
that's a stop putting weird weird weird
day
cheeky hipster boy shirt bikini birth um
hi mom
future mom cool that's that is my dream
you took towards the hold it I can taste
the crap out of you then she go for the
hipster stuff the hip go for the hipster
cup babe I think the hipster cuts the
best internet boy or girls which one do
you like the most
bang willful stop I think it's so
embarrassed like I've done way more
embarrassing things in my life which
one's better guys I think I found the
best one find a pair shower shoes
I don't know there's shower shoes 9 10
11 12 I want him to be the most unique
one so that I don't somebody else
doesn't steal him on the bus
I really awesome thing about the show
being starting in st. Pete is that I'm
able to shop a grocery shop right now
beautiful
I'm able to grocery shop and just bring
it on the tour bus so I'd have four
deals right back I have to do is
late-night Walmart stops eventually but
for right now I don't have to
fruits and veggies is bringing on the
tour bus
I should pretty like a cheese platter
just like a weird thing from the bus
holy repeatable you need the whole
cheese platter holy it's coal eat cheese
O'Toole
his middle name you guys ain't no Jesus
his middle name ask him about it kind of
hard to shop for a tour bus because
right now there are 12 people there
beyond this bus
so is it Duncan j-val been myself
Jonathan Frankie and then the band right
so I think it's the first time it's the
bus's compressor had like those junk
bunks so it's having really hard to like
gage really need so I've been trying to
buy some things just because the
convenience being so home what we're
gonna have to do those traditional like
Walmart stops like we always do the
late-night ones I have no idea where I
read this but I've been getting hiccups
randomly we're eating too fast or just
doing something stupid randomly this is
the 100% every single time for me where
you do inhale like a deep inhale with
your mouth hold it
swallow two times like you just walk in
your part but I suggest swallowing two
things it's a while oh yeah the top and
just close you
you do it our way if you want again good
idea within your exhale oh we get bit
and then you exhale through your nose
so just recap inhale with your mouth
minitor to the recap inhale with your
mouth every single go in it
don't let demonstrate nope okay and you
swallow two times live--i
nope so yeah they're all two things of
saliva then exhale with your nose I
promise we'll get rid of it you are this
is impossible
I'm going to need it with you cut your
centers like this one more day these
gray hairs are going to pop up more more
apparently I'm not giving Zoey enough
attention the differences between Zoey
and Marley
so he just does this and then politely
taps food they ask you politely taps you
just she's like hey just so you know I'm
two feet tall and I'm still down here
you know just the peeper got you're not
wearing green the pinch you get you to
pitch you in the nose
I just got it brand-new or two then
backing up for probably three days -
that's an exaggeration two days since I
got it back this I like seventy thousand
photos on either so takes forever to
actually do it
see that's how many photos I have in
this thing so it's but that's pretty
much what's keeping me from getting my
phone back I'm procrastinating packing
for this tour as you probably can see
like how they always like to say a
hurricane came through booty making
where avvocato chicken burgers no I'm
making
Cato
Bert ah you switched em I didn't get
finished
it's smart I can't wait are you wearing
green for you
just doing this doing it's okay it's
okay okay all your dog very fine please
my physical know big Patty's Day dreams
like Charles cop I did it back with you
literally like I'm coming over
Lovelace I hate you no get away from me
stop holding my face
pinch pinch pinch pinch pinch your black
to pinch pinch pinch no green
what got under pinch hell what the hell
actually that's a good question maybe
you guys in the internet might actually
know the answer
what's the whole significance I know
Irish and green but why you get pinched
I feel lazy right now if you busy be
google it so I will read the comments
tomorrow smells good Oh distract you
with a phone and I can just do it okay
now time to eat this deliciousness
home-cooked meal
I won't probably eat until after this
tour this is how I know I was gone too
long I want to open the ketchup and get
some ketchup and it's that's how I know
because Ally hates ketchup that's all I
know
I've been gone too long is when they
catch a bottle oh don't mind me
this struggling I don't know the fuck
you were doing I miss a good boy like
this
let me see if I can do it looking at it
I was gonna do it
ally always makes sure that I have red
potatoes purple potatoes avocado and
tomatoes nito's they're really good
keeping me healthy
alright guys well I am going to get some
sleep hanging out with the pups and Ally
we hang out we watch a movie and then go
back to the tour bus tomorrow don't
forget to subscribe you guys are brand
new because we are head now for tour
heading up for the road that's for those
people who didn't have green
you
