good morning guys
so I just woke up and I went to the
bathroom which no people do and wash my
hands which you should always do and
there's a little piece of soap stuck on
this thing and I don't know if you can
see where did shock me read mister I was
just telling everyone it's just like one
of those moments where just kind of like
of course anyway first show of the tour
so we're trying to correct the day
dragged off a little healthy it comes in
this nice little gifty mason jar so I
could spill it everywhere it's official
on the pants tours now started I know
you're mad at me for leaving it is
always like blocking the door just like
I'm not letting you leave I don't care
what you say
come here baby diesel is hiding actually
in the bedroom so I'm sorry I have to go
run a few errands and I'll be back okay
today is a very big day it is we the
King's first show in the States for
there from here to Mars tour super
excited for them I know that they've
been practicing like crazy and I think
it's gonna be incredible
I will not be at this show in Orlando
because I'm going to go see under hope
which is like one of my all-time most
favorite bands and I I was like going to
this dilemma with oh my god
am i doing something wrong but not going
to my boyfriend show and going to
another band and getting a Dianna and I
talked to char and he kind of laughed at
me and you said ally go see under oath
I'll see you Friday I can't wait to hear
all about the show so thank you
you're the best haha check check
well it's the deal with airline peanuts
we should not lay that label that
actually jokes that looks so good on
camera too by the way this is the other
guy I was talking about this is Jonathan
hey so we got Frankie and Jonathan those
are the new guys that looks so good dude
tries working with Jonathan right now to
find the best lighting right now yeah we
couldn't find our small banner for we're
the kings so we're trying to fold the
big giant warp tour 1 Kings was it get
Kings on the back or just we it's a
giant we got origami over here did you
just use the triangles those are our
guides I can fold it into a swan if you
like yeah there you go that's why I
can't tiger I don't think I've ever
maybe I have shown you guys Tiger but
you guys have never really seen Tiger
moving death Tiger
she is the great puppy she's not saying
max isn't great but Lola is very good
Lola does tricks and she's been doing
tricks for a long time ha thank you
there you go
hey max your turn okay oh you smell Max
and Lola I know I know they miss you too
come on girls let's go outside come on
please come here so does it smell like
hot dogs back here
hot dog aroma I'm just sitting here
smelling are you hungry no actually
completely the opposite hungry at all so
today is the first day of tour and has
every one of those I always get like
kind of nervous because everyone kind of
nervous if you don't know how it's gonna
go because first date tour is always
kind of like I'm not I don't know if the
you guys and you guys have been watching
these videos first a long time and we've
gone on tour a lot and the first day
tour is always they kind of look at your
aisle and see what works and what
doesn't work
not necessarily what to play or like
actually what
taken care of we know how to make it
work a little bit and it's kind of
playing bass and just kind of go in my
home world
yes for some people they go do yoga and
again there's a moment I think for me I
just don't
Warner and I try to be as quiet as
possible in a venue it's super super
loud I just play bass and you try to
just design it myself I think that's
like my yoga I like know my yoga
position or whatever
I usually have it's like Jeff that I
like to make for my carrots cuz I love
Kate and I love you can and Kaitlyn was
like freaking out cause I didn't have
the dip made that I always make it's
like a blue cheese dip she was up at the
refrigerant making that exact same noise
that she was just making Oh with Zoey
and Joby walks up to her just like so
freaked out like what's wrong with her
what's wrong with her and she's
devouring my candy getting kind of antsy
the venue and
that's all this in our bunk and iRiver
there's a pizza place right here so yeah
money is actually free money in my bunk
and pizza around the corner what do we
do you want to see something Koli
I think we've officially made it watch
this I'm gonna take a photo yeah of a
cup because this means tour right here
right and I'm gonna slide it over keep
sliding so if you guys on snapchat you
come to the show it changes for every
every single show so right now we're in
Orlando obviously so the story of
Orlando Rancho Red Solo cups how many of
us see that photo like wanted child
close the photo a solo cup now you know
okay I'll show you this Frankie just
took this photo of me doing a freakin
high Dukan right now and that's you
didn't do any Photoshop right I just saw
it
write up the puzzle
that's the straight-up real life that's
what real life looks like if you really
look at it you're calling man
so my fiancee as I told her is going to
the under house show right now if Danny
and I both try our hardest to go to the
show so you're basically our surrogate
to go to the show the show okay I'm very
happy here that I will let Danny know
and he will be getting I'm going with my
good friend Anisha and I don't know the
guys actually I met her yet but she is
going with me to the other on show which
I'm so excited about Isis Kendall Isabel
and Zak and are you currently googling
right now okay y'all see we had to park
that giant bus back here's going we got
to pay for that bus somehow
all right so day 1 of tour and I'm gonna
be completely honest I'm a little bit
nervous
not because I'm gonna screw up but
because I don't know how the shows gonna
go like just like the organization I
know Jonathan over there it's got the
lighting down it's so funny that Ali was
able to get tickets under oath because
we all wanted to go so freakin bad and
it so happened to be on this day which
I'm glad
Ali's actually going because now if
she's able to film it and I get to live
vicariously through Ali and watch the
freaking show and I can't wait to go
home I'm going home tonight right after
this I'm gonna take like a car like taxi
or something all the way back home
there's the next shows actually in st.
Petersburg and we have a day off I think
it's tomorrow on st. Patrick's Day with
a day off so I figured it'd be better
just to go home and spend it there that
way I'm not stuck in Orlando when I
could just be you know at home with
everyone
this was actually where Danny wore those
G cos on the Summerfest tour he posed
there is wearing the big-ass Chico's
how you feeling right now Charles I love
it 50 buzu brought to you by Minsky nine
four one nine four
I definitely would be a Florida or
they're broken I there would be a
flourish now without family this was
like 30 people deep now it's doing only
night we got this little guys my
battery's about the Pinsky almost killed
my I gotta get her better now she got a
new headband no more rubber bands for
her was everyone on the floor partying
on the bed
oh is that what you dick that's where
you sleep now bud
then it was awesome if I kind of take me
all the way home like that so I'm gonna
make a sandwich and then go cuddle up
next to my fiancee and get some sleep
you love me go to the peanut butter
there's nothing else that you like
except peanut bar least you bring me
something you offer something for the
peanut butter turned right around which
were you gonna get
okay the job brand new my name is
Charles my fiancee is passed out right
now the plaintiff bank called we the
kings and we are currently on tours it
was day one so make sure to subscribe
crate that always happens some crazy
stuff that you ran only happens so I
will see you as always ready for the
story she's coming on tour how many
songs you doing nine five and then full
per se seven dancers seven track how
many songs are you doing
seventeen
