- what's the difference between a pile
of bricks pile of bricks will eventually
get laid the joke sucks but this
good morning internet day to buddy hey
buddy
D - how's it going bud
literally I'm falling over you're not
gonna be over something up how's that
little dog not gonna be over then is our
Tina Fey organizing everything nice and
clear I'm inflatable Dee Dee's vocal my
cows are jokes and cocaine is gonna
jokes my pile of bricks will eventually
get laid
until sucks with this
go get him
is it hang out for the old soundcheck
then
they need another Hello Kitty it's the
only babies head of my house
happy Tuesday internet I know I'm so
corny and I'm sure half of you are so
annoyed and like Elliot she's like
really annoying and really dorky and
really weird but I don't know I think
I'm just like cloud nine right now so
I'm kind of acting a little stranger
than I normally do I finally got a like
great sleep in which has been very very
difficult for me because of the time
change and Australia yeah yeah I've been
talking about it forever and got a ton
of work done this morning right now I'm
sitting on the fence because this is
really fucked up I am kind of like do I
dive to Orlando to go see the Kings or
do I go to an arrest first show which is
in my hometown and I've been like
waiting for them waiting for them like
waiting for them to come I'm like I
don't offend my boy right but I will be
singing about Friday at San Pedro so I'm
kind of like gonna toss up and I don't
know if it's wrong or right and I don't
know if you guys know this about me but
I am a big like I guess you would say
like a rock band rock music and
metalhead junkie I'm really highly
debating if I'm going to color my hair
first time ever coloring my hair for the
first time ever so I kind of wanted to
get the opinion of everybody out there
like how do you feel about them do you
think that coloring your hair is a
really dumb idea I wouldn't be doing my
roots I've kind of just be I think I
want to turn you that ombre thing stuff
you guys don't normally see it shows
Travis basically doing the intro for the
show so every time you guys get to see
the show it's this Travis working very
hard on it as you can see incredibly
hard so this is what our intro where you
guys come to the show looks like my
traps computer a jumbly mess
he's been working on that for a while so
you guys don't get to hear that unless
you come to the show that's so messed up
good yeah but should he get it he's like
is this a test
you get a flash cut to you at home he's
jumping on the door get off the door
like like if we had to survive an abyss
apocalyptic world I'd like to believe
he'd get a dead bird also for shield
yeah right there we go got a bird or
some sort of weird thing as it says it
what is it though he's like a quail
buddy did Charles just buddy did it it
was buddy
Charles just potentially broke the glass
on his phone but he doesn't know well
you have one of those tempered glass
screen protectors and we don't know what
is shatter but I'm a little nervous cuz
this looks scary so moment of truth who
thinks is gonna be broken
I think it's nothing happens in a
different class fucking kidding me oh my
god a lot of pieces do that every time
he cracks a lot of pieces well what do
we learn here I have a slight rage
problem tempered glass may turn into a
temper tantrum I immediately regretted
doing what I just did was the dumbest
thing I could possibly have done or I
just created the coolest art piece in
the world it's really it's a sentiment
against the way our country is run now
I'm living on these things yeah I call
it rage it's a broken economy on you
know like I think I was just so
frustrated because it was the fact that
I paid so much money for that protector
and that's perfect right now is that
irony is incredibly ironic that's yeah
that's what Ellen has more said was
actually trying to sing about
and now you're gonna be quiet now that
the camera rolling and she has to make
sure that there's zero food left because
that's typical Marlene I did something
bad I got jellybean starbursts so good
and I got another bag so I actually got
two bags Marley girl they're clean they
are clean they are clean mark there's
nothing left you need to go whoa whoa
whoa whoa everybody off the bed no no no
no man finished cleaning a bed or just
changing the sheets on my bed my it's
been like such an easy task uncle some
good answers but honestly it's really
not it's easier with two people Benz
being our Bob Vila over here Bob Vila
yeah I brought that out of the pocket
what no one knows : hola Vilas right
yeah 500 hyperkalemic that's
500 years old Lucas here ready for the
story if she's coming up tour how many
songs you doing high five and nickel a 7
the answer 7 trash how many songs are
you doing
big porno music trap
what's porno music Jeff
it's my favorite little girl in the
world you should feel so dumb it's like
you ever do something like that and
afterwards you just feel like
immediately regret it you feel like such
an idiot
I guess the ray of sunshine if there is
one is the fact that there is an apple
store and the fact that it still works
enough to work and back it up then again
ask anyone in the band I am tried the
most Lucy person dollars back up data
and recovery could have been doing
YouTube so much because I want to say
seven years ago I lost someone anything
like videos they did actually first
people use the blogs are completely lost
and after that I have every single one
I got so effing lucky I CTFxC here got
English shoutout to Jose I think he's
actually gonna come to the show managed
to slip me in somehow and I have a
working phone thank God I got a big ass
case so I can't break it again so I know
I kind of like mentioned this before in
the past and then you guys have seen
little like Inklings of videos on my
channel on YouTube now I've been
considering it definitely being
considering kind of making it into a
priority now like I didn't have a time
before and I really wasn't sure of what
I wanted to do and to be completely
honest I still don't have a hundred
percent positive idea on what I want to
do with that channel where I want to go
but it's something that char has really
got me excited about and I'm really
highly considering you know just
starting to put a few videos on there
maybe once or twice maybe three times a
week since I'm not as busy as I used to
be I'm still busy but I'm not as busy as
I used to be I thought it would be kind
of a cool opportunity for me to possibly
start kind of wanted to get your eyes
opinion on that I kind of wanted to see
what you guys were interested in
obviously I still be daily vlogging with
Charles I kind of want to maybe show you
guys me a little bit more because I
don't think you guys get to see that as
much well you get to see obviously I
think you guys get to see me every
single day the way that I normally am
every single day in the vlog some of the
things that I like to do some of the
things that I like to talk about you
know I know girls like the big thing is
like makeup and products and you're Yoda
Yoda which is awesome I'm not making fun
of it because if I knew how to talk
about all that stuff properly I probably
would do that I don't know if I'd be
good at it I'm like a bargain shopper
and I don't like to spend a lot of money
on things it's very rare that I'll spend
a lot of money on something or if
there's something that is super
expensive I'm that type of person that's
like I can get the deal on that I know I
can get a deal on that so I guess what
I'm trying to ask you guys is how do you
feel about me starting it up I think I
just kind of want to show you guys a
different side of me
and kind of start this venture because I
just want to I kind of want to challenge
myself and do something a little bit
different in and you know continue from
this point on and my life trying to push
myself out of my comfort zone and trying
something new here it is guys the home
away from home go check it out we'll
look how clean it is right now you get a
nice little view from the wide view
there haha
look at that that's actually pretty
funny yeah there's no way that's being
towed all right it's getting official
pretty excited
this is Zacks first tour right yeah
first but an bus tour look at that
he's already wearing his white gloves
what are some of the rules that we
should teach that right number kids
always to always lock the bus remember
the Sun I taught you yeah what's the
song Duncan said lock the bus Duncan fit
lock the bus as Amazon protecting that
safety thing always sleep with their
feet that way good boy yeah by the way
guys the informal introduce is Frankie
he's coming out with us as well he's
going to be doing video and photos were
so all the things that we're gonna be
posting probably Instagram and YouTube
and Facebook all done by this man so if
you guys are like who's that guy he's
the new who's that guy he used to do
that with him there who's this guy but
now they know but
we have Jonathan's wrong
thanks Bennet Zack Frankie and I are
trying to find some sort of sustenance
in the city known as Orlando Danny's
gone Ben's gone nice save yourself on
that one tries to sleep so Sophie and
Duncan are trying to find a hotel for
the bus driver we don't know where any
kind of wandering around aimlessly right
now that's another reason why it sucks
that my phone's broken because I mean is
that now I can't eat we were now all
starving because I was stupid and threw
my phone I get it this is punishment we
got zero phone Cyril phone
does anyone know how to get back to the
bus sorta look we really need to figure
that out actually I drop you and I can't
start doing this tour like this feels
stupid but I'm still hungry and took my
medication and I certainly could a loopy
feeling so I need to get some sort of
food we actually made it that was
actually really funny was like one of
those cliche moments where you like
follow that car we literally just did
that with a so that's now what did he
say like attached to the but it looks so
beautiful and I'm just so happy with it
overwhelmed and I can't believe he got
me such a beautiful
