good morning Internet and timezones
screwed time change why we okay as okay
I was trying to adjust the time zones
for like a showing a like nine time
zones that we were in and then we get
home and then we have daylight savings
time just another hour to screw with me
anyway so today I'm going to the MRI
checkup and then I have to go all the
way to Orlando or Winter Park where the
hell it is for band rehearsals for the
tour fun time waiting with the needle in
your arm
yeah the Texas thing right there you
feel it no oh my god I recognized your
voice
nobody does my dad she just said looks
good
I love it so fuzzy feel fuzzy it is when
I decided screw is gonna shave his head
it's done I think I like it I think it
looks good you gotta practice like I
said no smiling I know
no smiling that's hard I gotta be super
tough yeah we just went to the doctor's
and we have great news great news
my brain is okay oh I wouldn't say okay
my brain is still in my head it's still
saying it's still stable that's the key
thing it's stable
that's a fabulous word stable I'll show
you guys hold on this is from January
2015 I think this is from February or
whatever the last one was and this is
now so as we can see they're all the
same January 2016 today oh okay perfect
so rather than making Ally Drive a total
of six hours today we the kings riding
in style hired a chevy cruze for me to
get to rehearsals his name's George
so I'm George Lucas is actually driving
it
I don't you guys know that we are in
George Lucas yeah that's why I got the
tattoo and everything you like impressed
with me whatsoever yes that you actually
know that the only Star Wars movie she's
ever seen it's a new one and also with
you well these little guys are
definitely happy because I think they
thought we were leaving yet again
permutation but no Charles is leaving
for a few days but he'll be back he's
actually staying in Orlando it was just
a little bit more convenient because the
show is on Wednesday yeah her still
today and tomorrow so instead of driving
up the neck driving back today driving
out tomorrow driving back tomorrow and
then driving up Wednesday and coming
back it wasn't gonna work definitely
wasn't gonna work for me so he's gonna
go and hang out at Travis's house for a
few days but I got here and there is
like two packages along with a lot of
bills but two packages one is from one
of my best friend Shelley she actually
sent me but very first wedding magazine
which is so crazy and two thankfully
telling me that I'm going to be starting
to receive a ton of these Derek Miller
d mail I think that that's what it is on
Instagram him and his wife also have
their own YouTube channel on it's called
meet the Millers they sent us all this
really rad stuff from tricks in and to
start congratulate us on the engagement
I'm so like like I said every day I'm so
trying to take it in a little bit more
and kind of embrace what's happened
because I still kind of feel like I'm in
this comatose state where I'm like
engage you know club but it hasn't like
hit me like oh my god like I am engaged
and it's uh it's it's still exciting hey
buddy hey buddy - hey real buddy there's
a lot of buddies in here there's another
buddy what am I supposed to go show this
fall Koli here's the other buddies hey
buddy
doesn't work good I got a fresh bringing
apparently still there
for st. Peter Lando that means if you
come to st. Pete in Orlando you get to
see the poppers who doesn't want me to
hold them anymore
lies on his own to toy family
dude it's even got the dates on the back
just in case he gets confused yeah just
like us no he can be like where's pops
today when he jumps up in the air and
goes so thanks to my sister she went
with me and we got the ring back in it
and it fits and it looks gorgeous and
I'm just like astonished at how pretty
it came out and they basically took the
side prongs well I don't know how to
explain it
see that side part right there can you
see it okay so that's now mmm What did
he say like attached to the faucet yeah
I don't think we still hear that yeah
it's actually attached to the whole
piece is completely attached to the ring
oh yeah
but it was so beautiful and I'm just so
happy with it and overwhelmed and I
can't believe he got me such a beautiful
thing and I just love it
well after that long day of rehearsal
you know cuz I put in a complete daze
we're gonna go get some food actually I
just got there probably enough time to
get a couple hours in and then everyone
decides to go get dinner so I'm not
gonna argue with that
everyone decided after 10 hours hey are
we good right there all right sir huh
there's no hats in oh please no
eventually no sleeves no sleeves it does
look like you're waiting for somebody I
go here what's the difference by the way
I have sleeves I plan I have both
tattooed sleeves and normal sleeves
Brian Sophie however wait you have
shaped the tire time yeah what up dude
the music stops
battler Lily that you leave their
promising
mandro
you look like literally uh-oh it's going
still except for words yeah universe oh
thanks dude know what one movie comes to
mind just what one movie Oh No shooting
the Beast sure there we go okay I was
actually really really upset that was
actually this this for you too
so what did happen here nothing really
cool it's so stupid that again
so then what really did happen you're
there should I make up something yeah so
fed what really did happen to your head
well there is this bus full of orphan
just driven by tonight
you don't say and so like my hands were
busy oh snapchat or something sorry Nick
and but the bus flip flip in Florida
yeah that's where everyone lost it right
there well it's attorneys I'm more than
likely can customize though the story
for expansion
sing it Ben
I see this been my favorite colors
purple so it's gonna be purple or blue
or yellow all right this is what you're
doing back there huh I know I I'm just a
jerk
and I've left you guys all day you guys
will go outside all right oh there you
go
all right we're going we're going the
fact that Marly and Zoey Indies will get
so excited every single time I come home
where every single time that char comes
up so it's kinda cool and I love it
that's a good thing a good warm welcome
because people don't always do that they
don't always jump for joy when you come
home obviously I was sleeping in bed the
other day when char came home and I was
dead to the world so having a dog do
that's pretty awesome
this is what my mom got me for my
birthday because they loved it I just
think this is so pretty
ten little water in it but it's like I
think it's supposed to be a bird feeder
or you can put obviously water in it I'm
trying to make my backyard my little
island oasis I guess is the term Dave
wanted rehearsal is now over and we're
crabs just gonna chilling I can't get
help
are you serious the what they give the
guys are inside I kind of walked around
yeah got my socks all nice and wet cuz I
wanted to talk to Holly with all weekend
Kinsley there she is
you see the ring it looks so good Ali
was basically getting those prongs and
snagging her hair and my face so as you
can imagine that wouldn't be fun over
the years I love you I know you look
like one where the guard that are the
dogs in the bed and you wonder why I was
so hard to break them of that I guess
one would ahead at this video we're
gonna bake a smile we had the last day
of rehearsal before the whole tour as
well see you guys tomorrow as always
have a good night I guess
