hurricane hurricane tornado you got
acknowledging that's your apocalypse
apocalypse immaculate
hums playing what are you playing Tom oh
oh sorry
what they say is like a mixture of call
of duty each other thanks Mike holidays
just what stuck my head really I'm over
here with Caitlin Claire's on her way
and we're doing a little celebration
today wahoo the most is on Sunday chart
it is still relaxing today he's going to
take it easy and we're going to what are
you doing we're just gonna lay by the
pool we're gonna actually go Muni Palace
but it might be teaching we're thinking
about paddleboarding but it's kinda like
overcast and it's a little bit windy you
can see the you know like the trees
right there it's a little bit too windy
so our lovely day out on the paddle
board turned into like the windiest day
ever literally look at the trees right
now this is what we're dealing with
Claire next year under one-year
anniversary of being married is going to
Australia and New Zealand and world
that's it for three weeks so we were
just talking about how there's like a
season for bungy jumping and things like
that and how I missed out on it because
and I'll show you you can't but in New
Zealand you can so she's trying to get
convinced to go to the one in New
Zealand that's like 143 meters what'd
you say I think it well I think you will
I think you should go hang gliding
that would be fun that would be really
cool that would be so cool little worm
case yeah
hell yes very cool that'd be cool
and there's a pink lake we're the no
joke the water is pink
can you drink I don't know pink shit
Kate what was it pink champagne it's not
terrible but anyways this weather is so
nasty oh it's not terrible but it's
definitely not good conditions to go
paddleboarding he'll actually brought
this out all by yourself and it's cooler
that smelled like fish once you just get
that little thing over there she'd a
clean that cooler because we're gonna
bring the coolers so we're gonna bring
that cooler out on the paddle boards and
then go out and kind of hang out in the
water but it's way too windy it's super
overcast and it's just kind of a funky
day it's not terrible but it's kind of a
funky day when it's windy on a
paddleboard you literally you can't
stand because when you stand you
literally go in circles
yeah and it's a lot I mean if she's
never had it in circles I agree and if
you never paddleboard before you're like
using your entire body to go
paddleboarding well yeah if you if you
yeah when it's on do you have to be able
to kneel and do it that way but the
proper way is obviously to be standing
up and so it gets really really intense
but my whole point was Galen drugged
those two bad boys out and if you guys
have never paddleboarding before paddle
boards are huge I mean they're not small
they're over eight feet at least right
yours is over 18 there's your seven and
a half I think mine's about eight feet
Tom's about seven
really yeah Tom's is the bigger one so I
kind of feel bad that you brought them
out here but nice thing is we've got
Claire bear over there and we got Kate
and we're just kind of chilling and
talking and we're actually talking about
they're gonna throw me an engagement
party which is still blowing my mind
hi okay so I know that's that's super
healthy now did she get under okay this
is what I love about when Charles comes
home it's like a freakin tornado went
through our house and then there was
like a tsunami and I believe an
earthquake maybe to like category what
is it category five but it goes to our
bedroom are you ready for this are you
ready for this is me I'm talking getting
ready to pack again hurricane hurricane
tornado acknowledging that's your
apocalypse apocalypse and yours okay
that is fine but it's all combined in
one area Charles it's like his suitcase
threw up everywhere
also these only girls found all the toys
within and everything you know oh did
you I see I see okay so um I got a subs
I got pop subs okay and um yeah I told
you they'd wake me up every morning
right
the race is waking up every morning it's
only this weekend I wish we got a garden
tone you guys this is actually pretty
cool I'm not because it's over all right
yeah that'll get it going
see I'll be back I'll get you next we've
been taking it pretty easy oh okay very
funny
I've been specifically taking a breezy
day because of what happened yesterday
tomorrow come on come on sit you notice
it tomorrow I actually gotta go get a
check out for my MRI in three months
we've been pushing it to three months
now since I'm off the chemo and then I
gotta go all over the land
for the rehearses mud there you go the
rehearsals for the torque we have done
the MRIs now every three months because
of not be on chemo it's kind of like a I
don't know I guess it's kind of like a
reward or kind of like a way to ease the
stress of not having to go every month
which is kind of nice because the
especially when I'm traveling on tour
and things like that it's just speeding
home I have to go get an MRI every
freakin month it's just kind of like a
pain in the butt so I got to do it
tomorrow and then just before tour and I
mean I'll be completely honest it kind
of does stress me out a little bit more
doing it there for three months just
because the fact no it's nice and blurry
that's cool because when they're on
every month you can kind of keep on top
of things a little bit quicker but with
three months you kind of have that
window of like whirring and I think you
guys have already figured out that I
worry kind of a lot unnecessarily and
like how much we'll worry wart which is
a disgusting way to call somebody who
worries a lot
is important so tomorrow's gonna be a
busy day hopefully filled with awesome
though it's gotta be awesome good news
and then we're gonna go do rehearsal and
then I think Wednesday the tour starts
and all that fun stuff oh there's a
black cat we're gonna go the other way
now we will not let that cat cross our
path guys if it does you have my
permission to eat it not really but just
scare it a lot so it feels like it's we
decided to park to the golf cart and get
a little more exercise stupid thing I
gotta fix that when I get home thinking
about this last tour there's probably
one of the coolest tours we've done in a
very long time especially overseas it's
gotta meet a lot of you guys it's got to
see a lot of cool things that we
normally don't get to see on top of all
that Ali and I got engaged which is the
coolest most amazing thing and I mean
like real talk I know there's people out
there that are gonna find that the
negative in such a positive thing and I
don't care I mean I am so happy I know
at least so happy and it's one of the
greatest things that's happened to us in
life you're gonna find out more and more
that there's always gonna be these
negative people that are gonna try to
bring you down to their level I don't
know why that's just how life is
and you know with every negative thing
they're probably about a million and one
positive things and I feel like that's
like the ultimate thing you would you
learn in life as you get older like I
said real talk though I mean it was
obviously very scary for us to decide to
show that with people because we know
there was gonna be a lot of people that
are gonna try to hate on something so
beautiful you know we decided to do it
just because we wanted to be true to
herself and we knew that it would be
something that a lot of people despite
some negative people would enjoy and at
the same time we did it for herself
that's the main reason why we did it you
know life is one of those things I
always say it kind of seems like a
broken record but life is one of those
things where it's like you never
honestly know where it's gonna take you
and there's a lot of a lot of crappy
things I would say it's like a roller
coaster there are other crappy things
that happen to you in life I mean I
could tell you a few things but at the
end of the day there's a lot of beauty
and that's what you really need to focus
on and that's where I've been trying to
focus on is the beauty in life because
otherwise it just makes you a really
negative and crabby person and you never
want to be like that
if there's one thing you could take from
negativity on the internet just to say
the Internet let alone everything else
in life is that you should not be like
that
take that negativity that you see and go
the complete opposite way and it'll make
you a better person in my life I've met
a lot of really negative people this is
not even on the internet just in life I
met a lot of negative people and I try
to take those lessons that they had
showed me unintentionally by being a
jerk like one thing I'd like to do is
like when you're in public and
somebody's being really rude to you and
they're like just being a jerk to you
like say grocery store or something
and there's being a jerk fun thing to
say to them and it's kind of funny like
it pushes their buttons to a point where
you're being nice but at the same time
you're kind of javan and then you feel a
little bit better is that you say have a
better day as you leave I promise they
will think about that and they will
hopefully change the way that they're
acting if some people just act like
toddlers actually I should even say that
sometimes kids act better than adults
and it's actually kind of strange to
think about right there but you know
whatever fuck it right an amazing thing
happened I got to share it with you guys
even though it was terrifying to share
it online and math and that concludes my
little rant for this evening but I have
to have one of those every once in a
while otherwise I go insane if I had to
pay my camera the way a therapist gets
paid I'd be absolutely broke if I had to
pay my camera the way a therapist gets
paid I'd be absolutely broke if you ever
actually really need to talk to somebody
I suggest this picking up a camera
whether or not you put it online and
just venting and makes you feel a lot
better
that's something actually I talked about
in the vlog you mentor interviews that
you guys will see eventually and also
wheezy waiter Craig did an interview
with me I think it's online now you can
probably find out it was like a PBS
special and I kind of said the same
thing how talking to a camera is like
venting it's like a therapist so you
guys are like all like doctors
essentially some are better than others
just like doctors all right guys well
thank you so much for listening we're at
today
and get ready for the tour and all the
fun stuff so that ends up happening I
think two or three days so I will see
you guys tomorrow as always bye guys
going on
