job the airport but I now wake people
few girls
yes I'll take it always better
okay
going home and finally back home and it
feels so good I'm still a little
jet-lagged though I was actually talking
with char this morning and come on speak
Kate I was starting to try this morning
and he and I both feel like it's 4:00
a.m. I know there's no joke so I'm
having like some issues kind of figuring
out what's up and down right and left
all the above but today is kind of
exciting
who bills we are gonna go get my ring
sized because it doesn't fit and we
definitely don't want well I was in
Australia it was snagging on everything
we're just kind of like worried it's
gonna fly off or get caught on something
and then I'm saying I'm gonna hurt
myself so what am I do is let me go
first
okay they can obviously they can say it
but I got to talk to them about these
little like things that are around it
and see what they can do for me see if
they could maybe like move them a little
bit closer or thanks Kate or do
something of that sort but that's what
we're gonna find out and I'm telling you
I don't know why I'm really nervous why
I don't know I just like it so love that
fog it's it's just it's a very exciting
nervous day but I'm so out of it right
now I can't wait to go home
tomorrow my early dinner and the remixes
and an MRI is a shelf online airport the
next tour from the DeMars tour starts so
it's like it's barely to be exciting to
see you guys be actually our tour bus
back on tour has so much wine so much
for a real tour any ideas of what songs
you guys want to hear let me know in the
comments and I will relate to Travis and
the guys we have an idea but we always
kind of switch it up depending on what
we feel like based on the show and what
you guys want so definitely let me know
so dropped off the diamond that was
really weird so I dropped off my ring to
get it kind of altered because like the
little prongs that went around I don't
know how you call the little of
curvatures that went around it we're
just they stand it looks like the
jeweler kind of bent them out a little
bit but they're gonna do is they're
going to connect them now - I have no
idea what they're gonna attachment for
the diamonds yes so that it doesn't do
that so it's still gonna look exactly
the same before I won't have to worry
about it snagging and I'm really really
excited and I get it Beca money which is
all my friends are gonna be so mad cos
they want to see it so bad at the whole
weekend and I am dying I was telling
Kaelyn that I was drowning in there I
like was trying to look at the ring and
like what he was telling me about and I
could barely concentrate because my eyes
kept falling for years
Oh everyone's so sleepy I've seen her
talking to you like three minutes you
didn't know I was there oh I scared you
how did I scare you
good morning somehow I just scared the
crap out of you
what do you have you're not supposed to
be up here is this what she's been
letting you do is that the new rule Hey
yeah I thought it was coming I've been
waiting three weeks for this everything
I can't believe you're sleeping soundly
get your ring size
hey my bar look at that cute face oh my
gosh I just missed you you're so cute
and then tie whoa
well pg-13 thank you I'm got soda over
there mr. d this is exciting
you know you come back from Australia
you think you're gonna have these crazy
adventures continuing the ones get home
but no and get back to reality of uh uh
laundry dishes and dog food I've been
trying to wake up I just can't do it
hey mama Kota Felix is just lugger it
out one of these is that I don't care
does I need to sleep
any one of my eyes right now tomorrow
actually is the full day home and then
Monday I have an MRI and then rehearsals
like I were saying but right now I'd be
people like to sleep my eyes hurt so bad
you know II was really sleepy your eyes
hurt it's not like we're all that it's
like when eyes hurt my body hurts so bad
I want to get up and do something but I
don't because I want to do something
interesting for the videos because I
like entertaining you guys at the same
time having this real hard time
physically kidding up and doing it and
having such a good luck with my health I
don't want to risk anything you know
knock on wood there's the wood I just
looked it back of the camera is about to
die too so I see you in a bit hey this
is very hey butt-head
we're watching this cold net what and
finish my sentence think cf Gopal is
coming out on a new movie
you're pretty stoked right now yeah are
you back let me know if you need
anything all right
I love you you some slice drop like
thought yeah I am so happy to be back in
the States
even though Australia was so beautiful
and it was amazing I had the time of my
life I wish we got to do a little bit
more a lot of things were figured out
once we got there like I wanted to go
bungee jumping unfortunately though with
where we're at so I guess since I think
it's just with Sydney I could be
completely wrong
but there is a season for bungee jumping
yeah which is something new to me I've
never heard that before I really wanted
to do it but unfortunately it just it
was not in the books this time but I did
get to spend a lot of time which are and
with traveling Jenny and kenzley and
obviously got engaged which is still so
mind-blowing and crazy and I'm so happy
but very happy I'm very much on cloud
nine I will says when I was in Australia
I did not really have the opportunity to
really embrace the fact that I was
engaged and now that I'm home I'm kind
of it's hitting me more I was a little
shocked like their first couple of days
and I was like overwhelms but I didn't
really get to share it with my friends
and my family and you know obviously we
shared it online and
that's really frightening especially for
me because you know it's such a special
moment and I didn't see it coming at all
and are in it and sometimes like when
you see all that negative that's on
there and the people passing their
judgments and thinking so terrible it
puts a damper on the situation but at
the same time I have to just remember
that it's not anyone's the other moment
special moment besides myself you know
and I think a lot of people have their
worry sir not even worries I think that
they have their opinions because Charles
has been married and has been engaged
before but to be completely honest I
don't care you know I think that you
know it's kind of like the same thing
with dating even though it's definitely
in the next level but sometimes you have
to date a few people to really find if
you like and you might you might end up
dating something that you think is one
for you and then it doesn't work out and
I've been there I think I think most
people have been there but just I've had
two serious serious relationships I went
through some rough stuff I did I went
through some rough stuff and to find
Charles and find someone like him who so
loving and caring and kind and
magnificent so for everybody out there
with your opinions you know you're
entitled to have them you're entitled to
have them but just remember guys this is
new for me and so happy it's with
Charles I hope you guys
we're gonna stick around hang out with
us on this journey and go through our
ups and our downs and our crazy moments
and our happy moments and I'm just
really looking forward to it
if you guys know Charles got back super
early this morning I'm scared the shit
out of me
I was in such a deep sleep like I
couldn't get to bed this morning till
close to 6:00 a.m. because I I feel like
I hit I felt like the crazy jet lag
which is bizarre but II unfortunately I
just had a little seizure like he's
doing okay seizures little seizures oh
that's funny I got it no I got it need
some banana freak please see that's the
one thing that I hate so much of the
always says is this guy is just gonna
chill out and rest up I've got his water
and his OJ and he's just gonna hang out
with the girls and the boy
I should say the boys so and I don't
know you guys can hear it but we have
these like races going on downtown st.
Pete I have been able to hear them all
day literally all day basically they
take over the whole downtown area block
up all the streets and it's pretty cool
I used to go to it like back in the day
but I haven't had a chance to go to it
in a few years but it's actually pretty
darn fun look who's here hello mr. tad
bug diesel very happy got his best foot
is here and all the girls and all the
boys are just hanging out with Charlie
now kind of keeping him company
so obviously you saw or heard when we
talked about slip what happened and I
was kind of like kind of going through
it I looked at my phone because I have a
list of all the types of seizures I have
and when I have him
how I have him at what time and it looks
like the last one I had was January 18
2006 teen that was gonna say dude on
sick so I was actually getting really
really really excited that I was already
over two months or close to two months
without having one at this point it's
just becoming like I'm not getting I
don't get sad anymore when I have a
seizure I'm now just getting really
really angry at first I was like oh this
sucks I can kind of get a little bit
depressed but now I'm just like I just
need a punching bag he's so angry at the
whole situation I want to say 100% but
like 97 or 98% of the
and updo having are fortunate enough for
me to be either asleep or laying down so
I'm not like up walking potentially get
hit my face it's like that one time
that's why you have that scar
where I got up and I don't face-first
into the ground and like nose dived
right and into the ground and that's why
I always have that's remember that
moment honestly sometimes I wish I just
didn't even make a video when I had a
seizure and just never did it but I feel
like that's kind of like lying to myself
and lying to you guys because I feel
like you guys could see way through it
when I have a situation like that
because it just it's all over my face
you could totally tell so that's why I
kind of record and film when these
happen and like when I don't want to
ally makes me she's like you need to do
this because you're gonna be upset with
yourself you know in a couple days if
you didn't do it and she's right she's
absolutely right I don't want to totally
bring everything down the vibe down in
the video you know I always say that too
but I just wanted to let you know I am
okay this fucking sucks is pissing me
off it will get better
alright well not to be rude and the
video on a sad note I just want to say
thank you guys so much for watching
today's video and I hope to see you guys
all on the from here to Mars towards
coming up have a great night guys
all right here's the good idea I'm not
gonna leave you on a sad note
love to do my like stream close up
