good morning guys get ready to shoot the
music video those yours buddy
yes although Susan mine using mine
Jennifer those are my newest ones over
there the upgraded limited edition pink
it was a fancy-pants over here how are
you guys doing kind of keep their heads
so if you guys have ever wonder what a
did you give you a look like behind the
scenes you're gonna see it today at 3
months think it's gonna be like any
other shoots of course there's gonna be
a lot of set-up time a lot of waiting
and awesomeness as a result
 lawnmower that thing looking
good there buddy dude I'm telling it
vogue truthfully gaming this was it was
too lazy to drive zone hair today truth
is I've been here for an hour he's like
I don't know where to start
look at how hot that thing is I don't
know if you guys essentially cooking
right now golly we play piano push for
it
you're the actual piano there are no
strings
yeah you're right look at that it's a
fourth enemy so you just look really
cool without going find a music video
without fog but it got over here yeah
see anything yet no no what kind of
camera to get the red what lens you got
on there Calla nice
bring it back up like
evening out all the smoke every time I
do hu
this is probably one of the biggest ones
for the band obviously to see how it
kind of you know comes out see here's
the track I was talking about the camera
can go back and forth and a nice fluid
manner so that way doesn't look like
this basically so kind of look like this
yeah way nicer order was bass they got
me here most likely is not mine which
I'm gonna be kind of bummed if it's not
yep it's not but whatever the red this
week I missed a very red you guys love
the Sun
actually we just got back from Australia
you warming up the tracks
what isn't it like yeah exactly almost
ready hey dunk stay in the shot bud yeah
there we go
try to do all the sound rush least you
have strings put their fake strings
their imaginary string I found out my
face is like 50 pounds that actually
kind of hurts probably put a hole right
through oh yeah let's try I already
found out quois doesn't have strings
that's the only thing that gets the cops
drinking coffee out of the coffee cups
why don't you just get a cup of it
doesn't have coffee in it previously let
the only cup this is more where it
should be I think by the end and then
I'll show you
see it's kind of like what you're gonna
be looking at nice glasses by the way
who got you those nice birthday glasses
Wow looking good there
here's the fun part about shooting in a
warehouse sometimes people complain so
Danny's not even playing a real kit and
somebody's already complaining this is
too loud for somebody which is kind of
funny
thanks folio folio tool Colio tool right
and if you want to get licensed I
emailed a full WL seekpeek glimpse so i
guys get
I'm just about to do my like stream
close-ups and okay so what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna save this pic I'm gonna put
it on Instagram we're gonna do a little
contest and I'm gonna give it away so
this is the pic I've been using for the
entire video music video shoot and
somebody's gonna get this pic in the
music video
that's a rock now we just gotta edit it
so have them edit it and it'll be online
soon I'll let you guys know yeah
I would be doing this on the plane the
whole way home there can look at you go
to I mean yeah I mean you're a smart man
you know Charlie how much I removed from
my from by doing in Chapter 17 2009
what 3.1 million others that's what
happened that's what I got out of myself
holy holy one so you've been how
high I'm with mine
dude that is that's so just to come back
from like Guatemala drug drug lords
coming here living off the street
learning English going to school
starting two companies three companies
going to three point there's a 3.3
million mmm 3.1 and then the market
crash that is crazy I was
getting evicted from my business I was
getting evicted from my half million
dollars home where I was living with
three kids no money in the bank
did your you somebody should be making a
movie of you some people after talking
with that guys who just kind of shows
you that everyone has a story to tell
that guy honestly almost sparked me to
tears okay so you guys heard basically
he literally started from the ground up
came to go from Guatemala I guess his
cousin was in the drugs and things like
that and because of that his niece was
shot like 200 times he said literally
200 times so he just left Guatemala with
nothing and came to America and started
a company got up to three point three
million dollars and then lost it all and
he was just telling me that he exactly
let that keep him down he's gonna do it
again I was like even tell him was like
you were the most inspiring person I've
spoken with in a very very freaking long
time hope listening to that man
you know kind of kind of kicked
something in yourself and kind of
inspired you to do the things you want
to do I had to go get my medication goes
completely out what I did is I saved
this guitar pic this is a pic from the
music video story of tonight and I'm
going to do this as a little contest I'm
going to give this to one of you guys
probably have to do is go to Instagram
comps I Charles Trippy I wanted to
follow me on there I want you to tell me
your dream and then I want you to tag
someone else in that little sentence of
you telling you the dream I want you to
tag somebody else to tell their dream as
well and I will go through that and I
will find somebody and I will personally
send us you guys so I immediately get
here with everyone and apparently
they're already discussing where we're
getting their higher wedding planners we
are your wedding planner
we got a planner we got everyone figure
it out we got a ordained minister Danny
what do you do I'll learn the cello
cello yeah well you can then you can you
can say there's our music I'll do music
and there's our we got a flower girls we
got a ring bearer
so figure it out apparently dally don't
have to worry about absolute maths here
at the LAX Airport it was so funny I was
actually in the sky priority lane and
myself and actually hilariously enough
naoki the v-j guy and I were like
cracking jokes about how like slow was I
didn't realize it was him it just we
else said something
yeah listen that kind of music it was a
nice guy though
going home anyway guys this is where I
have to say good night and don't forget
to go check out the Instagram thing so
nobody can actually get the pic and I
will see you guys tomorrow
have a great night bye guys I feel like
it's good we're gonna find the auto-tune
for everybody's learn other words they
gave me one of these
my hands are way too big I can't I can't
do these Louise C was trying to show me
but you can balcony you dude
this is like my french
little girl what's your street black boy
right away we're on the same page you
got you know the film going green and
everything
a little dog and the doctor going oh
it's playing playing with the dog
they're gonna throw ball then it gets
hit by a car
