couple hours and then going so I just
got through the hotel and apparently is
the wrong hotel booked by management so
I have to go to a different hotel Oh
tired I'm just like some sleep just want
to get some sleep because then I have to
get up at night two hours and start
shooting and that lady at the front desk
was a complete jerk complete jerk one of
its one of the scissor kick somebody
that's Mike's sister kick somebody then
fall asleep in that time I don't like
even fixin to kick someone attack
I just be like
what I'm out of it right now anyway
bottom line wrong freakin hotel awesome
hell mi where they put us
I'm actually up moving right now I'm
over going to Phil's place and we're
gonna shoot some special cool thing
right there and yeah so you get my
second or third or fourth wind right now
they might actually not really anyway so
I got here and we're gonna be filming
something special with Phil and this
whole team over here I can't quite tell
you what it is yet but in a couple days
I think it's about like a week or two
but what is this going up this is going
up tomorrow we're only friends anyone
that anyone even cares or maybe be like
oh I know what that is anyone know they
already know yeah well okay there we go
so it sort of been out guys you'll
figure it out I'm sure anyway so we're
gonna film something with Phil on his
team and then I'm probably gonna go back
and fall asleep again but I'm up right
now so I got this mini boost of
adrenaline so the first time actually
seen a set in person you know they were
like just make it orange so we're like
okay orange I like it
God God literally or let me try to eat
those this is a prop no they're real
they're real everything I think they
actually would de probably would
actually it was a dozen cockroaches
yes those dang cockroaches yeah those
popcorn anyway so I'm gonna do this so
we can get some work done
so the fun part about filming is just
like in the show like I don't remember I
think was Malaysia when we were playing
the show and we had the local radio
station coming through our ears instead
of actually us coming through the years
we're kind of having the same situation
going on right now I don't even know how
I would be able to do that I don't like
it it's this frequent dogs bad that was
bad that was a really bad one that was a
really bad one so we're kind of figuring
this out right now we'll be good
we'll be fine I'm confident we're
playing this game right now and you'll
see when it's out I can't really tell
you when it's out cuz it's gonna be a
little bit but Phil and I are battling
it's all I got to say and so far he's
one up right now and I feel like I got
the best best cards to beat him
we'll see no I gotta say I got it right
now I'm gonna undo all your progress
well I played one card that was
ridiculous and I could I like I
literally I fell in love with Phil -
it's like I can't deny this one I'm just
good at selling yeah you can't times
yeah sometimes all about is all about
the mm-hmm all the how
to spin it yeah this is the bad part I
didn't find out until recently that
she's afraid of clowns I had that card I
didn't realize it so I could immediately
be Phil I like I like the possibility
that someone doesn't know what game
we're playing and they're like how does
the Hat yeah the clown knowledge I want
you guys in the comments to figure out
this game that's I know you will so Phil
and I are starting a new band yeah it's
called the we suck I feel like it's good
we're trying to find the auto-tune for
everything exactly I'm just like how do
I do they gave me one of these
my hands are way too big I can't I can't
do these dailies he was trying to show
me but I just can't talk I mean you dude
this is like my French film little girl
walking through the street
black-and-white yeah yeah
got like we're on the same page you got
you know the film film green and
everything oh no they just found a
little dog and then the dog they're like
oh it's playing the traffic playing with
the dogs they're gonna throw a ball then
gets hit by a car exactly but it's okay
hey it's okay the dog is okay guys but
then the kid gets hit by a car ah
exactly kid's dad is he
oh no I just think wait wait the other
filming right it's such a dark dark day
shooting so I went in filming that stuff
with Phil and I just got out and the
sun's gone say it's such a weird
freaking day this vlog is just gonna be
weird cuz it's kind of like one of those
days where it's like the day but it's
not a day because like I lost a day
going out there and I got updated coming
back so today's day for me is like 48
hours it's weird
so we day so I'm trying to find out
who's here and then maybe try to get
some some dinner some lunch
I don't know breakfast I don't know
whatever it is she's waiting on a car
right now and then heading back it was
nice got the see Phil I don't usually
get to see Phil very often so we got to
talking that's why it's dark right now
we got the Todd for a few hours the
filming that we just did was freakin
hilarious
I'll let you guys know when that's out
should be soon I'm not really really
quite sure they gotta edit everything
here's my car I'm so hungry
is there anywhere to eat this entire
place actually Chinese food I'm like
okay over the Chinese it should've known
here in Chinatown so I need to try to
find some place
we're not wandering off and getting
killed it's a girl
so how is it to be home right now I'm
super jealous you're tired I know I
can't go it's 8 p.m. I still have yet to
find my time I don't know what time it
is it would be equivalent to being world
class yeah then it is Sydney it's 3:20
p.m. Auckland is 5:20 I never find food
that's not Chinese food okay love you
too bye k-stars just sending the video
and I just realized I haven't actually
eaten mega distracted by everything
you can't come to LA and not go to
in-n-out burger because like I said in
the last clip I'm in Chinatown and I
don't think they have a Chinatown
in-n-out burger maybe they do I don't
know
alright see we're close this one is I
told you I was gonna do it
doing it this guy
or poison yourself
all right
you want a burger you sure you don't
want a burger I got a big one
Oh cake you want a burger you sure I got
an animal style which means good a
random CTFxC just spotted me playing
drums with my french fries you know all
right so I officially hate myself right
now so I actually don't think I've
explained what's happening tomorrow and
the reason why I'm here in LA and I
didn't go home which I wish I did is
tomorrow
We The Kings is actually shooting a
music video for the story of tonight
which is exciting because this would be
the first music video that has Kohli and
myself in it one minute
well I screwed myself on that one anyway
so I was saying is this gonna be the
first music video that Colie and myself
are actually gonna be in which I'm
excited I think it's been I don't know
if it's Coley's first music video but
it's definitely my first music video
official music video like this like a
professional one so I'm really really
excited about it don't really know what
to expect or anything like that but
that's basically why I'm here extra la
right now so going home
alright Internet well I'm going to go to
bed right now because this time
difference thing is kind of screwing me
up in tomorrow we have a nine am call
time or Lobby call for the music video
shoot so don't forget to subscribe guys
forgot I'm gonna show you guys all
behind the scenes of the new music video
and all that fun stuff and as I'm doing
this right now I apologize if I'm making
everyone sick because it seemed like a
good idea before it started and now I'm
realizing it wasn't so I will see you
guys tomorrow bye where you think
internet so Kinsley is got our secret
VIP pass for us
we've got to the front of the line of
everything you can to zero think you
kidding that you get to stay small
forever hi foodies don't
how's this good say trick so you can get
on the plan
apparently Caitlyn is hunter your flight
actually got canceled and they had to go
on at home right
I don't know either we're through good
to go
wait we lost Ratan
honey what happened your kid
