hey guys so this is gonna be our would
take it's gonna be a little bit
different obviously you can tell I am
mad at home it was feeling weird Ellie
took me to bring the ER right now so I
can't really talk everything's fine I
just felt really dizzy again and I
didn't want a couple of days so we're
just getting things checked out yeah
might as well I got the insurance please
won't make them pay for it but honestly
I missed this place because it's been
like a whole year now two years of baby
we're actually talking this might have
been the same room when Ali had dengue
fever that we waited in but yeah so
we're just here because I started
feeling weird again and they have any
tested and prodded and there's all this
stuff I've all poked up again but I
don't know this is we came here as a
precaution just to make sure because I
mean like the seizure stuff I just gonna
make sure to keep an eye on that stuff
what'd she say that it's possible that
you cannot become immune to your
medicine well you might need to up your
medicine because your body can get
adjusted to it yeah you know that's why
I changing it right you gotta be one
step ahead of all that so this is where
we get us spend our one relaxing day of
doing that and that's okay and that's
fine but I mean like got to do what you
got to do yeah but you know what
we're okay we've got awesome nurses so
far we're just hanging out
yeah listen to all the weird noises that
this room makes because it's so funny
there there's so many dings and bings
and people talking over intercom all
around this room you know and I'm like
trying to find out where it is you know
what you could do is like if you spend a
lot of time in the hospital you just
record everything and then put it on a
computer and like make like a like a
Skrillex dubstep thing well yeah so we
came to the same hospital they had to
come to a couple couple years in Vegas
and weirdest job we're here to check on
things and just
it's okay because you know we talked to
his mom and his sister and it's just I
think it's better just to be safe than
sorry because I'm gonna tell her look
you just need to get some more sleep
honestly it's probably what they're
gonna tell me to do or they're gonna
probably tell me put the camera down
but um I don't know I wanted to come and
do one take today I was a little bit
nervous because I don't want to scare
people because it's the only one take
you won't see you later
oh you'll see one day but I just wanted
to make the video today because that's
our thing that's what we do yeah this is
real life you got a documented I've
talked about it way worse so this this
I'm not worried about but I gotta go cuz
the doctor is coming soon so I will see
you in tomorrow's video oh yeah live
show or something like that I just want
you guys understand he's okay we're just
checking things up yeah it's always one
step ahead
that's the thing is that's what I was
almost fifty steps ahead I know it's
nothing bad because I had the MRI less
than a month ago so I don't think it's
that I think it's more of like a seizure
onset what she what she call it I'll go
into the video I'm still talking
I can't remem oh yeah there's something
she called it something but it's like
something that happens like after you
have a seizure take your body still like
maintains a certain feeling or something
right so like I think you guys know my
left side kind of it goes like numb a
weak limp it just goes stupid basically
cuz you know I had the surgery on the
right so the right affects the left
looks it's a Anatomy guys anyway so yeah
like I said the doctor is coming so I
will see you guys in tomorrow's video
tomorrow all right
yes bye
