good morning guys we're gonna see some
kangaroos and we got the little one all
dressed up hi you so pretty I know I
can't get that high - like hi-yah Jovie
kangaroo oh my gosh yeah baby girl you
have your first backpack I'll show you
pants
Jenny's up with so much that they gave
you some stuff Jenny put the little bow
we finally made it
hi babe here's your passport push stone
Curly's rainbow lorikeet you see the
baby kangaroos this is freaking out
what's a stone bearing they don't sleep
legaly ribbon how old do they get yeah
we'll get a bro photo we'll go with our
man Ruben is he hitting on you already
Ruben yeah what'd I say about that
so is it true that they essentially are
getting high by the digesting all the
food so when they'd come become
aggressive is because they're cranky
yeah because they're like so calm now
it's just like Travis is hungry over
there I'm hungry
what's this was damn high glory that's
another myth right Carrie you mean creep
when they make and which ones that which
make it possible they can give him their
eyes Renee is Renee is it yeah yeah and
all it is Renee honey having a snooze
and the fact she didn't really cut they
in love to have a cousin to get in your
way
yeah Chloe he's bossy every time oh
really
don't you dare jump so she's actually
cool all that loves to come out yeah
yeah she's just gonna wait like go a
whole like 180 backwards yeah look right
up there thank you so much I keep
looking at you just like Sally what you
Jesus having our own little fun over
there I love bringing Allie to like zoos
and like sanctuaries like this that's
what this is actually it's a sanctuary
it's not a zoo as you can tell because
she gets so excited
it's so cute hey Bert how'd you get out
these were the birds that were flying
around where I proposed valley that
would kept calling dinosaurs or
pterodactyls wait how do they not get
out bigger there's no fence this is
awesome hey careful there's a dinosaur
one you're screaming be broken a little
pullback see how everything's just like
flying all over the place this is how
places like this should be not in cages
some of these birds are obviously in
cages because they think they're not as
trained or something I don't know what
it is but I mean like the feet there's
Chun they're all over the place
Okwe seems like you got the ice cream
cones full of grass which is like the
saddest ice-cream cone you could
possibly have Trav's trying to fit in
with all the Kangaroos right now
tarrying coon yes
vegan come guys got his is Joey oh that
we got to find the game on happy feet
there's a happy feet it's kind of funny
that when you see penguins in sand
because usually at that stereotypical
thing of ice hey buddy we can that one
up being rude baby this is gonna take
your tone what's that what is that when
we on the Internet
they're having more cones he's just
hanging on to my hand
welcome we're friends we're holding
hands
oh sorry Charles and I might have to
reevaluate this she's taken bro he's
literally just holding my hand so good
oh it's gonna crap out of me there bud
I said give it to me they're like still
pleased with himself when he gets up a
buddy say hi to the Internet
say hi Internet pigeons going in like a
natural pigeon thing kind of funny that
kangaroo is less scare than a pigeon it
is say subscribe what a tip bro you
don't like this deal that's gross
apparently they like leaves like fresh
leaves you know fresh leaf oh oh my gosh
did you hear that noise is that crazy
sounds like back up well you're feeding
one the ones like trying to attack my
neck here huh I was watching my hands I
bent down like like so and then I came
up like this and immediately thought
that was a bird that's so scary now
after I've I've seen it's a stick but at
first it frightened me she's in her own
world right now if you'd loving it no
idea
let's the other reason they caught a
flying fox it's just because they
resemble a fox like how could the years
so he's three months old
see I'm used to alligators and this is
insane
it's taking up the entire pool right
Terry they crocodile staring into your
soul girls get in there I think I can
get in there it was the scariest part of
this tale yes its tail is like a Dilla
these are dingoes does a very Diesel
hello dingo here's Rocco hey Rocco how
was your first visit to see some koalas
what's it again get a lot of quality
time quality time around the corner with
the coils
this is happy little bit you might
territory okay so it once what did you
want to be a tryout go for it no Cheers
is married you both have exact same face
my eyes water
I could put cheese on my pathology that
Megan I feel like you're just masking
something
would you like cheese with your dog's
East I think it's easy straight what is
your verdict I'm gonna pass but it's
good Ally I love you Ravi
no any bread thank you so much I mean
it's delicious but get to finish it your
bottom line I didn't playing this way oh
Jenny Jenny your whole plate isn't here
I think I trust me I've tried it got it
yes okay for today's video
that's me see
because crying how to crack
