so I had to wear one of my other rings
in front of it because it's a little too
thick and I definitely don't want to
lose it
and as to weights we pretty and I can't
good morning guys
are you crying
Oh crazy I tried to text Kohli as a
thank you for making that song there's
all yesterday's video choline rope that
specifically for that video and I heard
the text of us thank you to travel Jenny
and Danny and everybody else Melissa
everyone was to keep your mouth shut
isn't everybody everything what's all
that I say what you say to me you've got
to be very opposite Coley
that's what kills you it's just like I
love the way you just explained that
ears and the yeah alright look like this
okay I love you
I'm freaking out
not a bad freak out but now I'm having
the other valve additional I know I
cried like a little baby like a that I
pretty much woke up this morning feeling
like dehydrated excitement last night
everything was closed so this morning
we're kind of having a little
celebratory dinner sets breakfast brunch
don't know where Travis way
let's rap I needed a bird call you even
know where there is I was trying to get
healthy but as I was saying mixed berry
waffle the next thing I said with ice
cream but it went too far so I have to
do it see how we look at that new I have
volcanoes
there's my dairy for the day yes there's
my carbohydrates with the bread you know
what Thank You Dravid every letter a
balance feeling a lot better but I can
only find a cart that was accessible
that was this size still works
I'm laughing now but when that beach Sun
hits me we're gonna be cuddling up on
that little thing
Touche so yesterday I forgot to do
sunscreen we were scoping out the pastel
red is Finnegan maybe see my face I'm
just gonna get better we're gonna see
contrast wait oh my god Charles isn't
that terrible
it's worse I had the swoop shirt the
foop shirt was a wider neck well you
have a great pharmacy in yes or it's uh
or it's tourist and what I need to do is
they just get full sleeves that we can't
tell when you're better
now you can't shoulda wore a turtleneck
that would have been hilarious through
your shirt it is a turtleneck no but can
you imagine that you're just kind of
like right underneath your hair life
would have probably gotten burnstow
somehow I don't know that how this
happens every single time but the girls
are always waiting on Travis in myself
and she has a baby that's sweetie coming
know what darling since we're so close
we had to come back to Bondi we had to
come back
trav is gonna get a tattoo with Kinsey's
aim on her guy's gonna get a tattoos day
Kinsley's named baby over here hanging
out I'll be your best man
she'll be the maid of honor
take a few months I have 24 hours we're
gonna try to doing some graphs today
your have and I are gonna have to get
some sand and then plug up the stand and
make sure our tent doesn't fly out I
think we can do better
we've got practice now so I figured you
do at that time and then maybe drive and
I are gonna go bodyboarding
maybe hours Oh we'll see I think these
were sad
we get better at this patina you're
doing a great job
hang tight this is getting funnier and
funnier every time
I think I think the seagulls are
laughing I can't believe I'm saying this
we did it we did it
she can't stop looking at it his first
ocean venture yeah yeah first time at
the Indian Ocean I totally do that
record the biggest years gotta commit
you've got to go to think of worse ah
it's refreshing go
you can't say you came out with
Australia and you didn't go and bother
oh Jenny probably like all these girls
in bikinis that are like nothing I like
showing potentially which maybe she's
never gonna be allowed to wear
I guess I can't push you in now can't
you got a ring and a baby wait well
there it is the way whale
there you go what's the verdict good
right yeah it's shocking yeah
sick junket jumping into like a spring
wrap oh oh that's right now baby right
now
I see the father but just fall right on
her butt i sat down in the tent with
Kinsley and Travie Dana then I realized
I need to get rid of this stupid can so
I'm trying to walk around I get really
Nancy at the beach
I've always have to feel like I'm never
the type of person that I can sit down
and just chill at the beach I have to
keep moving you know I want to get rid
of this super tan so bad feels like an
idiot all right come on start so you're
never gonna know now
he's been an awesome girl named Lisa
from Sweden and some awesome people from
Madrid as well just randomly bond day
which is kind of crazy if you think the
most random thing right now is like
really Australia Bondi Beach we just saw
awesome CTFxC is just walking around I
always talk about that but it's it
always blows my mind it will forever
blow my mind
Oh
clearly takes after Jenny all right fine
decide if we want to go in this pool or
not I feel kind of dumb going in the
pool when the oceans that close and it's
that amazing but it's pretty cool
hard to fight
she's like I know I had to look this way
checks the following effect it's really
good look at who's just like so happy I
don't know it's funny with the hopping
of their hair your hair grow up in it so
we're just at darling harbour and Travis
they have a conversation over there
buddy
yeah there's a guy screaming from across
the way and of course I'm gonna respond
yeah what do you guys think
Travis things Tokyo I kind of agree I
also think maybe like a Seattle port or
something like that
it's like there's a harbor you know what
maybe it feels like Australia maybe
feels like Darling Harbour Australia
so we have gone to Harry's cafe it's
this little tiny little place in the
side of the road literally apparently
it's like this famous little place where
like all these musicians come like
Aerosmith Elton John The Motley Crue all
these people come after a show here in
Sydney and it's literally this big it's
so cool-looking hope you enjoyed today's
video don't forget to subscribe and we
will see us tomorrow as always
technically today is the first day of
Ali and I being officially engaged full
day and it's amazing hello thank you so
much one I could tell you this it's just
it's cool no just that makes me so happy
and I feel like I see it all the time
again ever in a million years
get married or being gauged and it's a
really cool feeling is crazy it's weird
okay
thank you I keep like fuck every year
like five minutes like I keep thinking
or talking to somebody about and I keep
hearing ups I just think that life is so
unpredictable and I think that it just
kind of shows that you should always
look up and be optimistic about life you
know I mean well it's not even that I
just think that it's not you should
always like look up and be optimistic or
just think that you can't look at the
negative that happens in your life for
the things that are hurt in your life
and just think that that's exactly how
it's always gonna be or that's how it
should be and I was like that for a
really long time and I don't know just
very happy so I'm like it's weird cuz
part of me is like I never did Lanier's
thought that this kind of stuff would be
on tape you know maybe somebody would
take a picture but it would be on the
tape and I never get any on your side
cane gauge and ever and you know that
but it's kind of a cool moment to look
back but I know we keep watching the
video and every time I watch the video
that music just makes me cry into like
tara cold just did such an amazing job
about it Oh whit it's really amazing to
be able to capture you know good
like precious yeah every moment anything
that you go through good bad great
whatever it is it's amazing that you've
been able to capture them uh I'm gonna
bed about my car
alright guys well I will see you
tomorrow and hopefully tomorrow we'll
get to play with some kangaroos bye guys
