good morning internet so fun thing it's
Ally's birthday over here and as she
kept trying to call me because I was
totally asleep my phone was on silent so
Ben did the awesome good friend thing
and give her a play-by-play what I was
doing atara sleeping and on his phone is
was on silent and then there's the phone
ok no worries thanks Ben I think I get
real gross picture his face you'll want
it yes you just look up back to sleep
you like my plate is perfect what a
psycho he just scratches but but I'm
sure he thought of you when he did it I
like her response usually does it later
than that there must be something wrong
that's love though that's love the kind
of someone when you scratch your butt
yeah she knows why scratch her blood
she's got my butt scratching schedule
she's on your bus writing sketches he's
got it usually I can't reach it that's
why she knows good morning guys right
don't question internet is this
eucalyptus Heidi Oh perfect alright so
we're leaving Adelaide right now we're
heading upper end of the day off and
Perth thanks no we don't we have a show
girl I apologize here we go again
hey suitcase as your suitcase good boy
yes good job you find her trap
I think she's here she's in Florida when
I think and I'm a grown man oh and also
I'm a grown man yeah you should go up
and she say yeah I represent we the
kings I'd love to do an interview few
people are back at least one more time
and I don't know why they're filming
yeah compensating over there aren't you
all right so I wanted to go talk to the
news people what's going on right now is
that they're trying to shoot the soccer
team and we're pretty much blocking all
the shots the ball are here big wide
shots with a boiler room it's Coley's
turn this time I grab that foot Kohli
bend over hey pull your pants down so
these things are way too low but
apparently if you twist them
counterclockwise big little higher like
its it harder
I'll feel like a little kid you'll be
like a little kid now now why another
big kid table
let the mighty fine packing job there
just got here to Perth we just got here
our awesome hotel and I just want to do
an awesome time lapse of our beautiful
beautiful view
curious this actually opens oh my god
actually does
we can do what they do in every action
film and see if we can jump in then
there's no way you you hurts so
bad there's no way
well son of a bitch now that he will get
that you may be asking yourself hey
Danny why do you have Charles camera
well it turns out all those times you
made fun of me for leaving my stuff on
turns out Charles is just as capable oh
I've get really bad at this I apologize
i suck at this Kohli wanna play was just
rope like when you were a kid I don't
even know how to climb away really he
never did that oh you wrap it around
your leg and stuff man hi I actually not
in the air I would like to that's a
shock i actually I know really stupid
things what time stupid like rope
climbing arm wrestling just really dumb
stupid things I'm actually good at you
know what's an active my years
and it will sound mrs. go to last time
in this blogger play oh gosh oh my god
 dream which hit some dream whip I
to whose birthday is it Chris Chris his
birthday nobody's Charleston was broken
we didn't want too many weapons that's
fine
sex Jason was too risky oh right you
would touch birthday present so he call
it to you
me
miss billion
Mary
I don't get that pain really quick
tonight is rising offset like yeah my
sled is going to call it with the
uppercut goalie got way too into it
great I'll great goalie came back tub ok
but I got me too it's got a bittersweet
right now absolutely the last show at
the New Zealand / australian tour
another awesome tour in a rough tour you
know I have had a my personal ups and
downs
but I think I honestly think that I kind
of went through it pretty awesomely I'm
pretty proud of myself a proud of the
guys and the crew everyone involved you
know I'm just I'm just proud that we did
it and you can't drive us in background
I just probably did it successfully and
we're all alive and I'm so excited
because it stays out actually right now
Ally's birthday and tomorrow oh by the
way guys today's actually date 2,500
2,500 of the see Kevin C is today we got
tomorrow Allie's would be here and we're
gonna go celebrate her birthday I think
Jamie and Kinsley get here to actually
know once I heard me tomorrow when is it
tomorrow no tomorrow that's wrong I'm
confused my days the next day the next
day all right they're gonna be here soon
I promise and Ali so excited she's a
little bummed if she has to fly on a
birthday but she's super excited that
she's gonna be here for her birthday
spending it with everyone you know just
thinking about this tour it's it's been
rough I'm not gonna lie it's been a
rough tour for me because I've had just
like little mini panic attacks when I
take my medicine because
it's kind of weird adjustment for
everything because you know the time
difference but I think towards the end
obviously I've gotten better at it our
bodies have just eat a little bit more
which is kind of scared because I wonder
if I go back home you know if it's going
to have problems adjusting back last day
of the tour
perth australia never thought I'd be
here when you're practicing playing
guitar and wanting to be in a band as a
young kid 15 16 years old and then you
know wanting to do all that stuff and
now you have that opportunity I'm like
10,000 miles away from ever first place
I ever started playing bass first base
ever picked up it's a dream come
true and it's it's crazy it's crazy not
to mention I get to beat all you guys
watch these videos it's even crazier
just all you throw in the world come so
not only do I get to play music all over
the world I get to meet all you guys
that practically family all over the
world so that's it's a double whammy for
me oh wow we're not even close let's get
tropical
you want it do you want to pass out
just like that we're done all right go
get on the plane and I'll see you very
very soon I love you fly safe okay I'm
not flying anywhere you're flying at me
I love you everybody is so I just got
off the phone with Ali apparently we
didn't know this you need a visa just to
visit Australia so Caitlin Jenny and
Allie rolls scrambling to get the visa
this to come over we just got it done
now a little bit of stress I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video and I will
see you guys tomorrow voice by yet so
i'll be on camera no
I'm Way too close to you and I
understand why they're loud music as
close to you feel like you're going to
jump at me every second you're going to
are you
Eric you tell me how they list
and they inspect up
you know what this reminds me of waiting
and jurassic park waiting for a raptor
to see you get you never know where
they're at
normal little hope
