Oh No good morning Adelaide
good morning droves
so we don't play for a little bit so
you're gonna want to walk around see if
I can find some more things today before
they'll close like yesterday so Caitlyn
that I came to the International mall
today because I just realized that earn
my shorts from last year fit me anymore
what growing old is all about but so I'm
gonna buy a few things for my Australia
trip could students and I'm not prepared
so I'm kind of excited about this and I
needed an opinion so that's why I bring
the sister plus I wanted to hang out
with her too so I guess that's draws
from each other yes Kevin goes Ali I
would have withdrawals from not seeing
you so I need to hang out with you today
I couldn't agree more
Kayla and I are walking through the mall
and I saw this blossom right here and I
guess this is like thirds I don't see it
folks for some but it's an anime
character and I thought it was really
kind of interesting now they don't need
models anymore model their bottom unless
unless possibly she's inside material of
us that might be a model they turned
into anime I know the puzzle they do
makeup like that so of course when
Kailen I come out together we always
like to go and get something to eat
because why not kind of foodies
but we came to the place is closed off
beats and it's an international class I
came here with char like a long time ago
but look at this I just specially look
at this broccoli - its guacamole and
sweet potato chips looks freaking
amazing superfood dip in get it ooh did
you get what I said dip in are the gun
balls holy F false and I just learned
her a lemonade because I love lemonade
so much and I was like oh I refuse to
keep it in the house because I feel like
I would drink the entire thing
one day and she was telling me how tom
has this obsession with capri sentence
which are amazing yeah yeah so she was
saying about that which goes to the
grocery store if he comes there and
there's a good deal on three phones you
get like my boxes on them yeah literally
goods five boxes but which you know
those are amazing but still that's all
he'll drink and that's kind of how I
feel about lemonade if I have back then
I find them all in on there I'm good
you know when you're at the end with a
strong and that bubbly weird time yeah
you never grow up I guess bets look will
never go away
he said girl naturally choose
I don't know if I ought to be some agree
with that but that's that could be
something that we can find out it's free
sign a hundred percent you
I don't really think it might be now
like now I'm a better breed than I used
to be
so we just got home and we see something
at the front door and I'm gonna cry like
I got some flowers
what if long busy today you want to grab
him and bring him in the kid of mine and
look at that mailman came that's also
very fucking surprised it was to my
bitch from your home are you guys ready
for your ears please oh hi pop hi pops I
love you I love you I love you I love
you I love come here oh come here come
here crazy oh and oh hi hi hi right come
here
hi guys well yeah come here
hey no all right we say hello say mom I
have missed you all day that's what
she's doing come here doll hi precious
girl night just slice and dice these
bitches up in here is the most amazing
person in the world and I love you
forever
so I can't be there for your actual
birthday but that means they'll be here
soon these these two dates earlier
that's it he knows my birthday's on
there so that's what charges sent to me
thank you honey I love it you give these
bad boys out what this oh you got me
chop and I feel like this might actually
be for the dogs not for me that's
because you're leaving soon so did augs
get you
okay I'll get out the flowers in the
getting's char got me some flowers for
my birthday Thank You charlie love them
as they're pleasant surprise to come
home to so I love sunflowers so far
birthday you've been amazing this is
awesome
I love sunflowers and he knows how to
get to my heart I've never been like a
rose girl or anything of that sort but
this is just I love sunflowers and this
is so beautiful I love this so much I
love the note there's even chocolates
and there's a little bear that was a
really great surprise I love you char
thank you
he loves him too because she's gonna get
some of the chocolates with me thank you
honey I love you I can't wait to see you
write down which one do you want you
could pick first pick your poison oh
I'll you get to paint well then I have
like the scissors and the knife like
Katelyn pick your poison you pick well
you like the chocolate jar okay well no
just split the whole box and I must say
it was still is just one big happy
universe
yuck you also surely got a little
balloon to to get the blue
son of a bitch that's the balloon they
gave you I wanted them give you a
big-ass balloon
I was expecting a big balloon there we
go a little bit better okay I've got the
chocolate Zoey don't be dumb Marley
Marley want a cookie this is one of
those things that you have to see here
at Adelaide
apparently it's a pig statue and there
we go we can say we saw
his name's Horatio all right the last
time come here let me grab yours all
right
stop moving Hey stop moving all right
everybody's ready we're gonna go try and
take a walk I'll throw you this together
I've actually never accomplishes tasks
on my own so this is gonna be a little
interesting for me wish me luck
you guys are excited you guys are ready
do we get to see the pigs in the
adelaide squared I think what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna walk around and see if I
can find a thing shows out till like
2:00 or 3:00 for a soundcheck and I
think there's a zoo down the street on
the corner that's so freaking cool to me
so I'm trying to knock off little things
here in Adelaide and here's the other
thing
two giant balls so I've seen Adelaide
fall
yep they're balls
catchy I wonder what they found sir
I think I'm walking behind Crocodile
Dundee holy shit I'm actually kind of
fangirling right now so after walking
around aimlessly a lot of the nice
people from it
Adelaide kind of walked me in the right
direction of the zoo I found it
let's go see smiles what are you smiling
at how are you
getting hungry huh I always have this
love/hate with the zoo the best thing
I've ever been to was one in Europe
where they had no cages anywhere it was
just basically is very wild and they
just had that grunts and things like
that so the pigeon they kind of jump
over but it's all like you know
completely open I think they have to
baby talk
this is the creepiest room for me being
someone who hates snakes I'm gonna get
reptiles I just hate snakes
they just creeped me out I don't know if
I think it's this pissy I know that's
big it's guys who think there's a kids
playing around
it's freaking out look at this just
chilling on that rock
I thought it was real perfect good my
heart stopped for a second not even
funny
this is terrifying why would anyone do
that
it's not even funny is anything clever
god-awful so look out for they play
hello wombat look it's me
it's what a viewing camera
milk
I'm Way too close to you I don't
understand why they're letting me get
disclosed to you feel like you're gonna
jump at me at any second you're going
too aren't you
you know what this reminds me of just
waiting and Jurassic Park waiting for a
raptor just to you you never know where
they're at
kind of how I feel right now sometimes
on tour I love just being able to just
kind of wander off and just do my own
thing because sometimes you find the
coolest little gems that panda looks
like it's smoking a cigarette
don't smoke panda please don't make my
lands please don't break my land hello
friends this part makes me kind of an
asshole but I think bird birds would
annoy the crap out of it except
flamingos
this doesn't reminds me of a lead so if
you only brought out like oh and then
ones at top stores they can see
profanity those are pretty fun birds do
I know he's stuck backup guy
it's back up what's your name
God is so big
oh so I was getting out of the zoo and
he's Erin Erin and Josh we're not Erin
Erin - Josh saw me coming out and wanted
to say hi
so I wanted to say hi to the Internet
well that was fun no time for sound
check but Wow Wow you like you like
stepbrother okay - make it look pretty -
is currently giving me a braid on my rat
tail that fell out of my head me paddle
on great dude yeah I feel like with a
hat this is I'm from Brooklyn uh what
one looks like first okay
she did that way too fast cause I feel
heavier yeah
shouldn't have changed keep it holy shit
or you
you hear been left it is uh probably one
of the most obnoxious noticeable laughs
it's obnoxious
well guys you gotta leave Adelaide
tomorrow morning so we have that means
one more show of the tour and then it's
over it's very sad
because it's been an awesome pour
however it's very exciting because that
also means Ali's coming out we have a
nice little vacation so I hope you
enjoyed today's video and please in the
comments give us some ideas that we can
do when Ali gets here they're gonna be
in the Sydney area so I will see you
guys tomorrow
you
