for sure
moriki grew inside a pouch awkwardly I
woke up I woke up this morning and the
throws got her inside the room of the
pharmacy another plane to Adelaide
apparently whooping the right time
looking down and then got toasted
Vegemite the way you're supposed to do
it yeah and everyone said no you eating
it the wrong way so get prepared the
right way
feel that good I was just wasn't
happening right now what do we learn
Australia's bunch of liars it's like a
party in my mouth that everyone's
throwing up no that's black you want
some listen nightmare
showing our plant life
do you like it yeah there's something
interesting
I don't know if I could like eat a dick
I think we rose killed the snacks over
here
listen to better work yep earlier your
luggage sir ya gotta get on my private
jet over here
like this hey that's my head on your
face blair white middle right there you
go girl gets make it cool down sighs
there we go hey buddy having some sleep
sir this is the one who has a 30-minute
delay all right Marley you got to calm
down everybody sit everybody sit for me
sit down please thank you sit Marley
said can you sit down please tues oh you
sit down because diesel SAT first oh and
a pug can I okay hang on can I pop can I
shake oh thank you okay so you get a
cookie take it okay sit sit Zoey you
were sitting second so Zoe paw thank you
there you go that's horse ok mark shake
shake shake shake thank you ah the
waiting got all the little necessities
that I need for my trip I'm like what
most people i hate that every time that
I go travelling like I don't really like
to use the shampoo or condition that
they have to place it where at I don't
know because my hair is so dry from it
so I always end up buying this little
travel packs of shampoo and conditioner
and I never end up having enough so the
night of my more yada yada this time
bought these little bottles cheap like
fifty cents apiece and then I needed
some extra little bags on sale really
made me happy I'm kind of excited about
this I found this like really cute
bathing suit at target and yes guys if
you have not figured it out yet I am
quite the bargain shopper hi just kind
of fell in love in spin two in the color
of it took a copper color and I think it
is so cool I want to show to Jesus offer
you dude that's not for you but anyways
Beck get down totally me love it and
it's got scrunch butt scrunch butt so
cute just love it and the whole bathing
suit was like 30 bucks so can't beat it
you made it I've been digging this tour
about the hotel's we've been basically
pile up in fours
so I figured something I do can't sit
around there is something about like
setting a goal and pushing yourself and
accomplishing that goal especially when
it comes to working out for me because I
used to when I play basketball I was
like super buff and super in shape and
when I stopped playing basketball I like
got really tiny I think it's just
because I was so used to like eating a
shit ton and then working out all the
time and so my body like dusted and then
when I stopped playing basketball my
body adjusted again I wasn't working out
his hardcore and I wasn't you know
drinky protein shakes I was just very
and I was just living a normal life that
didn't involve that so now that i'm kind
of like getting back into that state of
mind and that frame i'm trying to get
back to that it feels really good and
I'm super proud of myself so yeah Oh leo
you did it
it's on my way back home and I realized
that I didn't have enough dog food for
when I get ready to leave so that film
was to worry about picking up any so I
went to the grocery store and as they
walk into the grocery store cuz
typically good petsmart but I went to
the first true this time and I see
something and I'm like you know what
it's my birthday it's a birthday and I
should just get them because I want to
and because i love it i think it's
really cool and it's I don't know I'm
just obsessed with these this is what I
did for me for my birthday oh my gosh
can you guys see them check them out
very very very happy with my purchase of
this oh yes you look yummy and I was so
delicious I cannot wait to eat you sorry
homegirl you can have this mine not
yours I know
Oh
hell where am I oh there's an apple
store right
open this up oh yeah over the top with
people live oh damn right here on route
4 face the front did I get around
everybody after this trick the end the
show big fish here we go oh yeah
and besides I move a little bit even
bigger don't need a thicker and right
into the right good all right we came to
Cody start house which is like a local
favorite I don't think it's everywhere
everywhere anyways became here for my
birthday Caitlin Tom of my mom all about
me there tom Tina they're all the shows
on the ground one of my favorite things
and the role and their cinnamon butter
metallic actually like it
was yours just say only Caitlin yeah
Park oh you're so special Tom's not cool
enough to write his name down on the
table
color in my heart
sorry King
only speaking the truth these are by far
my favorite thing ever about this place
because of that right there cinnamon
butter in it so flipping bed and this
they have the best salad in the world
that was a lot of fun and then I met
like three or four like CTFxC r zits
randomly walking around yeah yeah if I
read you guys hello if not I hope to see
you guys at the show we're just walking
around rest of the tours okay I'm
exhausted I didn't hold that here to
hold that guy up there we're quite a
long time once again didn't look at
where the hotel was so I'm kind of
wandering around lost look I'll freaking
beautiful as those guys it's so pretty I
think everyone's going to the casino
right now and I'm not really a gambling
person as you guys probably already know
so i think i'm just going to go on
Netflix and chill just gotta hang out
maybe facetime alley in the middle of
the night wake her up oh so that the
same pickups at all freaking day
it has to be rid of them
so there's been his old man out here all
freaking day hitting this come home and
everyone just keeps walking by him I
just came in the water and I wanted we
had a pizza that's what you're too hey
like pizza am I go for it take top one
thank you to everybody you plan the
point of that video is to show you guys
that you should always pay forward that
guy doing that on juggling trick earlier
did it for free for everybody hey asked
everyone to pay it forward so I wanted
to pay it forward so anyone watching
this video you're watching it for free
and I want you guys to pay pay forward
to somebody today or tomorrow or at
least this week well as you guys can see
it but my mask on and it's getting
really tight so I Carolee move my face
at all I look at miss my eyes cuz it's a
date Oh hanging out with the girls still
she's just sitting on the couch that's
our special spot diesels hanging out
down there there's mom are no joke I've
been doing laundry for the past three
days there's still more yeah still more
I'm still folding currently my face is
feeling like I have so much Botox it's
not Botox oh it's just a blue Basque
that makes me look like an alien pulling
my lips and my lips look bigger oh there
you go Kylie Jenner eat your heart out
oh well guys on that note I'm going to
eat my pizza watch some TV and enjoy
really my first day off in like three
weeks and then Ali actually is getting
here in whole days because their
birthdays on a third so so it's two days
for me because it's the first one day
for me and two or three days for her
this time difference thing is never
going to make sense for me anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video and
definitely don't forget to subscribe
because I promised some amazing things
are coming because Ali's gonna get out
here and we're gonna probably go see
koalas kangaroos other marsupials I
don't know anything can happen so I will
see you guys from Oz always bye guys
better
that
