okay yeah I thought I already go got the
camera because it's like everyone
someone I'll get these like this weird
feeling where it's like dizzy but it's
not it's like a week but it's not and
then it's like it makes you nervous yeah
it makes you kind of nervous and anxiety
may it could be like panic attacks I've
never had a plan you might have some no
you know because we're gonna leave I was
walking I just felt this weird feeling I
just had to sit down and really quick
and and try to figure out what was going
on and just I don't know it's weird you
know like sometimes they know probably a
lot of you guys experiences where you
just like don't feel like yourself like
you feel like your body's like a little
like at a loop yeah I got a loop that's
like from what Charles is describing it
to me and I feel like I can semi relate
in this in essence like where see
there's like you're so overly exhausted
or you're your equilibrium something's
just off and that's how he's kind of
feeling right now the other day I was
like sick you know this it's okay you're
human have you ever been sick in the 10
11 12 million years that you filmed
thanks for the alert i watch this let me
know that my exercising is usually way
further along than it is right now
thanks
I'm heading back out
I took Charles around for a ride earlier
because sometimes like getting fresh air
especially for me and I bring him most
of the time makes him feel a little bit
better I don't know there's something
really well refreshing about fresh air
we went out went for a little kind of
went up and down basically by the water
and tried to get him just to feel better
but he you just haven't been feeling
great I think that he's potentially
getting pulled that I also think that he
is taking on a lot and I think that is
finally catching up to him and for those
of you who know Charles you know that
he's a very very hard worker
this is calling hey idiot I didn't have
my phone on me I really I'm talking to
the camera naturally it's myself for my
sister to sniff out an awesome for a new
pizza place up there they're always down
for new pizza
it's very W Hotel right excuse me
apparently a prisoner's pizza what was
the story because they used to try to
like hiding stay with smuggle things
into the pizza crust for prisoners and
it's super red that's just this red
we're training for fast money family
feud with John Harvey you guys I will
see if we can do any good construction
worker a unitard unitary museum what did
you say construction yeah 20 points and
what you say glasshouse tight the key
points though
I couldn't blame airplane public
transportation how would you know he was
wearing a crown or he was a frog
better not take alongside another woman
so we just got back and Marla could not
wait for Christmas ripped open a bunch
of practice she just good that way
what's in here those are definitely
Marley bites watch it was Rica the whole
time every year she at least opens one
present you what are you opening
presents for you in trouble now what are
you doing opening presents was it you
it's never Zoey unless she's the best
dog it's framing other dogs like her
entire life has been framing Marley for
everything now that we're home actually
I want to say thank you and give a
little shout out to the CTFxC patreon
group first one Kathryn broad burn dance
Zoey thank you for making that loud
Tracy Borg Amazon II it might be
butchering that it's breaking around the
screen
Mike Fullerton Mike Bradley and Teresa
Renfro so thank you guys so much for
being part of the CTFxC patreon group if
you guys want to check it out links down
in the description there's a bunch of
you know rewards perks for joining the
thing we have a podcast that's only on
that as well so we'll check that out
links in the description but now
actually I want to talk to you guys
about something else really quick it's
been kind of on my mind I was talking to
Ali some things I just only talking
about but today I felt like really weird
it's not like it's like I was it's like
you're dizzy but you're we we're um
you kind of like experienced us before
words like I was saying like as you do
you feel like your equilibrium is often
right like you're dizzy but you're like
how did you feel weak feel like it's
almost psychological to like once you
started thinking about it it's it just
makes it even worse so what I was trying
to do is like today is just kind of like
shut off from a little bit cuz like I
don't know if anyone's ever experienced
a seizure and stuff like that like it's
it's a weird feeling it's indescribable
Ali always ask me like how to describe
it and like I honestly have not yeah
it's like the onset is so weird and I
didn't have
today I kind of felt like really strange
and so Ali just told me to go home and
sleep so I pretty much did that today
unfortunately it's really weird and
awkward to talk about because it's a
vulnerability
vulnerability and like I always feel
really awkward kind of talking about it
because I feel when I do talk about it
and makes things like because it's all
like a mental thing I feel like so when
I talk about it I think about it and
when I think about it it makes it worse
well yeah I mean like this it makes you
kind of feel about goofy but I'm just
saying like as far as like the mental
aspect it's like because it works when
you talk to us often I don't really like
to special in the blogs but today I just
felt like they kind of had to just
because I'm fine everything's good it's
just I just wanted to explain like the
other day I was sick like today I was
just feeling weird so like I needed to
just like get a second sorry so every
time I try to talk like seriously he's
always always like doing something goofy
from an outsider's perspective because
we we talked about it like what um I was
you guys probably saw from earlier we
were just trying to make it feel better
right back to normal where the car just
drove around got some fresh air and one
thing that Charles kept saying to me is
that um you think I just I don't feel
like me and I feel weird I feel off and
I'm embarrassed I think that's always
been your biggest yeah you always feel
embarrassed like you think that people
in public you know or just even in the
vlogs like you just think that people
are gonna judge you which is not the
case I know it's not the case at all but
I realized it more and more it freaked
you out because it reminded you things
like I said if you've never had one of
those which I hope no one ever has it's
just it's weird like weird feeling like
especially when you feel like
something's weird and then you kind of
associate it with another thing I felt
like I would be kind of lying or hiding
something oh I mean like hiding it I
don't hide it
yeah and I think one thing you kept
saying to me was like you don't want to
like leave you guys in the dark right
you don't want to you don't want to you
want to act like that something's wrong
when he wasn't that way right it's like
my personality and Alex personality like
when we're having an annoying day or an
off day I mean I feel like it comes
across because we're very expressive
people so I feel like
when one of us is kind of having an
annoying day or was like frustrated
about something hey come on
it comes off you can really honestly
tell and I felt like today me being
absent a lot of the video I felt like it
was you would tell you know what I mean
it kind of felt like I needed to talk a
little bit and just kind of get is a
rambling mess but it makes me feel a
little bit of better kind of talking
hopefully relating to somebody over
there that might be over there on the
Internet is what I'm talking about that
might have similar situations
I mean how he's always been so
supportive everything even wasn't like
today you literally just put Simpsons on
and told me to sleep I think this week
was just a lot it was a lot to take on
and it was a lot we did a lot happened
and I think that your body was finally
saying I guess why you did a lot of this
right time to calm down honestly it just
kind of reminded me of that time I had a
seizure or one of the times who I don't
normally have them in the daytime so
like the ones that I've had in the
daytime I really remember he's doing
better I'm doing a lot better it feels
so much better
ally and I are just gonna watch I don't
think that was the cat that's the
perfect way to end the video that was a
perfect way any mailbox no well I'm
surprised we have a thing of like
Hershey chocolates in the comments I
want you guys to know right there don't
don't have right there that little thing
but Marley wrote the friggin box yeah
but she hasn't discovered I'm gonna give
it three days the second she sees us eat
something out of there it's gonna be
gone thank you so much for letting me
ramble and all that fun annoying stuff
and hopefully maybe somebody out there
kind of can relate to where I'm saying
hopefully you can feel a little bit
better knowing that you're not alone
Rica's not gonna stuff down so I will
see you guys tomorrow thanks for letting
me rant and have a great night guys
bye
