good morning guys so we have a day off
here in Melbourne and a person is
suggested we try this bicycle to break
room I guess this is a place where you
literally just go in with a baseball bat
you break things so I'm going to get
some food right now before you end up
doing that crazy stuff oh by the way
that whole thing with a cops and a kid
being stuck in that was a kid being
stuck in the vending machine
it was stuck in there for eight to six
hours is okay that was totally fine good
as you can see now it is no longer here
these are the goofiest gargoyles I've
ever seen in my life
hey guys look who's here
we're doing the podcast account I did it
a little late this week because we were
tired
I had wedding Melissa was working a lot
and we decided you know what if we just
give you internet a heads up I think
we're in good shape so we're gonna do
the podcast now all the dogs are sitting
here joining us hopefully they'll be
quiet that never happens but we're
keeping our fingers crossed I don't know
everybody in here then I'm gonna go back
here then I gotta pick up her and I'm
gonna do this and I'm gonna do that so
thank you guys they're waiting for us
because they just think it's just better
yeah oh that was basil he wanted to say
hello
thanks T and you know for waiting a
couple days we're just gonna make this
podcast the best arm podcast you've ever
did here oh yeah maybe maybe the we the
second best forum I am the best ever
if you're for sunless air
leave my mom I'm like I'm pretty
impressed with my mom she mamas what is
your mom's I think Phil and char you got
lots of good things to look forward to
as a very lucky it was creepy although
so creepy so I just went to go call the
another Internet code and I went to sit
on the chair just sat on the chair
that's all I was doing and that happened
that wasn't me did you see the Rockstar
life though yeah this is hashtag
Rockstar life I literally want to sit
down to call for more internet so we
just got done with the podcast and I
have to finish folding all this laundry
that I have been waiting and
procrastinating on doing the entire week
but it's gorgeous out today gorgeous out
maybe I'm gonna get the guys back I
don't know though might be too cold I
mean it feels good in the Sun but I
don't know maybe I'll wait maybe I'll
wait and do it right before I leave the
time is ticking away and I leave in like
four days it's crazy the girls are gonna
go hang out with Melissa and Phil for a
whole week I know Tyson's gonna be so
excited he's gonna love it
oh yeah you're such a little weirdo I'm
a complete ding-dong as Ben would say
and I left my camera and Duncan in
Trav's room but I have the GoPro so we
just got here we're at the break
yeah so we give you a definite we give
you gloves we give you a headgear gonna
give you a baseball bat
okay maybe a whole bunch of crockery and
then we lock the breaker back yeah yeah
that looks fun
that is really anticipation yeah oh it's
like a fun one and then you get cooler
helmets recommend a welding mask that's
why the best one so if you guys are ever
here in Australia the Melbourne right
we're nobre right come here to the
break-up Melman it's Melvin Melvin come
to the break room
that's just aftermath for me what are
you doing there huh come on say hello
fillies you haven't said hello in a
while oh thank you all right
I think these girls are actually
starting to really miss Charles it's
funny because obviously we don't have
him lay on the bed win char's here and
they have been every night getting up
into the bed or laying right where
charles lay so i think that they can
kind of smell him on the sheep and
everything so it makes me a little sad
you feel sad I'm gonna probably FaceTime
in the FaceTime him in a little bit so
he can see them JJ's going in now clean
up
our and it just falls apart
very creative
and here's the aftermath a lot of
questions probably what made you do this
I was looking for something else to like
really stress right like there's only so
much booze you can drink right get rid
of all this idea right why not snatch
something right and go find Edwin at the
break room here in Melbourne there's a
little aftermath guys my dad actually
just called me and Conan's girlfriend
are gonna take me out to dinner tonight
because I I leave on Thursday and
they're gonna take me out to dinner for
my birthday so I'm gonna go and run and
get a few things stuff tour now we need
the one of these on the back of the tour
bus on all the time maybe the trailer or
something
so my dad and Linda I just came to pick
me up cuz we're gonna go out to dinner
for my birthday which I'm super excited
about and uh I don't know I don't know
what you want to eat that's always like
my biggest issue is turning out what I'm
gonna eat hi girls boys I'll be back but
I've got to go cuz they're waiting for
me so I just got done with dinner and it
was delicious we went to uh Kauravas and
I was so happy so yummy so yummy but it
was nice to see my done in Linux I
haven't seen them in a really long time
and they wanted to make sure that they
got to see me before I left this week so
I'm gonna probably call it a night
though I'm pretty tired I got I'm gonna
start packing I think maybe maybe not
but I'm tired I still have to have so
much to all that folding in there and
I'm gonna go to bed so goodnight
Internet
see you tomorrow a bad connection
I guess yeah JJ and I went broke a bunch
of stuff it was pretty awesome
it was pretty fun I can't wait to see
you honey you hold a cooler
what throw a boomerang so you wanna
throw a stick or throw a stick JJ and I
are on adventure kicks lately and we
found a place called Poyser laying it I
believe we found it
st. Peter's really really known for the
stuff that is why I think I like this
too much although the shoes
what do you think the significance is of
the shoes you got skeleton over here
I've noticed that JJ just pointed out
flags coming right there on that one
so he should have done his bottle spray
paint
Oh
Hippolyte boy
oh no doubt
what it yeah I didn't want to do it on
any of these awesome ones you know look
how bad this came out and I just wanted
to do lettering let alone a freaking
piece of artwork that these people are
doing and thank you lovely ladies over
here thank you
if you guys are in this area I want you
guys to come here and take photos of
JJ's and my masterpieces honestly never
hurts ask there's another another
example another perfect example never
hurts to ask
as the toilet guy just the toilet
oh you're gonna take up a super poopy
time happy poopie time it's probably
more sanitary than any like like truck
stop that we've ever toured through
happy boo-boo tank guys well cast for a
day where I should have been taking the
day off we found a lot of cool things I
hope you enjoyed today's video and I
will see you guys from ours overs
every night bye guys
