good morning
it's 5:30 and we have two shows to be
rough
what's the one thing I got to make sure
it's the eat in this young lady apples
it's right your birthday is getting a
old lady I gotta go I just wanted to see
your beautiful face yep I love you too
sweetie all right you be the good boy
with your ice cream cone over there and
we'll be back
well see you in a little bit I know did
your ink a to give you some carrots oh
yeah I know you know I know I know she's
a weirdo what a palin and I are on our
way to go to some first stores me guys
we're gonna go try and find some fun
furniture Caitlin wants to redo or
resent it like what TV I'll be a style
like nightstand so we're gonna find one
right now we're gonna go meet up with my
mom I love you yeah so we're gonna go do
that now this is part of the coolest
thing ever at an airport
I honestly think this is probably one of
the most toughest towards that we've
ever done this was on the sheer amount
of awkward flying and time zones but
comes with the job and I love it and
every time we got on stage you guys make
me remember why I love it so much now I
go through security trying to pretend
like I am NOT dizzy if this actually
gives us money I'll be really really
surprised
oh my god this one actually did it
don't go spend it all in one place give
it to us we gallant friends forever by
the dirtiest one though take your dirty
klenda Trav's getting selected I got
selected
Duncan's getting selected you're okay
Duncan Pollock TV was so funny
Delaney they chose to Danny you don't
have a laptop nail in the coffin on that
one
and then it's fine not everyone has a
laptop just put your wallet
oh my god making new friends
we made it safely Melbourne Florida live
back home it's great great to be home
we have two shows tonight I don't know
if we said that in the video point out
what three and then we have one it will
meet agree and then we have I think Joe
at like 7:00 or 8:00 to be a long day so
we came on the right day right so what
exactly are we looking for something
like beachy listing that or something
that you can't beat you looking I'm kind
of we have like this this like table
that has all of our like cable boxes
yeah pin it I just don't like it I'm
gonna find something here that maybe I
can kind of refinish they've got to
beachy clothes on Pinterest yesterday
and they couldn't fire damn interest
could see every time that's where I have
all these Pinterest projects that I've
started and I'm like halfway completed
and then I kind of put him to the corner
well maybe I should work on that I
always wanted a bike like this no no if
we had these ever on our bikes if we did
I feel like Matt ripped him off case of
the ordered brother all right let's see
DJ performance at 3:00 a.m. so it's yes
we long for us dude it's really nice and
even open up
yeah anytime that I see a young man star
guess what my friend this is Gretel she
introduces us every time we get here to
Melbourne
Sara
stand over here
unfortunately that was no good we did
not find shoes that's a shuffle there
was like 300 Bob yeah you know what I'd
find something that was like a steal
that I could yeah but I mean don't get
me wrong there's a lot of the stuff
that's done in here it really is the Joe
of all these yeah really good quality
it's still in phenomenal shape so I kind
of get why the price is a little higher
but we'll be removing yeah we're hoping
to find something that was a little bit
more reasonable that maybe need a little
bit of fixing up that way kind of Shaban
him on it but no go so on to the next
place where we going now just in case
you're not sure we're right but I'm
doublin already to get to the hotel
right now we're trying to check-in
I am so tired today I think there's
certain territories not just kind of
adding up about the traveling the shows
and about waking up in the airports the
drilling and you know it's always the
stuff y'all go around on a little tour
we have tour bus it's a little bit more
sane because you can just go into your
little bunk and go to sleep
this isn't almost impossible to jail all
disappear and luggage and airports and
hotels all that process over and over
and over again it gets to be a lot and
then the whole medication thing that was
happening it's still happening every
single time I have it it kind of just
makes me like really dizzy and then
looked at my prescription and it
actually literally says blurred vision
but usually what happens is when I wake
the dog up and feed them at 8:00 in the
morning I whipped it up to feed them I
take the medication I go back and sleep
for a couple hours and when I wake up
it's all good and I don't notice it so
that's part of why I never noticed in
the daytime and then at nighttime I kind
of know
it is what it is now giving you I can't
really argue it noe there's one right
there there's no AC this is always my
favorite and annoying part when I get
into any hotel room is trying to find
blood without destroying everything
usually rip everything apart I feel like
hotels would like have like USB ports
just got kind of hanging right here
especially since this 2016 so I had to
buy basically a tripod for my camera and
then a tripod for the GoPro because char
wants me to bring the Sony out to I
don't know what's going on with this
camera it's gonna fuck me try wanted me
to bring out the Sony which is the
camera up for Christmas out to Australia
want to go so I went and I got us a
tripod and my work here at Best Buy is
done you know it's not a normal day
without me or Charles or someone now we
know that's somehow related to us in the
YouTube world if we don't go to Best Buy
can I'll be really honest I've been to
Best Buy in a really long time and it's
kind of bittersweet usually you guys
have to go every single week because
Charles does something no offense
Charles you like to break a lot a lot of
your supplies that's very very true we
uh this weight woke up kind of worse
luck with getting stage in 20 minutes
and we have to be there negative 30
minutes this is why we have soundcheck
we didn't have one because of the lack
of sleep and we just we needed it we
need it so bad
who's that
the shoulder dancer
oh you never see that somebody put their
hand in the vending machine is stuck
with all the cops in the fire department
do those news people they were asking us
for our footage not getting it it's
going online I don't want to get too
much in the way is that I think a four
year old kid tried to get up into the
vending machine to get free candy and
kind of backfired remember that video I
did like fry like eight years ago I
tried to go to open to the call machine
I got stuck into a claw machine that
just happened and I'm going to be going
with film Alyssa to go see charts dad
and his two sisters and go watch him
play tonight so it should be a pretty
fun Saturday night something kind of a
little bit low-key but it's really nice
because I haven't actually seen tricep
playing a really really long time so I'm
looking forward to it and you know what
you can never say no to a little bit of
music so I'm very excited about that
all right so one of the day
in your mouth doughnuts okay
excuse me sir I'm starting my dog I
would sign actual Marlene she was here
you're literally starting it again -
you're bringing those back those went
away three years ago
never give toys like this to travel
remember a long time ago when we got
this tattoo and we wanted to happen they
were floating away so this is Jude the
girl that actually suggested it floating
away this is amazing
I like how we stay on the parking lot
now instead of like sure cuz we're like
the cool kids now before we go in there
now like we drink coffee to get that
caffeine high I was like ducking oh yeah
we're gonna go see Melissa's dad play
and your chance again transid dad in
case you guys are wondering who her dad
is
yes film you so we can put it on our
subway oh that's what we're doing sure
hey what's up guys what's up what's up
so what are we doing time work what's up
um we're gonna go see
mine mine mine
Lupe's getting freaky in the ticket
so we have a brand new nickname for a
filly I'd like to introduce you to
officer filly so one of the guys came
every time I was a cop hey boss what do
you do for a living I said I have these
apartments in apartment complexes I oh I
thought you were a cop
this cuz I look like an asshole that's
what it's my asshole outfit it's
probably cuz he knows I'm a man of the
law respectable person who upholds the
law
chass√© the dad is here
okay
style proper style proper I give you
style Jim Charles wait Charles have you
ever danced before because you're
blowing my mind right now I'm pretty
good at this wait Melissa dance
Melissa dance okay let's let's skip the
beginner and intermediate let's go to
advanced that was perfect
he's a drummer it's not fair came back
there you know teach us how to do ballet
and we're gonna teach you how to speak
proper English American accent is that
what's holy what should I say what will
be the most American thing I live in
Texas and watch the Yankees and the
Cowboys are like I would like a
cheeseburger and hot dog fill them in
hot dog you're putting that accent two
shows in one day I don't think I've ever
actually done that very exhausting we
have a day off tomorrow and I think I'm
just gonna like kind of chill and turn I
don't know maybe kind of walk around
Melbourne and see if I can find some
cool stuff I hope you enjoy today's
video don't forget to subscribe and hey
guys
water doesn't work
