good morning Internet so I want to say
one funny thing not funny but just
interesting things okay so every time we
taught anywhere we have flight eight
Coley beats everybody like white hours
and somehow today Charles got the early
bird I yeah and then we did laundry
together did we did laundry together
yeah
good morning I know what city were gone
okay that's mirror at least that's the
capital we're going here's so good
morning Internet it is a beautiful day
you want to think of morning you look
adorable
look at a little tail what do you want
to do nothing first you got to make the
bed second I've got a mail out the
picture today bird I've been cleaning
the house and it's actually turning out
really really nice trying to get
organized again because I leave next
Thursday or well actually I leave this
Thursday so I have about six days before
I leave so I'm trying to get everything
in order and everything figured out
I've got a mail back two cameras I've
gotta do go to the gym and yeah it's
gonna be a good day
the funniest part we don't have enough
time to dry everything super this how
we're drying everything right now what
we go get food Ali went to the morning
market and safety ones in the morning
mark
over here and I literally blank where
are we
Australia literally I'm not getting a
little explain its merly
hey Zoey
you know we're always trying to find out
what Zoey is I just talked about lady
Australian Kelpie told you I feel a lot
better today than I did yesterday it was
not feeling too hot yesterday but today
feel a lot better so I gotta start doing
the best
like Europe all over again
the Cabrera I think this is the capital
of Australia I am as we're at Canberra
we made it friendly to the u.s. embassy
as you can see the arches over there
we're still hours away feel like we're a
band tour again
how you doing sleepy we should get one
did you redo Daniel
there's a boomerang returning so char
gave me the name of the individual who I
don't say one but actually donated the
highest bid to get the Simpsons painting
that he did or I should say the boat
painting that's over the Simpsons couch
if you guys have not seen the Simpsons
this is what's over the couch so yeah so
anyways that's the infamous boat
painting that charted and he did an
incredible job I'm really really proud
of him
okay so the person his name is Earl so
I'm gonna be sending it out to Earl good
I'm so thankful you are amazing and you
should be getting it very very soon I'm
actually on the way right now to go to
UPS and this bad boy out just gotta
write down your address because
otherwise I obviously won't have it so I
need to do that new awesome piece say
now you Earl you can put that right over
your couch and live just like the
Simpsons except for a little different
you can now have Charles Trippy and I
actually asked me to correct the date it
was actually to 1716 so I'm gonna go
ahead and I'm gonna change that right
now too cuz that too
there you go okay perfect now the actual
date is correct for 2016 alright I'll
hope you love that all right I've got to
go I gotta lock the door the door and
take this bad boy to UPS FEDEX
whoever wants to help me out
Danny's a little tripod thing and look
I've actually doing this right now
because I left my camera in the car that
is now at the venue I'm losing my mind
and Danny left is as well losing our
minds guys so I thought it'd be kind of
nice to just gotta take a bike ride
right now and just see around Sarah I'm
just kinda explore a little bit Charles
left his camera in a van while they all
go to the hotel me
so it's myself and JJ who are going to
the venue early to set up so because of
that I'm sort of commandeering the vlog
for a few minutes and you're gonna see a
little behind-the-scenes action of what
it takes to put on show it's for this
you know it's actually kind of cool this
is the first time I've actually gotten
on bicycle since everything as well it's
very free to be honest it's actually
very very fun oh yeah
all right so I'm gonna find hotel and I
kind of got myself a little bit lost I
have missed this place for the past
couple of days
lyrics thank you so much have a great
thing
the nectar of the gods well my eyes it's
America
perfect perfect example of boomerang
effect and we're in Australia you guys
alright yes you gotta trust the
boomerang effect in Australia I know
babe yeah been driving
I love it
all right it is shipped out on its way
to I think Massachusetts on his way to
Massachusetts and it was so funny
because like when you go into FedEx they
always ask you you know what do you
think the item is declared at or you
know what do you think the value of the
item is and I said well this was for
donation someone actually purchased this
and their donation is it's going to be
going to the National brain Cancer
Society and he's like oh do you mind if
I asked how much he paid for it and I
said that I'm not gonna give you an
exact number but it's over a thousand
he's like oh my god she's like that's
incredible it's gonna be getting to you
very very soon see what you guys don't
see is all the power and oomph that
Travis and everyone puts behind every
show well there's that no you did you
did yeah welcome to the Charles dance
party
oh so fully in a hunter drink the dream
job right now
I don't drink and go back there
what another work
I don't trouble now so never ever ask us
and never ever tell us to spray people
that was the girl's fault at she told us
to come out there she's like get the
soda water and try to do it I are we
supposed to charge him for joining I
think I handed out like $100 for the
drinks for that charge you don't tell us
to go out there and stir yeah I don't
know you I know so I only serve I don't
give beers yeah people trying to give me
a 20 at all 21 right yeah it's an 18 and
up show which you have to be 18 to drink
here crazy just want to try to hit me in
20 and I was like look
I have no idea how to break this down
just take it
this show just turned probably the most
ridiculous show that I've ever played
yeah our guys Katie who got sprayed down
with that other guy and she's watching
for seven years and she's not angry so
it was fun anyway we go back to the
hotel 5:00 a.m.
oh I gotta get on the plane five anymore
good the cooler here
No
