alright Brisbane we will see you next
time good afternoon Internet I'm
exhausted
I'm so tired we are heading to Sydney I
believe right now I have my food so I
don't do anything stupid
having a panic attacks or anything dumb
again I had a bunch of bananas like a
little monkey over there alright time to
go
damn Daniel welcome to do the same thing
I'll have a tripod
yeah at the airport now
Oh
seems a good place to stand
all we have to pay for this one
then you return it you get what a
quarter what John Tom Hanks get into
terminal yeah dude that's what my please
do that in catch me if you can is that
the bring a bike yeah I've never seen
that before
sir by the way you might want to look
the Danny's a vlog because try this
right down this makes a lot more sense
that four o'clock in the morning there
three good morning I think nine or ten
o'clock in the morning so if the one's a
little bit more upbeat as you can see
and
first I just want to say thank you
yesterday I did have I kind of like a
little anxiety attack together I want
claw to break down but I just like
freaked out yesterday and I feel a lot
better
I think everyone's allowance is good to
get that out because otherwise you
bottle it up and it's never good but I
feel a lot better I'm ready to take on
the store the rest of this tour I should
say
and then Ali comes out five or six days
I'm really excited for that it's a first
time coming out here and I got a bunch
of awesome plans for so make sure to
subscribe guys I will try to get hold it
below there something crazy the only
problem is that she's gonna be flying on
her birthday that's the one thing that
kind of sucks but when she gets here we
can celebrate a birthday
oh hi sweet girl
- hi tight Oh what do you have there
sisters what I mean we gotta go pick up
her car and good a lot of our stuff from
the venue and we had to get you guys to
see if this actually gives me some money
back for this how's this work want
Charles you can do this
Oh doesn't get any money it's bullshit
they're just going for the Good
Samaritan we're all on this one finally
it's our first one on a little date here
with JJ even marsh Mittal ok still hit
the waiting on Duncan right there there
is we're about to fly to Sydney right
now I'm trying to find a nice audio book
to get on there
if you guys already know every month we
try to have like that CTFxC an audio
book club and audible.com is a sponsor
of it and they give you a free book an
audio book if you guys want it to go to
audible.com slash CTFxC you can listen
to it on your iPhone your Android your
your computer your whatever you want to
do basically anything that you want to
listen to you can listen to an audio
book there's a million and one different
audiobooks and I'm trying to pick the
perfect one right now there I always say
this they're one of their favorite
sponsors because I love books but
sometimes I don't have time to read them
I'd actually don't remember what one we
did last month we've been traveling so
long and my brain is kind of lush this
one I actually wanted to pick a friend
of mine grace Helbig she has a new book
that just came out or came out a couple
weeks ago it's called grace and style
the art of pretending you have it I'll
show you right here if you want to get
that one you can also get that one for
free as well if I see if I can play a
little sample basically making JJ listen
Jo cause I don't have my headphones play
a little sample for you guys
the art of not being naked the art of
the advanced ova the art of ruining your
hair the art of the body turn thank you
so much to otto every single month you
guys have been killing it I love that
you guys are kind of educating yourself
you don't have to get these kind of
books you can get any of the millions of
books they have I always want to tell
you guys about them and I really
appreciate audible for giving you guys
free books and making me smart I doesn't
learn something so I just got done from
taking Cailin to get her car picking up
the girls dropping off a few bills and
now I don't even know why I didn't do
this but that painting right over there
you know the one that Charles painted it
actually did sell and I know it was kind
of confusing on eBay because the price
would go super super high and then it
would go super super low well it's just
because we found out there was some
falsified bidders there and charm wanted
to make sure that the painting went to
somebody that actually wanted the
painting so I think he ended up someone
I should say I think someone ended up
donating a little over a thousand
dollars which is incredible and thank
you so much you guys are so amazing so
amazing so I'm gonna ship that out
either today or tomorrow and then we're
gonna send that check to the National
brain Cancer Society I need to double
check on that make sure that's exactly
where we're sending it but we want to
make sure that we can give the
individual who did donate the money for
the picture get some recognition as well
also the wedding was incredible
yesterday was so beautiful it's so much
fun they are so lucky to have each other
it was incredible but a sweet arch our
yesterday I know he was going through a
little bit of a rough time and I and I
felt terrible because I didn't know
about it until later on in the evening
because I really have my phone on me and
I couldn't do too much but I do want you
to know that he's doing okay he was just
a little overwhelmed and wasn't feeling
that well from his medication but he's
doing so much better today and just
thank you guys so much for your support
and for understanding we both appreciate
so much and I know he really really does
just some days are not as easy as the
others you know some days are a little
bit rougher for him and just rougher in
general general I see I can talk
straight I'm so I'm so tired I was
telling Kaylin in the car and I was
telling char this morning that I'm so
tired because I have my arms like this
doing here the entire time so my arms
are so sore like that even hurts it's
pretty pathetic but I think I'm gonna
take a nap on I never taken out ever but
I'm gonna try and take a nap right now
we just got everyone in the same area
did it take that yeah you take my
passport they lose their zone out listen
this stuff can you please not talk did
you see the new episode of is it cool
comfortable thanks Charles
Thanks Danny's been doing all these
photos you got a sick one up Duncan all
right so this is Duncan Ginobili
get out entering Sydney now I don't know
what we have to do is grab our bags
probably our equipment probably the same
thing is always fall asleep for 45
minutes in the cluster again we travel
somewhere else across the world to you
it's amazing life but it is a tough life
well I don't think you realize like
musicians like traveling musicians how
much goes into not even a musician but
the crew and managers and things like
that there's a lot that goes in on this
stuff for the headliner
so you like my perspective like yeah
yeah we didn't want that you want a
snack sedition
it's all right here
we just got to our place here in Sydney
and it's another was like kind of
apartment kind of things it's so smart
that we're doing this that they stack
sand iron you know way nice key you can
go right out there yeah
we're out the door it's beautiful out
there
this is cool I think for the AC unit
then that found it the remote the
funniest part is if you look there you
can see everyone's fingers like everyone
trying to jump up there and try to touch
the thing that says do not touch the
grubby little hands so no joke this has
probably been one of the laziest days
I've ever had in my entire life in my
entire life I was just so drained from
yesterday hang on baby this is no dream
yesterday that excuse me Joseph I know
you're hungry I have to feed the girls
right now so then they're like oh yeah
oh yeah Marley apparently so then she
stayed with Melissa until she knocked
down the backhand all of their food
separated and ate all of it so I you
don't look like any fatter I might have
been a mix between you and Zoe and Tyson
at this point right now everyone's
having a good week everyone's just out
of it right now
there's hunters sick fence kind of sick
and he's dead over there
Koli is losing his voice
so I would have to say Sydney was
freaking amazing I don't think I
actually got on the microphone as much
as I ever did as I did today I don't
know what I just kind of like got into
it it was so fun and the trial was
amazing not to say you gotta have to say
that any other cities weren't amazing
but that just you guys have to step it
up now
well we're going tomorrow he's kind of
shutting everything down right now going
back to the hotel
Sergi were just shutting down right now
they're heading to the hotel right now
but that was a lot of freaking fun I was
a lot of practice but I always have fun
playing music but that was a lot of fun
well guys we are going to bed now cuz
that we have a show gonna really
actually honestly know where it is but I
think we have a drive tomorrow we're not
getting on a plane but I getting on a
plane tomorrow right my friends that's
genuinely freaky we're driving tomorrow
yeah 10:30 it's a plane thanks I thought
it was a drive anyway we'll see you guys
tomorrow hope you enjoyed today's video
and have a great night bye thank you
guys
I'm so sorry hope you guys cover up I
can't
thank you
the unsureness
about the
I just freaked out because that's what
the videos metaphasic love the debate
that was amazing
budget number 50
that would do good
I realize
