here grab this parka JJ had a bed the
entire 14 15 hour flight and this is the
worst thing we're still not there we've
still got another 3 or 4 hours right for
21st like I literally and like trying to
figure out medication stuff I literally
have that many phones like time zones
I'm dead no I'll get it up already
checked I got online God morning mom are
well good afternoon actually
happy Saturday guys my mom's here you
can't see her it's so bright out but my
mom's here cuz we're gonna take the dogs
for a walk because I cannot accomplish
that on my own what is he doing is he
really yeah Diesel's lizard hunting hey
Benjamin
didn't sleep
so weird yeah really so he slept all the
way yeah I was blowing to Ali that we're
literally now I'm not just changed oh no
a lot of you flying cars no just people
in laptops so tired maybe it's nice a
coffee you know whatever they want to do
my mom and I were just like discussing
it's like the common courtesy for when
you're walking your dogs and then
there's a biker that's on the sidewalk
which I don't really think that bikers
are supposed to be on the sidewalk but I
don't know I thought they're supposed to
be in the road but anyways we're trying
to figure out what come courtesy is
whether you go to the right sidewalks
and so they go to the left of you were
vice-versa but we've kind of figured it
out you okay okay no she's like I hate
this thing she always says try to get it
off so I was by far one of the funniest
experiences I've ever had walking with
my mom and walking with all three of the
dogs
gorgeous house so everybody is out
everybody's kayaking everybody's walking
by the water it's honestly the first
beautiful day that we've had in a really
long time where you can walk outside and
not have a coat on or anything things of
that sort
so anyways my mom is with me and we're
walking Zoey and diesel I'm Marley and
my mom is just in utter panic mode I
feel so bad she's like every time I bike
becomes I she's like if they call a
bunch of dogs upmarket fairway wood
she's freaking out the whole entire time
and then diesel doesn't like anybody
that skateboards or anybody that
rollerblade so he's barking at everybody
that's passing it was quite embarrassing
I was trying to maintain my mother and I
was trying to maintain my dog so nice
face babe we are in the future
so how is it like in the past right now
I miss you so how did the work that you
FaceTime me but I can't FaceTime you so
Ben is happy we pass things to Danny
over there
see your notes Danny alright so we're in
New Zealand so that means one hour to
Atlanta six hours to LA was at fifteen
hours of the Sydney 15 fifteen hours of
Sydney that three and a half to New
Zealand I totally missed my dad's
birthday dad I am so sorry
happy birthday I love you yeah yeah you
completely missed I completely missed my
dad's birthday impacts in the future if
you pulled out a picture of your dad he
was like disappeared Donnie if you
responded to a text so I know he's still
there all right dad thanks dad she uses
a paper immigration New Zealand's back
everyone remember what he said because
I'll have to look at this later
he has such a bitch face right now it's
been about an hour for those of you who
don't know who Mark Duncan is mark
Duncan is Danny's twin brother I get a
text message from him and his brother
last night and Danny forgot his computer
so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna meet
mark halfway and I'm gonna grab Danny's
computer so I can bring it with me when
we go to Australia
so Danny's got his computer and Mike my
frickin thumb whatever this is is
breaking just leave it in out
it shows how awesome my friends are
tonight um I asked Caitlin if her and
Tom wanted to come over for dinner and
she's like well we were already cooking
dinner we're gonna make you know fish
and yada yada yada and we thought he
could play some games and things like
that so they invited me over so I had to
make an appetizer and then yeah what do
you have dinner Kate's house down the
street a little bit and sure enough more
food alright so this is our map yeah
Hotel cemetery walk on floor it's about
let's see five minute walk public oh
there's a cemetery listed on there let's
say ten minutes it is this would
happened to me on a Saturday
getting stuck in Tampa in
bumper-to-bumper traffic I'm literally I
don't know
yeah hello I'm Joyce having a lot more
fun - what I'm having right now because
this is not fun dinner party party ball
very far away it's not great to hear I'm
throwing Ally our rooms right now ok
check it out bed sucks Danny's room he
claimed it and yeah it's like an
apartment then our sleeping here I'm
uploading the vlog to you right now and
this is our view isn't that beautiful
that's our room right now found the
cemetery so I do I imported them already
so Travis Duncan and JJ left us you get
it had hair
maybe not so I guess jaywalking is not
an issue here
well we got the computer there it is
Danny all the above look at that the
lights shining on it it's just so
beautiful isn't it
it just empties into this it's a mall
what do we just stumble into this feels
like one of those movie things where you
just like stumble into something oh yeah
oh my god
so I get to put this in my frame I don't
have you guys remember of my frame of
money that I always do it was bloody
travel you can see it there - hey is
Australia the same as New Zealand you
can't rip it waterproof
don't know where we're at but it looks
cool and I wanted to show you guys yeah
commissioned me
oh my god did you see how close that
bird was just my hat alright so talk
about random odds
we're in New Zealand so I was like 27
hours of flying and we met some awesome
people just walking around did you drop
something you spilled something video
yeah nobody got that on camera just call
them out all right ten more feet we've
got some more people watching Benedict
who this sweet little piece of pumpkin
pot is it's my sweet sister kay I made
it your squats I didn't know actually
publix made it from scratch so I made
its Caitlin's you guys remember these
little guys say hello yes I'm making
sure pull a chipotle lime shrimp tacos
mm-hmm and then yellow rice and then on
the side we're also having
watermelon yummy mm-hmm
that's the moon shining on the water
it's upright at least listen Phil got us
this game for Christmas
that's called pointing fingers and it
gives I'm not being the best and ever
but I'm with the cat's right now
so today I guess is the Chinese New Year
and we have a prime spot to see
everything
Oh
that's beautiful so they're supposed to
put lanterns out too
crowd cheering first night in New
Zealand I think was a pretty good
success anyway don't forget to subscribe
guys because tomorrow is our first day
actually in New Zealand hopefully we get
to do some cool things so I will see you
guys tomorrow always it's friggin time
difference right now it's killing me so
I have to look at some sleep
that's my point again anything
No
even a little bit
