good morning Internet so today is my
last day home for a while I leave for
New Zealand Australia that nice awesome
tour that's coming up and as always
everyone's been right next to my side
except Marley Marley goes and does what
her own little thing she'd never leaves
my side you look pretty
oh sure get all nice and pretty when I
leave so I got a couple hours home right
now so what do you want to do oh nothing
a walk I wanted to get some exercise
just before sitting on a plane for I
don't even know how many hours this is
gonna be there's gonna be 14 hours I
just all I know is that it's a twelve
hour difference so you take the amount
of time and then you add 12 more hours
it's gonna be a ridiculous flight it's
gonna be like that flight we did for
Japan when we did the Air Force Base or
the Navy
it would flew home the same day it was
amazing don't get me wrong but it was a
ridiculous flight it wants to pee on
everyone
so of course it's never a dull day in
our household we uploaded the video
earlier but it had a weave king song in
it
and for some reason somebody else that
they only the Kings it's simple we the
Kings only we the kings so I'm on the
emails back and forth with our
management going back and forth and try
to figure this out so somebody else
always will be the Kings even though
we're outside I'm talking to Brent and
he said getting it taken care of so so
no longer will we get taken out for our
own self
it's probably the dumbest thing I've
ever heard how does this talk my friend
Michael or Rhonda I can never tell if I
say out with michael aranda I can never
say his right last name right at the
next cry he got hit with his own songs
how does that even make any same thing
it's the same thing it doesn't make any
sense
it's it's a good safety feature but at
the same time it's hilarious yeah and
annoying well I feel like if well I mean
how would they really know though if
it's your song it's well it's an audio
footprint it's I know that's magic but
what my point being is that you on it
yeah I don't know exactly you want to go
get some lunch or something more freely
what time that could leave there's an
hour yeah hey are you gonna miss me
that's McCarney lives I'm gonna miss e
I'm not gonna miss you at all are you
gonna miss me a little bit no I'm not
gonna miss you at all not even a little
bit
you tell me you're gonna come out to
Australia did we we didn't tell you how
exact for her birthday she's actually
gonna come to Australia I think so
excited and Jenny and I think Kaitlyn's
gonna be up there in Kinsley yeah I
I'm gonna fly out on my birthday so I'm
gonna fly out on the third and because
this is like a dream come true for me
because you want to hold a koala I
didn't want to do all of it koalas have
chlamydia you just tell me that did you
guys know that koala bears have the
video that you're offering it to me
that's last year give it to human yeah
they can but not not that way yeah they
have yet the washer that was the worst
thing in the world for me since I Danny
always makes fun of me because I'm
always watching my hands on the tour bus
they go here's a koala bear oh by the
way has chlamydia like you son of a
bitch Charlie's kind of a a germaphobe a
little bit milder it's a mild mild thing
you probably see it in Danny's videos
all the time so he always makes fun of
me and so it's Travis they throw me
dirty things so I have to catch it true
yeah let's go grab lunch all right that
way then you can go eat food you might
for the rest of the time
Vegemite analyst le cool Nutella
listen dad you might like a judge might
tell him Vegemite is nowhere near
Nutella what is my ledge might is
utterly disgusting but why
oh when you get over there yeah but I
mean like it but what is it I have no
idea anyone can explain what a Vegemite
this guy cannot other than saying it's
like sour poop and you know what poop
tastes like I could what I would imagine
poop to taste like it's like sour poop
internet reminding that to have Ali's
fry Vegemite that'll be the first thing
she tries yay Renae go grab lunch at
this local place is called Stone Soup
it's so good char loves our sandwiches
there and I love everything there and
what is he doing
are you really gonna get in the back
hello sir I would like to go to all of
the restaurants I'm your uber driver for
today
please crawl to the front I don't think
you know see now I don't have to eat all
that plane which is the stuff that makes
you run into the plane bathroom which is
not ever good because it's super tiny
that got TMI right there I gotta change
the clothes a little bit out story and
then we got to go and I just remembered
because Ally just reminded me that
Australia New Zealand are totally
different plugs they're the ones that
the sad eyes so I have to go buy one of
those when I get to the airport all last
minute that's how we do it all last
minute
no I kind of smell it it is kind of
stagnant smell I was just saying how I
whenever you go to restaurants you kind
of have that like smell on you and I
kind of felt you know I didn't smell it
at first that's all we were at the
restaurant but now that I'm at home I'm
like myself I'm like oh that's gross
okay it's like I don't want to say
goodbye come here you'll say bye
everybody
you take care your mom my god no no I
know where that tongue does give the one
next to see it's angry be good girl you
can wear your Australian hat you got to
make sure do lots of little clot
massages I bye I'll see you a little bit
I'll bring you back some Australian
koalas the camera camera check camera
phone camera in the butt good to go so
you gotta send that to the winner you
got it which by the way you guys are
doing amazing this I'm so proud of you
guys
okay time with Australia so typical
Charles fashion
I completely forgot my camera on the
counter of the house already forgetting
so grab my phone are you serious already
I'm not gonna make it you're not gonna
make it I don't know but apparently not
long enough we go one last run-through
I'm wondering if he's gonna forget his
luggage is it right there I found it so
can I have my camera back yes awesome
you actually get to come home with me
so you actually didn't forget it
it's a cute look
so do that you should put a little
ponytail in their room and men's button
and buns
yep we'll call this the bow no the Rhino
and buns are out my horns are in rhino
horns are in
he's the most boarding passes I've ever
had in my entire life at once it should
say paparazzi I know I'm just trying to
make memories of your face I don't see
it for a few weeks till you come back
I know exactly I love Johnny
nice I love you I love you I love you I
love you
coley me George some joke is gonna ride
the Porsche oh yeah nice do it George
alright so guys every once in a while
when you fly a lot you get a nice little
privilege of drive it around and get
picked up personally in a Porsche and
taken to your gate so you don't have to
do anything today is : hi his lucky day
and it was hunters but he ran away too
fast there it is you have to dodge all
the planes like diehard
flames coming down you have to drive the
other way alright how do I get out of
your George you're locking me in I don't
mind I'll stay in here all day but beats
a plane
thank you so much George I want a
handshake a man thank you so much I
really appreciate it all right so we are
now here at our gate that's all we had
to do beautiful about to get on the
plane got some of the guys the other
ones are still flying got a cookie we'll
see you guys tomorrow and on the other
side of the world your bones crack
I'm pretty good at push-ups co- you
