good morning guys so today we were
really really excited because we get to
do something kind of similar to what we
got to do is beginning of the week if
you guys didn't know
check out Monday's video we were able to
help an animal shelter in st. Pete today
we collaborated with Paramount Pictures
and the movie downsizing to bring you
this video so basically today Ali and I
just gathered up all our extra clothes
we went to the storage unit got a bunch
of the extra hoodies and merch that we
have that were sent back to us that we
just have in our storage unit and
there's just kind of chillin in there so
we have this beautiful opportunity and
we want to bring this to some local
homeless shelters just because it's
starting to get cold this winter and
it's it's not doing us any good all
those clothes that we're not wearing
they're not benefiting us and it's just
getting colder and colder so we wanted
to keep this week a week of awesomely
giving as much as we possibly can
because people give to us and we're very
we're very very fortunate and we want to
basically help as much as we possibly
can so we got hoodies and t-shirts and
pants galore I have like pants shirts
sweatshirts I think there's even more in
there tell me four I feel like I need to
have those short shorts so I was like
postmen short shorts to deliver all this
stuff there is quite a lot back there to
deliver it's so many especially with I
don't want to call it winter in Florida
but it was colorful inner winter this is
called that's a good word Flint er
Florida winter so we just got here a
place called beacon house here at st.
Petersburg Florida it's a nice little
home like here down on Central Avenue
and we're gonna hopefully have them
explain some things for us I actually
put a perspective you guys remember that
right there that love your neighborhood
signed the Allen I took photos in front
of that's where it is directly across
from that alright so we just got to the
beacon house got Millie John Lisa and
Rick over here helping load everything
up we got all the hoodies and I should
probably put this down because there's a
lot
I'm not quite sure how many is in here
but there might be 24 at minimum and
each one of these okay so yeah you can
avoid that Flint er now so Millie over
here is to explain what they do here
we're at and all the amazing things John
you want to do to what I'm explaining
like all the cool things that you guys
do and why people should spend this
winter donating things that you know you
don't have it could actually help
somebody else
Billy take it away hi I'm Millie I'm
Director the st. Petersburg free clinic
beacon house and here at the beacon
house what we do is we house men who are
homeless and who have had issues with
alcohol and substances and they have an
opportunity to come here and
so that they can go back out into
society and be substitution and so
Burton the same kids were free clinic we
have eight different programs and in
those programs you know we have services
does a whole battery of things as well
as help people with food for a few days
of them with IDs
the water bill get there birth
certificates
we have dental program you have health
services let's do everything that's
amazing that's amazing we're small we
are huge at the same time because of
what we do in the rock solid that's for
sure
we have recently started doing mental
health counseling we have 50 residents
that can house up to 14 families at a
time that pairs with children to keep
them off the streets out of their cars
and out of
I think she said they were doing musical
therapy now see right here at the Beacon
House we have several musical
instruments that have been donated to us
so that we can get into musical therapy
because those who have minor mental
health issues they can use the music to
get a rid of that negative energy and
replace it with positivity we have a
women's president
50 women that also have had problems
health issues or substance abuse as well
as now
and what we do is we're well-rounded
program I'll help with the homeless get
them back on track well the food bank
that has as many as
60 or 70 different partners in the
community where they issue food to them
throughout the week so making one
community and help those who are in need
of food right in there okay we are small
but
great it's amazing it's amazing stuff
thank you so much
not all for talking to you guys but for
doing what you guys do it's a beautiful
place and you guys are awesome so lesson
of today's video donate guys find a
non-profit shelter and donate donate
your time you guys like that too right
time not just items we are also looking
for people who have skill sets recently
we had Toastmasters come in it's been
eight weeks with the men teaching them
how to speak properly and how not to be
afraid to speak in
okay and that went really well we had
men who changed their work schedule just
to be there because
really interesting cutoff yes we are
looking for skill
- awesome Thank You ppreciate killing it
hopefully that works for you guys have a
great great Flint er yeah yeah all this
for them free to use anytime anytime
that was awesome an amazing spot so
happy giving back and doing something
that contribute like one of the guys the
dog I don't know I just saw a dog named
Leroy he's a his owner actually lets the
dog live there so that he can be like a
therapy death I don't wanna call the
therapy dog but a house dog so everyone
can play with him his name's Lilly Roy
he's a black no he's a champ he was
rescued as well I don't know guys this
whole week has been something to
remember we've been very lucky to have
these opportunities hello friend friend
throw away some of these go for a run
Marley floor is lava Hey
Jagr tag
hey P boy where's the quiet one yes yes
so today was pretty amazing I feel like
it was just such a great ending to this
week that we've had words just been
about giving back and doing good and
helping out your community and helping
about others and you know Charles and I
have been wanting to donate more of our
stuff just because it's just kind of
sitting around and it's just there we're
not really utilizing it now we've been
able to give away these things that
other people can use and I think are
gonna cherish too usually considering
but so many extra hundreds of hoodies
and they were just sitting there and
just closing our closet no just don't
wear any fitting that essentially going
the waste and it was such an amazing
amazing opportunity and time to do
something like this
especially with the holidays which
brings us to wanting to once again walk
you three dogs which brings your next
point of thank thank you so much to
Paramount and downsizing it was a
beautiful beautiful time to do this
because the whole movies about
downsizing your life and making it
better
great movie it's coming out December
22nd great holiday movie it has some of
my favorite actors it's got Kristen Wiig
krysta revolts Hong chow and my favorite
Matt Damon who's your favorite we always
argue Kristen Wiig Sally is good like
Kristen Wiig do Kristen Wiig great there
it is right there anyway
thank you guys so much and please please
please donate this holiday season help a
shelter help an animal shelter help
anybody
hope you guys enjoyed today's video
hopefully you put a smile in your face
we will see you guys tomorrow as always
we're gonna enjoy watching these little
guys because it takes pretty much four
hands to walk three dogs so he likes
that place really bad so we'll see you
guys tomorrow
have a great night perfect
