tomorrow I'm leaving for New Zealand's
first so I'm flying tomorrow and I'm a
little bit kind of stressed out because
I'm trying to figure out how to get all
the footage because okay so I leave the
19th and I don't get there until the
21st so Ali is kind of kind of coming up
with all these ideas she's super
annoying in the morning suggestion
what's your suggestion just let them
hang out with me everyday whoever that
way he's got the most annoying birthday
most annoying though is if you can see
yesterday's video it was the video that
I painted that thing
for basically it's charity it's going to
national brain tumor Society so that
means somebody didn't even so maybe they
hit this leg because they said fuck
cancer day maybe you shouldn't be on the
computer getting some fresh air hanging
out with your dog maybe getting some ice
cream and they did birth to my face okay
I did this here watch Ali do push-ups
all day yeah well I just realized how
creepy that sounded I didn't mean in a
creepy way I'm just impressed
these are watching to see leg up can you
do one-handed push-up I could do though
I've done that once or twice in my life
I work on my uncle Tiger I just don't
have uh provisory those buys and tries
and Diesel's coming to attack even mom
alone for five seconds he's the most
needy dog I've ever seen in my entire
life
it comes Marley she wants attention now
it's always gonna hang out with me right
Zoey your tricep
you know bicep what the hell is that
called but nobody Oh your leg though
I'll just try to show me some yoga
things and maybe I'll try it after I
love healthy your bones cracking I'm
pretty good at push-ups let's see how
many I can do you didn't like that come
on bro
this has been a while - mm-hmm
19 get the 20 good job 50 I remember
when you were at work toward that's what
you would tell me you were doing I'll
turn I'm like me and your arms like
puffing you would always tell me well we
have nothing else to do but work out
well we're not playing like sit-ups and
push-ups and pull-ups I'm so bad all
right now you got a new - anymore I feel
like that's that's so weird
I know I'm sorry about that it was a go
so today's my last day home for a while
and then we're going Australia New
Zealand so Ali and I kind of running
around trying to get everything taken
care of I gotta get my medication
refilled so yeh medication bills awesome
you spit it's not good and then I gotta
get some other various things for
Australia I got to make sure I have a
bathing suit because it's going to be
freaking hot down there and maybe maybe
I will totally and freak the guys out
well they said it was done today it's
not true it was done no well it's not
here like it's supposed to be but it's
not so they're like when you need it
today so I told him my my flight was at
4:00 p.m. so they're rushing all over
the place because of all that thing
there all right well check it out let's
go get it
I love this magnificent woman she's a
beauty queen she brings life to my
lifeless body every morning cheers to
you beautiful angel I always try to get
this on camera but we always pass it
before I can put finally on camera
deodorant check gotta get some sort of
gel because Holly makes fun of my hair
and says it's going crazy all the time I
kind of like my Johnny Bravo hair
toothpaste toothbrush and then we got
spend a lot of money on stupid
medication mr. cereal
I'll bring Siri on the plane really
expensive first or like kind of shit we
try to like fly with as much as possible
so I have to first I got to fix this on
this base which is easy if they already
bought couple these things tell you what
it was broken to the paint tool and then
I could put this in the case the bass
guitar because this thing is so much
better
yes to actually fly with God I think
this thing cost us $200 flight to fly
free for me all right said I gotta fix
this guy oh it's big the doctors a shit
soon as I was talking about it's so much
cheaper to fly with and I don't know if
you guys actually know this when you
actually fly
we always tune down the the strings so
that way there's less pressure on the
neck because the atmosphere and the
pressurization of the plane it's a fun
little fact I don't know if you guys
knew about all right next up New Zealand
so I was stressing about the vlog and
trying to get this uploaded on certain
days one of the traveling and I
completely spaced about how Ali can
totally do it
but the only problems we needed me
getting the footage to her because if
I'm on a plane it's gonna be a little
harder don't freaking never fear Ali to
the rescue and then when I land in New
Zealand I'll be able to actually have
little how good brace has come up upload
the footage from the 20th that's the
challenge about daily vlogging without
missing a day is literally planning
things out and luckily Ali knows how to
do everything so she'll be fine
so I'm sure you guys can see charges a
little stressed out he tends to get very
stressed out about almost everything
before he leaves for tour I know that
one of the biggest concerns that he has
right now is come on God John is he's
basically going to be missing a day
which is silly because he knows that I
can get a video uploaded but I think
what he's worried about is that it's
gonna look like he well he didn't do his
job
you didn't vlog for a day which I don't
don't worry about it everything's gonna
be perfectly fine you guys might just be
hanging out with me on xx which
hopefully you enjoyed that we'll see but
also you know just travelling in general
as fun as it is and as exciting as it
can be it's so stressful getting
everything worked out
you know making sure you have everything
before you leave especially with being
in a band you know I feel like if they
miss one crucial part to any part of
their instrument or anything of that
sort it can really like really screwed
things up I'm telling him to try and
calm down as much as he can but I think
he'll finally become when he's on that
plane and you won't have to worry
because there's nothing Lt Gen figure so
until then I'm going to try and keep
them as stress-free as possible there's
enough socks so I need 30 days pass so
many of the same
I'm kind of proud of myself of all the
years of packing for Taurus I feel like
this is the most organized that I've
ever done
oh girl you looking flat you looking
super flat he's such a good sport
you're good sport you are a little
troublemaker of course the girls always
next to me during this time Marley
you're a big help big help oh there's
your best friend
there's your best friend is always
guarding the suitcase you know your
daddy's leaving dope and then you got
assholes bunch of assholes just getting
right in your face get out of here face
I didn't actually mean that like
literally I'm a really sad with
Charlie's tomorrow I'm like really
excited for him but I'm I'm actually
really Sykes's when I'm gonna be gone
for two weeks
I am grinning a little because he's
looking at me weird first show is that
until something wrong cop time search
Martha are you excited about tour ma'am
you can not have any of my dip obviously
that's where I don't like leaving now
you know I know it's been a stressful
day but the most stressful day it'll be
worth it
I got medication taken care of figure
out the vlog stuff you're gonna upload
all the blog stuff that's exactly what's
gonna happen bass big cameras all day
though I feel like I mean relatively
chill day it's shielded I count the guys
this is the first time I sat down all
day I hope you guys are really excited
for New Zealand because I've obviously
never been there I love Australia and I
know you guys are gonna love the videos
we're gonna be doing a lot of cool stuff
so if you guys are brand new make sure
to click Subscribe and I actually had no
idea what's gonna end up happening on
this tour probably a lot of amazing
things so I would recommend subscribing
right now so I'll see you guys tomorrow
as always have a great night bye guys
you know what I'm gonna even clear the
outer hair
and a little bit better
