good morning Jimmy sikkim Walt good
afternoon Jimmy Neutron oh Jesus char
well not anymore dress doesn't say maybe
we could have donated it but just
kidding it was broken is why hello yeah
I know I just realized that so never
mind that's like really frightening it
just broke apart daddy Wow be careful
honey folks man i am off to go get some
work done so today i love you 19 but
right now i am just trying to find out
i'm sitting on all these planes go i
have all right so i leave the 19 I don't
get to New Zealand until the 21st so the
20th doesn't even exist for me kind of
interesting I actually didn't realize
that we're gonna be in the air like that
so I'm a little bit stressed out trying
to make sure that I don't miss a day I
know it sounds stupid and I'll let all
itself but just after doing this for so
long I need to figure out a way to do
this it's weird cuz we fly the 19th we
get there the 21st so we kind of time
travel or flash forward that's a one we
time travel I guess it would be time to
but we're not the cool time travel we
couldn't go back in time so I'm trying
to figure out where I can do this maybe
in LA I think it's going to be fine it
just looks it looks really daunting I'll
be completely honest and this is stupid
stuff I shouldn't be stressing out about
but I just I do you know it's I put so
much into these videos and I want to
make sure that they're good all the time
and on time I'm not too worried honestly
because I always end up somehow figuring
this crap out right there and cut it
like that around the corners also swear
that's perfect all right
sucks because i just took my medication
I'm a little shaky right now worst thing
for me to be doing and we got a mohawk
that's actually one week away her
wedding I remember when my sister got
married how like stressed out she was
and worried she have everything ready
like it's everything perfect getting out
up I'm trying to help Claire he's her
mind a little bit we're gonna do one
more trial for her hair the final trial
I'm really sad cuz char is leaving
Friday morning as super early and he's
gonna be gone for like two weeks so
really sad I'm very excited for him
though but I'm super sad that he's going
you
so it looks like they finished I just
want to show you guys it looks freaking
amazing way to go buddy peeing on the
grill what a jerk thing to do what do
you guys think it was get the full full
thing now that everything's done
completely transformed it all right
whose feet are these diesel let me see
your feet and see your feet come on
humor me come here are those your feet
let me see your feet let's see nope
those aren't your feet I wonder who
could be come here right ok let's stop
moving oh look at that perfect dick so
there's this little section of the patio
I guess we can call this now that they
kind of I don't know why they left this
but there's like this little section
right here and I can't tell if this is
cement or not or like concrete but you
as you can see Zoe Marley and diesel
decided to christen it so I need to kind
of label it at Tamar
this has got to be a diesel
actually gonna hope this is cement this
is kind of cool so I got to sign mine
and then when Ali gets back she's gotta
sign hers that's as best as I can do and
submit whatever the hell is this mud I
mean you know just in case when I have
to do the Hollywood Walk of Fame my
practice all right so Ali's got to do
what she goes back this probably just
and it's wet I have been trying to get
everything in this house completely done
I think this is my car actually now i'm
trying to go get a haircut before i
actually leave because my hair gets a
little unruly as you can see right now
what are you looking at today has been
kind of one of those days where I'm just
been trying to catch up with everything
because I leave literally in think two
days in Australia New Zealand mind
explosion right now it is a tea or
something degrees it's their son the
summer everything's flipped around
because they're so far on the other side
of the world or south I guess it would
be I really don't understand the whole
idea why its flipped around so it's
gonna be kind of nice to get away from
what little cold that we have and enjoy
it other so extra summer I guess you
could say and on top of it beyond summer
I'm just really excited to be back to
Australia look cuz it's been I think it
was literally after the first surgery it
was up to the first surgery I believe
that I went to Australia so it's gonna
be kind of nice for me to go there you
know healthy with my hair I was
completely bald I think I wasn't bold I
had my head shaved I don't know if you
guys remember that or if you been
watching the videos long enough so my
head was like shaved it was a simple
plan tour that we did and it'll be nice
to just go back out there and have fun
out in Australia because it's definitely
one of my favorite countries alright so
i just got my haircut as you see and the
stylish right now and i decided because
i don't know if you remember a few days
ago I went and I bought all those
painting stuff because I wanted to do
the simpsons sailboat painting you know
the one behind the the couch and all the
couch gags in that the simpsons house so
i want to try to do that I've never
actually painted anything in my entire
life except for
maybe art school or art class maybe in
high school when I was forced to paying
things so it's going to be a challenge I
think I've got to set the alarm when I
left thank God I have like the remote
stuff and I feel like such a jerk I
completely forgot the dogs was kind of
think I was coming home this makes me
feel like an asshole Oh Zoey it was
makes me feel bad this was such a good
idea to get one of these things at the
same time it makes me feel even worse
because I can see how Zoe just chills at
the front of the door oh my gosh hey
this is so amazing out here it looks
like Charles signed won't have you
showed you this who signed it I'm pretty
positive it's just mud but it's kind of
cool that he's find it and there it is
guys my perfect canvas great when I walk
in it's exactly what I needed what do I
need sighs that was amazing i literally
just walked in this store and they had
this that's the only thing he needed
perfect nothing I just love how long it
takes you to get into the house cool
thank you man that was really mean to me
I thought here name all Thank You gummy
bear all right so this is gonna be the
first time I've ever really painted
something like I was saying earlier and
Recife social work well I got extra
canvases cuz Ali can actually paint so
now this is this way guys make sure when
I'm traveling Ali paints for you guys or
does something cool what does candice
made out of and after you say candice
over smacky the only way i can say what
canvas is made Abbas just a mantis I
feel like it's just got Lucas good used
to be like skin right tinium acrylic
gesso crunch guess so oh you're just a
prime okay so I got the camera set up we
really got to get some tripods it's so
sad it's really sad to admit that we
both don't have tried
we always have to I feel like it's more
fun this way because we were to make do
with what we have and it's like more
creative that way already Ali's off to a
better start than I am you could already
see mine Clark's getting married and
she's very like hippy hippy and fucin
love and so I'm going to make her some
flour with a confusing center for her
time well yours is gonna look way better
than mine mine is gonna look better like
as I bet you if I did this as finger
painting as a kid it probably would look
better all right let's see if we can do
this just starting my I don't know if
you guys can recognize my little
painting yet if you get it's a
masterpiece it's it's some fits a famous
painting I'm trying to replicate I
already screwed up to the cloud just
what not to do the clouds all
differently you can do the club's good
and so funny you sound like my art
teacher in high school you could do that
it's okay if you can every mistake is up
that opportunity it truly is as fuck so
I went dirty tricks then probably I
wasn't paying attention my teacher hated
me
you
you know what I'm gonna even include the
alley hair he's not going to guys yeah
i'm gonna leave dinner
you
no this doesn't get someone clone yet
I'll take it out out their search to her
ok so I was just talking with Danny and
he gave me a cool idea he recently did
in one of his videos where he painted
something he tried to put it up on like
an auction kind of thing I go jet
painting gallery so what I'm going to do
is when I finished with this glorious
thing which is almost done as you can
see I'm just finishing it up I'm going
to put it on ebay for you guys and
whoever wants to get it can try to get
it and all the money every every cent of
the money will go to bring cancer
research I just thought this would be
kind of a cool way to like get back and
so you guys can have an awesome
centerpiece for your wall or for a
mantle or whatever or couch wherever you
want to put it so I definitely have to
give a shout-out for Danny for giving me
this idea and doing it himself because
he did it and I think his painting with
me I think he did a house on a field I
think what needs to happen is Danny and
I need to came up and make an awesome
painting on the road and that'll just
end world hunger
getting near and I had to do the clouds
and i think i just drew a penis 5a
attention i wanted to hide something
well there you go there's a hidden penis
on this painting all those wieners
everywhere just hidden wieners
you were doing an incredible job I'm
getting there I like it I actually like
it looks just like Walt's hang on sorry
the brightness on this camera sometimes
but it looks super cool you did great
I'm gonna add a little shadow I gotta do
the pole and then when I do some
outlining go to you are the best for the
internet best for charity and this your
risk in a way better see yours is
actually cute honey yours came from your
brain mine just came from him so I did I
wish I did this a little bit different
but I still really like it there's a
culprit who committed the crime those
are awfully tiny paw prints oh I think
it's sure pause I think you're the
culprit did you some money husband palm
prints in this house I say guys I mean
personally boyfriend is quite an artist
look at that it's weird I just put that
medicine so that medicines make me a
little twitchy oh so the end of this
painting like a little bit worse if it
could get any worse oh shit costs it's
beautiful this is the giant I call my
mom hold up all right guys finishing
touch check it out it's my rendition of
the simpsons sailboat hope you guys
enjoyed today's video if you guys want
to get this painting i will put a link
down there in description all the money
from this thing whoever wins will
directly to brain cancer research so
i'll see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night bye guys ox your hold
on hold on wish I sign it right here
right here don't think I do too dark
I'll do it right here okay ready that's
Ally tell me where to go before I go
what's today 17th yeah
there we go I'll see you guys tomorrow
bye yeah
that is sake ok so does smell mega-girl
dinner the earth
you not only kappa little damp these
Tomic lover
