good morning Internet so today we are
going to try something a little bit
different this is something I've been
wanting to try for a very long time it's
called the shock ball challenge I'm not
thrilled I have no idea how can we tell
you this but this is a ball think one of
those shock pens this is a ball full of
those little shocky things that's the
diesel and we're gonna take this up
really fast
let's go off you know like you would
play hot potato back and forth I
actually don't know I don't know the
word stop two words it's like I feel
like there's like a little like really
there's a game yeah it's actually a game
got the little starter we hit it in
we're never gonna get this game going
I'm gonna put the button in I don't know
there's a random amount of time and
we're just gonna like go back and forth
and we're gonna try to create a game so
I'm just throwing back and forth but
basically you take the name of a
celebrity Tom Hanks if I say that he has
to create or say the name of the
celebrity that sort of H being the last
names first letter yeah the show so Hank
Aaron then you have to do something with
a yes makes sense until you have
something that's a shock in the freaking
air and we have no idea when this goes
off so it's random pick up wait whoa
whoa hold the phone there are scissors
there are two the shoot
Zella bitch other timber Roxanna shoot
those legs
you gotta put the little Nami in the
hole okay yeah did you get it turn right
or something
both are certain this south through well
how do you know if it's gonna shock you
terribly and that means it's going off
right now I've just signed on okay sorry
um jewellery box Randall Cunningham Oh
cut again Carl jr. than the person can
reduce thanks going you didn't start it
right okay
Samuel Jackson Josh Duhamel that is
sucky okay so - jamele are you gonna go
Daniel day-lewis Leonardo DiCaprio
you're the damn DS like nobody it's like
I don't wanna like dropping Oh
don't slip it don't I didn't warn you do
it
that's gonna get her this grab the
rubber parts so where was that started
beginning okay all right so we're gonna
now you gotta say something start of
mother's name
hey Carolyn Bobby Knight
this thing sucks okay okay come on you
go out the excess water
thank you you look hot very bird Michael
Michael grab Mikey Michael Jordan $20
hey no
all right so we're into Disney movies
Disney Princesses I don't even actually
know like was it movies okay okay what's
wait no go away cuz you can hold it in
Mets has been sitting there hibernating
blanking types actually means no types
of movies movies no relish ma'am pickles
come on you gotta say it before you
throw it up say it Thousand Island or
thrice sauerkraut
Oh economist things that you have for
lunch that's this is a fun game sucks
sucks sucks who's the winner ally or
myself I don't even know if there is a
winner in those I'm gonna bring this on
the Toros that's modes of transportation
hoverboards car walking plane trains
unicycle tricycle go-kart bicycle
rollerblades skateboarding well guys
we're gone with the bed so I really hope
you enjoyed this love today and if you
guys are new don't you forget to
subscribe see you Mauro
