the clock is now ticking I have like
three or four more days I think three
more days of being home and then we're
leaving for tour for Australia New
Zealand it's kind of a crunch time right
now the people were supposed to put the
papers in today guess your truck broke
down so that's happening on wednesday
and then i think the people are coming
to do something at the other house just
so make sure it's completely done so
today i need to go down before we leave
to make sure everything's getting taken
care of so hopefully what I'm gone it'll
be like what she's over there she's
running on the phone I basically I want
to make sure Oh Sully southern nuns oh I
want to make sure everything's gonna be
taken care of so when I'm gone it can go
on the market and hopefully by the time
I get home sold everyone calm down so
he's the only one being calm right now I
love the good sear little big ass here
almost woman those are the horses way
out there
they said that you can go out to the
sandbar
so I have this old pc that doesn't work
anymore and I figured this would be the
most perfect time to smash it because it
has no working parts I've already tried
this and it's just it's kind of
no tie rack part about this situation we
actually love the irony is that i
remember building this thing so i guess
that would be ironing and now i remember
breaking it you can even tell how old
this is by looking at the freaking
graphics card dori guys there's nothing
salvageable about this thing I made sure
to check what's to try to play frisbee
you want to try one two three she still
got it
how's that throw that was bad throw come
here so we can get a good throw in the
wind it's not my fault Joey am I the
winds fault what damn way and put the
boomerang hey
good
do you know how to play pretty you're
leavin know how to play
now
Oh get sick perfect there's no way than
everything and you didn't want to do it
just going through everything now and
the cleaners who came through freaking
nailed it is i've never seen his house
cleaner as you can tell i have to keep
the girls and be out because can't have
dog hair coming right through they're
pissed off because i would suck to have
Atleo somebody come in and sparkling out
of this stuff and then tumble weeds
coming through all right just making
sure everything's clean it's definitely
bittersweet I would have to say no
getting rid of this house I mean there's
been a lot of memories in this house you
know both good and bad and you know
always have those you know in my heart
as well as online I should say too
because that's the butyl bout doing
vlogging but you know it's one of those
things where it's time to move on it's
time to start creating new memories I
love our house that we have now it's
just a new movement in life oh they left
the avocado since it was brown at one
point and absorbed all the water we're
gonna have it matching the floor of the
garage obviously I think it's gonna look
a lot nicer doing that really nice to
have a chignon and it's gonna protect it
longer I think it is a buzzard buzz you
Buzzard don't they ruined like shingles
and they ruin roofs skulls
I know I'm sorry that's just too much I
got close all the way maybe let me
better I'm sorry a fine job making that
look nice I love faith that literally
looks like night and day hello falou we
could do is poke it at it because
there's already oka does polka dot it
yeah I would love the house but you got
here or the polka dots very very manly
we'll call this the woman here kind of
late we'll just put a bunch of pink
polka dots by the way my dad can't get
this up because this is when I did all
those any and the Jones screeching with
a golf cart can I get your number
that's what we're thinking that thing is
just hauntingly watching my dad and I
right now just waiting for us to die
bird go away hit before and after this
one is just insanely nice one they are
not happy with us they're not allowed in
the house right now because it just got
cleaned and this one is scratching and
making noise I'm just Lauren and kinder
to in you I'm sorry here I'll come out
how would I come out we kind of like
finished doing most of the little
touch-ups that were left and I think
it's good to go so I know Charles pretty
happy he wanted to get this all figured
out and finished before he left and I
think that we've accomplished that with
a huge help from his mom and a huge help
from his dad and from his mom's friend
and it turned out really amazing but
everything looks beautiful and I know
it's kind of bittersweet for char
because you know who loves his house so
much and it means so much to him and
about him a lot of wonderful memories so
you know I know it's probably really
difficult for him to get rid of this
right now why memories are so specialist
because well you have them so then you
won't go for a ride I know those are the
magic words aren't they I don't know if
chart I'll do this but Zoey and Marley
did what they always do whenever you
come to the house and they rolled in
poop you don't understand that I have no
idea why they have such an obsession
with rolling their entire body in
another dog's poop poop poop Marley so
we acquired this old TV years ago and
I've been wanting to do this for so
freaking long you know internet go
television right guys let's put this
ring here
Oh freaking heavy holy look at this
the bird's nest there's a bird's nest no
the lowest i've ever seen a bird's nest
though oh I'm about the break TV do you
want to break it
get a big ol dick
like 2,000 like 10 years ago I did this
with a big one with a sledgehammer it
exploded it away
you say don't wreck your hammer I think
a whack at it it's fun
kind of looks like artwork CTFxC
original so now what do you want to do
with it what they get home no thank you
he's a pop no apparently not just so
everybody knows this thing did not work
so Charles isn't just destroying things
that it was not working for years well
maybe like your mom said we wrap it up
and ship it out we don't have a garbage
Japan hi mom thank you yeah
and then maybe tape it up at that body
so did you anticipate to do that or did
you think it's gonna like this I was
honestly expecting a little puff
something I'll have to try to find a
clip of when I did it with a CRT and it
just scared the out of me actually
it's like you're reading of a dead body
death of Internet I mean this is a death
of television yes internet killed TV
come how we got lucky enough that
someone actually picked up at a TV and
took it for scrap which never happens oh
my gosh and we thought that Marlene
actually cut her fingers up but that's
just paint it's red paint yeah go for
that to get some different things got
lucky today yeah we did that without an
adult I mean the best timing ever ever
ever had my entire life or at least on
camera this guy's those like scrap metal
that's what pride as a scratch yes Scott
maghreb aluminum yeah just took it for
us yeah that's timing ever that was fun
though diesel you're sitting on your
sister come on over here
get over here come on come on your baby
yeah I'll just want to sit on top of her
Darius can you charge right how you can
shake oh thank you thank you I know
Marley he's weird it's so weird I almost
didn't want to go into the house what
spider is this oh it's jumping around I
blew them away
because he's about to me yes maybe I am
very different version but I am going to
go ahead and get him back
I'm gonna go drive mind something too
go I was reading about last risk to
actually
