wakey-wakey thank you you're welcome
first and only time you're ever gonna
get breakfast in bed Oh Marley you do
think you're gonna get some Oh
do not lick your mouth do not lick your
mouth every time don't do it stop lick
your mouth
stop it do you know what this means
smart dog it's gonna happen you stink
all right so now that it's not 47
degrees it's actually nice out I have to
clean these stinky stinky dogs yeah you
might as well get it super dirty as
possible that's so out of character of
her yeah
let's pray you but you you're first
because you're doing nothing but begging
come on let's go
all right Leah puppy loca hello berbay
she's like you're putting making little
apps out of my hair while I'm freezing
my butt off
we're all right no tells tells tells
ever seen anything you lay right in the
Sun it's weird
yeah yeah yeah yeah yes so big I've
never seen her do that all right your
turn
where you going hey yo come here where
you going you like those spitting
dinosaurs all right
you ate Newman Ali ran over to Claire's
house to help her work the hair because
Claire's getting married well I'll be in
Australia and I was gonna help with the
hair so super exciting stuff I just want
to go get an air filter so we're not
breathing in Zoey moralities in here the
whole time
all right so they have these kind of air
filters right here and they told us to
find the ones that have the metal you
guys don't have any something super
nerdy and probably really not very
exciting at all
the reason why air conditioned people
like these a little bit more than these
type of things
apparently the a/c unit has to pull
harder to get the air through versus
those who disclose right through this is
more meant for people with a super
allergies and things like that
and now you know I know it's really
exciting I told you it wasn't that
exciting but a lot of people might need
to know that one day since the big
Valentine's Day and I love Ali to death
and I know she says she hates it but she
she loves flowers I know she loves
flowers so I had to get her some some
roses now now mind you I kind of set
myself up for a fail I don't know how
many months ago was I set up the entire
house with roses
surprised I'm sorry I'm selling my
pension
yeah now I'm gonna have a hard time
topping that for the rest of my life so
glad that's censoring oh my got the
perfect sensor right there
this is definitely not what I did before
and there's no way I'll ever get back to
that yeah they're not a thousand good
Marley see he's excited so excited
people feel one a thousand and you
remember all the bugs that came from
those sounds and roads I might have been
exaggerating you guys remember that I
don't know if you remember the videos
following the flower like that the
surprise is a flower surprise we had
these like little gnats in this how few
flies in this house I'd say for a good
two months like two months you know
what's really funny is I actually
considered getting a vase and then I
remembered we still have so many vases I
forgot to eat before I took my medicine
this morning or this afternoon and it
just it literally hit me the second I
walked in the door with everything I
just sort of feeling really weird so
I've just been looking like it looks
like I'm like wasted right now I kind of
been drunk for like four hours
it's it's so weird what it does it just
makes you feel dizzy makes you feel
tired like immediately when I walked in
I gotta throw the cameras turned off
she's like are you all right it's like
cuz it looked it looks that bad it just
annoys me so much to think about how
much money not only I waste but everyone
wastes and these stupid pharmaceutical
drugs they were just pumped with like
chemicals and just built in a lab and it
just makes me feel really kind of gross
to think that I'm like putting all these
chemicals to fight something that's
naturally occurring in my body I don't
know I just I feel like there's gotta be
something else
this just stuff sucks and especially
when it just knocks me out like right
now I just wanted to sleep just do
nothing
Phoebe hi buddy oh right we're actually
trying to figure out how to adjust our
sprinkler system basically all the what
are we getting done scratch that
basically tomorrow they're coming in and
they're laying down all the bricks that
are gonna be put down here and it's
supposed to be really really nice but
last time that we were in the sprinkler
system or pretty much every times
watches we're discovering that it sprang
into this area which is not what we want
so we're trying to figure out on our
very own how to adjust this and since I
feel like crap and really weird figure
it out so somehow we had to figure out
how to get this bad boy like up and off
so that we can adjust it because he did
that to me yes maybe I am very
contradicting but I am going to go ahead
and get him back to so I'm gonna go and
try and find something to get Charles
back with and I'm very very excited
about it so I was meeting on that last
clip to actually set up meeting a
sprinkler system right next to this one
and I feel it so bad that it's hit this
one off I don't know why producers from
my booth I thought the number I hit was
that one little did I know
so even though chars still felt like he
wanted to be a jerk to me do something
nice for him just kind of counteract the
negativity that he brought on this very
very special day time oh look it's a
candy jar with your favorite things you
make me look like an asshole look at
that a candy jar filled with kisses and
hugs and hands I even threw peanut
butter in there and some airheads
because you're an airhead before doing
what you did earlier
hide your big jerk enjoy your candies
yeah
happy v-day guys she really doesn't like
Valentine's Day she's just making it up
to make me look bad do a good job
I really am actually you're welcome to
it yeah yeah you're smelling my armpit
that's romantic
boy I love you I love you too I hate
myself
jerk it's okay I'm sorry but you really
did turn on that stop it you really did
turn on that sprinkler system so that I
would get wet don't you're a liar I
really straight face I promise you I
really was trying to set the ones right
next to you because I wanted you to jump
that's what the whole goal because I'm
the opposite side of the house he's
totally lying right now no it would jump
and you would jump that way because the
camera is facing that way so it would
have been perfect because he's not
telling the truth everyone I thought I
just can't keep a straight face it sucks
it's house let's go find something to
eat
or do you want to just order pizza I
don't know I feel like crap you don't
feel good the medicines beg you mean
weird again I know I'm sorry I feel bad
won't you just get some rest I don't
want it then we should do something I'll
make that up order that was really great
to go from one way to the other I'm
gonna make you food I'm gonna order
something
Alys ashamed of me right now because my
hair really that bad yeah so happens
I've been have been doomed to a hood
anyway coming back to last Valentine's
you guys remember what we did last the
Valentine's Day challenge this is better
than any restaurant that we could
possibly have and then we have some nice
little candlelight ignore that light
chef chef Ali I know crazy I think
that's the coolest thing thank you guys
so much for watching if you guys like
the video make sure you hit the like
button and don't forget to subscribe
we'll see you tomorrow
I know I did another cabin I literally
I don't know whatever we do the over
time you'll ever see aliens barking and
a boat probably okay time for the
annoying photo three two one seema
castle there's a seagull I want what do
you want to do the Haunted Mansion first
I want to do a haunted mansion think
that's that way
