you want to be before you have around
don't worry no I'm okay
all right checked in through security
too much I overslept by the way it's
like one of those moments we actually
look at your phone actually actually set
an alarm I was trying to make an excuse
why I was late turn off man made
everyone late looked at my phone there's
freaking an alarm toggle it off oh yeah
it's true he was up he was up like ready
to go like showered and everything and
I'm still just showered showered like
you're motivated what's it like to take
a shower I know what you like fancy
pants we only got one for the airdrop
mode other than been
put your clothing it that's a great
photo your friends
we'll show you my good thing to do it
every
you gotta do right foot
I put it right here so you got to do and
then you gotta get left foot in how you
do it basically enough we got here like
30 or 45 minutes early so i'm going to
rush all the way over to the apt
terminal and see if i can actually get
home earlier and then if not i have to
go back all the way to a
so I didn't obviously get on the early
flight and what from I'm not even
kidding literally one and the complete
edge it was an f1 of the airport and now
i'm on the complete other end of a day
one
and I'm gonna have to get this going
down wait am i nuts
did you just use that window it's right
by your face
you
hello friends Oh friends hey I didn't
tell it's always exciting she never does
that if you couldn't tell what was going
on that one clip when I was on the plane
basically there was that window that was
pretty much it was like ninety percent
on my side of the seat and it was like
burning like the Sun was burning my face
and I went to put it down and the guy
kept putting it up like literally it was
like one of those things like a kid I
put it down he goes like that put them
up like just kept doing it and I turned
around I'm like you saw basically what I
had to do I never liked getting in
scuffles cuz you're in a giant tube of
aluminum flying in the air and there's
really no place to go but I just I
couldn't deal with that was getting
sunburned on my face and it's very
uncomfortable anyway so there's that and
I'm home can't complain too much I hope
you guys have been enjoying the creative
angles that we've been trying on the
blogs it's kind of fun because I've been
inspired by a few my friends you know
Casey Jesse Danny even and I thought we
kind of tried here and Ivan I've
honestly been having a blast doing it
because it kind of makes you think of
really creative things to do instead of
just holding the camera from your face
like regular traditional vlogging so I
hope you guys are enjoying that and it
makes traveling so much more interesting
than it actually is I really honestly
hope you guys have been liking him
because they're really fun to do and I
think that's the number one thing ever
which should take from YouTube is to be
inspired from each other because that's
how it all works you know somebody made
a cat video somebody else was inspired
to do another cat video somebody was
inspired to do vlogging another person
who got inspired to do blogging and more
and more people got inspired to do
vlogging so without inspiration there's
no progress that sounds way smarter
than I actually a.m. I'll take it I
didn't eat and take a nap yep you're so
excited you're so happy and then here
comes Marley to get more attention
because she's a punk high for a nap Oh
need it so bad that's my spot hi go to
bed you can't we gotta get going jhajjar
just get up both you and so we just did
the same exact thing so versatile you
guys haven't spent hundreds of dollars
on my medicine so I went to think I'm in
a kitchen yesterday we're just showing
you what happened sure okay so I my
Cologne exploded in my bag and for some
reason it seeped into this thing only
see that's clone eating up by hundreds
of dollars in medication yay this is
where I get little anxiety attacks
because I was traveling and this
happened its crew kelowna form of like
can petrify thing a pedophile what's the
word I'm looking at preserve can clone
preserve things just like in water that
stuff would have dissolved right now
like it's perfect the soaked up and
cologne smells good
so Wilson still have tickets two extra
tickets to the lightning game hey who
are the Lightning playing
my mom's land mom where the nashville
predators the Predators are be honest
cuz i have no idea how moving and eric
shitting right now
I'm on like like some reserve I'm job
going on the fumes right now but this
guy is a good news let me good luck
that goes but happen Twitter account oh
my but you must be proud
my mom right away
how did it happen
help us hurt
I
I knew Jumbotron so much that I always
gravitate to look at those I really wish
is not report or very long legs make
them how they're doing but I said early
just have to take my legs otherwise I
would not
Oh
this is single-handedly the most creepy
thing I've ever seen in my entire life
again watch I'm controlling my face on
yours look speak
this literally puts a new meaning to the
word face-off
I don't even want I don't know what to
say or do right now I just want to sit
here that is so weird now they're doing
all these things that I was to Melissa I
would see what a bed then there's gonna
be a marriage proposal up there and
there was I doubted us
and there was not here to think it
so there's like nobody in their seats so
I have a weird feeling
out for you with that event if you
wanted
he's like no wait look at away
broke it up and now everyone's upset
me
I can't believe all these lightning fans
that are leaving right now is so
enticing I'm so sorry no joke Tyson
somehow got upstairs we like what sorry
my voices will really know the walked
into the house packing our Titleist oh
what a dress your voice right now I'm
trying to but he was upstairs dr. Tyson
oh that camera shows that zero hey guys
thanks so much for watching today if you
guys are new make sure you go ahead and
you hit that subscribe button and you
know what we'll see you tomorrow bye
shut up internet the second billionaire
al play outside like so nervous yeah I
know you don't want to move you don't
agree it's like it's really different
yeah maybe you're like crazy it was
really kind of crazy like really they're
gonna watch or grow up Russell isn't it
insane but like 20 hours
