so I just got an email from our
neighborhood watch dear neighbors just a
few things to update you with someone
has been leaving soft cat food on either
a paper plate or dumped in the bushes or
on the storm drain people are
complaining about walking their dogs
past this area and their dogs being
distracted Mary is leaving her cat food
on those storm drain again
it's just a shame because so far
obviously they're just trying to help
out a little you know cats are not doing
anything I just feel like so funny
that's like that's like that's Serio
typical suburban life right there they
should go around the back door now
there's in the bathroom so it was like
really angry so she realized you can go
this way you can go that way you're
smart you're remembering things you're
remembering things all right so we need
to get the grout done do they get a
cleaner to come to do everything that we
can't do shrimp you oh I just realized I
was editing just the last time we were
here yeah this is exactly how it was I
remember when I bought the house I'm
trying to recreate the way when I first
walked in here and how amazingly big it
was I completely forgot how loud it is
in here with these dogs
so cute that's the cutest thing you
could have done there's an ostrich
I'm sorry Marley you can shoot this
there you go I apologize I apologize I'm
a mean person all right I'm gonna get
some boxes so we get some boxes that I
call wrap people over we got to get that
clean we're getting there
oh they wanted donut this much better
painter than I am so I'm on recon duty
right now had to get a bunch of boxes I
have to figure out how to put this thing
on our roofs I have no idea how to do
that charges went to the storage he's
gonna grab a few things to kind of help
right now this it's just nothing but
cleaning supplies so clean spies and
paint and everything that we have been
working on well his mom has died have
been killing it
his mom is incredible she's over here
all the time trying to help we're
cleaning or finishing the trim kind of
getting it presentable for pictures to
be taking because he's got to get it up
on MLS girls are hanging out by the
front door waiting patiently for Charles
to get back because you know they love
him they always freak out whenever he
leaves right girls will say this I'm
pretty impressed with my trim took me
some time and I really liked it and I
think it looks really good and I was
telling Charles the baby we should do
this at our house but that's for another
time because right now I can't do it
here I'll do it there we're gonna have
to wait for a while
you want to help me pain how about I
just keep talking to dogs even know what
I'm saying
so you see ghosts she always sees ghosts
this house is haunted
good thing we're moving or moved can't
live in this haunted house anymore
always looking for something at first I
thought our neighbor was trying to steal
Marley but it's just a male version of
Marley get the spots and everything so a
fun thing when you're cleaning up and
packing up everything is that you get to
find things that you normally don't
remember and I shouldn't say not to
remember but usually gets kind of like
buried in the closet or organized
somewhere or lost in the shuffle I
should say and I found this notebook of
a bunch of drawings of Zoey and Marley
and then I remember this so well it was
the Zoey puppet Zoey puppet got another
drone more drums you never have enough
guess what I have a fit Marley
now now person their charter you know
what like hey Internet you guys remember
these things were actually like really
super popular and you could find them on
everyone's wrist these are definitely
not pogs such a weird things just a
rubber band yeah yeah I see the
resemblance
do you remember that one yeah look at
this other side oh that's definitely the
Zoey face so I totally forgot about this
one check that one out back in the day
when I used to drive
so for some strange reason I've decided
to try and move this entire futon by
myself through an itsy-bitsy
hallway while filming so right in the
middle of movie she's like yeah you know
I think I'm just gonna hop on top here
and you know hang out
you silly girl
you need a big strong gee that's why
it's variation of throw this on energy
balls
beep beep mark woo-loo-loo touch
dying sound of an airhorn seeing another
step they're not quite a couple more
visits I think then we're ready process
what I love you too dick what hey you
know what the temperatures gonna be in
Chicago yet I bet it's like if I were
the bat I bet it's going to be 23
degrees 32 your guess what is the
temperature in Chicago Illinois tomorrow
I nail it and on that note so begins my
packing journey anyway I will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night I'll see you Chicago I should say
bye guys
yeah
