hey guys so this is a little idea Alan
came up with a couple days ago we bought
one of these things
gingerbread mini lodge it's a village if
you will
I guess it's a village so it's no longer
gingerbread house it's so there's like
four little ones we thought wait
is this all one or that's part of one no
this is all one so you just break apart
we're both waiting blindfold if I don't
blindfold so I got stuck yeah so we're
gonna try and build gingerbread houses
blindfolded basically yeah and I have a
feeling this is going to be a huge mess
and I mean yeah we're gonna put a timer
on everything that's how decorated you
have to have it because you're gonna
mess up the whole building bastards good
and we're gonna be at the end of 20
minutes who does the best and who even
gets a happy meal because I'm not even
sure if we're gonna even be able to
build it I think versus cut those apart
basically we need big ones are tiny ones
they're tiny ones oh okay so it's like
it's a mini so that's the front and
that's the back yes and these are the
sides and this is the other side I'm
using the roof so you go like this right
Hey yeah and then like
that's not good that's pretty rude my
favorite foundation which is even worse
Oh your was compromised my roof is
compromised too
I had a badly I think Tigers the bag
would suck to provider the procedures
falling right to use I think just
because that's not fair
can't superglue just this part you could
put icing on it yes but you can't
superglue that this needs to be one
that's tough Sherlock that's not fair
cuz then you can get a different one
just do this little you want the super
easy one that's literally a back of
Fryman metal roof no this one I all I
want to do is to include this the
section together can't super low because
you're gonna have to eat it I'm not
gonna eat this yes you are
that's how it goes for generator I never
eat the gingerbread and it starts to
sing roses ah yeah Wow you have the easy
house I have the easy house you can
shoot that everyone in work okay you
know what I'm super going this sure SS
brother now I know because you don't put
superglue on a ginger bread ginger bread
house I'm just super gluing a piece that
broke
that's faulty don't want to talk
I'm not putting supercooling like that's
cheating
out the doors I don't think we realize
what we're gonna be this is gonna be a
lot harder I think that we anticipate so
we're gonna have several categories
first category if the house construction
is complete the second category is the
structure third category is the look so
those are three categories so you do one
through five on each category and then
tally that up and that's the winner you
can already do it right now five and
five for me five on all the whole thing
so we've got fondant or at least we
think it's fun and we've got all
different types of candies down here ups
more icing sprinkles sprinkles we got
our gingerbread oh oh and here let's
just make sure you don't do anything lie
and we have that's good a handy-dandy
blankets we had to go with socks we had
all on blindfolds I have two these we're
not kinky like that that timer for 20
minutes spawned on God all right
you're smart that's not copying me I
thought this would be kind of easy ah
darn I could just feel something fall
I think I have my house built I don't
know anything all over me I can't give
you have delays no thanks Melanie
the snowflakes are all colorful
this is really crazy
okay guys moment of truth is coming know
where we were
it's snowing it's snowing it's snowing
hey seven six five four three two what
how what help me you did it
I was mine was like that Christmas tree
really good there's my roof I mean it's
it's on there but I mean it's better
than what this was all right now this
back of my house is in half and then I
took the fondant and I thought I was
snow I'm at because I felt fun and I'm
like I'm gonna totally turn it into a
Christmas tree can you see I'm won't
render barriers let's see if we can do
it well fawning all over it yeah that's
what I did it so that we can glued
together but then they kind of bite you
in the ass because once you do that it's
all over your face on your hands and
then when you let go of everything I
just pulls everything apart so I totally
thought you didn't wait who won remember
the three categories or is it stability
look and melted snowman was the last
three of them stability look and design
mine seems more stable um I think I went
for I kind of went forward the all over
look uh design I went for the grassy
knoll my house is that but it is held
together by multiple pieces of candy
mine looks like something bear from
Alaskan wilderness people hopefully we
live in know is the amazing decision but
who do you think has the best points in
the comments tell me one out of five for
style one out of five for stability and
then one out of five for overall
construction so then add all that
together and that's the total score did
you have a technique like my only
technique was put on it or frosting all
over kind of hold it together so I did
that too but then you know what I was
doing this like I would touch the side
of the plate and I would notice how far
away everything was oh that's fine I
don't know why kind of help me out
that's smart
and I make a box my fingers and try to
kind of similarly I think I had it built
a beginning but then it all I didn't
realize it was only three things I guess
I was expecting a bigger house all right
Ali gave up but I feel like well don't
even ice cream in house you had this
thing too
look at that like five minutes
Charles cheated Benji you're frosting
all over your face oh I do so not know
guys I Charles cheated who do you think
had a better house built blindfold you
know the worst part about this anyone
who's ever had it's not every year oh
it's gonna be very smart well just like
we get pie in the face it is smell this
goes everywhere I hope you enjoyed our
blindfolded gingerbread challenge I
don't know what we were thinking okay I
don't know if you has ever done this
before if they have and they did it
better than us every single time those
those wolves will just go right through
we enjoyed today's video yeah Christmas
holiday video if you guys have any other
ideas please let us know
good evening it's a little Deb here and
there we go
have a great night subscribe happy
holidays and we'll soon the vlog
tomorrow as always bye guys ah oh by the
way we're doing something pretty cool
tomorrow so make sure you subscribe tip
you
