well good morning
I've always been curious on these things
and God knows I would never put these on
my dogs however I have always been very
curious on what it would be like on a
human if you have no idea what I'm talk
about it's a shock collar I guess it
keeps dogs from like barking but every
time and every instance dive are seen
this it just dogs this bark until it
stops it's got a remote so Ali can do it
okay so char for some reason thinks it's
a good idea to go ahead and test out
this shock collar but we're actually
doing it for educational purposes and
for a little humor experiment because if
they do this to animals
it's got to be relatively safe for
people all right so it's on got a
connection okay this is how we test it
see the light paola we see that means we
know it's actually going and the lower
the intensity the lower the light oh
it's still pretty bright yes pretty low
okay maybe a little remote so you can do
it actually does somebody else want to
do the honors of the remote control oh
yeah so we did you just hit the wall
there's a close-up of it guys so that
looks really honey that's way too do you
know put down the camera you maybe we
can help don't you dare turn the prongs
that you Connor all right they kind of
do
I think you gonna feel it either way
you look like this is like one of those
like sex toys yeah you've been bad I
don't think I don't see any colors so
what are your thoughts on this Kate the
modern-day look you're probably pretty
stupid lines I hope so you try it there
actually Oh God
let's try to do it are you gonna test
that you got a bar yeah heard it you
don't want what
hey John the highest no God no no five
was what you got it do you think you
could do seven honey knows I haven't
pushed yes I was gonna bark see so we
would never ever ever do this to you
okay okay it's on seven okay you already
didn't say final do it on eight
no honey you told me you wanted to do
this it feels like somebody's just like
Yanks you don't know you jump I don't
want to I jumped into this turtles no
because I don't trust you
Oh dad I really don't go turn
no I don't want it I'm afraid I just did
it on eight you're not working hmm no
it's on three that's cuz on your neck I
mean you're like you're not feeling it
on your leg is it on anymore
I promise you absolutely not I enjoyed
it Jane you're not vain right there so
just not you you're next all right
is it really yeah is it really so rip
your bra I will rip your nipple off oh
you had all the way up to eight it is
for bad person yeah
it's real like no it's not good is bad
what honestly the next thoughts go like
that
yeah the kneecap makes you want to kick
everything it's just like a shock then
well no I trust you
again why do I have to do it can I put
it on your butt cheek yeah tighten
Butchie get over here dengue dengue not
something that people enjoy maybe it is
not me is it not on
was it
I think it's dying on us out don't stop
desire on your bike
thanks I did to my neck seriously you
owe me a really good day don't stop
desire on your bite at probably work
your butt out though it turns you up
guys got you stuff a little B for you
and the big B for you
you over it well guys my neck is feeling
a little bit better it didn't actually
hurt like like a pain it was more of
like a shock
I remember as a kid my dad had one of
those muscle TENS units and I would
always crank it up to like 12 on those
things it was the same feeling but I
would have to say I would never ever
ever put that on any animal especially
my dogs but it was fun to try anyway
hope you guys enjoyed today's video and
we will see you guys tomorrow as always
bye guys
No
