Megan Megan pushy good morning everyone
so I'm here with my sister and we're
gonna go get her a new camera that's
what she needs and I actually just
wanted I wanted the security cameras I
wanted actually talk to you about this
last night I watched the movie blank
check do you remember that movie yeah I
do
do you realize how much that movie I
personally realized that I was watching
over Ali that how much that movie has
seeped into my subconscious do you
remember like when they had the pool
tube the the water slide into the
pool from his bedroom that was the sole
reason why I got the last house because
we were that close to the bed I could
just walk right into the pool and all
those toys that he has are all the toys
that I've been buying lately yeah you're
right
I didn't realize that movie has
hauntingly sucked into my subconscious
on how much was the blank check for a
million dollars 1 million honestly guys
if you are about my age and the bat
scene blank check check in a while go
watch it and laugh how much you're like
oh that's where I wanted a go-cart track
that's why one go-karts ooh I love John
Cougar you were so mean to me with go
cards yeah I know it was like a pull
start and I wasn't strong enough to pull
it so Charlie would ride it and then he
would shut it off and he wouldn't start
it back up so I could ride it so mom and
dad I would have
cry or scream and then they would either
yell at you just started back up or they
would have to do it you remember that
the kill switch yeah I was an ass but I
was also secretly jealous cuz she could
do way better doughnuts and I could do
cuz she was smaller and lighter that's
why I got that a jump machine or the
jump thing in the house the other day
when we first not the other day a while
ago you guys remember that
I think you're kicked out
yeah so that thing and then the the
globe thing we haven't got I got to do a
globe thing
I feel like our entire generation is
inspired by that movie wouldn't it be
funny like if we were driving and it was
playing and we didn't pay attention
yesterday we found out this song was
starting rotation on the radio and we
got the wrong time however it's been
playing all day today see proof so this
was today today today we Kalyan and that
I'm walking we're walking with feels
really good anyways we're trying to get
a little exercise in before the Super
Bowl tonight I was actually going to go
for the Broncos regardless no Tom just
feels like like we should go because I
watch football all the time and I ain't
that's my favorite team I don't know
anything about football actually I know
nothing everything is it the visit and
if you haven't seen it and you like
scary movies I have an issue with scary
movies like a lot of them have become
Gore and they're kind of yeah I don't
know I don't really like a lot of the
new scary movies but the visit it's
scary it's a suspenseful maybe very
creepy yeah your muscle shirt on there
mark and then barely fits you anymore
dude
I apologize didn't mean to insult you
then we got good old Zoey never doing
anything bad see that looked annoying
with like I put her to sleep
I don't know what it is Joe Arpaio
leaves are jumping in a pile leaves is a
satisfying thing so that is the old pier
once the pier was tore down I guess what
they found out was that there was some
type of leak underneath it I don't know
if it was a gas leak a leak what it was
Caitlin and I did not consider the wind
tractor because it just feels good to
the Sun but the window just like it
shows you to the bone this road right
here and coming right here Caitlin I
were just discussing about how when we
are like an elementary school we are
cheerleaders
we weren't great but we were
cheerleaders unless and they have this
like Christmas parade that they do every
single year and we were just discussing
how long ago that was and how old are
getting
so as you all know today is the Super
Bowl go Broncos
I actually have no idea why I'm really
rooting for the Broncos because I have
no idea what's going on
Galen said they're good so I'm gonna
root for him I think it's so funny I
love walking the dogs when they got
their little sweaters on because I meet
the funniest people walking there we're
all flat as a cat right girls you're
gonna have to route from home I'm so
sorry
I know I know I know it's kuna koochoo
dog so beautiful you're the most Awkward
person : you can hello got though who do
you think is gonna win Super Bowl the
Broncos and what why is that your hair
is nuts
Peyton Manning is getting old and this
is his last year so that's why I think
they're gonna win - getting old well
it's his last year he deserves to win
okay that that's good okay okay okay I'm
first sir I'm so sorry I don't mean to
disturb you but I'm just wondering first
what team are you rooting for and why do
you think that they're gonna win
well it really all depends on the size
of the ball and the way it's gonna carry
in the atmosphere
okay so mm-hmm we're there in Denver
right now so I mean the atmosphere is a
little well so I think they're gonna
have to really kind of you know feel
with that and show that they can really
handle it
so Tom I'm just wondering who do you
thinks gonna win why the Broncos are
gonna win because this is gonna be pink
Minnie's last game okay I can Newton is
a cocky I'm actually voting for Green
Bay yeah do Tom how come every time the
internet Zuzu you're in some type of PJ
PJ pants I'm watching you cats yeah I'm
watching you see Super Bowl is not the
Super Bowl without wings what does it
get me scrub bitterly anxious let's get
up close in person maybe I could leave
him on a little longer sighs I know
you're absolutely right it's not done
yet
it's just not done bye bye guys we'll
see you soon
you want some peanut butter he doesn't
like that
Oh oh yeah signe feel good they're a
little crispy but they look good I think
they probably don't Kim my god
I've never seen a cat with more bajo
legit never seen a cat leave anything
other than tuna or cat food anything
there you gotta be cookie back thank you
nobody wants to do this I don't know why
we eat this stuff some vegetables
got no nutrients on
Jimena cabal King Cailan
tell me something about yourself so my
name is Caitlin amber sick and I'm 27
years old
Elin I have to cut someone's name in the
Mako what one's name is CUDA once from
Bermuda was from Jamaica if you could be
any animal what would it be
shake the sloth Caitlin ball yes if you
could be any animal that has four legs
both gonna be a sauce that four legs but
one two arms your legs so I guess I
would probably um I'd be a lioness
Kailyn yes houses okay what is your
favorite color that is in the hue of
blue I love your wife it's killing me
prettiest shape oh yeah hope you enjoyed
today's video don't forget to subscribe
and we'll see you guys tomorrow as
always bye guys
