so there's gonna be the first time I
actually get to utilize our new roof and
be outside while it's raining so I can
get some editing done oh the battery's
dying I forgot to change the last night
we don't have any comfortable furniture
for out here yet and I'm not getting wet
fine screw you - okay you don't wanna
hang out with me either
I don't know what are they are they
bamboo maybe that's why they didn't
throw it away I think how Zoey now comes
out and so does Marly when you're out
here can you some help there babe I only
got socks on does anyone know what this
plant is maybe this whole thing looks
like it's almost like a combination of a
palm tree and a bamboo tree man he they
knocked a big chunk of that one there's
a big-ass stick for you started feeling
really cooped up in the house so I had
to like at least get out a little bit
it's just I can't drive this is as close
as I can go to escaping I just think
when it rains I feel like it makes
everything really stuffy I'm just I hate
the heat maybe I'm from Florida
I'm so used to having air conditioning
on 24/7
Cheetos just makes me feel really
stifled this cold is still like kind of
like right here and I'm still trying to
kick in it take some vitamin B really
good for you too vitamin d3 already it's
funny I'm the one who takes all the
vitamins in the house and I'm the one
who got sick it definitely don't feel as
bad as I did a few days ago so that is
right here that is a place today I just
found out from Travis and management
that the new song is gonna start
rotation on the radio today you guys
have no idea how excited and just
floored I am to hear that when I started
playing bass about 15 or 16 years old it
was
two years old you know blue hair spiky
stupid Liberty spikes and all that stuff
the one thing I wanted to do was be in a
band you have to travel the world and
you know just do music because I loved
it so much and it's even more amazing
that since I've been filming these
videos I get the kind of like document
those dreams and things that are
actually happening in my life and I
think that's even more like a treasure I
think I can say really one of those like
pivotal moments in your life you know
you have those like I don't want to say
like those moments where they actually
define you as a person because that's
definitely not it but like those moments
to where you always remember even if I
wasn't vlogging that you would always
remember very vividly like for example
thank God I have this actually filmed
but that moment where we you know sold
out that arena where we did that whole
show in Buffalo and I couldn't believe
all the people singing back our song
louder than we were actually playing it
that moment right there is like a moment
that will always give me goosebumps and
every time I think about it and every
time I watch the videos I am so thankful
that it actually filmed it which is
student better because I could see all
you can tell a story picture says a
thousand words so what does that say
about video
that guy's trying outrun the cops really
put them back up get all the way that
was weird he's trying to outrun the cops
and they finally got him
that was weird he like locked his car
and I've never seen that before
do I go or do I stay very good question
that's bizarre
yeah it was weird now before you say why
did we stop it was weird because the
guys they had a pinned off you know like
we'd hear a siren you're supposed to get
to the side of the road so we hear
silence is know what to do so we pulled
over to the side of the road as we were
watching that we realized it was
probably a bad place to go something I
mean there's something Bad's gonna go
down we were gonna see it when I was
afraid of and this is really dramatic
wasn't rolling down the window where he
wasn't doing anything
the car went forward to our going back a
new circuit board and
I went forward we're getting done it
hurts like shooting pop and we're like
right then that's pretty dramatic thing
the point that was weird you get one of
these and put it over like the mantle
and it'd be kind of like the painting in
the Simpsons we she needed to canvass
and you should paint that sailboat and
we'll put it in the living room this is
just confusing for kids is a pig is it
turtle so I decided that I'm gonna
actually try to paint this little thing
which is gonna be pretty interesting
this is what I'm talking about
all right so we need canvas oh this
might actually perfect actually cuz Odie
framed two right here so you can make
two siblings luckily this is very simple
in color we need blue red and white
yep so we don't have serious radio we're
gonna start it off at and my sister does
so I went to Melissa's house she's gonna
love you use your car it's weird being
bad right now we're gonna see Harrison
Justin Bieber is the latest cover boy
for Calvin Klein anywhere well the stock
market this week was happened you know
something that I definitely predicted
back to the number one song this week
one year ago the Taylor Swift blank
space
you guys well hey Jeff Jeff Feltman
how's it go I know you're just as
annoyed Archer you not even noticed
about this family
the dogs are very dramatic very dramatic
I don't want to sit here and listen to
these horrible songs I don't want to
wait any longer
that's kind of cool
ty is really bummed right now he's don't
take say the car is not moving left I
think I thought we were going on jump
car ride oh you're mad at me no we're
breaking up just love yourself we were
waiting for quite a while for the song
to play but apparently what happened was
how did a different time from what they
were telling all of us they played it at
1017 in the morning and 11:30 and 2:45
p.m. and that's it
well was on the radio so that's freaking
amazing so for anybody that actually
heard it let us know what do you think
guys trevally dire hair brown take that
thing off your head I wanna show what it
looks like I wanna look like a bad hand
though good luck just freaked you out
let's pick your color dye
and there's Phil playing Streets of Rage
over there I'm walking it turns out they
actually played the song earlier than
our management told us that they would
actually play it so we were still on the
radio but unfortunately I didn't got a
camera hopefully you guys might want to
drive around you might be able to hear
it we got so excited after every single
song that played really oh my gosh here
comes here comes and it didn't come so
all of us had this really excited
reaction and then completely lit up our
band was still on the radio just gonna
get it on camera it's always like that
can't always get everything on camera
they play at 10:17 12:45 2:30 and then
like 4:00 or something so play to flick
four times or is that five times every
single one so our manager sent this over
to prove that they actually played it
and it looks like they played it like
four times I just want to say thank you
so much for watching today's video and
even though I wasn't able to actually
film the song on the radio like you know
for the vlog just knowing the fact that
it's on there is such an amazing feeling
and I cannot wait to see you guys on
tour we have Australia New Zealand
coming up and then we have two United
States toward one is the secret and I
can't wait to tell you guys about that
so don't forget to subscribe because
we're gonna be traveling a lot soon bye
guys
