sure color oh by the way guys they
completed it told you guys they didn't
have it all done for Marley it's
freezing I was like 50 degrees but yeah
this morning as you guys saw the
beginning of the video they came out
like six or seven in the morning which
is insane and they fixed it it looks
amazing I'm so happy about it Ellie's
having fun day now come on I'm gonna get
her to feel like a stampede like him to
my aunt you mangy did he go crazy I
don't know it's crazier you look really
cute right now so I'm just gonna sit
here and stare are you can stare back
just like no I'm embarrassed you put the
stupid outfit on me only you could pull
off an outfit like that you're part
Scottish part animal you know for
sitting there like this for so long i'm
gonna go ahead and give you a treat you
kind of deserve it right yeah all right
let's go we will get a treat let's go
come on come on let's go all right I
know Trevor allow you showed you this
and I know we showed it to you last
night but it looks really cool kind of
startled me this morning though when I
got up I was like is it really crappy
out is it really raining out is it still
night time
and it's just that usually in the
morning all of this like sunlight that
you're seeing right now on my face
usually goes right into those windows or
right into those doors and it didn't do
that this morning so it kind of
surprised me but this is basically what
it's looking like and I don't think
we're going to screen it in or put any
glass on it y X we kind of like the idea
of having it open so you still have like
this breeze that goes through and we
really like the outcome I'm really happy
I'm like yeah I kind of suck with plants
I get that everybody knows that I tend
to kill everything that's living but I
was really worried that they were gonna
have to cut this down and I really like
this palm tree that we have and
thankfully they didn't have to do that
they had to trim off obviously some
pieces but nothing too crazy so I'm very
very happy
it's about time Jesus I had to keep the
computer is this your juicer that's mine
no I when I got for you that's mine only
kidding you know I'm only joking camera
beauty icon I'm gonna put the camera
beeps back on what are you waiting for
Oh only took you 20 minutes out of the
house I had that I wanted to take a
photo behind the house before it got
dark again and show your future children
yeah I wanted to show the future
children the building of our thing okay
you know what no cookie lookout cute if
you guys didn't see yesterday's video
this happened
yeah I got some high rollers over there
in the back seat when their jackets
actually look how cute you look so cute
cousin of the song sick I'm busy she's
getting chunky she's not chunky no this
fat come on help no you don't ever say
that saris are we the kings just
released a brand new song today
if you guys haven't got it the lease on
your description so make sure to get
that song now guys and I was just told
that it's gonna be playing on the radio
all over the place if you hear it
snapchat us and Instagram us and send it
to us on Twitter we love it to us sing
it to us actually is a good idea well
you know I've been telling quite the
memorable place slee with that
but at least under the description guys
moving on they're matching today I was
trying not to step in today all right
kuya nope wrong way wrong way wrong way
totally wrong way
get right there right there right there
do the hair off you go
such a weird dog crying so funny
I feel like freaking Tom Sawyer right
now a trick to whitewash door screw your
heart swing no joke guys this is like a
bug graveyard to Heyman it's a little
bug I'm gonna die your haven I don't
know if you guys can see that I'm gonna
stay in utility that is so nasty oh I
enact only a couple months really okay
that's kind of frightening only a couple
months old painted painted painted
painted continuing finishing painting
painted lots of pigs go on you guys
can't figure that one out well what did
your looks great try actually repainted
this and I know you guys can't really
tell and it kind of seems silly but I
feel like these little details we're
gonna make such a huge difference look
at you you got paint on your pants on
your butt did the entire door knob for
Heather Devils huh so the dog there it
turns but it doesn't have anything to
turn char wants to get on the market so
still there but surely just doing those
little touch-ups making it just like a
little bit you know like poppier his ass
is already beautiful and like I said it
was started painting so beautiful we
just little little minor details Hey
yeah a little paint on the lip yes they
were freshly painted now they're freshly
painted the doorknobs go like this with
this part going in first so it's like
that this goes in and locks itself so
how that works yep we're learning a lot
today guys good I would probably wait I
had to say the floor looks great if that
killed it isn't it I know but it's like
crazy i was just thinking about a
hell-like dramatically
my idea on certain things on what's
important and what's like exciting has
changed so much in the past like five to
eight years I think what's great is that
for me that is all documented so they
could see me being a mature goofball now
they see me goofball ya do ya I growing
up
oh my god oh my god I think I got it
signing the nipple he is a little tickle
on earth wrote little big so we're going
to the we're going to the same starbucks
i used to go all the time to where we
get coffee and cookies and we're gonna
see if they remember Zoe gnarly valley
would you like a salty ok malta you know
what I'm gonna let you try before absent
and then you're gonna go well Ali I
stand corrected thank you very much
she's wait what is it oh thank you Oh
got it only know every time the one that
go to this is how Ali and I like to
freaking celebrate friday night try to
talk like that capital ferris bueller
leaving a hanging all right side you get
what give me a high five it's a high
five no I'm gonna go demon
I know exactly what I want a little Tiki
man or an owl solar home what do those
do just fake a fire pit so you're still
freezing you warm do you think actually
happens quite a lot we people have that
or know somebody who has that be honest
no one's gonna make fun of you maybe
just a little bit well I still am in
love with having like a christmas-light
ideas still outside oh we may just do
that I don't know if we're going to
answer specifically because we spend
like so much money and time trying to
yeah I agree I agree but we're having
ideas like maybe doing some lanterns or
something far out the thing we find out
what we could put in those beginnings we
put these around yeah we're thinking
about doing something like that but you
know we're just spitting out ideas we're
not really sure I have some good ideas
sometimes back when humans were like you
know cavemen trying to find their own
food not even cavemen just before like
grocery stores you know you'd have to
forage for young food you're nuts your
berries you know the stereotypical
things now in modern times foraging for
food is driving around finding a
restaurant ok Bob
every like thousands one
I am in your hair
got to go to the locals rolls are
delicious piece of pizza people we need
your dopey
I drop my spiritual hope you guys enjoy
today's video I want to edit right now
because the battery's about to die if
you don't believe me look you see the
battery's dying alright that's almost
dead so I'm gonna say it right now I'll
see you guys tomorrow have a great night
right pace mama I thought it where it is
dude move close to her down
ok
that was not very elegant at all go
