how could I just get up there cuz you're
being a little baby about it hey Zoey
you throw up good morning internet
moment of truth are we at I'm 7.4 97.4
so you're below the normal now yeah this
is making sense how you below the normal
so I know I'm gonna get yelled at a lot
by miss you guys but um I do have a few
errands that i have to go run today I'm
not gonna do much i'm just going to do a
few little things feel crappy but i
don't feel as bad as i felt i'm
definitely tired another fever anymore
which is a pause but i'm just gonna run
a few errands for miss in chardon to get
them so that I don't get anybody else
sick a little bit fresher with myself
because I always tell char how Tuesdays
are definitely the best days of the week
and yesterday being Tuesday I woke up
and I was very sick so tuesday
disappointed me yesterday so we're gonna
donate char's closed today and then
we're also going to donate some onions
dog toys to one of the local shelters
around here even though i feel like poop
i'm really excited that we're we're
going to do something good today
remember the other day I went through my
entire closet and got a bunch of clothes
I don't wear go take that to the
donation and then are you brushing your
hair and we have a bunch of dog toys
that pretty much not been used by the
dogs and they have you know buckets of
them so we figured it might be smarter
and I other cleaning our street so our a
TD I've never seen them do this
anyway we're gonna donate those to a
bunch of shelters clean that side of
three is like believes you like all the
leaves yeah I think it looks really
pretty I think it's kind of cool i like
at one side is completely clean one size
would think that it would do like that
whole side not just the curb
I
close
chari is actually going into friend of
strays or an hour just to make sure that
they're okay with us getting them these
dog twice just because we don't want to
give them something if they can't
utilize it looks like they're okay with
it let me pop hang on it's so funny
because there's so much hair of marley's
I see specifically cuz she liked to play
nose and everything but the choice small
duffle president and effectively
absorber I like really love these little
puppy prints right here glad that they
didn't have like dogs like completely
barking everywhere otherwise we were
been coming home with a fourth time oh
my one of my friends actually she is I
don't know if it was her dog or I think
maybe her friends dog just had those
like French bulldogs this little ones
like the cute little pointy ears um is
there trying to find home for the
puppies don't even think about it I'm
not going to weird here three dogs
that's too many po boy you do me a favor
and openness and can you get me whatever
the dosages okay with my paddles what
the crap all right I love you
oh really he's such an asshole she's no
remorse for she does here's the thing
it's still january no it's februari and
it's how what is the temperature right
now it feels so hot right now
what is it 81 degrees Fahrenheit it's 81
hot let's go on a little montage with
diesel as he tries to find a lizard
and meanwhile
look at my orchid it's alive and it's
blooming and it looks so pretty it is a
little lopsided let me fix him yes
looking pretty shabby I love it I'm very
happy about that plan this one I'm
working on it's not doing that good I
think I'm worried about getting back
down you got out there before getting
down was terrifying what you're doing
the grass calling the grass with your
class you're not gonna fall into the
grass wondering what if we just use you
got up on the last step which I don't
think earn it are you supposed to let's
sing move your legs danger do not okay
so probably shouldn't stand on that how
would I just get up there cuz you're
being a little baby about it oh look
that works to the wind alright yeah
who's here my mom brought over this
latter because this is not really gonna
work but that's definitely gonna work a
lot better this is bakery a lot safer
this is where you won't see me that I
don't know I'm laughing but it's kind of
the truth find out marbar i don't think
i ever sees your to an unscheduled
forward i guess so gentleman hand you
that when you get up there okay
oh that works all right this is a major
butt shot sorry internet booty booty
booty booty rockin everywhere
got me
you're safe
well just don't trip kind of forget how
big of a klutz you are sometimes time to
clean the freaking roof so I decided to
navigate towards ground because we
getting really tired I just got to make
sure he doesn't pull up the loop Zoe
just freaked us out because Joy's choose
them sticks I guess she's followed of
peace that was a little too big for her
and I feel like I just had to do
basically the puppy howdy Heimlich
maneuver on her I am laying right down
here you don't throw any lease please
Rory please let me please haha you're
such a dick I'm just making sure you're
okay he was doing jocker you were my
boyfriend is such a long way
we'll just sweeper out there's like a
meal look at all that you have that area
you have that area and you decide to
sweep right here
hit my mark what you got there don't
fall please
ah crap no that's your job
what has been driving me crazy for the
past few days ever since those big
storms came through I'm probably not
necessary but it's just like an OCD
thing I have do you think if I ran
really fast I can make it to that roof
actually I don't think so it looked
closer than I thought it was you know
this kind of reminds me of remember when
Ben and I were in New York City for
halloween and they left the window open
the window is usually a latched shut
here in like new york city no matter
where you're at I opened it completely
opened up right and we got right out of
scaffoldings on the 50th floor of that
skyscraper which one looks like you go
over that I went over but you can go
under
oh my god was worth it
oh yeah scary and worth it they're gonna
jump
another been nice and safe nice and safe
like a monkey no well thank God for
flashbacks doofus McGee just threw down
the broom and broke it in half Bravo I
shall let you stay up there for doing
that he's using the laser pointer oh
poor zouk she prances so much it's
really cute you ready be very careful
it's gonna be an awesome awesome angle
look at that booty look at that booty
shake it shake that booty look at that
booty oh you got a booty you're fighting
always picking fights
she's a grade-a bitch right Dave I was
in college I was a protection as I used
to run her back and forth at three in
the morning with this she's so cute cuz
she pounces on it Oh access am way too
can use live she look cute I feel like
either this is their favorite thing or a
broker I do one more I'm sorry this is
funny nuts show me to help you Russell
yay thank you mama so she does this with
the second I put my foot on my foot back
on my foot she won't touch it
hope you guys enjoyed today's video I'm
gonna go my galley going bed rest right
now we'll see you guys tomorrow as
always don't forget to subscribe bad
guys
the Safety's on
so if you follow me on instagram you got
so i already know this but Friday this
Friday we
