socks I don't notice came from the flu
sucks good morning guys so we have some
bad news Ali got struck by the flu she's
been working so hard I think your immune
system has kind of gone down for a
little bit so she's gonna be getting
some sleep and who's this someone's
calling me oh it's travis that's another
good news to actually hold on and the
bad news is look at this so we have that
bad news Valley feeling really terrible
but we had the good news that she's
actually going to be coming to Australia
with us for a couple of the shows i
think so i got a book that flight right
now because it's actually gonna be on
her birthday so she's kind of like my
birthday gift for you know Australia
she's never actually gotten stressed r
alia and it's like one of her like one
places that she's actually wanted to go
so I figured since we're already going
to be over there I don't know why I'm
vlogging out here in the sun that we
this would just make the most sense I
think she's gonna fly out with Kinsley
and Jenny and that way they can hang out
and fly the whole time you feeling any
better why no you Sydney you're relaxing
Internet's like they'll be pissed off if
you start doing something right now you
this is like a million and one mother's
right now making sure you sit diesels
making me look like a wiener tidy little
wiener you got a big weiner so weird now
he's gonna try to go on top of Ali watch
this this is always kind of funny to
watch trying to play up for the yeah
I'll go right here you make sure she
feels better that's your job but socks I
don't know what's came from
the flurries sucks it is like right
after we got done with a blog yesterday
where's the thermometer don't worry guys
it's not dengue I think your temperature
is gonna be 99.5 he turned it off I
think about two hours later I finally
got everything mapped out for Ali's
flight to Australia her and Jenny are
gonna fly out together and meet Travis
and I and then we're gonna kind of like
hang out australia for like five or six
days and then i'm gonna fly home she's
gonna fly home but i'm gonna stop over
in LA and I would shoot something a
little special special little project
i'm gonna shoot in LA and then I'm gonna
get a red-eye home it's gonna be a long
freaking traveling time for me but it's
gonna be worth it what is that get some
kind easels on top of you too 100.9 not
too bad I'm gonna go wrong really yeah
well then you gonna stay away from me
I'm gonna stay over here washing my
hands every five minutes I can think of
I'm gonna go for a run diesel you
protect no you're not going you pee on
everything do you understand
Oh
okay that's much easier than blogging
and running do that more often yeah I
don't know if you guys can hear that but
ever since we moved in I've heard a
faint faint ringing of an ice cream
truck I've yet to find it one of these
days ice cream truck will be mine you
know those popsicles are red white and
blue taste amazing so I just got back
from running some errands with Melissa
and I'm coming home as a little pit stop
exactly Marley it's like we finish our
own okay I wasn't gonna say that but
that works what do you want for dinners
gonna make you grilled cheese no grilled
cheese and soup oh no what do you want
you want to sleep okay all right I'm
gonna get some food okay anything for
the order some soup and mashed potatoes
got it okay got it okay got it ah get it
groundhog day she's got hugged a cheesy
jokes we're gonna watch that tonight I'm
on a mission right now make sure Ellie
gets better fast I was gonna take a taxi
just go to you know publix what I
figured this is more fun anyway so yeah
screw it I know some people have been
asking in the comments what I'm actually
able to drive again and the short answer
is hopefully soon faced the long answer
is hopefully when no more seizures I
think you have to have a couple months
and then you're able to actually drive
again that's kind of the game plan and
that's why I keep driving a golf cart
actually it's more fun to drive the
Hofburg truthfully I haven't driven a
car
I drove his car in the mountains that I
was driving it like this that was
actually the last time I actually drove
a car on the street I actually don't
even remember I think we've got that new
car like a couple years ago and I don't
think I've actually ever driven it I
think I drove it may one time and that
was it kind of sucks actually thinking
about that but you know like do with
what you got and you know that's why I
got this golf cart it's awesome I have
to pick up some of my medication and I
figured this might be the best time to
get something for Adly they said tylenol
would actually just worked if her flu
like said flu-like symptoms all right
I'll make sure you get her the aisle
sickness
the Safety's on
so if you follow me on instagram you
guys probably already know this but
Friday this Friday we the keys will be
releasing a brand new song do you guys
remember I guess a few weeks ago when I
went over to trash and recorded some
stuff the song is actually coming out
this Friday I'm gonna play you guys a
little snippet
take good plan hold on maybe it won't
play all right here
this is my rock face
so ya see those dogs right there that
was that one dog that worried Oliver
that's Oliver that was all over right
there with his family
Oh Oliver get river Oliver if not he was
a dog that was like running around in
the neighborhood and then I kind of
rescued for a little bit Oliver say hi
read this rescue love it peace he was
running around the neighborhood so we
got a call on his home right Oliver
Oliver right there I was actually gonna
ask you guys that do you guys like it
when I do those little flash cuts to
like memory lane like that I feel like
it's really good because I have a
terrible memory and it's kind of nice to
do like nostalgia like that guys like it
I'm gonna keep doing it hopefully you
like it thank you dr. Charles Trippy I
felt so good yesterday and then as the
day progressed I started feeling pretty
shitty it's like right after dinner and
I thought maybe that I had food
poisoning which kind of freaked me out
turns out I have the flu my temperature
is at like 10 10 it's like weird cuz I
haven't had the flu in such a long time
like I've had colds here and there and
then there's some days like after travel
I feel like under the weather but it's
more like I think being tired last night
I just I struck a fever I gotta show you
guys so because char can't get sick
right now we have made this like giant
bed for him in the dogs on the ground
yeah died it looks like a crazy mess
anybody was like tackling yeah thank you
for anybody I don't even like to take
down see that's how you know i'm not
feeling good i am not a person who likes
to take anything over the counter it's
just kind of something that i I've been
like my entire life I just don't like to
take like anything over the counter and
do what you got to do what is that more
anti seizure pills they cost me like
scooter boy I can yay health and thank
you Danny for giving me that idea of
doing the jogging thanks i told him i
was rocked not trying to jog and vlog at
the same time he's like dude just do a
montage okay i leave you pick of these
boom my own sister take 419 for these
yeah yeah because typically they give
you like motrin 800 tablets every six
hours do not go over six tablets in 24
hours Alistair
goodbye a doctor and I like to say I'm a
doctor but I'm not you're getting too
right now and then we'll take two a
couple more hours but you still feel
like poop she's just been laying with me
gonna be in my shadow you're keeping me
safe real we look what is that I don't
have to make sure that I approve well
guys I'm putting the patient into bed so
I will see us tomorrow hope you enjoyed
today's video bye guys doesn't taste
good with broccoli the soup I can't make
soup
