Oh what am I thinking neighbors to us so
today is the day that we get our little
extending roof I kind of briefly told
you guys yesterday don't worry we're not
building this we got some GoPros to make
it seem like it gets done in like three
seconds well yeah this is the before and
we'll come back at the after
we said big and exciting things are
happening today at the house for getting
that cool little back porch that we
decided upon in the backyard and you
guys helped us out picked out the pavers
with us which is kind of cool so I'm
excited to see it all down there doing
the payment today right I lied so you're
not gonna see the pavers right now
Marley peed right on diesel Center right
there yeah figure that out Internet
you
Alley was cleaning the window and she
noticed that there's still egg on the
freakin window if you guys have no idea
what I'm talking about this happened I
guess a couple weeks ago yep and there's
still egg
how about grease whatever that means
oh so stay where that we live in is a
little frustrating at times because
there's house next to us that's getting
this done there's a house behind us
that's getting work done and then we're
getting this put in today basically what
happened is somehow we got the city call
on us they can't do the work today which
some really weird situation that's kind
of a job and it's very very silly but
unfortunately this does happen it
Charles is a little frustrated because
we can't get it done today we can't get
the briefs put in I guess people are
getting frustrated because it's right by
school just having the cars in the
streets they're just not happy with it
what was a good day for me and for
char's and seeming like it's gonna be
the best day he's looks just a little
angry but we're gonna make it a good day
anyways so right now as you can see that
what they have to do is all of this they
loaded I think they're gonna leave a lot
of the paneling out here but a lot of
what they brought in they had to take
out just feel so bad it's so silly we're
not harming anybody it was only gonna
take about three hours and already
they're kind of being jerks about it I'm
just kind of frustrated that neighbors
would do something like that you're
getting but yeah what else we have to do
my viewers know let's leave it alone you
know like as we grow older and I know
that so many people that are like in
their twenties in their 30s are kind of
dealing with this especially if they're
first-time homebuyers and they're you
know adding additions to their house or
they're adding anything to their house
you know there's you know coding and
things of that sort or on doing anything
wrong no in fact we did everything right
yeah the timing isn't scheduled properly
because this morning and they're like
hey we got something that just opened up
mind if we come over today
and do it and we're like yeah absolutely
we thought it's gonna be four weeks
until the next time that they were open
so just because we did not have this
scheduled correctly kind of bit us in
the ass yeah and it's like a freaking
like upsy-daisy
it literally takes like less than three
hours to put up that's what you're told
it takes like three hours so in and out
like if they didn't go to break and I
had it done but yeah I would have been
done what they had was right thank you
happy / and you're in the house char Oh
glad did you get it everywhere how do
you step he always steps in poop
I was being a tad grumpy so you guys
know anything el with me today oh my god
I got so freaked out
oh good so freaked out sorry okay so
right there
first time reason when I first got in
and I was looking at the camera I
thought that was a person oh I watch too
many scary movies
i watch way too many scary movies I
think I'm lost
yep definitely lost I have to mail up
this package and I wanted to see if I
can find it myself without any map and
let's just say Charles needs a map
alright so I have one thing knocked off
the checklist just realize how happy
this bag is and how difficult it is hold
the camera in the back he'll take time
wait a minute I think I spoke too soon
without it I could shoot this thing out
you try to find a way back we the Kings
is actually going on tour super soon
actually there I think they leave for
New Zealand and they're gonna be in
Australia and I think they leave in the
next like two weeks char is also working
on another project with someone very
close and near dear to his heart so
that's kind of cool that's coming up he
asked me if I wanted to go to Australia
for my birthday
which I you know I'd be crazy not to say
yes right I don't know if right now it's
a good time for me to go but that's kind
of in the works we're trying to figure
that out because it's not a huge
birthday that I am turning 29 so it's
the last year of my 20s which is
scary as hell would love to go to
Australia and knock that off my bucket
list but we'll see we'll see it might
happen but I have a lot of like really
cool stuff planned for myself this year
and charms a lot of amazing things that
are playing for himself this year and I
know that we're both looking forward to
kind of making this one of the best
years yet you know last year was kind of
an adjustment and it was just getting
used to being at home and I think that
that was this big thing was you know
being at home because he's so used to
constantly being on the road now he's
going back on the road so I just I'm
really looking forward to everything
that this year has to offer somehow
I feel like I'm good at directions but
sucked at at the same time
if you come back the same thing that's a
thing mailed out that's a good thing
I've been completely honest with you
guys I've been having a rough day he's
been just kind of a really annoying
frustrating day like I get one thing
done and then something else happens and
it goes wrong I guess you could say it's
been a very very frustrating
just trying to get things done but the
positive which you always have to look
at it is that it's getting done okay so
I know you guys have been asking for us
to do a question and answer but I kind
of wanted to just vent and just talk for
a little bit first thing I wanted to say
is let's just talk about the elephant in
the room comments on the videos lately
because let's face it anyone on YouTube
who makes a video even though they say
they don't read comments reads the
comments and you know I've been seeing
comments you know like I miss the old
logs you suck these stuff they used to
be so much better
and as much as those really hurt my
feelings that really hurt Who I am and
the amount of time that I put in these
videos I'm trying to figure out a reason
why certain people feel this way I just
want to make things better I just want
to move forward
I just want to progress with you guys
because we've all built this together
and I feel like when I read these
comments I just I don't know what to do
because I want to first you know there's
our first initial reaction of you get
really pissed off and get angry but the
second thing I want to do is I just kind
of want to understand why some people
you know feel this way because I mean
let's face it you're still watching the
videos which I am extremely happy
because we've gone through a lot of
things together you know ups and downs I
always say ups and downs like a roller
coaster bottom line is we've really gone
through a lot of things to go through
those things as a family I understand
some frustration with you know the
changes that have happened in the videos
we try to make these videos the most
entertaining and most fun for anyone
watching to watch and there's a lot of
pressure that I put on myself and Ali
puts on herself
I think it's unnecessary pressure
because the whole idea of the daily blog
is to live your life and just put it
online I think it's something that I've
really kind of done to myself because
I've always wanted to try to one-up the
next day and I think it's gotten to a
point to where I get extremely stressed
that kid like really really hard on
myself if I don't feel like I'm doing
something to the quality of what I want
for a daily video so my job on
Internet as you guys already know is I'm
a youtuber full time I'm a content
creator for YouTube for you guys and the
way I have chosen to do that is I'm a
daily vlogger which means that I have to
be the content creator and also live a
life to where I feel it's entertaining
enough for you guys and I feel like if I
read these comments and then some people
are saying they used to be better before
and I'm trying to figure out honestly
what does that mean like before what and
what can I do to make them that way
again because I personally can't
apologize for my life and the decisions
I made in my life because whether or not
I make these videos and put them online
the end of the line is that it's still
this is my life that I'm living I'm
choosing to put these online and to
share these with the Internet and
there's not another thing in this world
that I would ever rather be doing it
becomes this internal battle I think
that I have all these problems with is
that I'm really tough on myself because
I want to make sure you guys are
entertained but I also have to make sure
I'm living my life to where I'm not
stressing myself out making myself
depressed I think it's just like an
all-out battle and I think that's the
whole point of what I'm trying to say
and try to talk to you guys well as I'm
trying to figure out the meaning behind
some of these words that some people
type and I know some of them are just
like typing things it's because they
type things
but for those people will generally feel
that way I'm just trying to figure out
why they feel that way and when they
felt that way and what I could do to
make everyone kind of become a giant
family again we've gone through a lot of
shit together and I feel it's kind of
dumb at this point to kind of give up on
everything you know three years to start
you know hating on each other to start
bashing on each other I just want to
take these negative comments and kind of
learn from them and better myself
not only as a human but you know my own
life but as far as life online with you
guys like I'm not gonna change my life
the life I live is
life I'm not gonna change it for anyone
I mean I don't care what anyone says
just as far as the videos I want to make
sure you guys are happy as far as
watching the videos because that you
guys have put me in the situation to
where I'm at you guys have given me my
dream job
this isn't me turn on the camera just a
serve batch in the session you know
against people who do bad comments on
YouTube because I'd be talking to my
face is completely blue because it's
impossible to like stop that stuff and I
realize that this is just me venting a
little bit more so I'm not venting like
looking at a wall you know this is me
talking to you guys because I feel this
is something that's important because
this is my life and you know in the past
year it's been amazing because there's
been a lot more calm I would admit in
the last couple years because we haven't
been touring a lot we have been able to
stay at home spend time with family I
guess
whether or not I like to admit this on
camera or not I don't ever really admit
it to myself I still have a brain tumor
technically I saw brain cancer and this
year has been a year that I've been able
to like focus on that a little bit more
spend time with family and just kind of
make sure that myself
Charles is a person you know gets
healthy and and strong and I mean I
don't want to keep talking about this
you know I just wanted to use this as a
way of figuring out what's going on with
you guys cuz I want to learn from you
just like you guys were all learned from
me I want to make this a growing year
for not only me but the entire internet
because you know there's there's always
gonna be negativity on the internet and
that's I think the saddest thing about
YouTube specifically in the internet in
general is that negativity in the
anonymous way of spreading hate because
we're all in this brand-new growing
medium we should all be on the same team
growing it together versus fighting and
say negative nasty things to each other
not just to me this everyone spaced out
you know everyone's and zeros I don't
want to keep talking about it I just
it was just like my little vent and I
just wanted to just kind of tell you
what I was thinking kind of hard for me
to talk about but kind of wanted to talk
laughing I thank you guys for listening
to me ramble for a little bit yeah that
charge so think over you guys sticking
around and supporting and like enjoying
the life that he lives and for allowing
me to live that life with him we just
want to always make you guys feel like
you have a place that you can come to
and you can be happy and you can be
joyous we want you to always want to be
here with us we love you guys I love you
he loved you
I got a mutated M&M actually I got it I
just gave it to him look at that that's
incredibly that's the worst I've ever
seen an M&M yeah a refund we're gonna go
to dinner and feed the dogs and then
chill out
tomorrow it's Tuesdays Tuesdays are the
raddest day of the week and the
battery's about the diet so we'll see
you guys tomorrow
have a great night oh yeah fine I'm
gonna get you a stool for that one there
bud 30 cases you get away from
until you got a boyfriend grab the
cradle so he has a buddy
it's the only way to do anything
they bring down a big dog
