good morning Internet so Ali just
pointed out we got to clean up a roof
right now but we're gonna put a little
timeout and pause break on that it's not
golfing its top golfing I don't know we
always have the worst problems with our
grass any grass experts out there
you guys remember that car show we went
to a couple months ago we saw these
things that were in pre-production and
we were like we should totally get one
of these this is the first time I've
ever seen one actually on the road see
if we can see it right there they're so
weird but I want one so bad now it's
imagine you could be driving her out of
that thing how much cooler would it be
you guys remember when I was talking on
the blog there was a bridge in Florida
they kept building but they kept
building on limestone so every time they
did build it it would sink and fall
we're driving on that bridge so you're
going under so that's the bridge what
they would do is they kept building it
and it would kept sinking and kind of
collapsing itself this bridge talked
Kylie took my entire childhood that
they're all pretty doesn't think about
I'm sorry I'll by the way we're gonna go
play some golf her some skee-ball golf I
forgot to set the alarm for the house so
I did it remotely it dogs freaked out I
had to see what happens when I did it I
faked them out just sat down after
waiting 45 minutes at the restaurant we
were starving and precut a text message
saying our Bay for the golfing is now
open so we have to race luckily it's
maybe about a half a mile there's a
little bit of red lines here on the map
so hopefully I'm gonna make it we're
gonna make it we're gonna be hitting
some balls so you need to get into
Thunderbird 4 Thunderbird Oh thunder
kugel thunder cougar Falkenburg we need
get no one of these thunder suit the kit
it's hard to say thunder cougar from a
bird it's a fast own thunder keep your
Falkenburg getting one of these thunder
cougar Firebirds burn you know what you
need sorry you know you need a thunder
cougar Falcon bird
so Halle ran down here by the way Dan is
in the show for a little bit I think
it's actually gonna bring buddy we got
literally in thick the worst Bay that we
possibly could ever have the bottom left
the wall I have a feeling I'm gonna do
so bad
three goals don't hit me don't hit that
don't hit the GoPro all right I'm back
I'm back there we go
yeah be yellow so we kept ricocheting
off the wall and when you told him that
and it sort of laughing and move this
over so we got a little bit better of a
spot
that should be like triple points right
there
hope you've ever happened when we coming
here I'm gonna give you four points for
that one
26 and I'm at 50 you doing pretty damn
good actually your second step that's
zero this is like much higher well is
that that one right there they become
double
you never use that Club
beautiful bed well I'm not the greatest
golfer so you're working because I am
Wow done good yep guys like had done
good
anyway drain their little beautiful
beautiful
come on
get the guy I don't give you 100 points
you'll win the game good unites of a
person
unintentionally go for the guy
go-go-go-go
such an ass
you actually did it dad I got you like
no no I don't want to do it then you
absolutely do it
my power
I'd have been so mad oh and that's
exactly what you're trying to do I see
what you're doing
go for it go for it go for it I think
I've never said this last time but it
always reminds me of Pete and Pete a TV
show you guys have never seen Pete Pete
it's amazing it's amazing kid shows on
Nickelodeon in the early 90s
you got the other ball
oops I can't exactly
she's gonna accidentally hit him again
you get it all cleaned up you can see
where they go right through it and then
immediately semester sick vacuuming with
dogs now
this doesn't work
so lookie lookie who has come in to ruin
my perfect course for their own
identities I'm Daniel I'm here to make
you guys look better
I will say baby man just try not to hit
it well you didn't hit the camera so
that's the good part we're good on this
I don't know if you guys remember last
time Danny and I went to the driving
range I had a GoPro in a case and I hit
it with a ball and it shattered into a
million pieces
you gonna be doing Harley
a negro
but it's like mouthing I mean Danny who
anybody was just kissing this little
voice right over here
my boy
so that last round Ally completely
demolished me I had like 15 it was weird
because I got like 15 you got like 90 it
was like completely my winnings to there
well that's because you guys could make
me try to hit the guy no that's crap
all the dogs hanging out in the bathroom
yeah it's gonna stink in a second so you
might not want to be in there so Danny
can bring buddy cuz he wants him to meet
Zoey Marley and diesel and he's a
terrier like you so he's a spaz yeah
gonna get you a stool for that one there
bud so he can't seem to get away from
him so he got a boyfriend grabbing the
cradle Zoey has a buddy it's the only
way to do anything I bring down a big
dog trying to sleep over here
what'd you do there good thing you have
a vacuum down there well I do you enjoy
bunny have fun I will see you guys
tomorrow don't forget to subscribe bye
guys
