ah good morning so Ali and Devin Devin
is going right are going to leaving a
whole month so I'm gonna go hang out of
here they're going to gasparilla and
it's just giant like fairs a crazy fair
that happens in st. Petersburg / kappa
it's like a party I think it's like that
st. Pete version of masquerade like
write a masquerade freight fair mardi
gras mardi gras that's what i was
looking anyway i'm not going because
when i was working at the movie theater
a few years ago in college I used to
have to deal with this all the time and
I have this personal hatred for it so I
feel like it'd be smarter if I didn't go
so Ali's gonna go and take you guys im a
banding Ali she's gonna she's going to
take you on this crazy adventure that is
the gasparilla fair and good luck I just
can't handle it because I dealt with it
for so many years and she's got the
fuzzy thing so you guys will be able to
hear hey look it's devan founder and
we're at gasparilla and it is
event in st. Petersburg every single
year crazy pirates everywhere girls half
naked life is good st. Petersburg today
everybody walk the more we're
discovering that we're kind of like on
the opposite and where the parade is
supposed to be it was back over there
but somehow we keep walking further and
further away from each so we think we're
gonna do something pirate and just jump
the fence okay dudes I'm gonna get some
stuff done you're gonna hang out here
and you're gonna make sure nothing
happens since Ali's with all the Pirates
I got my new chauffeur hello my little
sister hey that's why you have a sibling
guys so they can drive you around you
drew be around for many many that's true
and we had an accident at one time I got
in one car accident my entire life and
so many people dust and her up
yep thanks you're welcome I was telling
feel about that yesterday we drove past
that Street Oh Charlie saved Johnson
he's like how and I said well somehow he
was able to stop
median and it was because our car was an
iron tank those are God's Spirit that's
what I don't advise it he drove a doctor
he's like you're kidding it's like
saying i'd i'd drive a dodge stratus
like Google guys a Dodge Spirit is
literally like a tank it's kind of like
a DeLorean where it's just all metal
with blue velour seats did have Laura
yeah oh yeah does that velvet yeah
vellore vela know like the Laura velvet
you like fake velvet yeah I was classy
of the classy 16 year old guys don't get
me started I remember the seat belts to
where they had the automatic seat belt
and then you had to get to strap
yourself in down here you remember that
women automatic well because those is
the gap make you put on like people it's
trapped you in automatically and then if
you weren't paying attention it would
just sing all over you I remember that
yeah a pain in the ass cialis having a
blast hanging out with a bunch of
pirates
the quiet pirate over there quiet
No
Wow
everyone else was doing a lot better
than I am
back
are you getting ready downward dog
diesel so confused
we're discussing at them another hopland
soldering right there the joys of having
multiple dogs or should say just a dog
the thing is Zoey's not so much a
culprit it's just the white hair and the
blonde dog
how does one in your wonder she's
getting everything
today honestly has been one of the
nicest days because i actually have been
able to do really nothing that sounds
kind of weird to say but what i do these
videos i'm always trying to think of
your different ways to make it more
entertaining and you know kind of push
my limits but on days like this when
it's just kind of gloomy out I just like
take a moment and just kind of relax and
just chill and I know my job doesn't
constitute me going you know like the
quote unquote nine-to-five job or a
quote unquote real job but the problem
arises I talked about this before is
that it's not a nine-to-five job doing
vlogs and I would never trade it for the
world with doing vlogs and anything on
YouTube not just myself any other
youtuber essentially a 24-hour job like
for example the first thing I do when I
wake up is upload the vlog that
immediately started grabbing the camera
I started filming through that days vlog
it's kind of you don't really have a day
off what I mean it is mo my favorite
jobs I've ever had my paralyzed but I've
had some pretty bad jobs I've been a
telemarketer I've been a waiter I've
been a busboy I've been a what else
we're done I had done garbage I've done
dishwashing like I've done a lot of
crappy jobs and I've been a
projectionist I told you guys that
earlier this is definitely one of the
nicest jobs ever had but it is also at
the same time the most time consuming
and times of straining jobs other had my
into our life but I would never trade it
for anything maybe a working one of
these would be nice so I guess those
herbs I'm bringing this up is because I
just wanted to say like hel nice it is
today Ali went to gasparilla hang out
with her friends and you know she got
there hang out with the people that she
not going to be a seat for a long time
because something Devin's leaving for a
while and I'm able to just kind of do
nothing that's fri Ali so that is Ellie
so I think we've made it to the end of
gas per
and I
amazing amazing caterpie's sweet again
oh yeah
good
so I'm very happy to be home they are
very happy to have me home gasps really
was fun it's not like my favorite thing
to do because I'm not really into that
kind of thing to happen it's going to be
leaving to go to Australia for about a
month so it was kind of nice to like
hang out with her and hang out my other
friends and just you know kind of an
enjoy a very festive Saturday char went
to publix coming back bringing us some
food so i'm super excited about the ex
i'm so hungry gasparilla is definitely
crazy people dress up as virus do really
weird things plata boobs what a weird a
lot of weirdness happens that gas / 11 I
didn't capture all of that I captured
some of it I probably won't be going
back next year I probably won't be going
back anytime after that it's just not my
thing that's all the beads I got by the
way I'm pretty confident and the amount
of beads I got you know I didn't have to
do anything crazy which I would never do
anything crazy for them but it was
definitely fun definitely fun clean up
tarnish your dinner mmm actually smells
pretty good this has shredded chicken um
Garrett yep you know the dogs especially
Tyson eat better than Ali and myself
combined are you girls want to play come
here so you're completely missing it
right now varley's winning pack dogs she
knows what the sources geez guys I swear
we feed them twice a day and there's all
the food all over the place
just food still all over the place all
over the place Oh diesel you wanna play
pac dogs you're too slow you'd lose
every girl doesn't care you see that
right there then a sheer 100% comfort
awkward comfort comfort yes this chill
you're good don't worry about it anyway
guys before I say good night I just
wanted to remind you that the beanie
blizzard blowout sale we're gonna change
the name though it's gonna be the beanie
blizzard blowout bargain so we can add
another be in there it's still going on
sale if you didn't know L the gray the
black the blue the red all the beanies
are on sale for only ten bucks we
figured it'd be kind of a cool thing to
make sure everyone's brains do not
freeze during all these blizzards in
these free like cold weather like things
going on so make sure about CTFxC merch
calm and you guys can get those until
they sell out all four colors are only
ten bucks so go check them out guys and
have a wonderful night bye guys
Oh
by the guy
I should order it off me so I could sit
and spin
look at
right I saw every car we loaded it went
Oh
