have that bro thank you how about no how
about bro
pound it up high she's out dudes in it
earlier
we're gonna learn trickster hot bad bro
right haha nope
sad pound up high is they ever like
stripped pepper pound it up high
what are you doing what are you doing oh
boy
you're funny she's nobody running all
over the place I'm trying to figure out
how they suppose in the blog right now I
woke up this morning it's been so cold
or not cold but she's a kind of cold
such a word would you get might change
and then the house can't figure out what
the do - it's like upstairs in here it's
65 degrees upstairs is that why you're
digging it up there dude yeah but I just
woke up this morning and I felt like I
was gonna throw up and my head hurts and
I I just I feel like I look horrible
right now how he thinks I might be
getting the flu which I really truly
hope that's not the case
it's hey here's the thing is I can't not
not do something that double negatives
or is that a triple negative what I'm
trying to say is like I can't just rest
I always feel like I have to do stuff I
have to do something otherwise I just
feel lazy not productive but I don't
know so I don't know if you see in that
photo is this Coby going underwater like
I think that's a pool that's like five
or six feet deep I don't know if you
guys ever knew this but Kobe is that he
can swim underwater I just wanted to
show you the oh look at this
that is a flip camera with a waterproof
casing that's how old this is or it
actually shouldn't say old that's just
how much technology and vlogging when I
used to have to use that thing for logs
I just thought that was kind of funny
what you doing there mark my but Charles
is sick today so you guys are gonna hang
out with me have any last words do me a
favor go inside well I'm gonna get you
some soup and some stuff and you're
gonna rest seriously I love you but
right now it's not the best idea be
outside I don't even care turn on the
fire pit you just need to water it on
you know what I mean light it up don't
be a punk all right guys take care of
your dad take care of him do I see you
back there you better take care of them
go over here take care of your dad okay
didn't do it you're gonna take care of
him being that
SiC you guys are going to be hanging out
with me pretty much the entire day today
I have no plan well I take that back we
have a little bit of a plan I'm almost
to my sister's house and we're kind of
like getting a late start in the
afternoon but we are gonna go and grab a
few Christmas gifts because we haven't
got all of our Christmas gifts go figure
my whole plan about trying to get it
finished before the holiday is like way
before obviously it didn't work out but
Kaitlyn and I are gonna go grab my mom's
gifts and some other people's gifts and
it's gonna be really nice to see myself
and just looks right the first thing I
know looks like we have a view if you
hold it like this looks like there's a
mustache right here this person might
killer
better what's up I have a gift I'm
getting for my mom because she's like
one of the most difficult people in the
entire world to shop for because she
doesn't tell you what she wants she's
like I don't need any help
I don't want any give you nothing
nothing so we finally figured out what
we're gonna get her I'm gonna pick that
up today got a few more things I have to
get a gift her the special guest that's
coming at the end of the month still
have to get someone for baby Lila
Christmas as much as I love giving gifts
I just wish people would tell me what
they want it would make it so much
easier well guys guess what all of the
things that I was gonna get my mom were
sold out go figure
so we're gonna just have to come back
but are you guys poinsettia people or
not point set of people
Galen's a point set a person man say
that ten times fast
wait said a person I don't know if I'm a
point set a person I have how much oh as
I've said seventy oh yeah there's four
94-98 one slick 4.98 ones we gotta find
one that's between 498 and 1798 I love
these things kind of such a sucker I'm
such a sucker for succulent
so today has been super unsuccessful I
hate Christmas shopping and I want to
say to get Christmas because I love
Christmas because then I would totally
be contradicting myself from yesterday
but Kalyan has been here with me in the
entire day we found one gift which is
great but I had in mind like three or
four of them three or four different
gifts things are sold out I'm gonna have
to work probably two of them online and
then the other person I'm just like I
had this idea and I don't think I'm
gonna do it anymore for them so I am so
frustrated with Christmas already so
frustrated so have you guys been keeping
your dad company so I'm sure you guys
have noticed that try hasn't been in a
blog so much today he's just coming down
with a cold he's coming down with cold
and he doesn't hit like to admit when he
doesn't feel well so I'm I'm kind of
being a little stirring with him this
time around and making sure that he does
rest up and relaxes because that's not
good it's not good he's always taking
care of me when I'm sick so I want to
make sure that he is not only being
taken care of by me but I also want to
make sure that he is taking care of
himself so he is just resting and these
pups have not left his side have you and
you haven't left those at all either
you were the hoarder of all the toys how
are you doing this is a site that most
people don't get to see but char when he
doesn't feel well he still pushes it
through in the vlogs but I know it gets
a lot of people this is next you know
where this goes right and your bum
can you imagine glad I don't have to do
that to my husband I'm so gross and
twisted but they do have to do that yeah
they do the armpit I want to stick this
in your hairy gross armpit that would be
gross
Charles not feeling good he's like you
breathe honey I don't want you to have
to
I won't you have to cook tonight but he
knows that one of my favorite things
like when I am sick is like homemade
soup or just even just like a homemade
favorites like bread and just like
turkey from the store but I told Charles
I'm gonna make him whatever you want
whatever soon we can feel a little bit
better and believe it or not you know
what he wants if he wants my baked
chicken nuggets someone to try and make
him some chicken nuggets something el
it's just a little hard here so it gives
them because it isn't any much today but
today is all about taking care of
Charles and making sure that he's
feeling better so I love to cook so I'll
take any excuse to cook at this point so
I'm gonna do that right now this is my
trick whenever I do these is that I like
to cook them a little bit before I
actually bake them because it makes them
cook quicker and especially with new
shop that time I think it's like the
perfect thing to do but then I toss them
in a little flour a little bit of like a
milk and egg mixture and then I also do
panko bread crumbs like super light
Kubek because I don't like it to be
super heavy I don't know about you guys
but especially from doing something like
that we'll make sure it's very very very
light then I always love to put either
like any type of like a chili pepper or
something in it my favorite thing
recently that I've been doing is putting
like Creole seasoning so I get like
these like such a good taste really baby
I'm gonna put a red hot chili pepper in
it
char seems to like it where does that
got a little bit of a kick to it so I'm
gonna do this in Toulouse Creole
seasoning and I know I'm probably making
all of you out there I know your mouths
are probably watering right now because
mine is I don't know if you guys knew
that I don't know if it's the greatest
idea but it's gel turns out like really
delicious whenever I cook it on the
stovetop first and then I bake it for a
little bit so I guess like the next
thing you're gonna see is probably
completed delicious chicken tenders and
voila the chickens and those cauliflower
smash
to those that should definitely make you
feel a little better you got some food
on your lip you okay it's just I think
what it is I know it is I just the way
they're going 50 60 70 back to 80 Oh had
this headache and it's driving me nuts
I've seen talent all right every time I
open my eyes and I mouth I feel more
tired I'm eating food watch a funny
movie do a lot of the CBD and stuff calm
me down I don't know I'm really digging
the lights on the back I really want to
try and get it like all the way across
I'd have to go buy more and I really
don't wanna have to buy lights and
unfortunately we don't have any more
light that completely work so I have to
be a little bit selective if I find
something but I know that I can probably
find some Munsell since it's christmas
is almost over because you guys haven't
picked up on it usually when charles is
sick or which house is like out of the
video it's because he's actually not
feeling good so I can't tell he's not
feeling very good yes being a thing that
usually when you're out of the video you
don't really feel that well like it's
like a serious I don't really feel good
just gonna go ahead and write some stuff
down start advocating for that sports so
I really hope you guys enjoyed today's
videos or it was a little bit boring
everybody go ahead in the comment
section no no wish charles betters a
wonderful night thank you so much for
watching
you're brand new please don't forget to
that subscribe button and again I love
you guys thank you so much guys say good
night and night bye
