hello guys I don't want to say good
morning because it'll be complete lie so
hello afternoon internet that doesn't
work out that doesn't work doesn't work
as well that's a work as well good thank
you to the service my name's stay where
i was gonna help you quran day nonfat
cinnamon dolce latte please thank you no
problem thank you I thought that Jeep
was flashing us with his lights I just
realized that's just the Sun the
almighty son that doesn't bother you
that's not even eating my eyes I had to
record it because I thought it was crazy
but when you step to the left there
ain't no for reflection there oh my god
I didn't brush my hair huh I really
didn't brush my hair I'm such a bad
girlfriend he's a bad person no I that's
thinking about this well we kind of
stopped trying what it did I kind of
stopped trying once once I knew I had
you hugged up like this is how the
reality is
that's it i brush my hair I like to wear
workout gear at least I brush my teeth
you do brush your teeth just sometimes I
just you know what I'm doing we're can
worry I don't want to get all dressed up
because I don't have to do you know it
but I make myself look Oh fancy smancy I
got my fashionably ripped jeans I got my
fashionable shirt that you got me I am I
really fashionable hat that we make I
don't know if you guys know what
happened yesterday Phil's poor car
exploded in the wheel regimen well wow
that was a really extreme later all
right just one of those days it's friday
friday i call i give up j wouldn't say
something Friday's give up day all right
Phyllis where you at where you at loser
hang on hang up circling and I have an
important person come on in sir oh let
me hold you back for you oh yeah by two
guys stuck your head duck your head wait
I should order a coffee so I could sip
it and spit it on you guys sure just did
galleys go look guys it's that that coat
hi guys thanks to the ride I tell her
your car wheel exploded it went that's
like the worst way they would expose
your old fart doesn't Ali look like like
she's hiding from somebody right now and
one of those like you're like in the
witness protection yeah I read detector
oh my god you're a private detective oh
my brain is I swear I will push you out
of this vehicle
I push you out of this people all right
this this is what drives me crazy yes I
do Burt okay and I'm not always proud of
it I know what's up of us are you liking
farting in a car with the windows update
here's the best part we're next to a
fast food place so I figured that you
know I'll do that and then when she puts
a windows down it's just gonna smell
like fast food so it's like a lose-lose
situation but to me it's a win-win
what do you want so I just put the order
in to get the roof done so hopefully
they'll be taken care of very soon we're
gonna talk about whether again guys
we're just gonna talk about it because
this is a complete 180 from yesterday
and I love it there's not snow on the
ground there's not an avalanche there's
not a blizzard at least not here i
should say this look it's kk corny
kardashian yeah her Kim yeah kind of
little baby booty welcome to the little
baby booty club I'm actually the
president of the little baby booty club
it's pretty I'm you're so cool little
parklets like right by our house we just
thought we're gonna try and take the
dogs like different areas and start
walking them you know check out st.
Petersburg a little bit more and I used
to actually come out here and run all
the time it's really really pretty so I
decided that you know what I might bring
Charles here everyone's Austin like if
those were the Ducks rescue can give me
a favor not be up there cuz you are the
biggest klutz you guys all think that I
baby him too much I will tell you this i
do because Charles is a klutz after
traveling to what felt like a blizzard
for us and Utah it wasn't merely what
New York and everyone had we decided
since we have some beatings in stock
still we were going to do something
called a beanie blizzard blowout sale so
yeah every single beanie that we have on
sale right now all four colors are on
sale for only 10 bucks right now for
like a pre blizzard so hopefully if we
happening well it's a post loser now but
if another blizzard comes you guys will
be it's a pre/post Blizzard sale buddy
come on right now is kind of like eight
don't freeze your head off type of thing
so make sure to go CTFxC mercom guys we
thought it'd be kind of a fun thing
diesel once walk up there he's gonna be
the one that falls though I know that's
why I remember
come on dude my mom calls from that so
now I call her boo boo gone a boob toob
that's sexy babe great after i just ate
feels so good he looks very proud that
you just have to pick up his poop she
come on head a little bit ly point in
time point but this actually I think
water when Tiny's hi comes over here it
comes up yeah it's so weird that never
gets old here's a little Florida lesson
guys if you ever see these things in
Florida do not chop them down I think
it's a felony I don't know if it's a
felony but it was illegal so all these
people writing and carving in that
technically is illegal I don't know why
wrapped around her nose who so we did
know Miley does head I'm sorry I don't
know why I'm telling you things
makes his needs mother or something so
you gotta stop doing that yes hey buddy
how are you hey Poochie
Zoey that's a horse that's a little
weird in the house with the Rhine out I
might just get a giant thing apple mango
you guys remember that there was a house
that had the entire yard full of
flamingos remember that hey bird Oh guys
really is your head right through there
don't take don't take don't take jump
jump jump jump don't cheat don't chick
dun chick yo check out okay Mandy do you
come out he's like I'm out see you get
off that couch sir Oh God oh gosh okay
nope get down you're gonna get mad so
this is what happens after they get a
bath they're pretty wound up and crazy
and so we have to roll up all of our
carpets and stuff because they're you
know I mean obviously you can only get
him so dry and uh he acts like a lunatic
and he started rolling all over
everything so hang on yours oh she's
gonna do probably the same thing look
over here come here oh you're gonna like
it so stop you're such a weirdo sure
what he's like I just love dry and warm
right don't you run yet
pampered Chris
right ones up like
you okay though she looks so freaky
Dalek I don't really know if I'm perfect
but he's so fun oh it's okay she's like
I'm gonna go hide them through here I'm
about to go for a run and I was trying
to think of like a clever way to have
diesel be seen because whenever I
running with you're worried and I like
carry a flashlight and I do this thing
like we're like walk and I kind of like
swing it back before so that people can
see me but it's kind of annoying
especially when you're running so here's
my dog invention it's called I don't
know what I call that doctor a client
dog break like lame but you know guys it
works well we want a dog brake light you
can get your very own dog brake light
for for easy instalments of 3542 dollars
and fifty-three so just kidding it was
like two bucks what I'm trying to do
right now is because Ali keeps making
fun of me about my closet is I'm gonna
go through it right now and I'm going to
try to find some clothes so I can donate
it hours later we have gotten a little
bit better as organization I can't take
you I can't save you nope can't save you
can't save you right now oh boo boo boo
boo boo weird
weird weird gross time no let's grow
some done all right guys hope you
enjoyed today's video don't forget to
check out the beanie blowout Blizzard
sale I almost messed that up the 3 b's
and we will see you guys tomorrow is
always have a great night honey
well when he sits wait stereo it was the
three he's outside
