possibly the world's worst umbrella
please be careful don't poke yourself
yeah I good morning internet i got my
stress pimple for today i'm calling it
the Cindy Crawford look even though it's
hot over here anyway today we got to
take marley to the viet the viet if i
say it that way they don't know what's
going on see the viet especially the vet
we go to the vet so she knows what that
is but the Viet you don't know what that
is because of her a little abscess in
her arm yep you get to go excited it's
very weird I love talking to you guys
you know why you don't talk back I think
that's why a lot of people actually talk
to their pets because they just one of a
conversation with himself but they don't
want to seem completely crazy so they
talk to their pets and it makes him
slightly less you're so crazy but
slightly less crazy or just gonna camera
and then you're absolutely crazy as hell
doesn't know anything 28 you 28 yeah she
lost a pound that's when the doctor
comes in he'll know that your king it
needs to address you as such how's your
heart is it better okay see ya looks
like it's better am I gonna be the one
the crazy person coming here crying wolf
well there it is it's not better yet you
do whatever you want in here ain't
nothing but a boob thing baby I don't
110 scale bro how happy you aren't even
going there oh she was freaking out
freaky out it was like so first you went
in there and you know and you're
grabbing Marley out of car which is a
good and then we'll down the window a
little bit you walk back and then you
walked in and just so Marley wore
township second she goes in there she
don't want to go back out actly anyway
so Marley is okay she's typical Marley
thing she had like this weird little
abscess on her armpit which i think is
just like a coincidence because she had
an allergy outbreak from the grass while
we were gone the other day when I saw it
it was bright red like a stop sign and
she had those little fatty tissues under
her arm so he's wanted to check it out
so she's okay Marley's okay she's being
Marley pain in the a yeah this is kind
of an interesting thing that they
suggested because she's got allergies
sores tysons those diesel with their
feet from the grass to use like an
all-natural citronella spray or like a
baby wipe like a version of it you know
like and wipe it down so that way the
bugs stay off them you hear that
threaten me
all the melted snow we know the crazy
part is lipids so bad right here I think
our house is not hire like Hill isn't it
yeah we're at a height pointer at our
house did you want to show you in the
back Oh mr. Diesel's here no and it's
nasty little sweater my mom got him
grandpa sweater cuz he gettin old but
his sweaters pretty snazzy you
definitely a grandpa in the grandpa mode
my moms like he's definitely acting like
an old man he's grumpy he doesn't want
to be bothered and he loves his Slugger
this dog and that dog for some reason
want to go outside so can you guys see
what's going on you I'm kind of curious
to see oh yeah I know I'm pretty curious
to see how long this is gonna last yeah
good luck get going you got to go go go
go everyone go can you take off this
thing oh you know what they need to do
wrinkles oh I don't know where you
raincoats coupon oh you got water
everywhere tyonne see I knew where they
were I feel like they were right in here
yeah I knew where they were the other
house they're hanging out of her up
laundry could've sworn they were in
there are they in this think know you
had him yeah definitely help oh yeah
raincoats remind one of our Martin leads
always always like this sucks ass
seriously where do we have put them go
o.o better be there I don't think they
are seriously whatever put those marine
quotes oh my goodness our tickets I know
it's weird that she likes it so much
come on there you go yeah I'm sorry with
that as a key to save us I don't know if
Zoey's as excited about it alright are
you ready to go pee in the rain buying
go Mike go my run run just going like a
Diesel's bright vanilla
if you don't you smooth with Go Go Go
you're free oh boy Zoey come oh come on
D possibly the world's worst umbrella
please be careful don't poke yourself
yeah I gone mark going out oh
where'd she go
ok now for you
this is actually the perfect perfect
time to tell you what we're going to be
doing because it's raining right now and
that was a perfect example we had a guy
come out those alley since we can't do
the pool what we're thinking about doing
is we're gonna enclose this area and put
some nice like roofing and maybe some
glass eventually and just extend this
whole part of the house right now we're
trying to figure out what style of brick
layout we want to do a paver layout we
kind of wanted to get you guys opinions
and thoughts and maybe help us out on
this okay so there's three different
styles i'm going to show you guys right
now so of these three we're trying to
figure out which ones we kind of want to
do we're kind of thinking maybe the
basket weave is that the best we felt
you think yeah I like the crisscrossing
I don't know guys in the comments give
us your thoughts and opinions and maybe
that way we can kind of come to an idea
together and to make things even more
complicated these are the colors were
think about there's only two colors so
it's a 50-50 on this one so we have the
red charcoal and we have the red yellow
charcoal which one you guys like
every time we go to bed bath and beyond
I always try to make it a thing where I
come back with something like very kid
bike or very just like a game I don't
know I just like games Dave like really
good cheap games and I saw this and it
totally threw me back to when I was a
kid do you ever plan hotshots it was
like those little portable games that
you have like when I was at when I was a
kid I remember every time we do a road
trip my mom my dad would let me get
those little portable games that were
like this but on the screen like one of
these I would always go to get one of
these and maybe one magic trick those
magic things those rats magic kits and I
was rubber there was one called hotshot
I found this thing I sorry guys I just
got to like memory lane on that one
thing and it looks just like it just a
cheaper version of it like literally so
much cheaper Marley thought that's scary
so I wanna is she is only see old-school
style look at this this is some
fanciness right here that was growing up
having a dial like that this was
technology this took way longer than it
should have taken who's gonna win ally
or myself that one mine didn't give me
one it's not going through it's stuck
20 whoa 26 wait Dario it was the third
he's on fire oh sorry i meant to need a
mouseka include all the words to behind
available
14 1mon 1428 oh yeah 30 are you doing
that dirty dumb hahaha all right we'll
play a real game I just do it yeah I was
feeling so bad nice lady monkey I gotta
say for seven dollars knock knock what
about four dollars that that's a nice
little fun game for four bucks no I had
a really good time did I win that what
you're saying yeah well I as you blew so
much no I'm actually genuinely curious
that I win that was two of those games
did I win daddy I'm you I I get into
these voices describing Charles just
because that's what it sounds like in my
ear alright guys well I hope you enjoyed
today's video we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye guys
