so I hate admitting this but it is very
very true I am that person that will
take forever to unpack after I've
traveled somewhere and most the time
I'll kind of like live out of my
suitcase for the next week or so with
that stuff in it so I'm actually going
to try and get a jump start and here's
the even worst part I'm really
embarrassed about all the clothes that I
watch over all the clothes that I
actually wash previous two going on this
vacation are still sitting right there
the suitcase is away and done it's a
start now we can actually kind of sore
today even though it's a little bit
later in the afternoon but now I can
actually start my day I feel better than
I did yesterday I don't feel as great as
i did but or as great as i should i
should say but I'm getting there
progressively this car right here hasn't
even started yeah as you can see still
in his pajamas and it's in the late
afternoon so I get a lot of beliefs of
course that's possible yeah you know
sorry I kind of step 1 see that's my job
in the morning is doing all the
touch-ups and breaking it down the
reason why you guys haven't seen double
tips anymore is because Ali's been
quality control yes that's another
reason so this morning though he helped
me out a little bit so it's having some
trouble figuring out what to do once I
kind of pawned it off on him so I guess
it's a little bit my phone as to why
he's kind of delayed I'm putting a stuff
away look at my side chart little he's
still Purdy look at that look at that
look at that and look that I'm a girl
okay give me a break Nick look at this
look at this you have more clothes than
most human beings I know I go see here's
the best part guys okay hand excuse me
sir let me move your little barricade
that you have going on here we're gonna
show my black shirt so this is okay all
black yes accounting there's different
shades of black but I'll tell you this
ninety percent of those black shirts are
all the same shirt there's just
duplicates of a ridiculous ridiculous
ridiculous you know ridiculous chance he
said doodle and I am a little grossed
out so I'm going to turn off the camera
that's gross so it leaves snow to come
back to some dreary rainy Florida
weather kinda has it's a good excuse to
stay inside not do anything too crazy
however it's going to yeah Florida snow
may I go get gifts for film listen
because they've been helping us out so
much whenever we're traveling and you
know they always watch the girls which I
know that they love doing it anyways we
just want to get them a little something
something ah so that they'll keep doing
it for us Marley knows something's up
she's like I know you assholes are going
somewhere is your hand if you got a rash
oh yeah she's got this little like can
you see right there point on it right
there yeah there's like a little bump
there too so kind of sick she has like a
little hello to exact yeah little
infection or something different yeah
I'm starting to think that she actually
likes going to the vet there you go
raise your hand me I'll go right here
you know who's about you are good shoes
on with your pants and your shirt in
your space actually that shirt it's
pretty rad I bought it for you we're
still in the driveway
there is where it is there's where she
is there's so many a few rabbits
everywhere there I know it's not anytime
soon and it's all that there is it
Easter stuff here that's what we need
one ultra hell's it there we're getting
this I don't want to give them some for
real i want to get them something weird
they got us those weird salt and pepper
shakers all right coming can we get this
owl things i like giving gifts to where
people are like thank you i really
needed one of those i feel like it oh I
need to help I got i decapitated on does
this make anyone else giggle with you
this
I don't know it really feels like that
seemed pretty I'm trying to thank my
sister have to put something awkward in
her house and she can't say no so you
guys if my sister does not put this in
her house I want you to give her so much
crap we get a little teapot al we get
candle owls we get some pepper shaker
owls they're gonna hate us something
like you know what I think we should go
to wait out there the Austrian and then
maybe get her one Gold spoon just one
it's all these pi√±atas and of course
gotta do it do you need regular bat like
kind of stick you get so what should we
get over the hamburger giant hamburger
dreamers these are the kid hmm 10
there's one turd come on to the 5200 I
got 210 cheap 5250 so while we're
waiting for melissa i gave her so listen
Ally can do her podcast do a little
pinata did you ever get a pity on your
birthday i don't think i ever got one if
I did I think one of my mom a baby did
help however doing at a paper mache like
making my own pinata thank you but it
was just basically look like the new
york times it didn't look anything to
like this though all right out is gonna
go first so how do you do this do we
spin you around well i'll tell you that
the wall or something don't swing up I
far away not good
I'm gonna go I go I'm in daniela know
don't do that you know hit it bars look
at the candy so who's the real winner
trying to think of some fun ways to tell
everybody so we were in Sundance we got
this no shut up you're lying and we
thought it'd be kind of cute to do it
this way so we'll always remember
Sundance Ali's got a miniature head your
head you'll reminds me of in beetlejuice
where they're sitting in the thing and
they'll all the tiny heads nobody else
serious guys for some reason in our swag
bag and Sundance they gave us this so
this is a thank you for both you guys
for helping so visually yeah it was
delicate unwrapping your camera home
it's good it's pubes yeah a teenager hit
it's growing up my camera's growing up
right there no give back
these underwear no this is actually kind
of you guys are pregnant you're gonna be
an uncle shut up you're gonna be an
uncle you guys we thought it'd be kind
of a fun way to if you're gonna be an
aunt no wait we already told Melissa
that's why she's not freaking out shut
up I already cried shut up listen you
can't play with people's emotions like
this okay I I knew you'd be surprised
your full you're a liar right I
don't believe oh my god your
life i'm never gonna believe you
guys ever i chalk that up as being the
most evil prank ever you can use this
future baby wearing tighty well 5b 2018
by then two years ago no it's so serious
this is what they gave us well there we
go seriously you guys are crying wolf
the rest your cookie jar so you cannot
get rid of that now we're tricky we
haven't your alligator is sitting in our
china cabinet yeah our bear song pepper
shakers we'll go out you've got it such
a turtleneck doesn't bear time I got
something for you get that hamburger
I think it is a vegetarian yeah he's not
anymore buddy sort of offering does
there you know be funny to get a pinata
and put a bunch of dog toy isn't it we
should try the next time number one and
your way through the valleys never had
it
all
I made this up
