come on guys during the day
so if you saw yesterday's video you'll
see that we are continuing our trip home
King Salt Lake City at Sundance this is
the lake I obviously made it's fine or
the village like everyone it's a red I
hate that I'm so sleepy
that's window paper we know
I'll be locked he's got to Atlanta
how you got a race over you get home
that last cook by the way had no
explanation if you were just looking at
it like what the hell was that what that
thing was was the icing the plane or
defrosting the plane to make sure all
the the little wing stuff the flaps
which of the flaps could go open I guess
you could say it was pretty gnarly
though and I have a way to hear what the
boys look at the window you see that
giant thing spread in the wing never
ever ever had to rush to get on there
we'll just brush up like that everyone
knows it's like just don't get it boom
well technically look it cleared this
out for you too
that's right move it I want to go home
considering what we were just leaving
Oh what we just left this is like I want
to just get into my boxers and just walk
around like half-naked was so cold there
like when we were driving last night
it's 11 degrees it's not like 50 or 60
days it out
the funniest part I thought I told the
driver it would rather was that they had
heat on to 71 degrees and that typically
is what we put our air conditioning to
get to you know what I mean
so wait then we're going home we're
gonna take a nap and I'm gonna go get
the girls
so Ali's going to get some sleep and
we're home the quietness no puppies good
first things first off the heat put on
the air conditioner how about we just
leave it it's 73 degrees it's so hot
we're gonna take a nap really quick I
gotta go close the vlog bleep ass with
the girls but first I got a bigger net
so we will see you in four or five
seconds actually see after Zedeck and
I'm up told you it wouldn't be that long
actually I think we slept longer than
were supposed to hi oh that was a ball
punch okay
but where's mom she's not feeling today
so bathroom
he has never learned I see you this is
what you got to do
she's stuck in an airport oh I didn't
realize how much I'm in pain right now
from this entire weekend a body's so
sore
falling willingly in through the snow
the other day falling unwillingly when
he first got there but it was fun
Tyson I'm the king if you would want
straight in the car
tell you what say hey hello Internet
I have a cold and I'm not feeling too
good
serves me right though I jumped into
snow don't recommend doing that but I
also think it had a lot to do it just
how cold it actually was we just got the
girls to my dog dog char I am going to
get some meds get myself back in order
because God knows I can't afford to be
sick right now I can't take off any more
time off of work so so I just got off
the phone with Travis and Jenny and I
guess Kinsley she's being a little rude
though Kenzie was being really rude she
didn't say hi first off I just want to
say we have an amazing news really
awesome special news coming out he just
informed me about second he was just
telling me about a huge storm that came
through when we were gone I guess it got
down to like 30 degrees that's nothing
now I can now I'm able to actually say
that now that actually was in 11 agree
with her and I want to back to let the
girls out and our precious lights look
at to be falling again Marley your
tennis ball got hit by the lawnmower
so look at the storm brought you a
present from the trees okay okay gonna
make Charles II idiot you happy wait
till Zoe wants to play with it and then
you'll want to play dog
Doug's come on you been home for like
three minutes you especially hey come on
stop it it's not being dirty
stop being dirty stop being dirty
stop being dirty you guys want to get
clean today that was gonna happen
you want a bath that's right you don't
want obviously we just got home and I
was driving out in the neighborhood and
just in that short amount of time that
we were gone and five houses are now up
for sale it's like everyone's leaving
like we moved in there like we gotta
leave so I had this a completely random
idea for today you guys remember I don't
know if you guys never had it but a
drink heights I see there was a flavor
back in the 80s when I was a kid I think
was probably mainly during the whole
Ghostbuster era flavor was called ecto
cooler and it had Slimer from
ghostbusters
a green little ghost dude which was he
goes I never really understood what
actually was Slimer was a ghost he was a
monster anyway completely got after
those are the stays they could get
discontinued when I was a kid and
randomly somebody sent me this awesome
like recipe to try to recreate it and
that's why I was like yeah it's kind of
a slow day because we're all kind of
like out of it right now
when I try it so I'm gonna go get some
ingredients to see if I can make
homemade I wanted to go with chilli so
I'm gonna make chili for dinner tonight
traveling just takes so much out of you
and I know that sounds really snotty
because I'm super blessed I even get to
travel but I don't know I'm telling you
it really drains me recently but I'm
gonna get to that I don't know where
char is I called him you just go for it
out somewhere the girls seem very happy
that he's not here Moishe hi mom are
gonna try gummy bear yeah that tells you
this hour yeah forgot it was the sour
gummy bear you can just lick the
sourness off but like even need to tell
me anything
Joey loves it so Ally is still feeling
pretty crappy as you can probably tell
there is a little gummy fiend I think I
might just be worn out too yeah we did a
lot dengue you get I think my body yeah
Park City dengue I think I think my just
a little exhausted I came in the house
an ally despite feeling crappy is making
some turkey chili white bean turkey
chili on a heart attack
so you remember when you ate their lemon
and you hated it
what splash cuts is are we eating eleven
when she was a puppy and now Marla wants
attention so I get some green and blue
food coloring okay so now we need
mandarin oranges I don't think I ever
remember having mandarin orange flavor
in there
but is what the recipe calls for are you
protecting her we're gonna try this and
see if this works
instead of getting the regular food
coloring I decided to go with the neon
because they have neon now we're just
food coloring is this Oh son of a bitch
this is a food colorings gel they lied
to me obviously I'm super prepared
I got nothing that's correct but we got
to try this anyway it's for sure
nostalgia sake here's a fun little story
guys when I was in elementary school I
got this nifty idea I don't know where
it came from
what I would do is I would take kool-aid
packets and sugar and mix it all
together like I was baking kool-aid and
I will put it in little Ziploc bags like
little sandwich bags and I would twist
it so there'd be a little pouch of
sounds like drugs actually sounds a lot
like drugs
so I would put it all in there and I
would twist it around and then I would
sell it to the kids in my school for
like 50 cents or a quarter and I made so
much money in elementary school from
just peddling sugar yes so far this
looks nothing like ecto cooler maybe
with the food coloring in there mm-hmm
get in there there we go okay moment of
truth the good news is no matter what
this is gonna be a win because alleys
never had it ecto cooler slammer
smells like Slimer did you put anything
in it you put sugar in it what's awful
yeah what's sugar in it no you did this
just call my recipe or did you guess to
me I guesstimate it I made this up
there's no recipe for ecto cooler
something that's like kool-aid and they
came out that way right you won't wanna
try it either
there's like no this is giving my gummy
bears well it looks like I failed it's
pretty gross it's like I can smell some
mandarins the man I put more Mandarin it
it's not it's not any better the banner
just didn't help you eat your own poop
why aren't you freaking this what they
tell you what barking Forbes paper towel
that's what that's what you get when you
lose and on that note of Marley being a
spoiled little brat I'm going to end
today's video we've had a long freakin I
guess it's been a week now so we're
gonna watch a movie to cut Jill anyway
guys I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a good night
