okay I'll just waking up good morning
smile for the camera yes anyways right
now what I'm doing is I'm trying to find
some fun things to do in park city and
its way too pretty outside not to be
outside I know there are so many more
icicles today last year I don't know if
you guys remember us talking about this
we saw this giant tubing slide and we
saw it on the way back to the airport
and we got really bummed that we didn't
know about it so Ali remembered last
minute because we're flying out this
evening actually this morning is to say
the tubes over here huh no there's like
yours will take your money and I'm here
go for it you're like alli and I are
gonna be the oldest people here we are
gonna take on that mountain well maybe
not alone I feel like I'm gonna do a lot
better at this than snowboarding
it sounds like you have like MC Hammer
parachute pants on right now I think all
we got to do it's like a pretty self
service thing please grab our own tube
we got on this conveyor belt and we
slide down look like good so guess what
i think i have a cold serious cold down
from degrees that looks still 400 I size
it up don't worry concise of apples got
sit in it
you can't fit now on I'm suck I think
they're all the same size I think he's
you gotta stick your butt in there oh
yeah they're all the same size you got
 just got a slouch in all you got
to do babe
if I could fit in that one you could fit
in that one yeah good one that's a good
one plumbing all right hold on to that
chicks the chemise listen tackle all
right to be fun this is my type of
tubing guys we're actually getting late
shuttle boat by dragging it is not
well good see all the kids were the
helmets should we have helmets I think
it's a requirement when we were going
backwards I started feeling like we're
gonna tumble though I was awesome that
was on I think now we're gonna go
separate right guys this is definitely a
lot more fun sorry snowboarding is great
i love it a lot of fun but I got so much
snowboarding me feel much snow I thought
once no he had to work with we were
talking to the guy our bure driver he
said that this is the most snow that had
since five years we're going to the top
and
I kick it ok
you have fun how's your butt butt hurt
now they just snow all over your face I
don't know it was like and now we're
under the fast-food lamp heating
ourselves back up oh yeah yeah funny
flowing touch fingers you guys have fun
we finally got to do it I know last year
we promised we would do it and we almost
forgot this year but we did it so Jeff
bond yes now I'm just want to rest I
know I know I'm so we gotta get on a
plane in like five hours so I think we
were just gonna come on lay low really
low just a little bit I know they're
really getting so lot smaller you get
you can you right there but yeah that
was so much fun for the funniest part
about it okay so decided rolling funnest
part though I are the funniest part
about the whole situation was when we
were going down the tubes for some
reason I had so much snow and it was
like just like splashing up into my face
but if Jake is seeing some of the
footage but it made my teeth so now it
is a little uncomfortable just a little
bit yeah that's really fun though it was
a great time right now Ali and I killed
some time because we are getting picked
up in like an hour and a half and then
we're gonna take a red-eye home because
I was looking at the news and it looks
like it might snow tomorrow we figured
it might be smarter to take a red-eye
the way we'd actually get home in time
so we were just killing time right now
truthfully my arms and my legs are
completely hurting from this entire
weekend from snowboarding and tubing and
jumping in the snow and just walking in
the snow it's actually kind of difficult
just to walk in stove because you're all
tensed up you know you because you don't
want to make yourself like slip and fall
on your face time to leave our snow
paradise
oh my god i have my goes the exact to go
Shh computer sleeping all right ready go
home we are back at the airport and
ready to go home Hallie's about passed
out right now you know build it what's
wrong you always loved the snow for half
a day take a deep breath you got this
bad
anyway so we thought this was kind of
interesting that this sunday s was
smaller than last Sundance and a lot of
people were telling us it was because
like a lot of people's planes were
actually cancelled to come out here when
the blizzard in New York or just in
North eats got it so that's kind of like
what's going on but I kind of like the
fact that was a little bit smaller
there's no one here it's amazing most
romantic dinner dinner the most romantic
dinner ever let this whole section off
completely for us
moving for us you're so bad cold Tara
restaurant they happen you're like I'm
closing it down bird she's extra special
had to close down the whole restaurant
huh gate will have it we only have a
gate yet we're here that early can tell
we're both like I'm sticker quarter so
tired he's definitely super 34 I got my
pillow we're let you go to bed I my
policy here and I don't want to miss her
flight but I might be waiting for our
gate to be assigned so we're just going
to take a little nap and then take a
red-eye home and back to sunshine back
to vitamin D want to play their part I
hope you really truly enjoyed our trip
to utah and Sundance again this year and
playing its know if you guys are
brand-new this video's welcome I'm
Charles and that's Ally and we make
videos every day so make sure you click
the subscribe button and we will see you
tomorrow as always every night don't
fight the like button don't forget the
like button
I got perfect dude you thumbs up on
YouTube I double thumbs up you know I
can move easily reason hey brother two
thumbs up but don't hit it twice because
it goes away slowly what's right I got a
pretty bad guys I'll see you tomorrow
bye
I'll go over them are you go one more
time you're hardcore
