Oh
you like that's what turned your face
you have two jokes on me literally
touching the corner really fast and I
was trying to find Ally and I thought
briefly that was her
they got mildly freaked out it's all
tricks and mirrors flash smokin man
smokin smoking mirrors so it's your
second Sundance experience
woody was leading the charge I think
this one's a lot colder it does seem
like old thinking it what it is snowing
here which had been the last time so not
nearly this much snow I think if you
guys watched last time we were here last
year you'll probably see that there was
not this much snow no definitely not
yeah little bit more just just a little
bit more getting snowflakes all over my
face guys there's snowflakes right on
there they look like fell snowflakes is
a traditional appreciate another one
that guy fishing for snowflakes oh you
have them on your head okay so it's
right there there's a really cliche one
stop moving it's right there it looks
just like a snowflake in it cute the
town's kind of like died down a little
bit it's not as crazy as it's been and
it probably is this way because it's all
cold out but breathing this is like the
best spot this is this bridge that we
were on last year
please say corny photo up your last time
oh yes we did
all right guys compare the shots from
this in last year's and see which has
more snow battling slowly getting a
dreadlock on there
I was just telling Charlie
that's a great age I thought great guy
you should get Tyler to teach you how to
go that's what I want to lug them out no
it's the time but I just I can't do this
you kind of want to just watch along
states
making
yeah Ali's freaking the craziest person
on the planet right now and then I might
do it I think I should do it after
there's so much snow going on in United
States right now I think there's like 30
inches there's 30 inches right up north
where the west and there's so much so we
got all this here and there's even more
in the front so as we get closer and
closer to doing this challenge I'm
having a lot more regrets I'm adding
items so I've got this from my hands got
my hat I got my scarf my bandeau top hem
my pants I'm really really nervous but
this at least I can like knock this off
my bucket list like hey at least I did
that which most sane people would never
do that ever in their life but what the
hell why not I'm not coming out there
it's actually not too bad like right
here I can take this I like this I love
the sound I know it's cool why are you
trying to get all the snow off I don't
think it's good kay then use this to
poke around I feel like if you do right
here
okay I don't want anything to kill you
hey go get go get and I get one so char
right now I was gonna go poke around
just to make sure that I don't land on
anything that's gonna poke through me
and I'm trying to stay warm so I don't
want to go to the house huh yeah that's
round
well that's frightening cuz what if I
land all the way whatever let's just do
this the 2016 snow challenge
you ready No
well if it's any consolation it looks
beautiful real hard three
I'll go over them I'm gonna go one more
time you're hardcore this is so deep
it's it's up to my knees pal he's going
for round three believe it or not yeah
Oh
Oh what's goosebumps right there
hurts all over you it actually like my
stomach can feel that it was my chest
was it like refreshing ah no well I want
to do it next
Ali took it to the extreme where she
didn't did in a bathing suit well all
the girls are doing any minsters but I
don't have a suit bottoms for some
reason I had it perfect you have the
better thing I think that's way cooler
yes I feel my feet feel great
it's gonna do one more time
see this thing is that happy in there
and if you really do it is not that fun
are you happy you did it you go
no eh I'm happy I did at least check
that out their bucket list never been on
my bucket list
so I think
Bob you joined us skating Kindle cocky
over there you know we always complained
about it being like seventeen Florida
and complaining about that broom cold
okay guys
you win
alright guys hope you enjoyed today's
video don't forget to subscribe and as
you can see where I land I kind of plop
down there
it's so beautiful though you can just
come outside I just came out for a
little bit attend the blog say goodnight
to you guys and then just got stuck
looking at this look at this and on that
beautiful note I will see you guys
tomorrow
however goodnight
