good morning so Shay and I are picking
up some hitchhikers right now welcome
aboard I have an idea so I drink stays
nice and cold oh that's funny as I was
hoping those little kids they're gonna
kill me yeah
you can't keep up with a little kids
Charles how you doing Bobby again no
good Bobby's always been doing this for
a couple hours I got all of my
accoutrements so apparently I whacked
myself already with the snowblower
yourself i'm sure i'm already bleeding
we've been on the chair for 12 i've even
get on the dresser yeah I'm alive and I
whacked myself already
I am not good at snowboarding maybe next
time I will try skiing I keep saying
that but I never do it I just because I
think what it is is I want to make sure
to reveal the vlog and I can't do it
when I'm skiing because I have those
things in my hand so guess what I'm
trying to say guys this is partly your
fault
I'm just getting a freezing cold drink
it's probably delicious
hey who was that movie star we just saw
uh I was asking you I forgot our name
but I was like that was my first
Sundance movie star Juliette do it Lewis
is it a person a person is that her yeah
those are how excited I right now I love
this it started snowing a little bit
before you got back and it's like I
can't go outside until Charles Guiteau
you got one you get it I don't know this
is Ali's first time ever being inside
snow what it's snowing
you like a little kid out here face
planet do it no II haven't done a snow
angel this is best snow angel this is
the best snowing this is the best snow
you're gonna find all the other snow is
gonna be all gross and I see like that
you have no idea how much I want to just
push you in I'm fun there what that felt
earlier today that I schoolfellow that
tree stabbing the ground it was really
good Yuri did you watch it fall hi I was
looking at her cuz it just started
snowing and it just fell how's your
hands feeling right now better post it
as video he better post that oh you bet
everyone makes your casts and post that
photo Instagram followers hey guys
shoutout to Kassem G who got me started
on Instagram G mess it gets cast and G
backwards go give them a got me on
Instagram I have 1.1 million 50 how's it
how many up gasps thanks for getting me
on there buddy hey buddy see you later
oh good job but we are going to go see
the first movie of the 2016 Sundance of
our experience it's called captain
fantastic and it decided to play a very
excited
and I am a huge Steve Hoffman Shea's
going to save this favors like lying of
all time and then you guys have to tell
me what the movie is he's going to him
stayed up way after midnight movies that
I delivered it really what happened with
Shay Shay forgot his before bad vlogger
he grabbed his camera so he's now using
my other camera I'm Joe yeah he's a bad
blog everyone go give him crap I'm great
cameras never gets a world record for
the longest blogger in the world wait
how many days again yeah okay that is
amazing actually everything is world
premiering out of this this theater
basically how do you choose I know you
probably have like a panel of people in
it pick the film's you have nine
programmers feature programmers a lot of
festivals on this I have to approve
every film to get in the festival so I
should get a hundred twenty films I
probably watched three hundred film from
September October Wow
the movie was inspired I would say by
the apparent you know I think good
movies ask a lot of questions and don't
necessarily answer them and I had a lot
of questions about being a father and
and grappling with being a parent and so
I was working that out to a story you'll
all see them yeah the movie it'll make
my second wife and therapist rock
climbing and the survival camp for
irrigator so we also did like this bow
and arrow
lesson and yoga classes on the mountain
scene we were really that high
good okay I got some people that were in
the movie but they want to be in the
videos go check him out guys so that
movie was pretty freakin awesome and it
was actually really cool those little
kids actually watched our videos and
Shay's videos
it's such an honor listen if you watch
our videos or have watched our videos
over the last seven years and you're out
there killing it
we appreciate you seeing us and watch
our videos I like the movie was great
too so when it comes out you guys have
to go see it this is important right
here so everyone keeps asking about
vlogger mentoring this is this is a
perfect cuz we got the guys right here
hey right here on the phone - hey hold
on say hi to Morgan Spurlock hello what
baby we stepped out on the balcony in
his snowing like the it's beautiful we
had him so I wanted to film this little
clip because a lot of people ask you by
asking me about volume entry and it's
still one hundred percent going and I
don't know if you guys can even see me
well this fog or smoke one in my face
but it's coming it's coming right there
it wasn't a documentary takes time plus
if you have a good process of time it
makes the movie better because a lot of
things that have happened that didn't
happen if we would have finished the
year the movie hero right yeah
especially with this guys yeah and it's
you know it's a real deal because we got
this guy ball real deal today was a
pretty freakin awesome day we packed in
a lot of stuff he's freaking about
seeing snowfall for the first time so
your car is completed Morgan Spurlock we
had a great meeting about the movie that
we're making we saw a movie it's all
really awesome movie it's great time we
got to see snow we like to see me fall
and a temps no boarding again I will see
you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night
