so they can interact with things that
they see there's little blocks morning
internet so Qasim just put a nice little
idea in my face yeah yeah so I'm going
to flop into this snow I don't want to
see it's gonna be shipped it's all he
wants to do he wants to see it so I said
I haven't seen cats in a while I will do
it for them redress foreplay I'm ready
we're hiatus is too much through the
boots on awful time I noticed earlier
when I was kind of jogging I was like
why am I have a breath I going upstairs
stuff like this is kind of embarrassing
yes last night I was out breath I know
you elevation that's what up stair the
heavy this poor guy everything I'm at it
what are you going that way I don't know
what's over there not a fight it's
better that way over here why not this
one right right yeah i don't know if
i'll go over there just cuz i don't know
it's gonna be what does wrong thing is
good if we're farther away unless she
gets up close to you
you ready yeah you're gonna need to jump
yeah you can't hear myself oh yeah hold
that person a second I'd stay away from
that side honey I'd stay away from over
there just good idea like it was like
ordinary person ever but it's okay it's
okay we'll take your time you were gonna
go so much deeper than that it was
satisfied thought it was gonna be a
little deeper little bit giddy oh I'm
not jealous I want to help you by char
careful okay get on the rear I would get
it on the run snow thing wasn't as
successful as I'd hoped well thought it
was going to be a little bit deeper do
you approve you don't even approve hi so
we're getting ready to go to the
festival here are passes there we go
never all legit it was like yesterday we
were just here some random stranger Just
long writing on explosion man I'm Billy
there's Billy I was going I'm the smile
guy we're smiling at strangers today
again so I'm out of my jurisdiction
she's really smart guy Sam Billy that
was Billy the smile guy did you know
Billy I did not know Billy by just madam
so we're doing all these be our stuff
I'm being perverted nice looking through
windows
cool right what do you got I got I just
got Nate they just gave me look it's v
are looking at a gold beer but it's a
weirdest thing I've ever seen my life
alright charts gonna try
so crazy he's in one that weirdo that's
interesting oh yeah the chairs the chair
but he's got something in his hands too
yeah those are the oculus rift
controllers because they like just
released like a month ago oh wow he's
gonna be hearing a different experience
and if you we've been doing it so that's
what cast is doing right now like right
there on that screen yes okay and he's
got a controller and it looks like he's
controlling the movement of where he
goes this is very alien I like these
right there I love you guys see in his
hand all right see that's a lot so
that's that's the torch right there just
passing it you look like somebody like
you know the garage just put those
together just a mess with you do nothing
for you you gotta get full it probably
doesn't yeah I'm gonna get both shows
are rain down not be run or walk
around to me you can actually go
nice to care for me
I can't believe it so that's a real
banks you guys I like how he liked
vandalize this wall and people like
protected yeah donors what we're doing
is we're gonna go do that full body vr
thing looking back packs and everything
I think imma be crawling on the freaking
floor would like like a turtle told you
guys remember a thing called virtual boy
it was a saint the power glove came out
on the same time right yeah all kind of
within the let's say in like a couple
years yeah like when virtual boy came
out he thought he wanted yes but it was
like it was like gray and green there's
like key rapping google what a virtual
boys and laughs this is an interesting
parts you you're pivoting parts of the
experience it's a call system right oh
the cameras right there and then it
turns it into that oh yeah there yeah
Jay's gonna film Ali and I try doing
this now it's your first time ever doing
VR before that except for that one thing
why i SAT and watched that techno video
I've never done before I never done it
never one well this this is personal
virtual reality I think is just
experiencing like this is Tori different
people so they actually like we're an
apparatus in there and we'll show them
nervous oh my god I had a whole body's
hands off it
yo
spaceman Ali you or your sweater that
you knew would look good with your space
backpack that you your VR back actually
go I know I'm going to be probably doing
a VR experience today
is it cool yes big backpack it's like a
stormtrooper backpack so this is the
world that they're in you guys are
curious with their see them through
their little goggles this is what
they're seeing so they're on a you know
Starship Enterprise this is what they're
saying again choose go failure you won't
they're like in space and she just man's
it all here at this station need some
more cool words to use give us some
words casa giveth from VR oculus words I
haven't done was just nice to see
you know
see they can pick stuff up like that
they're interacting they're in a virtual
world
now they have a torch
on the torch in time
oh yeah
you feel sick it's nauseating it's so
nauseating like if you really do it the
real way yeah like if you uh you could
tell like you're going downstairs and
like going through tunnels and stuff
then the thing is you can't like you
have to walk completely straight
otherwise everything moves we do and
usually it's crazy you're going at we're
nets I'm excited and you do get super
nervous in there's like areas where
their space miss you and you feel like I
remember the puppet I loved it
but I was probably one of the coolest
things I've done what do you think I
liked it you like it look see that make
sure the canvas we're stocking up right
now and a lot of like food and stuff of
that starts because there's a storm
that's coming alright I guess that's
what I don't know I don't even know what
I'm talking about half time there's a
lot of snow coming tomorrow so we're
grabbing snacks and grabbing everything
and I stepped outside of the store and
call me like really corny and cheesy
sorry guys my hands are frozen so I'm
throwing you everywhere look at this can
you see this view crazy it is a truck
shake coffee on right I didn't know if
you're lifting this or something like so
I didn't want to put my coffee roaster
down this posters for a reason beautiful
so cool oh my god that'd be fun I feel
like I'm not really corny person that
has to site we went on everything that's
both of those beautiful how did you see
jelly bellies in here fancy got a fancy
flyer and everything there anything
don't blink you lose all your nails yeah
Kasim's already but I what is it Clark
there will be a big nude without fake
all this looks yeah it's like perfect
looking David we're missing a late for
ally in the alley yeah my daughter Shay
got it daughter I gotta get it it's like
an alley and that's what your name is
the same she is she is a little timid
when it comes to the frio when the Jose
frio shows up Ali's out in uni calling
for the entire time you're like I want
to see cold weather from afar Ali's
already been recognized as Kristen legs
three times
autographed it tastes pretty awesome but
we did the virtual reality stuff I have
to say that's gonna be kind of the new
future I think it's pretty cool anyway
don't forget to subscribe guys tomorrow
I think it's gonna be snowing and I was
gonna freak out i'm sure they were gonna
do snowboarding or something like
snowmobiles or something have a great
night guys
he's really just came off the roof
go home see ya good go Wow not with
right there
