this is a pretty awesome day today no
and I decided we're gonna play some
baseball and Tyson as you can see in his
right side of his face already decided
pretty much slide into home base very
honest of you yes it was the first
lesson out here buddy hi you want to
wear the visor the Yankee visor is that
cool with you this is my getup guys I
don't own anything that's acceptable
anymore
Gene's and Phil's cleats want Derek
Jeter we are going to Park City which is
gonna be so much fun
we went to Sundance last year and I
loved it so much and I'm super excited
because we're actually doing it this
year with some of chars very very best
friends in the world I've never actually
met Cassim I've just heard a lot of good
things about him I've watched some of
his YouTube videos which were hilarious
so if you guys have not watched them I
definitely recommend it Simon good stop
wrong ball chars not prepared pre usual
which I think you guys all know that and
I've got to go find him some stuff to
keep us you know keep his ass warm while
we're there because it's a little bit
cooler there than it is here and he was
not taking that into a realization he
was kind of like Oh
- Zoe she's great with the ballroom
maybe I am right now searching for some
thermals I guess that's what they're or
I don't know supposed to be a base layer
to keep them warm so we're looking for
that and I'm thinking about getting the
jacket but I think we're just gonna rent
it find something for me and I can't
seem to find these things anywhere for
girls time out dog on the field
extra points for hitting a car
I can ever get it around fully though so
first time so we gonna bat and Tori 13
years right so I got what Charles needed
which is very good my sister's going to
bring over her stuff for me which is
nice not having to buy anything new is
always a positive I used to work at a
surf shop back in the day and I ran into
actually my old boss Brian who is one of
my greatest friends still we're really
good friends and his wife Lauren and it
was just so good we got to catch up a
little bit they're getting ready to go
skiing too in Colorado I love being able
to you know catch up with old friends
while I was grabbing all this like
little necessities that you need for
when you travel I met 30 seat FX peers
and we had a long conversation and they
were super cool I always love talking
you guys so thank you for talking to me
I had great time all right guys we have
my absolute most favorite angle ever
while vlogging the coveted Nigel
Thornberry angle I can't see i legit
can't see
okay that him don't they a chicken get
the bucket help us out how's he doing
that
holy shit I know it's pretty impressive
hands-free vlogging can't see can see
way to end it
are you wanna go hang out with your
grandma you have such a doofus face who
is me talking this way really weird
Charles and I discovered that the other
day then I don't you know how I told you
guys I'm I hate baby talking hate baby
talk
I think it's not a hate baby talk
between couples I hate that I hate that
but I do a weird kind of to kind of baby
talk to my dog you invented some sort of
way of talking he loves it though diesel
or you do pee that's one happy flippin
dog so tonight because we are severe
procrastinators we're doing a lot of
packing I'm nervous about skiing or
snowboarding I don't think I'm gonna
snowboard this time they have us like
right I burped I'm sorry I thought yeah
well we can't I still like the snow I
wanna I wanna I think I only do snow
angel I know but it was looking it was
in a cool little spot but it was all
sloshing
I want to like being powdery snow you
know and like did you do
are you excited no you won't go hang out
with your mom he's so happy when you're
talking like that diesel I'm gonna talk
to you about taxes are you happy about
taxes yeah you like taxes they're really
oh yeah yeah hey you sir not supposed to
be up there
Oh Lucy goodbye he's like get them out
of here get him out I need all girls
again first thing I need a pack was
probably a jacket but for me the first
thing I need a pack is like GoPro stuff
so that way we can you know get some
good footage
the hell are you doing that was Zoe what
hey you know what I was saying before my
rude and annoying girlfriend got in here
was that ivory found my beanie my
internet killed television beanie
irie found it cuz I lost it for a while
so I really found we discovered you
didn't rebound we find it no you found
it okay thank you I found my lost
beanies here the intelligent one right
here we still have a few of these left
on CTFxC eMERCOM you know the blue red
gray and black
they're for colors so go check them out
there are a few left for this winter we
made sure it over just enough for this
winter
this know what don't fall I have ripped
my boob
the truce truce triple triple truce okay
don't put your hand back let me go first
so like this no we do flaps I'm not
trying to hit you to hurt you it's
called a love tap gotta love oh wait
look yellow life well there we go see
the last pair of jeans I'm gonna fix
that later I promise you know my awesome
packing skills I've been taking guys's
advice a little bit more and so I went
over stress myself out and it's been
helping so much I feel so much better I
don't feel like any seizures are gonna
be coming knock on wood hope my house is
made out of wood don't forget to
subscribe guys because we're going to
Sundance Film Festival if you guys don't
know what that is
google it it's freaking amazing we did
it last year and we're doing it again
this year we're going with a bunch of
friends of ours that you guys already
know like shake ass I'm gonna punch
other people try to make it like go
snowboarding again maybe I'll make a
ghost skiing or something
don't forget to subscribe and we will
see you guys tomorrow have a great night
bye guys
