good morning guys so somebody wants to
start the video today so we're learning
about computer stuff right now and Jake
and I have beard brothers right now and
see that yeah I don't know you got the
salt in there though see I don't have a
little salt silver-fox buddy silver
tight tight tight all right guys I gotta
start today as Jake just said hey guys
I'm wearing out his creepy glasses cuz
it's okay remember I was saying the
weather thing was gonna happen what's
the temperature yeah but it's be able
cool friend coming in tonight honestly
it's been I have freaking love cold
weather anyway just wanted to say thank
you guys so much for the love on
yesterday's video I am so Allie and I
were just talking about how optics is
off but I know the creepy I know Allie
and I are so excited all the love and
the work and just it was so worth it and
it was that shelters just incredible and
you know it is kind of scary like doing
promotions because you never want we
never want there to be negative to get
back on it we're kind of a little bit
scared we're a little nervous I mean it
was everything but you guys I mean it's
just they did such a good job you guys
saw how much this pet shelter was just
so magnificent
they are truly so magnificent have the
people in there are volunteers half the
people in there are foster parents to
these dogs half the people in there
stayed the entire time during the
hurricane brought couches everything so
they could stay in keep these animals
you know safe and one thing that Allie
and I really were attracted to her the
Sun attracted to about that place is
that there's like no yes McNair's water
it's like reading I arts
the Sun Florida is that there is it's
not a no-kill shelter so those animals
could stay there
further entire life if they never saw
and play outside so just watch
yesterday's video and all this stuff
that we're talking about so one thing
that I saw in the comment section was
that somebody mentioned that all the
pits in the 12 is great thing is they
have this thing called the pit project
where basically the the dogs that are
quote unquote less likely to get adopted
because of their breed some that are
feisty or people think they're pricey or
whatever I have this thing called pit
project where basically people can give
donations and then that partially takes
care of their adoption fee but it also
provides them with food supplies a bed
everything so Creek I mean they push to
get these dogs and these animals all
different nails pigs squirrels oh yeah
that's right they they had pigs and
squirrels sometimes - they didn't have
any they were all adopted I guess but
yeah just go watch the stage please yeah
everything I had a pot-bellied pig I
think they got adopted just before we
got there please go check out
yesterday's video it was not only a lot
of fun but very cool to be a part of
we're gonna go there anything one ya
already knows I still talk to the lady
Gracie it was
texting with their this morning I don't
know I like it really warms my heart
that was the coolest thing we've ever
done that baby cheers Cheers
I feel really good it makes me feel good
to get Brendan yeah I think I think this
whole month we're just gonna be giving
back I think that's the whole I think
that's where we're gonna try to do cloud
9 - yeah this is the holidays and Ali
and I haven't got to do this he wanted
to make our own ugly sweater we came to
our fair place
I'm just warning circle I felt like
we're fine
the way marika room
20 minutes
the guest room I like that you said the
special guest
sorry I'm not I'm not really Ali's gonna
good news right now so it's kind of
rubbing off why don't you get a real one
we can go get a real one for that amount
of money guess what I'm saying you know
we should get a giant one in print
upstairs free could go by the way Rika
has now got upstairs in the game room
and she's got the guest room and she's
got my office or uh little cats taking
over the freaking place oh yeah we're
gonna make some ugly sweaters cuz we had
the CTFxC ugly sweater a couple years
ago we ran out of time this year so we
figured that we would make our own
I have an idea of what I want to do but
I don't know if I'll be able to achieve
it cuz I'm not very artistic like Ally's
I'm out with my hands I can do computer
stuff but I can't do anything else
that's okay we can get giant jingle
bells we need do they have like iron on
stuff like those little like LED lights
oh that's good need those silver jingle
bells and ribbon check we got gold
little blue okay go all in
okay what are these are these other
stickers those won't last we need iron
ons
what about glue gun alright works and
get this one I mean it's just like
outside of the Christmas tree mail yeah
we gotta get a little puff balls alright
these are all shirts aren't there
anything we can do an ugly Christmas
shirt no I have no idea what we're doing
but it needs to be we need a stunt said
gun they're blowing don't you don't oh
hey which one doesn't join jacket before
no I just bedazzled everything I was one
you wanted that I think so I saw an idea
that I want to do oh well that's a
little more or less attractive
constructed play I saw an idea on mine
I think I wear that one I know to tell
you till it's done
what do we need the fabric where we get
that right here it's just like that
what's the cheapest fabric
let's felt that is the past tense of
feel
hilarious so we want Google eyes
something like I need to Google eyes
and you definitely need to be on that
one figure this one or like this one too
you could do that I mean I think this
one's the best so it looks like they
have a whole section devoted to this and
they have an entire marketing campaign
that's so brilliant we're kind of
loading up right now the only thing is
that there's glitter everywhere careful
there's some another three or four
dollars and there's somewhere dollar and
these are all I need I was gonna used
real candy but this way I think is a
little safer Tcat she's gonna go attack
Marley yep she's gonna go tomorrow it's
a fun story about me and how bad my
brain is sometimes I went all over there
I was the next person in line got there
did the whole like I don't have my
wallet kind of thing so I feel like
super like you know that's why I had to
do the whole super walk of shame and put
the bag back drive all the way back here
are you want to come back in the house
that looks pretty Kim in the festive
spirit how you gonna go all the way
around we only have four boxes oh I
tried
I want it it still looks good I mean I
like it I think it looks pretty but let
me stop my story is that I in a day I
went all over their next personal lines
of all the way back home and I had to
get the dog food and guys look what I
found it was just sitting there it was
sitting in the road and I thought you
guys might want it is that true
all right so you saw us collect all the
stuff you have all the necessary
materials to make the ugliest Christmas
sweater imaginable so get ready because
it's gonna be a contest between Ally
myself and you guys get the judge so
here's the deal man there's a lot of
glitter on these things I saw something
online that I want to try to do not very
talented at this stuff Ali it's probably
gonna kill me
to be completely honest I'm gonna be
able to draw on themed stuff but that
doesn't mean I'm good at like
constructing something
and for this type of material so we'll
see mine is not going to be a original
idea I guess it is mine isn't mine
Charles actually came up with I think
is my favorite
you and me that's the house making
everything look just flag should
the tree right where they should be
and I'm gonna like really my Christmas
mutters turning out pretty ugly I think
it'll go crosses all the way what - I
love doing this so so one day a year
well one month a year we you have the
excuses dressing up crazy appeasement is
joy keep it red
better than Halloween I like we judge
the Marilyn Monroe contest we had the
opportunity to go to this amazing
sculpture we just did all these crazy
things that we've never done before
oh my god
well after that long-awaited thing I
want to show you guys the final product
you probably saw it as the montage
continued but I want to do kind of like
a little modeling thing like when Ali
and I switch clothes or bought each
others clothes oh I almost just showed
you shoot you're ready for this oh my
god what kind of walk is that well
that's so slick versus so sly
you look rad all right let's get a
close-up of this I can't take full
credit cuz I did Google some ideas
somebody came up with this and I decided
to recreate it he looks oh my I'm gonna
call him Randy the reindeer party to RA
and a few kind of things so he threw of
all that candy and jingle bells and Ali
basically drew this thing's if I'm not
talented enough it looks awesome
which means that I just glued things it
looks awesome
it looks awesome I like it it's so good
there we go
strike a pose Magnum boom better give me
Magnum blue steel Magnum there's some
thing get lit this Christmas see I love
I thought of the lighting on fire but
the Snowman is such a nice touch thanks
man like you can't buy an ugly sweater
this cool yeah I don't think we did too
bad so we're gonna vote minor Ali's whoo
okay with students two categories say
which one's funnier and then which ones
better like which one would you wear
I think they're kidding like I don't
really think that there's a loser or
when there really and I feel like we're
both won the situation they were both
nice
yes I know it's the end of the day Marly
says goodnight we just want to say I'm
telling them she reminds me all the time
to say thank you now she's just being
obnoxious all right before you go
tonight we just have to say okay
Marley's out there now we just have to
say thank you so much to the CTFxC plus
patrons Amanda milder ah Kathy Peters
aka Mama bugs sharing more and Luke
Drake Luke T Drake and Craig Hopkins so
thank you so much for being part of the
CTFxC patreon group patron group CTFxC
plus that cat freaking loves Marley
exactly Rikka see good night good job
see you guys
