I saw that Char had a seizure yesterday
doing okay stress not a large factor to
do with it cuz he hasn't been stressed
out lately and you know we had we had a
long talk yesterday and we talked about
you know making sure that there's a
there's a balance because him and I are
both very very guilty of it we worked
very very hard he works so incredibly
hard and one big thing that we need to
work on together as individuals and as a
couple and as people that do log
together is finding time for ourselves
today has been crazy though it's been a
crazy busy day I got a little worked on
this morning and basically for the past
like four hours I have been on the phone
dealing with medical bills because I
know that we didn't talk to you guys
about this please get medical insurance
it's so important I can you begin to
tell you how important it is sometimes
there'll be a whole year you pay for and
you don't use it but you should have it
bills are crazy I don't know if I want
to my medical bills are just crazy and
right now I am just going through trying
to figure stuff out for that but it's
nothing that we can't get through
nothing that we can't work through so
positive thoughts I guess what I wanted
to talk to you guys about today is first
off saying thank you for being so
supportive to Charles and I feel like I
do this every couple of months but I
really find it super important that I
let you guys know that he loves you and
he's gonna do something really tough
right now he's not negative about it
he's not sad about it is he scared yeah
of course he's scared he's human but he
loves you guys so much and he
appreciates everything that you do for
him so thank you just remember how
important it is to focus on the positive
throughout the day and how wonderful
life can be and no matter how hard it
can get you can always you can always
get through it I don't care who you are
what you're gonna do if you stay
positive and you push through it there
is a light at the end of the tunnel and
it can it can be really positive so just
thank you so much for everything and I'm
done with my rant I gotta go pay some
bills guys faizan bill so today is an
awesome day because a it's like 55
degrees it feels amazing and B we start
packing because we are leaving I think
in like two days we're actually going to
sundance film festival again Jeanette I
think it briefly did but I'm going Ali's
going Shay's going I think cast him
going we were able to go last year and
it was a lot of fun but I think it'll be
a lot more fun actually going a lot more
friends I'm looking forward to it ever
since we left I've been looking forward
to going back because I know it's one of
those things with snow like you love it
you love it you miss it but the second
you touch it oh yeah this is frozen
water but I'm looking forward to I want
to try snowboarding last time and I
think I want to try doing skiing cuz i
don't think i've tried skiing yet maybe
i have I just don't remember possibly be
who's gonna win the battle on this one
we're always gonna get the few spot or
do those wimpy on everyone which he
likes to do everyone gave up on all
barley get that piece pot you shoved
third right in these little space oh
yeah we're going to sundance film
festival yen so we just had to take a
little quick Zoe break
there you go
oh I think you here I'll put you guys
closer to see I'm still trying to mess
where I was because when they were fixed
in the car they had to adjust all the
electronics and make sure everything was
working so I can't figure out because
the seat has one of those air lumbar
things so it's not as easy is just
moving a bar and finding out where it
was i dead just stupid airbags in the
seat I'd rather just have a bar just on
and off hard times do can do here for
two days I know it's over saying I'd
rather just have a bar you flip on off
making copies making copies up to the
copy machine I was I guess no written
copies for Ali's medical building that's
right yes Rob Schneider making tough day
well yeah I'm going to turn up
not set us the vlog but i think i have
the one piece of technology that really
gets me i get the super confused about
is fax machines paying all the bills and
said nothing pills and paint alden bill
what pay them bills anyway so what was
saying it's like I think I was like you
want to fax something and hold on it's
gonna shut this one up yeah I'm done I'm
done guy asked me if I wanted the fax
something I was like uh yeah but I don't
know how to do it what was funny was
hearing that noise that fax noise hey
Ryan to me of getting on AOL back in the
day when I first started you know being
online back in two thousand six just
when I was online for the first time
website you know your first website
remember first website ever going to my
first website that I ever went to was
Nintendo com question cuz for some
reason back in the day and AOL they had
those channel things those little
buttons Catholic News email all that
stuff and I was new to the internet the
second i discovered www what that little
channel was oh like my god the internet
is huge and then i went to first I go to
Nintendo com and i've already printed
out a couple photos of nintendo calm if
it's like those random stupid thing but
you don't know your first one no i don't
internet in the comments below tell me
the first website you ever went to when
you got online it was pornhub right well
Brett just like that I'm leaving this is
our cub oh this is our car you got a
haircut what you guys think yummy sub
get the time for the Sally that's my new
favorite game scaring the crap out of
puppies on thorn Marley's phase right up
in there she's psycho Helen this year is
over text Oh guys this is the gift that
I'm stained and painted for my mom so
yeah I don't have a before and after but
it actually turned out really well I
have one more stain to do on it and then
I'm gonna bring over tomorrow I'll sure
decide but unfortunately she couldn't
put it in her car at that time look at
you looking all super flat with the old
new haircut so dapper oh yeah murdered
my haircut no she's like I just want
food including you the best thing on
planet Earth
pub sub I mean you're you're kind of
good yes sir okay well he's best
but pub/sub it cooler public's
everywhere yeah I part so coveted I know
so you're like Marla you'd sell me out
for food show what uh Geneva said to do
your hair new hair style what do you
guys think I think it's that beats the
new trends you know like a bowl again
it's waking what's going on in this
house I know you're seeking a little
bitch ways right I love everyone's on
you this he tries to steal Diesel's food
all the time fire so much Oh Marley York
easy one but is there one food or one
meal or one baked good something yummy
that you feel if you had a choice
between that and somebody else
significant in your life would you
choose that particular food over them
now this is not a real question but
let's just say that you had to choose a
food what what food would it be he's on
the other sellers I'm not arresting like
let's just say like you have to make a
choice and you have to choose your
favorite food or your boyfriend what
would your favorite food be in that
situation oh very good situation yeah
but I'm asking you a question Robert Lee
choose the sandwich oh no big back to
chicken cordon bleu our golf my friend
what's your favorite food that you would
have that no but I'm asking you like
what would your meal choice B you have
to choose something you're such a dude
Oh Marley's like are you kidding me are
you kidding me boot over us I think he
would
I know she would so before we leave for
Sundance again this year I have to make
sure I have all the medication because
last time the last time I did this I was
wherever the hell it was the thing was
Alaska and I ran out of medication in
the middle of the trip that's a big
disaster right there because you know
it's not easy to get this kind of stuff
especially love medicine that I have to
be on it's all substances cold I think
it's the work and so basically long
story short it's not easy to get like
quickly like that okay that was kind of
a scare right there I had to switch
insurance carriers recently and I guess
they did have it all updated so that
medicine died just got right there was
twelve hundred dollars like 1200 dollars
for 30 day those with insurance I think
it knocked it down that's like that's
stupid insane and that's the
anti-seizure medicine which doesn't seem
to be freaking work no I know it's
working a lot better than it used to but
still that's insane how much that cost
well trying to get packing gotta get
ready for the freezing freezing cold
weather as you can see I'm completely
prepared at tank tops got some black
shirts yeah I'm ready anyway don't
forget to subscribe guys and thank you
so much for watching today's video see
you tomorrow bye guys when that stuff
happens you know what it feels like we
woke up the morning
but you have
wait on your body and then when you wake
up you're like you're trying to move
first it's weird this arm with this this
or more like that no duh no left on my
mother was under your body also would
you were laying on your left side has on
your body in the point out that way
