you feeling
I actually feel really bad right now you
do you think it's from the rock climbing
sir or the be all the little crazy
things that have happened in the past
couple of days no I don't really I'm
pretty sore my back sore yeah like my
muscles like like right back here really
far muscles or they feel swollen yes sir
you can't be sleeping this late you need
to eat your food it's really really late
right now well he doesn't want to eat
unless you're up okay / yes I'm talking
to you don't you stretch it's so cute
when you stretch your legs I love it
love it love it I know everybody and you
will probably write these down every
time I have one I think realize we did
all that last time I drew this really
crappy outline of human just to point to
my arm and I wrote it super tight you
just can't see the see he's got he's got
a red cape and it says he's going to get
you dumb seizures at 4:30 in the morning
well just before a third my left arm
went straight up my eyes appear to be
open mm-hmm
really that whole fear that I was
talking about came the fucking
realization hey it's okay it's okay
I know but it's this is the whole
legitimate thing where I was freaking
out and then you know what it's stress
you've been sort out and you even told
everybody you know you are you've been
stressed things are stressful if it's
okay hey it's okay no no
and I poo oh stop it I think most people
get hurt is when they're walking they
saw I mean every time I've been
couponing I've hurt myself right there
no wait I didn't really want to talk
about it but I figured since the other
day I talked about it that it probably
should yeah
I'm 4:30 out another seizure
and yeah so I'm okay and um probably
gonna just take it easy I'm gonna be
filming what I want to do stuff I mean
you should rest I need you to release I
can't I just tell me I get antsy shoot
any camera with you do trial I know I do
but I think they can't system I let him
actually sleep in a lot later today I
feel like I feel honestly I think like
car is done I honestly feel like when
that stuff happens you know what it
feels like I'm gonna wake up in the
morning what like you've had like a ton
of weight on your body
mm-hmm and then when you wake up you're
like ah and they're trying to move and
everything just hurts it's weird very
stressful is this arm what this and this
one more like that
no no left arm like that what's under
your body away so you were laying on
your left side nose under body and was
pointing out that way like that and then
your right arm progressively just kind
of like lifts you know what's what sucks
is like okay the last couple that I
remember I would lay on my right side
and I for some reason thought yeah I
thought that was like a trigger so I
don't know if you ever noticed I've
always been sleeping on my left side
that's why well I thought maybe that
would keep it from happening
I was just sleep on my face came and
when you're doing okay yeah I'm okay
good so it's a new day new day guys you
just wanted to let you know I'm just
being honest
what happened and decel I feel right now
new day momma's really this is what I
was talking about guys malicious
appetizer
I call it al akkari ah yes fresh-baked
would you ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am ma'am
it's right here Oh Allie wrote me a nice
little note well now that your but now
we just got of it forget about it cuz
now I'm up you ate your pink things with
you left the carrots
he ate his medicine but he left
delicious carrots
all right Marley go for clean up the
bowl watch Eric Eric you can take your
piece but that's all you're gonna get
that's all you get Iggy you go first
right off the beats for you bite bite it
so we had these extra frames that were
sent to my friend oh sorry so these were
Ally's frames so she put on my head she
thinks I look good do I look good guys I
feel like I look like my head's way too
big hey it's all upside it there we go
it was my head there I think my head
looks too big no I look you look so cute
dapper I see him on you yeah that's good
on you stop moving your head so much I'm
drunk I'm not going to I just they have
to get set in yeah I have to obviously
get my lens in there I don't know today
a little big I guess those are those
type of glasses you just have to get
known well I didn't have it on for a
minute these look better don't the guys
you look handsome I like it
you're on camera so everything you do is
being filmed which is pretty normal
anyways remember no race no parties no
raves so we're taking back our new card
we can get our old car back finally
after they can't hit us
until somebody recognized so I don't
know if you can see right to the right
there's an older lady it's watching the
entire time now I feel really bad that
such a tiny little but but if she does
that that's a new Charlie what is my but
was this big that I like
I couldn't leave back yeah Bart hey wait
this is amol oppose model pose go
with the person everything forgot to
show you guys look all nice and fixed
feels like being back in home
wow that's crazy oh that's guy setting
this man really blue end up the seats
though we're leaving I don't know if you
guys remember what we're leaving for
Sundance Film Festival tomorrow
no no it's 21st in two days we're
actually going to back RIT whatever
we're going back to Sundance with Shay
cast them a bunch of other people had
one girl fancy so she's getting her
eyebrows threaded this thing right here
Wow totally got busted I wasn't allowed
to film anymore
I heard so little does it hurt right
there Oh
with this Zoe Zoe Zoe what are you doing
Zoe doesn't care so I want to go check
on the pops and looking at so looks like
we're a freaking demon or gremlin in the
house why do dogs eyes do that though
and then we just scroll over here and
there's Marley still doing bad things
apparently that's just where she goes
diesel was right over there he wandered
off somewhere have an idea there's
diesels
all right there for the camera see we
can talk to him hey dogs hold on we're
coming in and the gang the gang's all
here
so he looks like that thing I knew I was
making forces mom always walk is the
funniest and cutest thing in the whole
world
come on Zoey please show me a little
walk your little prince come on
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo I've got to
tell you guys right now I'm still a
little bit out of it I feel very very
tired got a huge headache right now I
can't tell if it's what happened this
morning or because it's so cold you're
likely hit make sure Oh try both yeah we
can do the Furby voice now probably
scary as hell
you
I'm done tap out IKEA furniture beats me
again I've got to say starting a day
with a seizure
completely kind of stops your momentum
for the rest of the day I felt kind of
out of that feel completely out of it I
do want to say thank you so much for all
the support I was really bummed because
two days ago I was talking to you guys
about this whole fear that I have and of
course it has to happen so I just wanted
to say thank you guys for not allowing
myself to get totally bummed out today
and completely ruin my day so anyway
don't forget to subscribe and I will see
you guys tomorrow as always bye guys
