good morning Internet so our first thing
I just want to say thank you it feels so
much better yesterday I preventing a
little bit but kind of bottled up a
little I don't want to keep doing that
it's kind of a pain in the ass second
off I am okay and my family is okay that
weird tornado thing that went through
Sarasota Florida
it didn't affect anyone that I know or
anything like that it had some damages
but we're okay so thank you guys for
that
that was definitely kind of a weird
fluke like a tornado through Sarasota
Florida that's pretty weird and for
those who have no idea what I'm talking
about last night it rained really really
really really hard and I guess it
brought a freakin tornado the Florida
specifically Sarasota which I've lived
there my entire life they have heard it
when I was little but I've definitely
never seen a tornado come through there
so it's definitely a fluke kind of weird
thing we're all good I am again with a
new you're on our way to Claire's house
because it is for bridal shower today
there's the mama of the bride there's
the other beautiful ladies
these three ladies are bridesmaids
remember this one and I bet you remember
this one from the key so I am walking
all three of these guys at the same time
which is a freaking disaster everything
oh geez yeah I think he just peed on
yourself
disaster well you gotta go on top or
Ibiza went but like I said I feel so
much better with venting yesterday if
you have no idea the whole seizure thing
and the chemo thing everything just kind
of built up like all the stress but I
feel so much better and it just kind of
goes to show for myself and hopefully
for some of you guys not to bottle
things up if you have things that you
want to say you should you know be open
with people and just open with yourself
more importantly and just kind of talk
just kind of like it feels so much
better just to say things out loud even
if you're like saying it to a mirror or
a camera it definitely feels like a
weight has been lifted off my shoulders
that doesn't mean necessarily that I
don't have those concerns or those
worries it just means that they don't
have as much power against me I guess I
guess that's what you could say doing
you always have those things but you
know takes away just the severity a
little bit more oh and they're sweet
crisp
okay what are we making right she did
see those limbs and branches everywhere
from last night this is nothing compared
to you know a serious tornado or major
storm but for this area around this time
it's kind of bad so Claire's bridal
shower is so much fun it's like such a
good group of people and there's cake
and now what we're doing is we're
dropping off the rest of the food so
much leftover and it was so good that I
feel like if we didn't bring it on we
all would have been linking yours Olsen
but fried french toast was awesome it's
my mom's birthday tomorrow so we're
going to give her her gift and go to
dinner with her tonight I don't have
char already showed you this but he just
told me that there was a honey bee hive
that fell into the middle of the road
they're all agitated boys your name lien
Mike and Michelle so we were walking
around and because of that storm a honey
I guess a honeycomb right fell and
they're trying to rescue it right now
pretty interesting is that smokes up
this Abdullah yeah that's their alarm
pheromone all right sorry remember we
got stung in the nose nice to meet you
guys
take care even helping the honeybees
that was really interesting so I got in
contact I got their card I'm gonna try
and contact them a little bit later and
see about maybe helping them like
harvest some honey apparently what they
were saying was that fell and they
drowned in their own honey it's actually
very interesting and sad at the same
time so what'd you guys think should I
contact them and then you try to harvest
my own honey I think that'd be really
really cool really I've never done that
before I've always wanted to it's the
other house there was a bees colony or I
don't know column and nest a box throw
bees and I always kept meaning to
actually contact America for getting
back at me see he's eyeing me I want
your honey a bee
it keeps coming thank God I'm not
allergic we're their little bee he'll go
oh come on that was funny
always for the vlogs I'm leaving you
alone alone my hair well that was a dumb
move by me Fran how much getting stung
by a bee freaking hurts I don't know if
that was one or two I know I deserved it
though guys can't probably see it right
there
I could explained how I saved a bunch of
bees and then one asshole tried to kill
me
now before you like freaking make fun of
me because you know I deserve it hurt
the reason why I only went back was
because when I was over there they were
freaking calm as hell and I you saw I
walked right up to it and there was no
problem I don't know they just forgot
that I was cool and they tried to kill
me
do bees die when they sting you is that
like a myth there was that actually
truth either way that's
I guess essentially I just got jumped by
a gang of bees lesson learned I had to
show you guys this they're inverted ears
right now Zoe was here diesel where's
your mom where's your mom Zoe all right
Martha wants in on the action
who wants cookies ever wants a cookie
diesel you want a cookie
diesel your big old idiot you know what
the most interesting thing about my
stupidity right there was okay so I got
stung right I was complaining that hurt
and it does hurt but I got parently
stung twice so I got stung here which is
when it hurts and then the other one was
like stung up here which is hilariously
enough where my scar is so it's like I
don't have I guess I don't have any
feeling I'm gonna have feeling but I
guess it doesn't have really sensitive
feeling so I guess this guy died for
nothing
this one this one actually right here
he's got me pretty good
kinda hurts really bad and this one I
don't even feel I didn't know I had it
that's why I was like think it was kind
of funny and I looked in the mirror I
was like looking at at all I don't know
if you guys can see it cuz I have big
bushy you can see the scar right can you
see my scar it's like right here it's
okay you got me like right here and then
the other guy got me were great back
here have a year I'm trying to use the
camera as a way of looking where I'm
going but yeah I can't see anything my
hair your haircut stupid bee I deserved
it I totally deserved it
so yesterday you saw that we were
keeping an eye on the dogs with a
security camera like looking at see
which one would be better I think I
found a better one so maybe we can start
doing that a little more because I'm
always interested to see what Zoe Marley
and diesel now what they do when we're
gone dude
you're gonna always bend camera now so
anytime they do something bad at least
we'll give it on camera since I've had
Zoe she's only had like hip issue you
know you probably remember back in a day
the beginning of the vlog Zoe Marley
diesel have been on glucosamine and I
kicked joint formulas and what I'm
trying to say is has nothing to do with
that I'm just opening a big giant tub of
brand-new joint formula and I was just
laughing to myself because I can't open
it because my freaking my wrist
ohright was a tricep hurts so bad from
yesterday when we went rock climbing
it's kind of a thick I need a big strong
ally to open this they should even do
that hard so child safety locks I can't
get through that's right I got it
that's how I know first time hey um are
you gonna are you gonna be ready like
around like 6 o'clock you better be
ready bitch you better be ready okay
you know
and you tell they were related yeah keep
going yeah by the porta potties keep
going go to the party
we're body and they Rory window down
right here
that's all be that's be honey right
there that's where it fell can I
actually stung me never got to tell you
something my head twice oh my god
alright I got I got the honey wait a
second it was up at night yes right
there
are they still down there yeah freak out
Ali doesn't like me he's right there
chance my thought two issues right there
the time
well I get down she's trying stuff more
comfortable yeah more cookie maybe I
don't want to open the door
you got
what were the squirrel
