I'm leaving you I'm leaving you go
faster Kalin you're not helping just
kidding I'll see you later making funny
story
Caitlin cut stuck up on the mountain but
here let me say it I'm pretty good at
skiing however I don't do black runs
then I got stuck on a black run and then
I got so scared then I made Ski Patrol
come again I actually slid tom was like
okay take off your skis and slide down
to me
so like try to do that but it was like
at that time it wasn't real powdery so
you couldn't like dig your feet into the
snow so when I slid down to him I
literally hauled ass down to him right
then I was like screaming Tom Tom she's
here she made it she made it through
Lincoln limo ho ho like people that get
married that I noticed like I feel like
if I were to do a wedding registry
it wouldn't be for things I need for my
house it would be for like my wedding
registry includes places that I want to
go on my life help me build that dream
kind of thing good idea we did a honey
phone so you helped us pay for our
honeymoon and then we registered
somewhere else because we were told to
register so yeah we didn't get like
trying to and stuff because when the
whole thing I never use China yeah it's
so different than I thought I might hear
the China yeah I mean in my hair
China do you see it alright go for it
alright doofus you're not gonna go cuz
you're just gonna hobble around you're
gonna ruin it for Marly got a couple
more seconds otherwise you're back on
the leash
put your head down shame I know so
here's one of the little gifts we're
getting for Claire she loves like the
ocean fishing everything to do with it
so we found these keeper of glasses so
the deed is done
Claire abuse you were surprised when you
get this even though I filmed all of it
so I wanted to kind of talk about
something that's kind of been on my mind
for a little bit now and I I've already
noticed especially myself when editing
the videos and in comments with some of
you guys I've noticed that it looks like
I'm kind of a little bit out of it and
the truth is I am completely out of it
right now as far as like like stress or
just like I don't know like things going
on in my head
and what what I think is going on is
because I had their amazing news of not
being on chemo chemo anymore but as a
result of that whole situation I have
this like overwhelming fear of things
not going well and I think because of
that it's really kind of put me in like
a really stressful position and because
everything every time we had the chemo I
would always have like a seizure and
that's like the greatest thing about not
being on this anymore and possibility
because every night every night since
the beginning I go to bed because the
seizures seem to happen when I was on
chemo around 4:00 to 7:00 in the morning
every single time almost like clockwork
like in my sleep
so what I was doing was I always have
this fear this overwhelming fear of
going to bed every night thinking I'm
gonna have a seizure and I think that on
top of the fact that my illogical
thought process is that if I stay up
super late I can beat the situation and
I won't have one and I think you know
staying up till 3:00 and 4:00 in the
morning you no one should ever do it's
not healthy
then doing that and adding the stress of
you know tour coming up the new album
you know YouTube views comments getting
the video on time you know editing all
that stuff I think it's just kind of you
know you gotta gets to you but at the
same time I love everything I do I'm
such a blessed person I cherish
everything but at the same time there's
like always so much I can handle without
it almost physically appearing every
single time and I try not to talk about
it in the vlogs or even to anybody
because I don't yes I just don't want to
I think if I want if I do and I talk
about it it's almost not a meeting two
feet but it's I guess it's kind of
admitting defeat to myself I feel like
I'm a stronger person is this something
I wanted to talk about because I noticed
when editing the videos this was
something that I was noticing myself and
I was getting concerned that this was
happening and as strange as it sounds I
feel so much better just rambling right
now I just turned the can I had no idea
what I was going to talk about but I
can't wait to just be over with
everything was such a large thing my
head
I mean honestly no pun intended I did
that big head jokes always make me laugh
it scares me
it still to this day scares me every
single day I don't know I just kind of
had like a weird little breakdown when I
came back from the dogs like walking
them and I just wanted to talk even if
this is not making any sense which it
probably doesn't I just wanted to say
what I was thinking before I ever got it
and I do want to say thank you guys I
love you guys so much okay so
I've been doing these videos these
particular ones eight years and in those
eight years I've gone through a lot of
things I always say ups and downs but I
mean a lot of things and I think right
now is this where I was kind
you know kind of hitting me a little
toll on my body or something I don't
feel like the first step is you know
venting talking about it and then second
step is you know moving on and then
everything's gonna get better I'm gonna
stop talking because that's all I have
to say and thank you so much for
listening I love you guys
I know it's kind of deep but honestly
guys I feel a lot better getting that
off my chest a lot better so thank you
for letting me rant how they went to go
get diesel and I think we might be doing
something a little bit later to the
evening it's funny
I hate bottling things up that's crazy
why did I do that for so long it's just
so much better
Dee's back Matt are you a bad influence
on boys so rather than it be kind of a
crappy ending to the day Ali and I are
going to go meet up with Melissa and
Phil or go try rock climbing for I think
it's my first time ever trying that yeah
we're not gonna climb it out I think
it's like relatively like a new place I
don't think it's like been over long but
looks really cool for the pictures
alright she's gonna do something what is
she doing
oh great she's doing off camera not good
that's never good
Jesus beginning Diesel's right there
sleeping and I think Zoey's face is
right there I think that's where she's
at she's like she's passed out but now
Marley has disappeared exciting but like
blown away Lister they're small they can
be there
just killing it up there you go first
alright I'll go first
I'm actually super annoyed out
don't jump back just kind of like going
that ball is terrifying I think you're
not supposed to like let go like that
nice but are you stuck do you give up
that's right again some reason
everybody's taking up way to live IM
antenna fighters
I can show you what to do and what not
to do I can tell you that he already
showed me how not to fall he goes so
fast - he's like a little monkey
watching
you got this what were the squirrel do
it's weird this gives me vertigo just
like
during rainbow 6
well the pink ones are harder that's a
five nine good luck
zone fall
I was there
this is the worst part falling right
here
that's the worst part that's serious
part of thing
this is about to get intense I don't
know if you could see into the world but
that's that's a 3d wall
Charles eat him eat it
Charles there's Wi-Fi at the top go up
there you got it
char's gopi get that wife I hate that
Wi-Fi box up top
I'm dead I'm dead
that's rough Hallie's longer than you
it's not fair she went that way I went
through the blast yeah stretch come on
come on Ali stop that Wi-Fi box recover
so far
I can't I can't keep her back you did it
listen Ally are freaking squirrels over
there he's freaking it's one arm and
half of all the things he's doing
who that
it's crushing he did that one-handed - I
mean I could do that if I want to
right you can do it dude totally we're
just over here we're just you know we're
letting them have their time we did it
good like we did it so you know we don't
have to do you want to put everyone to
shame we would have to make those some
people feel a little better
I just did a thousand of those I mean
I'm making them go back up - I think
he's good at yeah you gotta practice a
little bit more did you chop your beard
before you did this oh the beards always
know where to go because that's where
you hide like the extra job it'll go get
the bottom
he's blocking we're going
