girls Charles this is a rental get it
together so I woke up this morning kind
of feeling like crap I think that I
finally have got a cold from this
weather which is not fun at all I'm very
like stuffed up and kind of like my
throat doesn't hurt but I feel like I'm
constantly gonna cough or constantly
gonna sneeze so never mind all of this I
hate when this weather's like this where
it's a creamy and cold and then it's hot
and cold and I know that we're always
talking about it and always complaining
about it but it seems to really mess
with me it messes with like my muscles
it messes with my bones and messes with
obviously the way that I feel so I'm
kind of hoping that it either say steady
and stay so either the days or it goes
back to arm hoping it'll stay cool but
like gel arena I just ran three and a
half miles without stopping once I think
that's one of my best ones sit down huh
good morning Internet hi oh hi oh boy
that's what you need when you come back
from running guys is a swift kick in the
balls but my doing the chemise
right do you care about this ring the
doofus that's close
Oh
oh that's not regulation
I win hey
yeah I suck at this I'm terrible I need
a wide goal well it's easy for you could
I have a big head you have a tiny head
all more easier go
right yeah maybe if you lift it up your
pants they wouldn't be falling down all
the time well I thought it was on a
right notch that's the worst thing is
when it's like you think it's on the
right notch and then your pants are
falling down you're like oh there's on
the Phantom notch no maybe you think
we're halfway done your but they're not
overdo mm-hmm Oh your hips mm-hmm
Charles this is a rental get it together
ought to get to face whoo we're driving
down the street now I noticed these two
we had to pull over Ospreys their
massive low like look at those size
sticks your branches not strut twigs
they look like they're awesome looking
they're majestic I want to see one move
a branch those things were pretty picky
look it's moving the branch bird call
here with a crow wanna grow up go that's
a rooster wasn't it
isn't that from Peter Pan can I crow hey
what a cruel sound like now holding that
sound what do birds say cuckoo caca you
know they sound like it's bad I just
wanna know we created that and I want to
go ahead some air horn I'm just gonna
buy an airline I am so sad for you hot
chocolate please
okay you were so annoying no that's it
thank you make some noise holy crap she
was giggling she know I'm sure she was
giggling spent my hot chocolate this is
a germaphobe salut what are you right
now it's kind of is creepy I like to say
that I was in a butterfinger beauties
for sure were you really that I filmed
by myself
she makes worst your eyes is got freaky
what I do that face again you look it
makes your nose do it again beautiful
ani no this is why we need to get that
freaking roof it forget that roof on we
can get all this i would i would never
come in the house I know you get one of
these is amazing okay or even a tiny one
I said we just get this as a fire pit no
why it's all we need I want this Oh
clicks that touch display I already just
touched it I've looked at all these star
wars toys and none of them really happy
a look at this unless she's not on any
of these remember what they said though
they can't is it I want to think that
works with everything near dog who's
trying to explain to me that apparently
if it's a female it's classified as a
doll like I don't know it's the
government or something like that I gets
taxed as I got a doll if it's like a
certain amount of inches and if it moves
a certain amount of things so that's
often why you don't see females and
action bigger forum because they'll just
say is a doll and they'll text it
differently I don't know if I google it
make more sense I'm saying
why doesn't he use his light up choice
life so hard it oh you guys might like
that lightsaber I like it laughs or this
better it's not anything except this
down that's not even her I think it's
like a I think it's like a thing like if
it's like this size too maybe this size
gets taxed differently that's why you
don't see females like this because it
would be a doll not an action figure and
less they're like super tiny like these
things but you still don't see her
anywhere I don't know probably just
watch that entire explanation biking and
a battle for something like this is like
my middle seat away
you guys have no idea how excited Ali is
that we got a new carpet and a runner
we're pretty guys might think that this
we're redecorating we're making this
look good I know yeah it's really
important to me I keep trying to excited
before like Zoe slides everywhere
nature's I can behold it is at cure her
lips and I'm not having anymore and I
don't want her sliding everywhere plus
it's an excuse to decorate their house
because we're doing a terrible job at it
like we're slacking hey it's a lot of
work All Right see how this thing looks
who's making I love my client jokes
is skinny dude can you slide on it all
right my personal Zoey take a giant
surfboard yeah we need to get I think
maybe a wider one what do you think I
like it kind of opens up the room a
little bit more makes a little bit more
bright everything is usually pretty dark
I like dark colors what do you think
Marv you're a camo and Tyson hey buddy
hey pal video bathroom so we're trying
to do that stupid KitKat thing that
corny it was for Kourtney Kardashian
what's showing everyone today how to
properly eat again yeah what's the best
way to need to kick cap it's slow so you
don't eat us much but it's the best we
need it so this is mine owner got
another smaller which doesn't look like
it worked well no no proper I'm doing
this healer should I go to the store and
get a big one yeah i love how hers was
so perfect good oops you don't want to
buy the crunch mmm I got party love
you're supposed to be able to peel them
apart what no don't work I would go I'll
go to the store i'll see if i can get
you can get it nope but i am i gonna
build out a part wait
then you read the bottom part mm-hmm you
say the best for last which is the
middle where's the top part hey
according you're right i was really good
I'll go to the store i'll get regular
ones oh really mark uh yeah anyway guys
hope you enjoy today's video don't
forget to subscribe and we'll see you as
tomorrow's always have a wonderful night
doodles bye guys take a night right now
charger
you
