don't block the other thing else please
why what is it to be the good and I was
with them and they're a huge part of my
songwriting process
what do you stop trusty old Marley got
it
selling tire that up thanks him and I
got a little freaked out because I feel
like I'm getting taller than him
thank see there put it down and see
she's like Kara fight of this really
really I want to put on the most freakin
oh wait who's in our freaking house
security security dogs wouldn't care
you're doing the Homer Simpson right
there you walk back slowly into the bush
yes sokka's here for today surprise
every time I think I stopped growing
shoes the shoes were the ones definitely
issues no Charles ear taller okay oh my
god I'm in there I go excuse that like
four inches on Sophie pointed out in
this rental car there's a camera can
they record you that's a really good
like we should cover that he's just
doing a lot of inappropriate things in
this go like that
that's weird see the eyes big trance
profile photo then he still use freedom
you know yeah that's a sidekick photo
that's a sidekick photo so we were
announcing the new tour surprise right
there right here okay you got it
that's the official a little bit right
there
We The Kings presents from here to Mars
tour We The Kings AJR she is we plus
special guests Elena coats and brother
James presale January 13th we the
music.com we the kings we the music if
you gonna saw my face I'm like oh free
digital copy of Strangelove so yeah guys
go to leave the Kings music calm and
check out all the tour dates you do get
a free copy of the album for
pre-ordering the tickets yeah of course
go follow me to get on Twitter for all
with Kings look at our like this this is
perfect we need you to have a seat sir
so I can interview you there we go
yeah go ahead don't block the other
videos please why what is it to be the
because and I look at them and they're a
huge part of my songwriting process what
do you call it art Kohn giving your
chance to set it up and you fail no you
guys watch this video and crooked this
is why what's going on
it's off maybe it's off the line is
literally going right through your eyes
and it matches the frame behind you
would you like it to not do that
correct correct is that down okay bought
the kids
brought the kids kids
Sophia walking around the diaper bag you
know who's gonna need it well you look
really pretty even though it's not
really fitting you still like so pretty
what are those soldiers that the British
soldiers well the boys are out playing
football and the girls are trying to
stay warm over here stick mommy's not
that bad
it's really not that bad I'm setting a
new trend here we're playing ultimate
frisbee glow-in-the-dark team color
ultimate frisbee yeah wow I wish she was
here now because I don't know what I'm
doing but here I go in jeans and a
sweater Ultimate Frisbee I look like I'm
part of fifth element right now don't I
yeah Michael we're leave you know so it
might be this right that's my pear team
no you have no idea what we're just
gonna keep it easy and guys be on the
same team that's pretty good rule
actually
go buddy go at least I caught mine
what's such a dad thing to say hey we
got to go I got to make some chili I'm
gonna make some vegetarian chili mix it
one more step I'm taking Charles and the
rest of the CTFxC to my favorite spot on
Tuesday it's called tasty Tuesday every
week they rotate out different food
trucks that you can come try in this
back alley behind these bars here you
probably seen this all in Danny's video
already so it's probably yeah Charles
rune idiot what this our first night
even if you haven't seen it you can go
ahead and say yeah Charles your name
big ol Jesse he goes she go she said dot
dog making CTFxC man
hi how are you what's your name Emily
would say hi we've met before heavenly I
can get a crepe I could go to the Korean
barbecue taco box or get a Kona dog I
don't know but that looks kind of yummy
that was yummy and different the only
thing I'm worried about we're not
worried about the only thing I'm like
excited about it's the nitrogen ice
cream I was like 50 degrees that's all I
want I was just thought arguing without
it who else on the internet the only
time you ever drink a milkshake or eat
ice cream is when it's freaking freezing
right it doesn't make sense but it's
only time I ever do it okay it's like 40
degrees go get a milkshake
Jesse I don't think you're supposed to
be out like that you picked for this
you're too big for this you scare them
oh very frightening over there very
frightening so apparently this is where
we need to be right okay wait I got it
over here I've already been here you
described it and my viewers will watch
you to the background describing well
apparently this is ice cream you guys
know what ice cream is and what they do
is I how do you want to explain it okay
no gloves on right now have you gotten
that on you yeah what do you have to do
oh
so you know how like Danny Arabs playing
around over there he conveniently just
walks away
and they're like so you're paying for
both of them and I'm like no I'm not
with them I'm just kidding my own and
they're like no your buddy I'm like
Danny not a parent but he's like looking
at Danny like why'd you leave you with
this little woman sit on the ground sir
we got to do the Disney point la Disney
point no that's the universal point
chalked it up to seen everything now
dude they have a series it's crazy great
on the tail bye Jesse bye bye
so I don't know if you guys have been
living under a rock or not but
apparently the Powerball is that 1.5
billion billion dollars billion billion
and this million billion so we decided
to be you know it'd be fun to just get a
couple tickets just you know just for
fun so let's see this might be the day
guys
we might win the Powerball you know it's
kind of funny it's so complicated
isn't there a box where I can just say
make it for me I guess what you're
saying QP
let's do this for all the ones that we
like
so that would be fine so this ticket in
your hand may be worth 1.5 billion
dollars there Sophie yeah
so these are some winners from this
store $500 $500 there's these the
highest is a thousand it's gonna be a
mug shot of me 1.5 billion right here
guys no
250 good amount of money hey take it oh
yeah do you want to show the numbers or
I can't show the number I feel like that
would be happen thanks again
the guy over here is like you have a
better chance of getting struck by
lightning by the way the guys selling it
taking our money hope you enjoyed
today's video and we will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a wonderful
night
that's all for this that
we're in a
no dry
