Oh II and Marley are both in their
jackets watch this was Zoey she's so
ticklish now yes I was gonna give Zoey
attention no I don't want to get Marley
attention such an asshole watch my name
is scratchy I'm just poking her sweaters
inside out there mark backing up they
got a weird way of playing I've already
mentioned this earlier while I was doing
the garage but my goal in 2016
I guess not really resolution which is
my goal in 2016 is to be more organized
and I have gotten all these cool
shelving units to try to organize our
life a little bit more I was putting
them all together now thing I'm
beginning to be a master of building
these freaking things
today's such a freaking beautiful day we
thought it'd be nice to go to the park
and I haven't gone along a long time I
haven't got to fly the drone because I
was waiting to hear my drone license
because you have to register and license
it so I finally got that taken care of
so maybe now I can actually fly it and
it's actually nice day so it won't rain
everywhere we found a new dog park which
is usually right next to where Warped
Tour is right over there so next Warped
Tour we can come hang out with the pups
hey dude
she's like I don't think so seriously
he's trying to play I know you remember
that's why it
Karen Terry or Jerry and terrier it's
toto really yeah we survive this I love
that the little dog has like no fear
come here my I think I'll go she's got
it down now I know I think you're too
tall - tall your chest
oh hi can you up there oh yourself oh no
all right
tough one come on that one nope you keep
doing the bottom one we're impressed
that she's doing that one at least here
oh I think this is my trick hey buddy
all right
good dog ignore me
don't go back anymore okay my my to this
day there's still the antisocial dogs
that rather play in the corner by
themself then play with all the happy
dogs Marley looking for squirrels that's
all she wants to play with cause there
you go play with the dogs
she's shaking cos she's cold sprite cold
a while ago when I came out and fed all
the squirrels
these are those squirrels have no fear
in the world they don't they've never
met him Marley they haven't met Marley
yet shoulda brought some bread or
something I got at least fed him do you
guys see the twitches it's cuz it's
right over there she sees like four
squirrels in her mind if there was a
animation or depiction her brain would
just be exploding
she's like why why is this thing getting
so close a squirrel
I squirrel you want some water look
you're gonna know we're near that thing
since we've plopped our asses down here
we've seen a helicopter and a plane go
by so I'm not risking it I want to go
somewhere else maybe down there
apparently it's not a red zone so maybe
we go all the way down there I can
actually fly it all right that's all for
resetting their password looks like
you're pooping we're obviously us and
was in a restricted area boys house
we're gonna try maybe doing the
trampoline and you know why I say you're
having a bad day today Marley do you
having a bad day come on Zoey
he's always smart we're trying to teach
Marley to not walk in the middle of
things
she's got a bad day she's slipping in
her little tube running into screens
you
you still trying to figure out how to do
all the points he's gonna hit the tree
mr. trick
my hands like laughing realized
we're gonna give the girls a little bit
of a Papageno that one came running it's
like a little bill just a little bit I
thought you guys get I don't know if you
guys noticed in that clip how Ally I
think hurt her backs jumping on the
trampoline she's falling apart so I
thought it'd be nice to me to go you
know cook dinner so that way so I wanted
to be really super nice good boyfriend
you know cook dinner she usually does
all that stuff he's a better cook they
need I'm not sure if Hart told you guys
that but we're having like a special
guest I see this room ready because
charges not do those things he does not
do those things because the way that he
puts things here okay I have a little
bit of a pet peeve when the beds not
made but my finger pet peeve it's when
the bed isn't made nicely like just like
thrown together that works me I'd rather
be like all messed up and looking like
crap then half-assed I'm gonna do it
even though I know the individual that's
coming tomorrow is not really gonna care
at all but I still care and it still
bothers knees and good news char is
actually gonna cook me dinner tonight
cuz it might not seem like it but I hurt
my neck my back the other day and I tend
to kind of have those problems cuz I had
car accidents and just my body it just
hates me sometimes he's trying to do
something really nice for me tonight and
make dinner was just really really
really sweet of him and I'm super
excited about it so so I got a bunch of
nice and healthy stuff I got apple juice
Malcolm concentrate I got some healthy
butter I got some unrefined coconut oil
almond milk yeah mmm I got a that's a
pizza never mind the pie
they bought a pie it has no sugar in
this one no added sugar so it's only got
the sugar from the fruit that organic
organic pasta sauce Organic cream cheese
crunchies choko choko I'm not speaking
correctly at all got some hot choco ever
since the egg disaster of yesterday you
guys have told us and I've done some
research apparently a raw egg with dog
food is really good for the coats in
their digestive system yes out of that
failure that was me I don't know it's
definitely not a failure
I definitely exploded an egg and I
crushed an egg with my sheer might in my
power with that we have now discovered
something good for the twerps
she's quivering saying I want an egg so
bad
ah just watch your eyes
and she's out
what do you want desperately wanted
outside now you want back inside she's
becoming an asshole today I hope you
enjoyed today's video don't forget to
the brand new shirt and the brand new
hoodie is out now so go check those out
CTFxC merch calm have a great night guys
