good morning Internet so good morning
well afternoon gonna give you an
Internet hope you guys enjoyed yesterday
I know it's kind of weird and crazy and
all over the place but it was definitely
fun having my dad and Linda over and my
mom and Phyllis so we actually made the
best of last night and it was it was
really a good good day yesterday
considering being really crappy weather
out I have we've definitely had a good
time maybe we should look at this you
can grow your own catnip you know who
likes catnip Zoe Zoe loves catnip
she loves cat toys we should try to do
this when it's not so cold try to do a
little like garden
I'd love to really see we should get
something nice like that I like this but
I also like that's kind of cool that's
like a book it's like a cauldron of fire
don't you think about something like
this okay that wasn't on a camera and
what we could do is we could put the
fire pit right here we can converse your
conversations over all the time but you
can't kill this thing by the way guys
are freaking our Venus flytrap is dead
it died it just committed committed sect
aside a Lorax and a what are they called
relax tree what are those called those
things in dr. Seuss that The Lorax lives
in called pink powder puffs that's cool
I like the pink powder puff where does
your head run into me looks like he's
driving one just like it's chilling
simple things guys I remember as a kid
there were two things that I always
wanted to try
I just never I don't know why I never
got around to doing it the first one I
always wanted to be able to rip a phone
book in half now there's no such thing
as a phone book I can never try that
again unless I find a phone book which
is why it even more I tried it it's
impossible no Mel not almond milk almond
milk what it is you put a egg in the
center of your hand like this and then
you can't physically break it and that's
what I want to test today
all right so that's it
I should say I should try to crack your
egg and see if it'll explode I swear
I'll go first I'll go first I say I said
I should crack it so you would explode
all right you wanna go first no you're
going further okay go to me fixer your
palm and like that and you're supposed
to try to squeeze it I can't tell if
you're actually trying to squeeze how do
I know if you're actually trying to
legit like look at my feel at home no
not much kill the head wait I'm all my
mic right now like seriously all my
might and I can't do it my left hand my
left hand stronger Marlee don't kill
anything just in case I'm strong okay
he's kidding me
that
I'm scared try it I'm so afraid for
something Wow see high kick Wow
I don't know why it's like guess well
that chick is sitting on it are you know
rings rings are cheating oh my god isn't
that weird I can't do it
yeah you're really tensed up Really
Trying look it what's he gonna do it is
this what she'll do it the wild she'll
steal somebody's egg can make her like I
don't think that's right jumping up no
she's not eating it's just trying to get
it right now look at it
little thief can't you do I got it so
crazy
you're in the danger zone just a cape I
can't say what's the big oh my god
marlis got a freaking thirst for eggs
now you have like this crazy thirst now
it's like oh my god give it to me give
it to me give it to me oh my god whoever
stole does that mean I'm really strong
when I was in Malaysia had eat that duck
egg I can't believe I just did that
turn your head the other way right or
left right there stay am i driving what
is this oh yeah I get to tell though
it's on her face she's going for the
source down the freakin wall guys oh my
gosh it's all over and it's all over you
yeah I got help sick oh boy oh boy oh
boy oh boy
she's that crazy ass going on
it's our ear that was the worst idea
ever
I don't know if I'm happy that means I'm
like stronger than most people so I was
able to do that bending up thing most
people can't do and I was able to crack
an egg with my hand Wow ladies hey y'all
better now
did you bark enough does he know who's
boss now apparently it's possible to
crack an egg in the palm of your hand I
mean I don't know if I'm impressed or
I'm just like okay well I thought that
was gonna happen anyways but so I guess
it's shocking because the first couple
of times I would try it out we couldn't
get it go to your your kitchen put it
leh it's like was it a horizontally
horizontally like open your palm and
remember it's like dips down like
horizontally wrap your fingers around it
and try it go outside try to squeeze
yeah do not do not do it inside or do it
if you want I bet people that they can't
do it like a party a party trick or
something that we gotta go something dad
I'll show you my dad to do it it's all
in your hair you should go take a shower
we're gonna try my dad and see if he has
the power that I do
can't do it Kenya we're trying to feel
now that was that supposed to happen
I'm happy for you but I'm so sorry
nobody can do that
what do you do no miss me today's the
first time I cracked an egg on myself
and been called man-mountain campus
oh my and my uncle here they disappeared
I feel so bad cuz we were like what Ali
and myself are like you can't do it my
dad's like you can't do it that Phil
just goes what what do we think you had
a human stepping on your back to fix
your problem well Internet I just want
to remind you guys that today right now
the brand new hoodie and the brand new
t-shirt are now available as you can see
on the screen so go to CTFxC merch calm
and go get yours myself and fillers I'm
real strong as men because we were
breaking eggs or just our hands try it
and let us know on Twitter I bet you you
guys can't do it
I only quit the yellow card game anyway
guys hope you enjoyed today's video
have a great night doodles go check out
the shirts egg the lead
worse than what's gonna happen here
yeah
