good morning guys today I think is going
to be one of the coolest most amazing
fun videos that we probably done or
probably will ever do so take it away
staples reach out to us promote their
mission of helping the world work better
and we realized they were the perfect
partner to assist her favorite local pet
shelter in clinic in need my family dog
and pull my mom's dog Lola was actually
adopted from here oh and here's another
little fun fact that's where our wedding
reception was which is right next to it
a few months ago Hurricane Emma affected
Florida and a lot of local businesses
are destroyed and we had the opportunity
to work together with not only faithfuls
but with pet pal and we have a really
awesome surprise for them at the end of
this so I can't tell you guys yeah it's
kind of a surprise for you too I don't
know I'm like I'm all giddy about this
because I love being able to help people
and especially animals
so this is the little escape artists
right here this is like the baby Rico oh
hi how are you
what they do is they let the animals run
around like little spaces like this so
they're not always in cages and stuff so
and they alternate all the cats so we
met up with Gracie and she's like I said
she's our inside woman and she's gonna
show us around is this spunky huh
and he guess why she might be called
spunky no idea right one of the most
amazing things Gracie was just saying
that every day they get walked you have
dog walkers that can help and everything
been coming for years and come in days
like when Hurricane Emma actually came
through what were some of the things
that you guys went through when that
happened but prior to it actually
hitting us and no one knowing what to do
it was a lot of panic and we were I mean
I came in and volunteer two days in a
row just to answer the phone oh wow
people were panicking they didn't know
what to do with their pets they didn't
know pets really motels where can I go
and leave my animal for the water for
boarding and there really wasn't a lot
of resources out there okay yeah we it
was really important to answer the
phones and just imagine right it was
very stressful
huh then when it hit we really just
experienced just shut it down
and keep everybody safe the community
was so awesome
their own stashes of bottled water Wow
some people brought my generators a
surprise that we really needed but again
we didn't want to like expand our right
right exactly yeah interesting nice
weird yin and yang weird tiny shelter
but you see any animals we have right
right exactly
drop and run basically a lot of people
are panicking because they didn't know
like you stand someone even brought in a
couch they like all right but yeah we
had some abandoned meant dogs and cats
right people were panicking so much that
they were just leaving their animal and
the cool thing about you guys is that
what was the phrase that you guys said
what kind of shelter you guys are they
have no lease so they basically can stay
forever until they're actually adopted
well take care of them and get whatever
health seats needed to keep them happy
and healthy my dogs were adopted from a
rescue shelter Allie's dogs diesel
Lola's from pet pal there are all
rescues so we obviously are huge
advocates for animal rescues and that's
kind of like why we wanted to come here
because everyone was affected by the
hurricane and I was really interested to
see how animal shelters were affected
nice guy enjoy your walk Wow is that all
the food
yeah I love how like most of the animals
are just walking around chillin
you
yeah visually impaired and dance see she
kept - you only see like certain oh good
girl
and she beautiful oh she's I just gave
her a bath - she's gorgeous they all
have these big spacious areas but then
here's the other part like we just saw
you inside they get to go through the
doggy door and they get to come outside
any time they want
get some Sun just hang out you have a
new friend their bed hey puppy
we saw you inside you're very sweet but
I just love places like this I'm so glad
they exist I'm so happy we are able to
do this and come here I already
explained that what's going on in the
view he knows their secret ok just don't
tell anyone that year oh you have a dog
trainer comes in
that's amazing
I kind of goes beyond it goes yeah it
goes beyond normally think of a shelter
or clinic or something like that people
to see them in cages and that's what
they always it doing you guys go above
and beyond the whole situation
yeah exactly
hey Benji hey bean so this is being
super super overweight you went through
a little transformation I think she was
the one I was playing with inside yeah
yeah exactly you get your vaccines be
nice and healthy there we go okay so you
guys do that all in house like that
that's amazing but this is the side
where any of the sick dogs can still
come out and enjoy a nice breezy day
what would help make this place run
better or just help you guys in general
to help these animals to help you guys
to keep this going Kirkland it helps us
a lot with the funding anything that's
regular donations just like supplies and
things like that right right and then
you guys all take care of that that's
that's amazing there's a lot of this
foods very much donated from other
people because if we want to keep them
on the same exact one when it's donated
it switches and then the food and
containers would be a amazing thing to
have okay Gracie was awesome thank you
so much for showing us around thank you
to all your thank you guys appreciate it
guys are doing awesome stuff thank you
guys go check out cat cow and other in
st. Pete this is an amazing place right
in front of the Maureen Center for clay
where Allie and I got me I was
particularly taking notes I don't know
if you guys hear what I was saying to
them or asking her without them but
hopefully knowing I want to tip them off
but just like little things like you
know monitors the container Tanners but
one big thing that really stuck out to
us was the fact that you know they don't
they're not spending money on things
that they necessarily need like office
supplies things to help them PrinterOn
and run better paper for scanners to
print out the real adoption papers
things of that sort that was the main
thing that stuck out was that they don't
do a lot of paper flyers because they
can't afford it expensive but so what
we're going to do is we're going to go
grab some things
this is me actually we're going right
now to pick up some stuff for pet pal at
Staples and we're gonna see if we can
find a bunch of stuff yes exactly
we're gonna see if we can find a bunch
of stuff some capers some containers
monitors printers scanners obviously you
can never have enough paper for the
adoption papers so I think we're gonna
get a bunch of paper definitely gonna
get them some new chairs I know they
need scanners a lot of stuff has to do
with making sure that we can get these
dogs docket
all right thank you guys so much thank
you want to say thank you guys for doing
what you're doing we truly hope this
stuff helps you guys and financial home
yeah
alright guys well as I said this is
probably one of my most favorite videos
we got to do not get to be a part of not
only was it at a place you know that
rescues animals we love animals but the
fact that they distrito animals what she
said there's a no lease agreement so
they stay there yeah so they stay there
until they find a home and I think
that's amazing and I have to tell you
you know there's only so many employees
but there's so many volunteers and they
all are so knowledgeable about
everything that comes with this business
right animals how to treat them
everything and it's just there's so much
love in that place exactly literally
give all their time and efforts these
animals and I think that they this they
are more than deserving like this right
that honestly it was the best
sponsorship I've ever done in my life
not only did we just help a bunch of
animals but we help the business help a
bunch of animals
so I think that was amazing I want to
say good night you guys actually a good
day because the Sun still up have a
great night and don't forget to
subscribe go check out pet pal by the
way I'll follow their information in
description don't forget adopt please
adopt from your local shelter there's so
many dogs and ones out there that need a
home a forever home and we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always good night hello
holidays we are just absolutely floored
by the amount of supplies and everything
that we got oh yes we just really wanted
to stop and just bang wait
did we really thank them oh no
completely
of course I'm so happy that you guys are
able to use that stuff and find those
animals some homes for everyone so thank
you so much we really appreciate it with
so grateful
