hello 1 2 3 wait a second Melissa boy
Marley oh my god you say I'm just like
Melissa there's it blew my mind
use of goggles
Zoe are you drunk over there
it's actually beautiful ah but look at
that you can see like the sermon cloud
right there it's wet right now Oh does
say that
my early career can go in the water
Marley is trying to go get Ally but
realizes there's a sign that she's
actually obeying that's not the only
things with Marley she's been a really
really awesome well-behaved dog or just
a really really bad dog the fact that
she's not going it's so funny she keeps
looking back
it's winter it is January and we're at
the beach right now in shorts and short
sleeves regularly nice and Sandy I don't
even know where Ali was she was like
running Marley was standing over here
waiting for you she couldn't come she
read the sign you're right very literate
rub it in make sure you get it in there
good I knew this was gonna happen yeah
get it in there get that fish guts all
in there now we're done what is it
there's nothing anything there everyone
passed out oh you don't say
I'm glad I was warned I was out there
trying to get the sand off my feet
and my shoes and all of a sudden I heard
a giant explosion it was a transformer
and I look back at the house all the
power's out so this is what happens when
you try to do a family dinner dinner
gathering you bust out the candles and
have milk electricity wasn't gonna be
fun
thank God the iPhone has a frickin
flashlight on it a lot of places in
Florida don't have gas like first stoves
they have everything pretty much
electric no I'm good right now so we
were thinking maybe we still got to cook
but unfortunately this is a collect Rick
gray oh I mean electric stove and then
the group huh
well don't prep yet yeah number two
meaning and we were playing out grilling
Botox that'll have that new hang that
overpass thing that we're talking about
what I honestly I heard that transformer
explode I think that I think without no
power till the evening tonight we just
noticed something our neighbors both
have power on
sorry switch the mainboard they keep
telling me that there's a switch by the
meter but I don't think that's pure
because I've never heard of that
probable look I'd be so stupid like
let's put an electric switch outside
where propensity draining no there's
nothing here and the meter seems to be
turned off tell you a scary story that's
not a scary story
I'm losing my mind we suffer we get the
house and I hated it and he used to talk
randomly at night so I used to go to
Caitlyn and I'd be like blow and I would
do that laughs the worst Zoey are you
scared you creeped me out
you're freaking out Zoey
so I want to see if I can find that
transformer then exploded what as
probably cuz I did it I went to the main
breaker and I flipped the giant switch
on the transformer I just it was a giant
transformer and turn off and on and I
just switched it on yeah I think turned
on the power for the entire neighborhood
I'm just kidding I did find as much
people working on stuff right now I'm
gonna go figure it out don't worry baby
I'll flip it back on alright love you
bye
Holly she's so cute and so gullible I
felt really guilty because the playoffs
are going on because I obviously know
that and Bill really wanted to see them
so we figured a way to watch the
playoffs for free or enough for free or
through like some application they have
been back here
that's like sorcery the force
but you looking for and you're just
sitting here watching Barney you are
watching the NFL football game we're
having dinner on my house there's Linda
my dad and jar my mom's somewhere over
there and stuff that Phil and Melissa
are actually making something in the
what pressure in the pressure cooker
we're gonna have like charm over so
we're gonna do it again when I do this a
lot more so we're just act like a little
kind of barbecue ish thing there's my
mom
Linda's been playing with this for
probably 10 minutes now I love you guys
did the bother talking to him not a
shock and literally a shocking pen the
desert in the delicious meal look at all
the ladies we're all sitting here just
watching we're like char char walks
through he actually walked out of the
garage and he's literally like stop
right there because he saw it I was like
community refrigerator
yeah so you're doing a handwriting so
apparently when pranks happen don't give
Ally a camera because I was mesmerized
by that and I wasn't gonna take on the
pin you see me go on like that the whole
time I know
and he's not happy with these bags while
mrs. epic thing thank you lower your
back with straight 1/2 feet then one
more put your hands on the chair okay I
think that what you do next
we're not doing anything it's not a
prank
see that was gonna be worse than what's
gonna happen here that's good yeah
that's right I'll see what happens is he
guys that doesn't work see I told just
really nothing trying there's no way to
turn off we didn't know if we were gonna
actually get to have everyone over
unfortunately dad had to work so we're
going to probably meet up with him
tomorrow anyway
don't forget to subscribe guys have a
great night
