damnit she figured it out I had it
balancing on her head earlier had no
idea that you can smart yo Thank You
weird feeling look like a seizure what
it was like this weird like anxiety
feeling it was like my left hand was
like not moving it was like almost like
I couldn't control my left arm
it was weird like it was the same
feeling but I thought it's something
where you didn't have like I'm sure you
didn't eat enough because I didn't have
dinner no because we ate earlier that
I'm so I think that your body's like
shaking
we were watching the movie and then all
of a sudden like I just got this really
like like waft I guess like a breeze if
you will don't know if it was like
anxiety because I don't really suffer
for any like I think I hear anything
like that but it's really strange
because it just came and went and then
all of a sudden it was gone it was like
there and then going so at first I
thought it was gonna be like a seizure
but obviously the good news is didn't
have one still not having one so I'm
really excited about that if this was
one or the precursor of one the only
thing I take away that was a bit about
this whole situation is that I was able
to catch it which I'm normally not able
to and stop it maybe I'm getting the
powers to stop teasing
okay he's really quick here there is oh
my god did I not step on it doesn't work
FLARP I think this is the name of
nobodies look at the name of this
company all right that one's working
maybe now that goes ah it's not gonna go
just just smell it it's the Stig bag not
supposed to be that far I guess so you
know smart okay
smell it no okay see what this is
nothing wrong with it please oh it's
connected to the car already did you do
that
I was I connected the car oh my gosh
sounds like my name is Charles Trippy my
followers eight one three and I am
recording a message for you because my
little sister is a nincompoop and a
dingus and doesn't answer her phone
dudu hit big doodoo head how the real
classic American phone call goes between
a brother and a sister that's how I
always talk to my sister yesterday I
showed you guys the new shirt that will
be coming out this Monday on the 11th
but I forgot to mention as well that
we're gonna be releasing the hoodie in
the same design the same day so for
example let me show you guys so we're
gonna have it in hoodie form as well as
the t-shirt form same day I want to try
something different this year in 2016 I
want to make a bunch of shirts I want to
try to make a new shirt every month or
every other month or something like that
and I want to make every shirt limited
you said you know 90% of the shirts come
from C to F X yours make these designs
and that way that a good idea that way
we can kind of have new interesting
things coming out maybe more consistency
yeah but here's another thought too so
let's just say it's consistent
yeah no socks no problem so I'm
searching for a pair of Sundberg
we're gonna be going out of town I ain't
coming to the dark side I always make
him come for my dark side
Charles
Wow
these are high tops no these are all the
tops Wow
love it
I'm gonna hurt you the stars align right
there for you
yep well I think girls and Chuck's this
looks there's a cot it works on girls
girls
we're in chucks you guys cut their feet
off away from him they look good on you
they look good with that other shoe - I
think she wear both those shoes at the
same time does she get another funky
color I like the red too
they're red school they have these new
Chuck Taylors Devils padding in it now I
kind of feel like that's cheating a
little bit the whole point of a Chuck
Taylor is to endure the pain from the
classics right here where there's
nothing in it
and so they rip and they're super cool
actually the RIP in the painting is
dropped by earlier I know you wanted to
apply some lasagna and um we kind of ran
out of poison so what we did is we just
kind of we ruined a little bit of extra
meat that we had just laying around but
don't worry it's the freshest roadkill
that we've had all week okay we got it
on Monday it's only what dare I say okay
so super fresh so it's a possum and a
mix of other meats in your lasagna but
you know we closed in about an hour so
if you want to drop by the roadkill cafe
where you kill him and we grill up it'll
be ready to go for your party later okay
bye
Louis refuses the answerphone or we're
playing serious phone tag right now so
we keep messing with her yes where you
kill him when we guerrilla your weirdo
so I'm I'm proud of this shirt my mom
bought over this shirt when I was a kid
and apparently she thought it was gonna
fit me I don't know
barely fits me the shirts actually 26
years old can you believe that perfect
babe I get those grandma pants up there
you go but yeah my mom brought this over
and wait that's weird and she's like hey
you want the shirt back and like thanks
mom
I think she even cropped it for me so I
don't know what the heck I think one of
those shears those scissors or something
like that I think if it's morally better
than if it's both of us really you got a
steak mom good find but where the hell
did you find that Zoey
bringing over my kids all right this is
really coming into it this is a weird
video right yeah oh my god you happy mom
hey 26 years old so how 1990 how old
would have been 84 six other than six
years old it's my old six year old shirt
let's see oh tight that is on you
my muscles are making it very difficult
don't rip that really nice shirt
this is a great I'll show you how small
this thing is this is how tiny it'll
probably barely fit mine it's sad that
barely fits Marley
nice shirt there Marv get the
screenshots guys you know that's
cheating I was bringing her away to a
safe zone and you have to bring out the
tree yeah everyone could her tail she's
got like a weird little dot on her tail
did you ever notice that all right there
yeah she's just like forget this this
nope nope not for that's the only way we
can get that thing right you have a
toothache take it off sorry take it off
you're gonna do when your side of Pete
do the thing that spider pain you don't
need to say it anymore CSS like I read
all of it don't you have fun and do your
podcast so depending hey why don't you
go do something useful fourth time
I've never heard so many snorts come out
of you you know what this reminds me of
Bigfoot though it's just ten now yeah
when a laser comes out she acts like
she's for the island all Zoey goes to
the source she knows where it's at now
don't you fight her feet hope you
enjoyed today's video don't forget to
subscribe and we'll see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
that
me
so you're of no offense and Marley is a
drone gone through pork is your way I
might be storm system
