good afternoon or morning or whatever
you watch this or evening
I don't know that mean for us right
the parts are funny
if a baby laughs attitude it's funny cuz
it's so primitive but it's a gross fart
wasn't funny
I just don't prefer them in my area just
don't worry those weren't real supposed
to make you want to buy the car more
that's spinning its spinning look at
that car speaking of new cars or getting
a new car today guys we got to tell them
about that
so next clip we'll probably be in the
new car just a second
well guys there's our new car it's fancy
I can't keep my freakin seat up and
there it is
you got it this is how we roll I'm just
gonna lay back here and ride dirty what
really happened obviously I'm sure you
guys can figure this out is that we're
trying to get our car repaired and this
is our rental car see we've had gas
miles now we've got the way for our poor
car deity name yeah
jeez this is a hybrid 49 miles per
gallon
our new car we're driving
Oh Charlie it's roomy look you can
accelerate its cruise control it's been
one of those really really gloomy
freakin days I think what's gonna end up
happening as tomorrow's gonna be another
freaking cold day Florida always works
that way and pores pores pores hate me I
got a fire pit oh by the way sweet in
the fire pit we had a guy come over
today about potentially since the pool
situation might not work because of the
yard we were thinking about maybe doing
like a nice screened-in porch or patio
or we lose our entire yard yard and that
was the purpose and so we're kind of
we're putting a little like time marker
a pause button on that we're thinking
about other ideas and one of the other
ideas we came up with was maybe doing
like a extending the back of the house
to make like this cool little Sun area
or like a porch but like porch with
glass like super nice we're thinking
about doing that and we're toying with a
bunch of things right now
he's still singing right there
look at Santa he's trying to go back to
the North Pole Santa Mike you're going
the wrong way yet are we going south
we're going north
yeah he's going north to pick up my
favorite little place on fire offensive
for British people but this is part of
the best British food I've ever had
fresh food that I've ever had for this
visitor British progress bar every time
I'm totally not a fan unless there's a
Nando's then I'm a fan
what more so what I was talking about is
that the guy said we could do like a
little roof that would go over here and
kind of come over to here and that we
could what we could do I don't know if
you guys have any opinions you could let
us know it would go from here to here
and the roof would kind of stop about
here and then that way we have a roof
here and then this way we open so if we
wanted to have I got you know a fire pit
eventually or you know when we grill and
shut up how many times it took us to put
this up how many failed attempts how
many different let's say to use and now
there's the possibility of it coming
down oh the lights really bad that's
probably why you didn't want to do this
to begin with like yeah anyway so I was
saying was and then what the two options
are that we could just have the roof and
this would be exposed we have a nice
overhang or what we could do is these
are two more ideas that we could do it's
screened in which we don't really kind
of think that would be kind of nice but
they said that there's a way of doing
things like where there's like this a
glass like insulated it's a lot
insulated glass so that way we could
essentially extend the house this much
further out and we could just have the
doors open all the time and this would
just be another part of the room
yeah so I don't know what do you guys
think should we just extend this with
another room or should we just kind of
make it like a overhang
kind of a whole crew she just doesn't
hat we get the hose you hit me with a
dirty bruised broom shut up and tired
what are you doing yeah that's beautiful
so when the rock is here we were trying
to figure out the best way to transport
everything so this is gonna be my new
little base rig so it's gonna have my
stands amp pedal my tuner and we're
gonna have a backup stands on pedal so
everything I do for shows will be in
this little guy now no dark and I were
talking about I wanted to get with those
aluminum ones you know like the cliche
you know bad guy thing whereas like
looks like you have to handcuff it but I
feel like traveling overseas like for
Australia and stuff like this this
probably the smartest one and it's a
silver so that's cool today's been a
very very dreary dreary day it's kind of
like overcast it's like that misty kind
of rain it hasn't really actually been
down pouring or anything of that sort
I've actually taken out the little
little little car our quote-unquote new
car for the next couple of days I have
to go and get two very special people
some gifts because their birthdays are
coming up one of them is stepdad Phil
and the other person it's my mom I kind
of wanted to do something a little bit
more special for her this year it's
gonna be something I have to kind of uh
keep hush-hush on the vlogs a little bit
but I'll show you little things here and
there so right now we are still trying
to find carpets to put into the house
and I am always so prone to like the
lighter colored ones like this is the
one I really really want to get because
it's super soft and it's kind of like a
very carpet but first telling me it's a
really really bad idea so I'm gonna
trust him on this one I have this idea
in my head of what I want to do for my
mom's birthday I thought that maybe I
would be able to go into both t.j.maxx
cuz that's like my favorite place in the
whole wide world I'm a bargain shopper
like nobody's business not that I'm
saying that I'm bargain dropping for my
mom's birthday but I went in there with
this plan of getting a particular object
they did not have it see I'm so free cuz
I'm all watches a vlog I can't really
tell you too much today has been one of
those kind of behind-the-scenes days
where I got a lot of stuff actually done
off camera but you got to do it every
once in a while I got it done
you know like super exciting things like
paying bills making appointments being
on hold like 30 minutes for example
remember how I had you guys voting for
the new t-shirt design well we got a
clear winner on that one I think was
like 76 to 24% hey let me show you this
one right here is the one you guys voted
for the 16th this Monday at CTFxC Merce
calm the new shirt will be available
this is the one you guys picked which is
funny cuz it's like the first time in a
long time that I was actually looking
forward to a Monday what's really fun
about the chair is not only did you guys
choose which one we're gonna actually
print but it was actually designed by
CTFxC her name is Maggie she's from draw
with Maggie I'll put all our information
in the description below so you can
check her out what's fun and I think
really cool is that I think probably 80
or 90% of our merch that we actually
make for you guys are actually made by
other CGI like Sears and to me I think
that's like the coolest thing versus
like outsourcing it to some company that
has like no attachment to our souther
community I can save it so far I'm
feeling up
and finding a gift for my mother so
Charles seems like a little down on the
dump I don't know why you just you know
sometimes things get to him and he
doesn't really like to talk about it but
you know I can tell when he's not really
like up to par and feeling his best so I
got him a little gift and I'm not gonna
show it to you until I show it to him I
think he's gonna like it a lot hopefully
it'll cheer him up Charles thanks for
locking me out you silly it's very
stressful and I wouldn't show the
internet until I showed up back up a
little bit I'm not gonna prank you you
think somewhere bring it no I'm not
gonna break you I swear to god I'll take
something slow drive people clothes
thats awesome cuz I'll see you see
everything I figured I put up my bunny
one thing we've blessed Star Wars and I
was gonna get you the mask but we came
with a mask
no didn't come with a mask you know
Charles you could put one leg in at a
time that way it works for you it's
hugging here your manhood you're hiding
your cake though not really yet you're
hiding your cape
so your Zoey FET and Marley you're just
a drones stormtrooper because your white
knight the stormtrooper Marley now
attack you as well are now a
stormtrooper I'm pretending like I know
everything about that was when I don't
you will subscribe you will see me
tomorrow toodles
Wow appropriate
