you're doing that very close to all the
other fireworks
like the but I don't know if you guys
knew that that's why you shake with the
right hand and your left hand was full
of poop not not now but I mean like you
wash your hands obviously
right just the right hang yeah super
setup just swiped it with the right hand
and swiped it down on the right hand and
then shilling
I had no idea while we're on this topic
I was turning the camera on to say we're
gonna get some equipment for the back in
the house son equipment furniture for
the back of the house
when girls have a rubber Bisbal some of
the prettiest woman in the world burp
publicly and I love them
you know it's funny what your face I'm
not sure you like yeah but that's cool
we're here IQ so many red cars look at
Ali being a good person allowing that
person to park so many
I'm just super
I'd be what stop
what you guys do not see is that all
this is a retaliation from what she's
done earlier yes you've done nothing
today
he's so funny she's so indecisive with
color schemes this is what I do if she
doesn't pick one I get to make a
decision and you do not want a pink
pillow this is where we can get if you
don't like a decision all these foods
became there's plenty of them works all
the time some of the time I think Billy
would love it Zoey would just be like
back in the old days of the blog she was
already first learned about the laser
just staring at a wall like four hours
it's a new year guys that means our
little book club is continuing thank you
so much to audible for sponsoring this
year for the CTFxC you guys did not know
audible is an amazing website slash
application that you can stream on your
phone your tablets anything like that
and you can listen to books thank in
audio form so for example like Ali and I
are like right now we got che in Gavin's
new book on audible so we're listening
to them and want to play a little bit
it's really amazing actually okay I'm
gonna play a little bit of a sample with
dessert it's really hot because after
dinner you want something sweet or at
least I do
so there's Gavin I just have a big glass
of water sugar water I feel like I
transitioned a freaking deejay right
there that was never happen again it's
crazy how quickly the first few days
have gone by but Shea you always take it
to the extreme that's how the commoners
sound in my head how about some
moderation
so for our next audiobook I want you
guys to go get Shane Gavin's fat dad fat
kid book you can give it for free go
listen to it go support you know some
awesome people
a good book especially if you guys are
motivated to lose some weight
it's really cool to like give the
perspective of a child or younger adult
and both during this like new venture
which is to get healthy so I think it's
great kind of grew up with Gavin you
only mean like I do that little like I
remember we were this big kind of thing
now with his children so make sure you
go get it go to audible.com says CTFxC
again audible is one of my favorite
sponsors of the CTFxC it's great for
situations like when Allie and I are
stuck in traffic perfect time right
I always forget to tell you guys some of
the cool features that are inaudible if
you guys didn't know is that you could
slow down the reading or speed it up cuz
you know I talk fast
if you want to listen to a book a little
bit faster and one of my favorite things
is they're great listen guarantee so
let's say you like listening to or
reading a book that you don't like you
can exchange it for another book and
there's no questions asked you can just
do it I promise it won't be with Shay
and Gavin's new book though so make sure
you go check it out guys audible.com
slash CTFxC I promise you'll love it
Holly and I were super excited we've got
a runner finally for the the hallway
hold on let me just show you this that's
what they call a runner it's as long as
the diesel is as long as that quote
unquote runner does that's complete crap
they're all like can we go please char
do you feel manly like there's too many
things to look at I'm not cool this
leave the duck solo right now we're
going to garden strategy on how to walk
these three dogs and a wagon all the
same time and everything that we're
doing is not working very well
marlee just got out so you just got out
she's very funny I'm sorry I'm going
this is too funny too funny not the cow
sorry she's back in the wagon I think
you made a fine choice by getting back
in the wagon I'm a little jealous of you
right now
not quite the Radio Flyer that we all
knew when we grew up but still we're
talking about we were looking for a
Radio Flyer but this movie ended up with
I wonder because I remember like turning
it like you know pulling the thing up
and going down hills and using the
scooter but they don't make them anymore
I think probably cuz they're just like
so much the paint or date what are you
doing just like I just want to get out
oh good job sit down Zoe you sit down
pretty girl sit down
carrying it the hug and a wagon blinking
lights and dog and a sweater yes you're
very manly
sit down cow Moos I'm sorry God so nerd'
Rahman was here and I were gonna do
these when he was here but we completely
forgot and all the craziness they
reminded me so graciously that I have
all of these fireworks so you got to do
them before they go bad
okay you know I thought that we could
make all the children in the
neighborhood the children are probably
to come out and hang out like it was
I'll be considered I'll get this the
clock quiet ones get the jitterbug
jitterbug sounds quiet and these are
awesome because these are little racing
cars what about a June bug emit showers
of sparks they also say that
oh my god
these literally no joke are the quietest
fireworks I've ever had my entire life
you're doing that very close to all the
other fireworks execute that box away
know right where you're at honey yeah
kids don't learn
over and over again you know what the
difference between this and this is
nothing that's exactly what it is used
if I oversee at warm
I like how you we were all concerned
about waking up our neighbors and we're
louder than these things are well for 10
bucks I guess I deserve it yeah a little
June bug is really showing your
masculinity you're strong forever ever
do this at home this is like the lane
here I think everything is timing
naturally
Wow inappropriate
all right this is gonna be our last one
I like the sound of this one pyro fan
caution emits showers of Sparks and a
super duper lame this might be good it's
exclusive to what exclusive to where
wet everything down make sure there are
no amber sore anything like that I may
be stupid but I'm definitely not insane
do you think do they still have smoky -
there is he still thing
well internet didn't blow my hand off
hope you guys enjoyed today's video
don't forget to click little subscribe
button and I will see you guys tomorrow
as always have a great night
see you guys
Oh
