well you can put a smile on your face
make the world a better place
good morning Internet it is 6:00 in the
morning and I'm going to get my head
checked
it is now my every three months got to
get an MRI we're going somewhere new a
little bit closer so that way we will
have to travel so much it's still
freakin early
I am currently editing the vlog to make
sure that this is all up in time cuz I
don't like late blog and what I'm
getting my brain all scanned and all
that fancy stuff Ali is going to edit
and make it nice and pretty you make
sure I don't do double clips in my crazy
nature and tired nature anyway so yeah
that's what I'm doing right now to be
honest every single time I always freak
myself i overthink things and i freak
myself out I know everything's gonna be
great if not amazing and yeah so that's
what I got to do today and really really
hoping for the go-ahead of not being
able to be on chemo for a whole 2016
that's really gonna that's really gonna
like set my mood for 2016 if you're like
I saw I'm really really really hoping
for great news on that one
it'll just kill the camera all right
well we're just gonna step outside this
okay Alice been waiting for cold weather
now she's being a big old wimp about it
where my new love the jacket
we're vacuum like that's why I have to
like leave every place we're that couple
we're being that couple right now we
have until we're two hours to kill this
made you got John together nicely so
that's where everything happens the look
of determination I can just relax right
now Ali's helping me out by editing
yesterday's video if you didn't that's
the yesterday's yeah you were totally
missing out my mom looked over Ali's
shoulder and she's like what the hell is
that yes mom we dropped condoms our head
filled with water
no PDA there mom so 2016 is have a good
year we're taking we're taking time off
with the chemo he said my brain looks
like it's still there and that the scar
tissue looks a little bit different but
it could be just like healing scar
tissue yeah but the radiologist and the
doctor the doctor both said that it
looks like it's just scar tissue yeah
and they're very competent so that's
great
knock on wood let's hope so I just I
feel so much better knowing that I'll
have to take that poison right now it's
just like no feeling you know that
feeling I always told you I was like
well that's original and that that's the
last time in October you feel okay you
can put a smile on your face make the
world a better place
how are you doing mama trippy are you
happy yes the doctor said everything is
looking good doctor is decided they're
gonna
good luck with that everything's looking
good and that we're going to go off of
chemo for a while and see how things go
so he looks pretty confident he seems
pretty confident and we are very
confident it's really a lot of touring
coming up it's just going to be one of
those things perfect time we actually
this is one of those things I've always
even here most was very excited that it
was not not here hey no more she's like
and it's against my English
oh my gosh put me back to school we
don't need no more no more none of that
earlier we were wearing matching jackets
and now we're wearing matching hats
I can't we're that cute without cute we
are
cutest face
celebratory lunch got a giant-ass wait
what's my sales called this is doing the
birdie see my sandwich they're doing the
Bernie
you got some energy go expel that energy
beam up on your sister hi Zoe
good punch you missed stuff you don't
sell me out for treats you gonna sell me
out for cookies now you're a sellout the
head is off the head is off watch your
mom oh my gosh this morning she's giving
up no but I think Marley's like doing it
purposely oh that poor Panda lost his
head what once was cute is now extra
special no on the side note on the
amazing news is I don't have to do chemo
for so far I'm shooting for 2016 I'm
shooting for ever again we're gonna do
little by little I go back for a
check-up again great after the Australia
tour so that's amazing news today so far
and I cannot be happier with that hey
Mark yes that does that how happy you
are
come on give me a good one that's a good
one there we go you guys have been with
me the whole time on this and you know
how much that poison just I I realized -
I'm laying on the ground I was cleaning
up that I bent down to go pick up some
of this stuffing and then I just was
like oh this is a comfortable rug and I
just haven't gotten back up you guys
know that when I put that poison to my
body it just makes me feel completely
crappy I get grumpy I feel tired
I feel very hungry cuz like
eat all in all just a crappy crappy time
but for now it's behind us on another
side to awesomeness my nose is getting
better you see that
it's disappearing a lot of you guys the
suggestions are actually working a
little bit of toothpaste that works
Joosten stringent I think is the right
word
so thank you for that and look less like
a do you have any more yes you promise
look at this cabaret play I promise the
police Marley let's face off
the same fucking babies Oh Marley watch
out there's a hawk it's looking for you
wants to make you a gummy bear
that's right run I'll protect you get
dirt on your face did you do I saw it
would you do this for the tennis ball
ball she's got a ball over there
market guys everyone mark on the
calendars right now remember this day
whatever day this is Zoe and Marley are
actually acting like dogs
I love it all right you know chunky this
used to be fine
it's right my next mission is that the
things out of warranty out of its
factory warranty I want to try to find
somebody who can actually shoot this
baby up all right got a straightaway see
if we can do this what do you hey it's
the little things in life does the
second drive this is the most driving I
can possibly do knock on wood I might be
able to drive this year
so it seems our 20 miles an hour is now
the fastest I have taken this thing
right there drunk
it's actually got all new job so today
was a freaking amazing day good news all
around so we're taking the nice little
walk he's always in our nice little
slant slay Ali's freaking freezing over
there thank you guys so much for
watching today's video and we will see
you guys tomorrow have a great night
