good morning Internet lazy Sunday gonna
wake up late afternoon then call my boy
Al and see how she's doing
yes that's a lazy Sunday reference from
what does it was at 2003 and behind in
The Times right now
you ever seen lazy Sunday The Lonely
Island oh my god Ali lived under a rock
before meeting me she had nothing she
didn't know anything on the internet so
obviously it's a new year and we have a
new shirt that we're working on a CTFxC
R is actually helping us design it and I
posted yesterday on Twitter and Facebook
I'm gonna put a link in the description
so make sure to vote or tell me in the
comments one or two I'm gonna show you
guys right now there's one and there's
two
make sure to vote on the poll or tell me
in the comments and this will be the new
shirt
that we start off 2016 with Ali and I
are right down the middle we can't make
a decision so we're leaving it up to you
you guys are gonna get it so might as
well leave it up to you guys and I'll
let you know as soon as these are on
sale but hopefully within the next week
or so it's also a good morning because
look it's going away still there what's
going away I shut the door and
immediately Marley gets up first trying
to like snuggle with Ali because she's
freezing - on the coldest freakin day
that we've had in the entire year that
would be a good day to try the condom
challenge a lot of you guys have been
suggesting and politely demanding that
we try this this is probably gonna be
the dumbest thing we've done and I think
we'll be ready
we thought it might be smarter to do it
outside so it's not juices and wetness
everywhere we have to get a bunch of
condoms for this challenge remember guys
do not try this at home it's probably
gonna be very very stupid potentially
dangerous to tie you can sing the blues
sing about your arm
there's got to be some sort of pitch
that he just loves I'm ready we're ready
oh my god he's doing right it broke it's
right there it's right there strike one
ready no nominee oh here we go here we
go
come on be strong charlie kind of Johnny
Mouse so now we're gonna do I'm sorry I
epically failed I feel like being doing
it right one time does not make you a
master I have to agree with you on three
well what I've done yeah the works you
can just take it off yeah look at me
when I leaned back it like poured all
down my back because if you do it
correctly it's just not gonna get you
wet because it's gonna be another
container I wanna know who started this
Thank You history of the condom change
Alison yeah it was like hey I have a
really good idea we're gonna do a condom
water balloon and we're gonna drop it
right over your head you start one there
you got it you got to get it perfect I
guess so all right Philly you're up
shower hats apart so he's haha it's not
gonna do the condom challenge to Phil
where it's actually gonna light Lucy
encased in that all right I gotta slowly
go so far in there I had to go slower
didn't catch it
I'm not gonna fuck up what are you
the worst part is it exploded on you I
was at milk
Hey Oh No let's just pick the whole this
day of the year
Charles leg up Justin running back wait
it's cold let's do something wet outside
hi Melissa
tarantula there we go it's gonna go over
your face now remember don't freak out
see you lucked out
so Melissa and I are outside freezing
our butts off so free good gold oh look
at you look at his hair he's really
gonna go crazy on your head all day
you're looking a little blue no you can
see them all going down there though
look at you see the oil looks like oh
it's slippery
okay ready ready ready begin
do you wanna try some or buy so we just
we just know that if this falls on
Charles said ties gonna go ahead and and
a bunch of chunk out of that bow these
clothes try to rescue me alrighty
just make sure you go straight on my
head
maybe Chicago because I've used to
saying what every time I think it's just
that the true be head is not the head
for cotton it's a worm a lot of safety
first kids a lot of things anyone
all right I think we did it
money Danny on your bill then that's
your last shot here guys
I think I'll seek it I see him don't let
him down ready
well that was fun I got this like
oiliness in my hair right now I need to
take a shower we almost just did that in
the in the house in the bathroom we were
like oh it's so cold out it literally
dropped from 60 degrees to what 55 yeah
okay that's how cold it dropped while
we're doing as a dumbest thing you could
possibly do and it's been 79 80 some
degrees last couple days and all of a
sudden then even hotter than that and
then all of a sudden it's just like poof
you want to do something with water
outside here's some cold weather I think
I hope you guys enjoyed that I think
that was that was probably one of the
funniest challenges we got to do so
random it's such a weird thing I wonder
how that just came about like you know
what alley I got an idea sit down here
I'm gonna drop a water filled condom
watch what's gonna happen day two of
trying to fix my face about to take this
thing off my face tomorrow we have an
MRI check out whenever I change most of
that is actually here you have an MRI
checkup for the first time of the year
forget to subscribe guys if you guys are
brand new and we will see you guys
tomorrow Zois have a wonderful night
