good afternoon ghoshal my big old honker
my news travels a little upset because
he's hitting puberty today I not just
one giant zero in my face I've two of
them and they're like great there it is
stress it's definitely stress it's been
a stressful like week for us and I know
for everybody else always used to tell
Charles like when I was younger I never
had a problem with acne not that I
really have too much of one now but when
I turned like 25 I started getting acne
and I never had that issue before and
it's so weird because you would think
like as you get older you wouldn't have
it anymore but you have adults trust
called lies they're all lies and they
pop up all over your face my entire face
right now is bright red right now the
luxury of being a female is the fact
that you have the availability of
wearing makeup
that's things that a man can't wear
makeup I never said that
but we as females do have that luxury I
need to have some makeup dessert these
are like freakin these look like I got
punched in the face because there's a
third one now it's probably all not
frumpy as far I what is I've never liked
it unleashed the frontal there we go
everything away from my nose actually
I've realized that we all have things
that we just are frustrated with about
ourselves and I think it's okay today
you're just frustrated with your your
friends that popped up just hang out for
the new year
heal car is when
comes into play
remember to talk to her
where would steal card what happens when
you do feel car kill car I took one and
then you took the same way red car oh
now we're playing red go red guy over
there look or chill car blue car good Oh
like a dead army jerk
yellow breath great still left but I
will tell you this brick right took our
silver car kill no car punch punch punch
do is just get the knuckle into the arm
but you told me ASAP so I stopped I'm
driving through all right now you're
blue teal blue you change the rules
thinking it everytime teal blue teal all
three out there damn I'm on fire Ali's
friend actually did that and most of the
stuff in st. Pete so when you see all
the stuff I got effect this there's one
on the side of this building and it's
beautiful
we should go to this indie market we
haven't been on this one yet why don't
we get that trampoline so we're at the
st. Pete indie market we were not
planning on coming here but we just kind
of stopped five because we're driving
it's one of those things where you just
see it who stopped hide his approaches
help anyone
but this is our lunch
breakfast before lunch
that's all
I was just telling Ali because she's
getting a smoothie with pineapple that
if you put a piece of pineapple on your
mouth and just let sit there and because
it's acidity will actually be composed
eat so it will eventually eat you in a
sense that it won't obviously put that
piece or anything like that but just a
fun fact the longer and longer that I
live here in st. Pete
I obviously love it more and more but
the more and more I feel like it's like
Portland Oregon like everyone's so cool
and chill and it's got that real hipster
feel what is that - hipster I don't
think I've out at all making any sense
everyone's everyone's got their own
brewery it's very artistic I think it's
a word I'm looking for
I just love the fact everyone's got
beards and everyone owns their own
brewery it has a taco shop everywhere
that actually beer and tacos perfect
example right there definitely feel this
fits my personality a lot more than my
other house I love I love my other house
I love where we live but at the same
time this is kind of the change I needed
welcome to another episode of CTFxC
Pickers we really actually suck at this
just go to the place that have already
picked everything and just buy the
expensive stuff floating chairs and
everything here
some
and there's like railroad spikes I think
it's like highly illegal to have those
things when I go to places like this is
actually reminds me of my grandmother's
house
all of the snakes
those services work causing such a wreck
apparently that exists
every concern our own little mobile
ice-cream business yeah do that
for why stiffly retired give me that old
though could I recognize some of these
things he's got spongebob on it so I
guess
how old is spongebob now in ten years
play to cover yourself up you're in
public what is all this stuff is creepy
shit
well pound other routes
it's creepy that is cool
definitely doesn't work
beeping that's a piggy bank
steam so now it's January 2nd that means
time to take down the Christmas stuff
but I start working on the tree then I
worked on lights why are you so happy
all right so I got a D ornament things
so you got to take down the first CTFxC
vlogging camera as far as that camera
got the little squirrel friend a little
ornament of space man it's always take
the longest part and the worst part is I
don't know what to do with everything a
little camera controller the other
camera all the candy canes gonna make
sure Molly doesn't eat all the candy
canes especially Marley figured out
things on the tree were edible
and now it looks very sad without the
tree I don't know how to turn the light
on there that's that's my shirt still
learning we got the lights all taken
care of the tree now my next mission
because we've been doing I got the
office done is to try to get some sort
of organization here which I don't
really know how to do it so that way we
can bring in a car in here and I can you
go get a garage for the golf cart is
here those cats can you guys hear that
so far looking a little bit better I
don't even know where this came from
apparently I have an ironing board even
know that I don't think ever in the
vlogs have you guys ever seen your iron
anything I don't know what it is I just
don't like her
haven't done this in a while and
speedbump did it
it sucks guys thought for sure my left
foot would be better at this thing nope
so goofy on it actually Monday is gonna
be the first MRI of 2016 and I guess
it'd be the first one no the head chemo
last month so I guess not quite yet but
MRI on Monday as always I'm always
freaked out I was freaked myself out
just before one of these things sorry
I'm kind of wobbling I know everything
will be fine it's just I was psyched
myself out I always talked to you guys
that was tell you that and hopefully
they confirm that 2016 is going to be
emo free for me because my body
look Marley you don't look yellow
anymore nutbag Marley there's a million
cookies out here lies third not a
million cookies out here hi so I'm gonna
go to Home Depot really quick I'm
actually in a working group right now so
I actually want to continue it before I
get lazy again so my mom knows it so
well that she got oh yeah
gift cards oh shoot Home Depot so you
can actually get things done gift cards
just keep on giving that's too big they
even go to a store like a shame and they
all look the stands that everything is
always slightly different like it
publishes sometimes they're flopped
around which makes me feel like I'm
losing my mind
I mean I already know I'm losing my mind
but you know what I mean it's a perfect
example how I am legit was in my mind
this is where I was this is what I
needed I went all the way down to the
end of the school so we're making some
progress right now looking a lot better
what'd you guys think definitely not
done though part you get one more of
those things for this side I feeling
accomplished use resolution be organized
I think I'm getting there guys okay get
rid of these fans and we give this away
and then I think I think we're getting
there I'm actually genuinely genuinely
happy with myself right now so I just
gotta organize this area huh I don't
know about you guys I just love I love
the feeling of being organized the chaos
just completely makes me feel well
stress out she gets to my face
okay close your eyes
dip down here don't walk out here Calvin
check it out Wow Wow why you trying to
that
yeah it looks better on the side alleys
trying to save my face well they're
pretty it's just a gobble you know I
mean I usually shave my beard before I
put on a man shovel if I shave my beard
I think everyone would run I don't know
if you look at see me would like a spare
change yes I have like once or twice
right a few times I very rarely shaved
my face like I think you look very
handsome with I don't think I could ever
do baby face but second equivalents to
win like my dad shave his mustache and
it freaked me out
all right guys I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always your brand-new
subscribe if not you know the drill
bye guys your hair looks like a detox
give a feedback that even graduation
candles and girls on it
I think they shouldn't live in the lid
now Buffalo
neither the best manage those hiccupping
office powerful what
50 Katie deal
