and she's off and Rica's sticking a
swift sharp stop right on to the chair
and she does not want her dad to grab
her to put on her coat but wait wait
wait Charles is intercepted and has
grabbed the cat we're coming out don't
worry there she goes again
and she's off come on you keep shaking
it that cool okay bunny every time I go
outside you start shivering
yeah we don't want that to happen the
big girl okay let's get your sweater on
your wedding all day I know we're coming
I know look at all the dogs guys we're
coming I promise so they all have their
nice little jackets on cool thing is
that they have this jacket that there's
another piece that goes over top of
theirs and they could take up I know
we're coming
miss judgey where you going
gotcha so this is another ticket that
one takes Sunday and we just kind of
wanted to show you guys or kind of
explain display maybe maybe that's the
best term to use how cold it is for
Florida how cold it is for Florida and
how cold it is for Floridians because we
know and this isn't focusing of course
it's like 52 it's pretty darn cold and
we're loving it don't get me wrong I
actually think the dogs might be loving
it a little bit more than we are
Zoe this is like her type of weather so
she's just she's been sitting out here
pretty much all day really taking it in
watch out for dog poop so obviously you
guys saw like two days ago maybe it was
Friday night I want to say just make
sure I don't step into anything really
no point in okay we're safe were safe
there was a crazy like random
thunderstorm that came through and with
that thunderstorm came this really
really cold air yeah we're super happy
about it actually feels like winter she
is now ready for winter oh girl look at
that turtleneck
you're looking good right okay my
favorite part about this is when she
runs her tail was crazy in the tree arcs
are back you look so pretty here let me
let me fix you a little turtleneck you
got to look cool she looks like she has
a draft Nick
Rico you're looking flag girl check it
outside now you should let her run so
they can see how she runs
figure out what like like blade switch
turns on what like ready face it you got
her tail goes crazy it's my favorite
part
I'll see you couldn't really tell though
because she was running normally she
does fit dude a lot better funny thing
is that's actually a guinea pig yeah by
the way there is guinea pig sweaters of
people didn't know there you go and the
funniest thing is remember I don't know
if you guys remember when we first got
this thing it fit right just no so she
would basically walk into it and walk
right out of it she's getting there well
she's she's getting longer and she was
getting taller okay so I can do about
our nod you like this book the birdie
what does Dantas want this oh okay
about
you're better get it you better get real
okay writing week ready week ready here
we go
really okay that's what I thought oh
there she goes up the stairs and cheese
gone Oh miss pick this cat we'll take
this thing everywhere upstairs
yeah diesel it's a pig oh by the way I
put this upstairs put this up yesterday
and fill so yeah we're gonna fix that
that tail I don't understand what makes
her tail go so crazy good luck she does
not have everything else she's not
having it all right here's the handoff
okay we're still doing the one take oh
this is pretty awesome what is wrong
with you huh
yeah okay we're just gonna sit here and
wait Oh Lawson are my last nerve there
it is
hang on there nope what up dad losing it
and she's keep it close on that Rika hey
can I help you baby sig no I don't want
to anyway it's been so freakin nice the
last couple days I don't know if you
guys watched yesterday you should it's
go if you haven't watched yesterday's
video I almost just mess up the one day
if you didn't watch yesterday's video go
check it out right after this we judge
the Marilyn Monroe look-alike contest
you know what you gotta do is take her
to her flower there's this little flower
she's been smelling and sniffing but
yeah we judged a Marilyn Monroe
look-alike contest it was pretty
interesting a lot of those girls
actually some of them actually looked
like doppelgangers it was like pretty
crazy but one of the judge wasn't named
Heather she's like been doing it 20
years or something like that but
everything anything about her am Lucille
Ball oh yeah she goes Lucy - so I was I
thought that was pretty cool because
Lucille Ball's one of my favorite things
comedians live but watching Lucy was one
of my favorite things she's called
well that's why she's got a sweater on
but yet these are her flowers but today
I think what we're gonna do is do a lot
of like boring house stuff because
that's so much fun and you know we're
gonna use our one take Sunday so Ali and
I can go out on a date we can just relax
tomorrow we have I think we're doing
something really really really special
tomorrow and I cannot wait to show you
guys and go do this because there's
actually something that really is close
to Ali a nice heart and it should be
really really cool so get excited for
that what else what else do I want to
talk about really quick actually I just
want to know how cold is because you
know like Ali and I were saying we're
gonna go do the I don't want called
surprise trip or the last-minute trip of
the the winter trip that we're playing
on doing this get distracted you want to
come in or you want you this bone yeah
okay I'll leave you but I was gonna say
is that we're gonna do our winter trip
that we did last year to go see snow sir
there's a click on moment candidate that
part out but yeah we're planning on
doing our winter trip and I wanted to
know when the best time to go see snow
we don't want to go super north like we
don't want to go to Maine or New York or
anything like that
like Georgia North Carolina South
Carolina something like that like
driving distance you don't I heard
though is that it was supposed to snow
in northern Florida last night so like
I'm like ribbit I have no idea I have no
idea so let's check sir always hoping
around well yeah just a quick little
video we just wanted to say hi we're
gonna go have a little date night a
little date day and just kind of hang
out and enjoy this weather so don't
forget this
let screwed up right there don't forget
to subscribe guys and I told him that
tomorrow we're gonna be doing something
really awesome so tomorrow's movie I'm
like honestly one of the coolest things
we bet I feel like we've been saying
that a lot but I feel like this the past
like two weeks we've been doing so many
crazy things that honestly are like some
of the coolest things we've ever done
I hope it's wrong unless something falls
through the toilet you know it may be
switch not fall through it may be moving
postpone it it's all based on like what
okay boy do we care I want to tell you
that so bad I swear on my life or the
next day this shows you the proof you
know what it is it's like this oh this
is the proof of the fact that we don't
know sometimes what's happening we have
to edit okay I was like dangling the
onion in front of you guys now from
seeing this one take is that there's
lots of bloopers and there's lots of
unknowns until pretty much like hours
before things happen so you'll find out
tomorrow or the next night
yes Marley you wants a bike you farted
no I wasn't that was him
well they say bye Marley say bye come on
tell me okay so we'll see you guys
tomorrow and have a great night
don't forget to subscribe ready okay bye
guys yeah okay
