good morning Internet dear doc and I are
on a little adventure to get through OEM
audio+ whatever I feel like we are
Mordecai and Rigby bringing the show but
it's really called Earth that's true I
believe the crew from vlogger mentoring
are going to be doing follow-up
interviews I don't know I think it's
today but I'm not a hundred percent sure
it's my something I should know I know
Ali did not say come over so fireworks
but there's a sale
that seems like a good one Thunder boom
on family like thunder boom
it's like loud lightning think of words
are this is crazy
explosion tonight that one and actually
you know let's go for the $10 one so
they're all gonna suck anyway yeah that
leaves are probably safer yeah feel like
I'm actually legit driving they hold on
to your legit legit have no idea or
excuse me oh there there I wanted to
show to rock the creepy mansion and the
windows are open that's not creepy
hello a great big smart boy staying
hydrated at least meet Oliver Oliver say
hi we just rescued of it he's he was
running around the neighborhood so we
got a call behind his home right over
come on Oliver we gotta find your house
you silly boy I think I know where he
lives
yeah cuz last time our neighbor was out
doing lon he just came over and barked
at him and then ran home he's like he's
been doing that a lot lately
Oliver is now safe and sound I've
knocked on pretty much eight different
like houses in the neighborhood and we
found his house though he's very
interested in Oliver
do you smell him well I did no crap
she's one of the food all right Zoey so
if you ever smell Oliver find him okay
good girl three good catch three don't
carry one dick he's learning smell
we go oh boy what's this smell Marley's
gonna miss nerd rock no one here's got
your belly anymore alright guys so the
crews here and they're directing and
setting up everything try to figure out
what's going on
and I figured I'd you know do some
vlogging right now since they're here
for vlog a minute so you guys can have
the saw the shots right there we have no
shades you can just look in there so if
you walk around naked neighbor right
there I could see you
you just put Marley on the chair she'll
do the job for you you like to sit there
in the center of attention it's good for
your face erimar hey good lighting
haven't seen you look that good in a
long time right so is this hair on the
phone with Travis and I just saw
something
checks out I promise there's no poop
right here this poop but don't walk into
it I just want to show you come come
here and look down
it's insane just watch this I've never
seen this in our backyard
you gotta come here talk it's not gonna
work unless you come here
now watch this it's like a horror movie
isn't it cuz I thought I was like I was
on the phone looks like a freaking
horror movie watch this
I just realized I've put poop on the
Internet but I've never seen bugs like
that in our backyard okay so they're
breaking for lunch right now and then
we're gonna hit the interview process a
lot has happened since the last
interview so it's really two and a half
years ago because obviously
documentaries take a freakin long time
which is really good because it's the
evolution of vlogging all the people
that have been involved in volume
entering in the past few years a lot of
things have happened so that's why
they're doing all these pickup shots
alleys either drinking whiskey or
straight pee drinking whiskey straight
whiskey it's funny before the show
yesterday everyone did like Cheers
he has a good luck thing but you know I
don't drink anymore except oh I
literally had to pawn off my whiskey if
you could give it a Brian I liked it I
thought what the Brian was like do you
want this he goes what is that I was
like Connor wouldn't even drink it I'll
try to get the hunter he said no and I
was like I tried to get the kool-aid he
said no and then the bash brothers don't
want it it's hardcore dude call his John
bring it I think so I think that was to
get from them do tools you know yeah if
the old tools brought it you know you
know it's know what's wrong I'm glad
that wasn't gonna be the first treat but
I had like three or four years you just
see her legs popped up so today is a
very interesting day because I
personally I'm a little bit nervous
about doing this whole interview thing I
know tires done it before but I've never
done it and I'm actually kind of
surprised that they want me to be a part
of it but so we're gonna do that today
and it's supposed to take up quite a lot
of time and then later on tonight we're
gonna go and do something with narrow
dark because it is his last night here
he leaves tomorrow I must say I am kinda
nervous about this and
not really sure how it's gonna go so
fingers crossed what are you doing come
here
he's obsessed with this new Christmas
toy it's like we're filming a movie in
here like it was so easy sitting there
the cameras most incredibly complex blog
exception it bothers yeah exciting that
the fog of matter is getting us more and
more and more done mate yeah so awesome
we were just talking about Ally you
camera that target for me even their
original cameras from the first filming
of endurance
really yes so that one that's much
bigger and it's like if you guys can see
it is pretty large he's always like I'm
just gonna be in the middle of
everything I'm not gonna move for
anybody lot bigger a lot bigger than
ours so funny the dogs are like what is
going on here what's going on in my
living room diesel has no respect I'm
just gonna come over here and bother the
water bring everything together right
now do you think come on come over here
what were you guys doing filming a movie
or something yeah got enough equipment
the room I'm walking around with this
little freaking thing
oh yeah yeah yeah it's not the size guys
it's not the size yeah yeah I'm in their
own business yeah
and your interviews done for the day
that's it seven hours seven hours just
for your interview I talk a lot and I
had to like I was thank God I was doing
some work out here but I had to sit down
and I had to be so quiet and then I had
to control the dogs to be quiet because
they were doing pretty good but every
once in a while so he would get up and
she would start barking and she would
really get a little bit loud and then
Marley starts you know doing what Marley
does scratching on the door she tried to
open doors yeah you're eating my sub but
the interview went well mmm good
I cried only two times it's okay it's
cuz use the big baby just a big big baby
no doc you see this watch this power
speed goes there we go I love when it
stops it's my favorite part it's not a
visit until we take our guests of the
Avenue is your first time to Randy
is all Ali wants core dogs
explain the cops making sure the dogs
were barking the entire time for the
interview how many tears are little
nugget oh thank you what an odd thing
the cheers will be staying with us for
this year and then he's gone back home
but I'm sure we'll see him next year
sooner actually I'm pretty sure you have
fun Merry Christmas
there we go we got a new roommate guys
it's not the guy upstairs though the man
on the couch
yeah guy upstairs good yep he confirmed
that the man upstairs literally Josh
josh is upstairs you got a glass
actually I guess it's food so we spent
about seven hours filming the pickup
shots for vlogging winery part one I say
part one because tomorrow's will be part
two we'll be filming and what I'll have
to stay silent the entire night so Ali
freakin one for the team on that one
it was Amaro we're gonna be doing some
more shots so I'm gonna get some sleep
with yesterday's vlog was a lot of
editing I actually begin to bed about
Friday morning
I'm so freakin exhausted right now so I
will see you guys tomorrow don't forget
to subscribe and have a great night
toodles bye guys
but yes please
