good morning Internet as you can see we
have a packed car right now there rocks
somewhere back there we're heading down
to rehearsals for the hometown show we
got my dad's surprise Christmas present
back there and we're trying to fit
everything in the car including the
driver years of Tetris in the band has
worked there we go
I don't trust myself oh they're the ones
that have like the fans behind them
right it reminds me of something from
The Simpsons the most eels it we're the
worst stealthy people how many people
does it take to put it together a grill
that's already put together I say we put
it on the grill the door
bring the doorbell and run what the hell
oh I took a good one for him there has
been a phone call that was a sneaky
phone call her ally call he was like
yeah he claims she called to ask my dad
like well good grill should I get
Charles and he's like he just got it
girl oh that's that's Oh check your me
Oh like me I give you the old one this
is from Holly and Melissa
oh no cry you should see my bigger one
well that's what we figured to get you a
new one I have to use charcoal in it and
put the bottoms rusted out and the
charcoal falls through that's how my
friends guerrillas the ignitions
successful
that's good job I don't know if you guys
have ever seen that that's actually
something my dad built you built this
a long time ago right so weird that I
like that smell you like that smell
I think you're grabbing all their larvae
and bring them straight downstairs the
throne those are drone oh really
yeah them so smart bring em right down
there so we have successfully surprised
my dad and we're heading to the
rehearsal space now but we have awesome
traffic you look like a guitar case back
there it's it's called the nerd rock so
new rocks on this thing
where we find out what our names would
convert to if we're are we had our own
anime show as neon cried out long
nurse is death rocket hunter and I think
Ali's got the best one versus vampire
zombie ultimate I thought that I would
watch that I think it's a good name not
fair
do we like you in life away
we weren't able to put our guitar case
in there so like a road case so we're
all carrying everything Oh super ones
here yo welcome hundos here
Trav's here I think Danny's still in
traffic so we have the ghost of Danny
right now and Coley's still in
Connecticut until tomorrow so we have
the ghost of : ghost of Danny for at
least 24 hours and there Drock thought
he was coming to Florida for vacation
little did he know we were gonna get him
to work like it was part of we the kings
again this is our way of sucking him
back in slowly but surely the ghost as
danny has showed up I was gonna play
drums don't worry about it we're good
yeah all the boys are practicing for the
show that is tomorrow I was like all
right well Ellington moles are done the
way I'll go and always some time so I
didn't have to sit not that it would be
a bad thing but so that I didn't have to
actually sit there and stay at the venue
the whole day it's almost worse than
what it was before Christmas like like
Christmas Eve you know when everybody
does their last-minute shopping it was
worse than that I'm starving I'm brain
to God the boys room was done practicing
for tomorrow
that way we can go get something to eat
because I need to feed myself I've had a
lot of cheese today and I need something
more than cheese that's not so great but
that's pretty much all that I've had
today
all right so I think we got it working
there's a little bit of normal we're
gonna give a little crunch and then
we're gonna pull out run
0kay no Sonia who King
so walking up you can hear the boys
Faxon well now they stop so obviously
you can't hear them but I just want them
there sounding good so we got it laid
over here so just sing excel at the
hometown show more reason to come so
we're just a rehearsal day now it's
actually gonna be the first time I think
we've ever played alive what am i doing
you tell big little frustrated that's
real sweet Zach
all right Jared Rockets getting angry if
I don't feed em right rear hanger angry
angry angry a real serious case of the
hangar nests
and we're done I think we got it all
done I think we're ready we'll never
know until tomorrow the best part so
while they're over there practicing hard
rock this weird Al and Ben and I are
getting tacos were starving I think she
nerd rock and I have been complaining
about being hungry since like what this
is Samantha
for Samantha came on the wrong day she
came a day early so we gave her some
pics and we're signing her case and
basically having lunch and dinner with
everybody
nerd rock has been back for daddy's in
the bag like a couple days now not even
a day on on the stage he's already fixed
two things and he's already found
Danny's wallet
against the food so Danny's getting some
food right now
I wasn't done over there all right it
was gonna go through that camera all
right so now we're just waiting for
Elena to finish soundcheck and then
we're gonna head back what's this -
what's the bet in the resets everything
all right watch this guy's
okay I'll pluck it with it and I would
be like Darth Vader I'm gonna let you
mix my my mix for a live show would you
do how do you undo my ears you know No
you get to do my ears okay roll on those
cables our bed she's focused you good
alleys are cord roller right through the
ultimate test now babe ventano the test
we just stuck back to help everyone kind
of put everything luckily that I'm
making us completely break everything
down like previous years we're able to
actually just have it on the stage for
tomorrow you know we don't have this
year though we don't have enough
Christmas decorations that's what we
need so I got the girl the boy and the
other girl she's a little angry could do
those here but you want to sing Merry
Christmas like I had a great time at
Grandma's house but I'm so happy to go
back home with you now Marley decided to
sit up front with me because she is now
she was too cool for school and she
could not sit in the back with diesel
she kind of does this movie anywhere she
has this uh kind of an attitude about
diesel being with me but she gets over
it
so I'm letting her in the front seat
right now well guys it's been a long day
very long day we are ready to go to bed
but first we're gonna watch a movie and
we're working to make nerd Rock actually
pick it inside yeah okay so we're gonna
watch one of my favorite movies but
anyways thank you guys so much for
watching if you guys brand-new don't
forget to hit that subscribe button hit
the like button cuz I always like that
thumbs up oh likes it and thank you
guys for watching we'll see you tomorrow
bye toodles bye guys
I'm gonna exercise
there's like killing you
