talk about discord I don't think that's
not even view as a discord yeah I don't
think that's a dude that might have been
in oh yeah I was a little high
that's probably my obnoxious loud
sisters of me again
you were funny yesterday I hope you guys
enjoyed my family the past couple of
days I you know live in the comedian
Kaitlyn and I we both should but yeah we
do get the sweet treats if you guys
enjoyed having Christmas of my family
with chars family it was a lot of fun
and that was kind of like the first time
I think that everybody felt comfortable
being on camera buddy our family like
we're finally getting comfortable with
it I know that sounds weird cuz it's
been Elias had some wine in our system
yeah a little bit but that's something
that my family hasn't gotten used to yet
but it was nice that you guys actually
got the seeds of an experience kind of
what we do on Christmas this is probably
the dumbest thing that we could do is go
out and return things it's not like
we're returning guests actually we're
going out to purchase something because
Tom and Kaitlyn I think I told you this
a few weeks ago are going to Colorado
for a vacation that's actually what they
got each other for Christmas and Tom
thought he was going to be getting a
jacket for Christmas but unfortunately
they didn't get the right one and so
they have to get too many to choose from
I know they're so crazy
enjoying the desire to help Ali out a
little because she killed it yesterday
she did so much for everybody organized
that entire thing I'm just trying to
help her a little bit by cleaning up the
house a little and trying to make it
less messy it already is a little bit
nicer and trying to find Marly all
freaking day and she keeps hiding in
different places because of boxes and as
I say that found her should've come here
first but I think it's because all the
boxes are scaring the crap out of her
you know you know Marley is with boxes
and loud noises but she hates loud
noises this is Ali's little workstation
from yesterday you have no idea what I'm
talking about
just go watch yesterday's video and see
what she made me well I guess I'll just
leave you to your your whatever you're
doing Kaelyn you're a real snow bunny
future no matter Sookie this is what I
need so nerd rockin Zack went to Taco
Bell
of course there's what to talk about so
I'm just gonna practice the songs a
little bit because tomorrow we have
rehearsal and then Monday is the
hometown show so just kind of getting
ready for that
hometown shows are always the most
nerve-racking shows that we ever play
Marley got your nice little 49er shirt I
don't even know where that came from to
be honest with you because I'm not a
49ers fan last time I ever was a 49ers
fan was I guess when Joe Montana was
still on the team I've even heard ed
laughs right now our thing run annoying
mom's home get her Zoey
are you hiding by me the stupid box has
been freaking in the office taking up
room for I don't know about a couple
months now pretty much one of those
procrastination things where I know I
have to build this chair I just don't
want to so I figured I might as well do
it now they're drafting Taco Bell ads
with his sister we do some time to do
this it's kind of nice to have a chill
day especially after the craziness last
couple days this is kind of relax a
little bit I'm actually gonna try to do
this without actually opening up the
instructions I feel like putting
together a chair should be something
that I can do so far it's got legs well
that looks like it's normal worked here
press Marley so it's the day after
Christmas and we are all pretty
exhausted I went with Keaton today and
she found a coat for her trumpet champ I
went for her husband but we're all kind
of like laying low right now under rocks
upstairs with Zak and char is putting
together my chair my office chair like a
champ I come in a little too late and I
asked for help way too late but almost
looks identical to yours
it's a circus good job well let's hope
it doesn't fall apart let's hope it's
not I bet you didn't use the
instructions just so that I it does fall
apart cuz he wants to see me fall bust
my ass
you did good though looks good my sister
can't tighten it can't get it home.you
this afternoon started it off with a
bang where my accounts all got hacked so
right now Charles is working on getting
them back together and you're my Savior
I love you Charles
awesome he hates people right now just
as much as I do
well we are waiting for that to get
fixed and my mother's nothing oh that's
what you want I'm over waiting to get
that fixed nerd rock and I are gonna
do some DDP yoga DDP yoga
we're trying to exorcise kill you
whoever says wrestling's fake let's do
this for a little bit
Marley just watching you fall now you
didn't want to cook anymore
who won God's order restaurant I was
afraid of my break thing from the house
don't destroy some things right now
between everything going on right now
like somebody hacking your stupid
account so we spent out accounts so we
just spent like two hours like
retrieving it with them except for
Instagram as of now is still I think and
you're not a problem right now so you
know that's freaking annoying I hate the
fact that people knew that but
so now we're digging and everything
basically hexadecimal like the only
person that can actually read it is
probably a freaking computer don't even
tell them this again I'm gonna tell them
all the secrets I'm just the this is
just a friendly warning that everyone
ran out just change your password after
watching this video go change your
password you spilled the salt that's in
a song that isn't a salt I'm gonna pump
you thumper I got a pump you comfort no
one no one for you salt money
I'm gonna they're about to be down
when you're like I don't know what
you're doing and this what you're doing
so can I do a gentle bumper now no you
look just totally ruins but like look at
my face I recalled the epic over there I
think that hey look awesome
I feel nerve-wracking to introduce
something the parable of the CTFxC I'm
sorry you're welcome straight Popolo
love you some of this no I love one
nicely you're sure to really tick me off
the bananas are good too many bananas
you're missing some pieces my old rabbit
like my hairy chest might
I like your hairy chest keep have you
shaved yours
Marley get out there near Drock and I
are just kind of chilling right now we
will see you guys tomorrow don't forget
to subscribe and have a wonderful night
sweetie
when your turn
I'll gather back
I'm your real sweet
