every Christmas Eve you guys is how was
hurt it off
awesome oh this sucks
hate to say this person is sick on
Christmas the world
all I gotta do is give a good so much of
their life and he's good
it's like giving you a toy so before we
go meet up with all the family there
Drock and I are getting our exercise
took Zoey Marley for a little walk or
taking Marley's carrying her own poop
bags right now they're docked want a
free chair so I got a little bit of
squiggle marks from the little kids
house the tree I kind of gave up on
watering the trees ever since it would
spill everywhere oh this is actually
kind of smart look at you
you gave the cup a nipple a reverse
nipple wait wouldn't have been better
the other way it's sort of been way
better
dudes the Christmas squirrels here do
you see him don't care it's the new
squirrel friend that we have up here
that or it's the one that was getting
high on mushrooms the other day he's in
the front yard and he definitely can't
go to the back yard thank you falling
over forward forward
alley slow down alley new rocks got the
sweaters I'm basically directing traffic
that's Carly and that's my brother Matt
okay it's my brother Matt and this is
his fiancee Oh Carly I love saying that
and this is Olivia pinkies up you want
to join the party don't say hi do you
help with that there yeah
here you go that's a good that's a good
port right there she's a natural
I was just talking to Carly and Santa
like it's kind of interesting how tea
party sets have like transcend
generation you especially generations
getting addicted like iPods and iPhones
and things like games like that the tea
sets still work it still works
right you want to thank you can you sing
to them you say no we never songs oh
right Ally's always the jungle gym she's
good right just like you I remember the
last year that Olivia believed yeah my
buddy about your t-t-time psyche time
buddy she's like Livia what is this and
she's like a dolphin then she was like
oh it is kind of a strange animal
Samantha seek out new rock is showing me
this what is it called Murdock this is
Joey Ryan who is a professional wrestler
and his penis has gone viral because he
used it in a wrestling match it's not
what you think it is that he kept in his
trunks but he used it in a match in
Japan
so this penis is bringing their own food
the best parts gonna know priceless in
the world so what are you making their
cake strawberry preserves and
raspberries wrapped in fancy okay that
the yes stuff like that's my go and pop
it in there it means me number 15
minutes research by the cross whole no
but I didn't come because it's fun way
to say that Russell call song baguette
horn
you got this Kate is obviously mr.
Marley's vacuum so spike is the thicken
sweeper right here's the mop so the
whole fam is here
got my grandpa and Josh and Charles mate
windy Linda my dad grandma and my mom
are in there and
like hanging outside it's getting a
little cluttered in there my sister on
my sister off and my brother and his
fiancee actually just left when they had
to bring it back and Olivia back we all
had to drive back because they had to go
to a different message like Carly's side
and see all night outside just enjoying
the nice a lot but hanging out by the
dock - I can't really see it but it's
pretty awesome out and a full moon
christmas is here and it's 95 degrees
outside it's we choose that guys I know
you've missed King that's where I get
all my personality from well when we're
in the same room together
scary if we drink something we both
don't like we do the same thing we drink
it and then we both go this is like this
no there's like that you guys are like
exactly the same yeah we're do this even
like the noises that mean you make and
the voices that we make are like
gestures our mannerisms everything we're
identical you would adopt the remote too
much of what we would adopt that we were
born on the same date seems like that
this is what you do bedroom door closed
and then you're like over a little bit
like Ali
killing come here and we walk through
and you would like look what I'm looking
for
what do you want the chokeslam I love
how like all this wrestling stuff is
this coming full circle okay lanai you
were never like surprised when I have
that I'm very surprised but we always
seem to like go along so we're gonna get
really hurt if you don't use good
strangled getting ready for that later
what Kalyn actually was dropped like
three times in her head which was my
felt on my face out of a you out of a
hot tub on my face you are maybe yes a
girl Olivia level right now spikes
leaving new wife is let me do and I got
you water to you think I don't care so
much easier that way
if I get I try to match it like it's I
have a 30 page but if I do all that just
lock the facade it's perfect works and
they're all different
usually he's wearing like a pizza and
taco song secrets acts like your horse
looking except you get it like our
tongues always out unlike my you just
got some junk in the trunk
it's by can you shake because why should
I shake I get up getting anyway nice to
meet you oh thanks Graham is not you
Caitlyn say it's Michael denoted as a
bone Thank You al
yeah actual like cameras yeah I know
let me get your life you rap so well
because I am and I just gave up and I
grab the bags for everyone
not presence and he clearly can't one of
the presents that here at for me was
like this I'm not even kidding you it
was like do you know what it is though
alright yeah she had no idea what it is
though that we could actually do things
and we really didn't make it tonight but
if you'll give this to BJ she can't seem
to stop hey hey you missed spike
what Marley
what's in the bedroom our that's a
six-foot cable right there I was honored
that Slyke the perfect tour bus bunk
cable because you never know where a
plug is delivers all the presents he's
got a redundancy plan come on Santa he's
got a good squad if he's making that
type of trip that's normal
Dave Gary Wayne old Hershel and hush
poverty he's got the blue nose Hanukkah
Harry he's real right new rock is part
Jewish so he's teaching us about
Hanukkah Harry
Santa is coming we're tracking him right
now hope you guys enjoyed today's video
don't forget to subscribe and have a
Merry Christmas or happy whatever
tomorrow is Merry Christmas everybody
bye guys doodles bye guys there's
uncanny
little ears like you had a baby or
something there that warped your
features begin so you're gonna make a
great long
she's not break today certain rumors I
know but but he's bragging so sleepy
