I like that
all right let's go see everybody you're
not supposed to be up there did you just
get caught I bought you a friend his
official name is type odd type odd is
now the official name remind you of
champion for parsing that yeah right
ma'am that is not your gift ma'am let's
go so we're going to Orlando right now
because I have to help trav record some
things it just depends on how quick alec
is off that I'm sorry I ran into there
how many months ago was that when we did
the surprise rose thing we were
surprised Allie with a bunch of roses in
the house and I took that photo July
maybe
Valentine's Day god you're an idiot
Charles gonna look for you week if what
he do
Ali was just going like this the whole
time I'd like super red right now my
face
I got antlers - what I was gonna say is
that since I posted that photo a long
time ago when I walked in their face
covered it's become a different meme
like almost every other day so we show
you some of the ones I found so far not
sure what that one says but then there's
this one there's this one that one it
just keeps getting changed
that's gonna funny outs turned into a
weird viral thing yay
traffic kind of forgot how far Travis
actually is from our house on the map it
doesn't look far when you start driving
it's far come on nerd rock you can
staring at us back there we got a base
victor wooten back there we're here
finally oh the guard dog the vicious dog
dog hey Kinsley she's so tiny she looks
great
he said tiny older dogs here to look at
you know when I first saw her like for
any other baby I think the same thing
but once like your child yeah it's
totally different this is what a second
example I know he's a natural to the
girl trying to drop that hair though I
can't get that it's completely trab
right there Internet you probably can
find a million photos on traffic like
that
I know which gave her we give her bath
today
her first bath cause the umbilical cord
fell off I wanted to tell people that
this is my vocal booth so many mirrors
yeah for new people wanted to spin you
around like with a bat and be like okay
which door do you think which is this
why are you looking at my peripheral hey
can you still go Charles with the camera
excuse me sir Elvis hi buddy hi I'm
trying to give you smiling but he's just
showing his teeth because I know I'm
trying to give you attention right now I
don't want I think Ali's gonna steal
your baby
no you got a probably a free babysitter
now she loves sitting in here while I
just work on music yes that's a good
thing oh is this what you're talking
about
like I like Ali got two babies over here
we got a third one over there this is
why we mr. rock immediately travis plugs
into my bass a breaks way to go higher
doc we need you back what are you done
being a wrestler or breathing to bring
the wrestling on the stage can we like
do a tour with like the wrestling
promotion with us yep it's like we're
the kings and wrestling to fix my bass
sound after breaking it figure out which
features features belong to Jenny or the
upper lip is that my tribe I'm kidding
based on the upper lip it's really weird
it's like you two had a baby or
something they're a bit more they're
features together so you're gonna make a
great mom
she's not pregnant guys he starts the
rumors I am nervous but he's preggers
she's still sleeping
that's actually really perfect
I just usually break through everything
we were to say how loud you are so
perfect
and I was so afraid of touching a
village at his house and I brought my
own
so I don't get upset
so as you guys can probably tell trav
and I have been working on this song
this is a special surprise I don't think
we can actually tell you what it is yeah
no so and then then it's coming to do
his parts a little bit later than coal
for whatever reason we thought that
feels like he like the necessity to go
to Disney four times a week I know we
should probably go spoiler alert it's
not great to be the dad in the short
you're gonna be stepped up Phil give me
the short shorts the Daka shoes or boat
shoes I've already started like going up
to other guys and be like you sleeping
at all sleeping like how's your wife she
gonna like a little little crazy hail
this can i pick back buddy
thank you nose on his head this is a
foot kind of like a
I can't move my big toe and separate it
we're going those nerd locks one of his
favorite pizza places my favorite pizza
place in the entire world right now I'm
about to declare this Christmas spirit I
just calls the Griswolds
it's called planet pizza like Toy Story
exactly look at this bumper sticker
they good guys this one cross-eyed crush
your iceberg
is it crazy she's gonna get stuck one
day and I'm down to two
will that be Forks - spikes have an
issue I know and we're down to zero I
kind of got one to help
I booked both of them off at the same
time it's the Orlando version of the
London Eye looks like a dartboard I was
gonna do a quick potty break but she
feels always so guilty when we do this
so I have to go buy a coffee that means
you're a good person babe
wait we lost a nerd Rock there's an
airdrop so I shouldn't squeeze you're
right type odd type odd you opening
presents no probably not
Marley was it you was it Marley I can't
I can't tell three legged guys yeah I
can't yes that's true
nerd rocks been here for one day and I'm
already putting them to work on the new
pedal we're trying to figure out some
really cool things that we can do for
the next live shows so new rock might
not be at the live shows but when you
see the pedal he's there there we go
by the way I think it was Marley not
Tyson at Melissa's house walking away
okay good good good good
all right so nerd rock is now schooling
me on all his wrestling information we
are watching old school ruins is a Royal
Rumble this is Survivor Series 1991 and
this is a highlight from like sometime
fire when jake the snake' roberts had
trapped Macho Man Randy Savage in the
ropes and he busts out a Cobra of all
snakes and sticks it on him the guys
remember when he met Hulk in the vlogs
yeah he said he was gonna get me that's
why I'm training as you can see my
starting it over at watery Munoz it
starting to get a little crappy
crapoly anyway so don't forget to
subscribe guys and we'll see you
tomorrow I guess
