gotta go get gonna get going again I
can't do three last week we had to take
marley and diesel both with similar
situations diesel has 25 million more
allergies and Marley Marley I thought
had a lot of allergies Tyson I thought
had a lot of allergies and then later
this evening we'll get our guests from
the airport gotta go get I can
understand twister it is isn't it gonna
go get gotta go get gonna go get come on
again five times fast gonna go get gonna
get yet gonna get I can't do three okay
going to go get going to yoga that's as
far as I know you tried gonna go get
gonna go get kind of go get internet
gonna give it gonna kill get better go
again oh that's your body come by on the
door maybe at the vacuum by star vacuum
clamp the farm Luke lynn 4 foot and Q
vacuum noise now
I think he lost point six pounds all
that running baby point for so I failed
today epically with Charles and in the
number one rule that we always have is
do not forget to bring the camera with
you and I forgot to bring the camera
with me of course after being diesel to
the vet this morning I got a little
teary eyed it's kind of a long story but
he's just in some pain with his ear and
I was a little bit of a rack so I know
Charleston film too much of me but good
news is that he's gonna be okay um he's
just got it just got bad bad allergies
and it's infecting his ear and it just
sucks and it's really kind of hurting
him so I just hope this medicine works
that's all I can hope for all right this
christmas is coming and i can't look too
shabby for the hometown show as well
time to go get a haircut
okay done how's it look guys and I
cleaned up for Christmas she's just
enjoying those last little sips of that
meal I'm so pressing you with my eyes
wide open I know are you gonna burp are
you out more I love how express some
shoes where my melts after eagle we're
gonna be a severe problem I'm here way
too much still not quite done christmas
shopping
fun so we're sitting here with the baby
and she's got a Cubs sorry keep talking
baby talk but I just can't help myself
when I look at her you know it goes
they're pretty bad aren't day she's like
I need to space and they'll go away i
promised you know my think i'm
officially officially done with
everything yep i am completely done high
five guys we are completely out of
wrapping paper probably because how i
did this yesterday that's what I
wrapping for yesterday so I have to kind
of make do with what I have so I'm just
used luckily today we got a bunch of me
like I don't have the newspaper but you
know they always give you that crappy
stuff you know the the ads for like
stuff like that so i'm using think it's
just like a grocery store obviously it's
a grocery store one just to wrap it up
I'm actually pretty impressed with
myself right now so I had fancy wrapping
and this is what it looked like I have
no wrapping and I got that so when the
zombies come will you be on my team well
if they come will you be on my team you
gotta be like aunt Nelly I'll will
totally be on your team you have to say
in LA I'll totally be on your team I
mean a force you I'm so sorry come up
come slowly don't hurt yourself not
exactly slow and here comes pea right up
the stairs excuse me you are not
supposed to get off the bed off the bed
off the bed stay on the bed stay stay on
the bed good girl so wait what was that
banat are you being a guitar you gotta
do the guitar to the air guitar do it
didn't do it dude ok I'm not I'm not
good to go for Dharma le
Nandini yeah yeah look Carol having a
Katy film us and I'll teach you first
got a meal put this I gotta be on one
knee okay right put one leg up other
like they'll put this leg up take this
hand like this I gotta see it because if
you don't show me then I don't know if
we're gonna be good for my band I'm
knocking yeah I just play the drum okay
you playing drums I'll play the air
guitar ready but I thought you were
doing like guitar solo so you gotta be
really good guitar solo thank you
everyone we will be available till
Christmas are you drunk what are you
doing think about two miles right now I
thought post-run ritual does a good job
another three miles down right
technically four because I went a mile
with the girls and the dude by the way
the office look at it it's looking nice
only spot is Ali section bo was saying
was that we're gonna be playing a bunch
of new songs so we haven't done that yet
as a band so I'm just kind of rehearsing
it right now because it's been a while
since recorded it if you always ask if I
get nervous for shows and the answer is
I always get a little bit nervous but
it's not really nervous it's more like
anxious like excited nice
whoa wow that was a good one move your
finger that's what happen to me nice all
right I'll get oh that went far gotta
walk with it Caitlin and I just got some
free cookies from a very nice individual
at this restaurant and the thing that I
don't that kind of like worries me is
the fact that they say so I free
gluten-free and dairy-free which kind of
means to me to imitates like cardboard
so I'm kind of curious see if these
actually taste good let's hope however
it was very very nice of him i will say
that but Kalin you're gonna be the first
one to try it well me and they smell so
good okay they do smell go up try it
well dr. really soy free dairy free
gluten free they're good sugar free oh
yeah oh my god oh so I got pride 10
minutes of silence and guess who came
home um you all be cleaning I did
kitchen is still here than when I left
your place on mmm te gee feat a damn
garden salad here you have my clean up
odds Synanon ended I call this doubt
without yes kinda like interpretive
dance but will they return now it's our
history that's your son doubt i'll slap
in the face ok can I go back to me I
getting some work is off the base that's
how you slap at the base Who am I love
of the base go to judge adding our slime
device excuse me sir you're done when
you touch mistake you get angry nerd
rock is on the way have you told him yet
he's coming ok nerd back leg fell great
day nerd rock this coming I swim for a
run I feel good I'm not anywhere near
more Charles brands today but that's ok
now I'm going to figure out what to make
for dinner
he's no help char do you want for dinner
what oh yeah I have an idea okay so
tomorrow I know we can do once we get
done in orlando real really excited calm
down calm down please don't get too
excited Roy Holliday up here well the
dogs do run up there every once in a
while that's kind of exactly why you
found her out there so I don't know who
thinks she just like flies upstairs and
doesn't touch the dog his block off i
will show you this guy's i'm kind of
impressed this is the most work he's
done all day cleaning wife he was doing
it a lot of work today you did a lot of
work today but he didn't do anything I
ask and do I said hey he's mine cleaning
up a little cleaning up that table in
particular guess what happened I started
sending you up and then you started
helping you got done didn't it that's
our relationship work sky one individual
has to start doing it and really start
getting upset and start complaining for
the other one to hop in and go you know
what honey that's my daughter I love you
sounds like a christmas carol right
there hurry up guys here I did still
waiting a nerd rock right now plans are
delayed and I don't know if you can tell
for my nose right now i think i'm
getting sick bring in the new year I
don't know it just kind of started
hitting me to just like throw out the
day just started feeling worse and worse
and worse it is what mr. know it won't
pass for you pass out welcome hows it
get on you welcome yes guy best diesel
that's asshole Marley so yeah guys our
special guest is finally here let's get
her rock how's it going hey I don't know
if she missed you or just once that
sausage sausage well nerd rock is now
safe from flying we're gonna go to bed
it's been a long day long flying day
tomorrow we're gonna go actually go to
Orlando we're gonna go see the baby and
track it maybe Travis and Jenny but
mainly Kinsley so we'll see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
and you know what I would have dirt Joe
it's putting a long time hold on mm-hmm
subscribe toodles there we go there it
is all right bye guys one is done seems
like a lady
motor co at meharry
I'm just the waiter
terms like that
man laughing man like please somebody
brings all over them not like you
