good morning Internet look we got
another just boxes hold on so as you
guys probably know we have the hometown
show coming up on the twenty-eighth to
do something a little special was we
made up 1000 physical copies is the
first time I'm looking at him to
physical copies of the new love that
we're going to give away for free as a
thank you / Christmas present premium
account really nice I just texted our
manager to let him know that we got them
he told me to open it up and look at the
disk which I have not got to do yet and
just got the wrapper off see what the
disk looks like oh shoot that looks
freaking awesome get out that looks so
cool that looks awesome look at you can
see yourself special guest is coming
tonight and right now I'm kind of
running around like a mad woman trying
to get everything clean because let's
just face it houses a little bit of mess
definitely been chaotic I'm super tired
I don't like that I wait so long to get
this stuff done I need to like I really
need to stop doing that I have a feeling
you guys will figure it out soon who
that individuals is coming to hang out
with us this year and then go to the
hometown show so I'm quite excited okay
excited I'm a little bit overwhelmed
right now but I think that's what the
holidays is all about is being
overwhelmed so guys we have a new
squirrel friend girlfriend right here is
gone squirrel friends just three of them
see him so he sees them right screwfix
squirrel
oh they're all gone now good they have
little buddies now maybe it'll come back
every day so you can scare them can you
hold down the fort got darl be back the
sword keeps locking me in I don't want
to make you jump so you thought that was
felt really bad about I failed I didn't
want to be a real asshole and jump at
you so I tried to do it as cheesy as
possible in doing very good scared like
plenty close I go back I'm gonna get my
blood taken away from me now time to go
get my blood taken for I think the last
time in a long time so the black i'll be
on chemo whoo well that was fun now my
smiley face has a weird headband so as i
keep saying they're planning on not
having me to do the chemo stuff in 2016
from january this was my last dose I'm
hoping that's still the case because I
my body needs a break because that crap
was just roughing me up so much and
we're gonna be doing a lot of Tours and
I just need to be like you know full
focal point right now so I went got that
taken care of
and heavily partners
not gonna mess himself out for a lead
help her out cuz she's running around
like a chicken with her head cut off
it's such a morbid saying the chickens
really run with their heads cut off like
is that an actual thing okay check check
check double-check got it done now i
think i'm gonna get some lunch bradley
cuz she's kind of having a rough day I'm
still asleep here's my stinky shirt
oh don't listen like you don't like it
you like stinky things ob1 Tamar Lee
face alli and I are completely in the
rush right now we have to get all the
stuff packed in a knot pak trapped and
i'm gonna work upstairs because our
special guest your dad appeared on that
is killing it upstairs so i'm gonna try
to get the office taken care of so we
can get everything out of the kitchen
and actually utilize the office as an
office and they just had a sale on GoPro
so I picked up the silver because it has
the LCD in the back bless you so bless
you again to cut the GoPro another night
of real veggies but it's going to be
grilled veggies Ali's way
get my grilled veggies out at while
getting my veggies up to grill and char
lying really loud music in the office
per usual like the only thing I've
actually made a dent is right here Simon
that it's really not even that bad it's
just organizing I just don't know where
to start it's the worst part i have no
idea where to start on things Zoey and
Marley toys with a subscribe button this
little box is probably the most valuable
thing I actually own it has literally
every vlog every thumbnail every export
pretty much my entire life is pretty
much in here on like eight drives kind
of crazy think almost a decade in my
life it's on this little thing number
one rule when cleaning up anything get
the speakers going so that way you
listen to music
you're not nope off and I can tell when
you're on here because white hair look
at this
look at this gotta get in there
organizing everything got the GoPros
organized kind of getting there little
by little let's get liveable gotta set
up Ali's chair we're getting liveable in
here
you
Allie's being the chef tonight out here
Oh smart you use the aluminum this time
are you gonna grill as various good idea
can I get you anything else would you
like me to hold your hand do you need a
smart fast cookies their head backed up
on that one I'll get your bullet carrots
you hold tight mmm is this what you
wanted one at a time you'd like a lady
would you like one it's an hors d'oeuvre
I call it luck Harry's I'm just the
waiter sara jay care ma'am relax it man
like another one please don't put your
fingers all over them not like and you'd
want at a time to make spam you're
trying to find it no just I think took
to a good tip I will feed this to you
well I don't recommend eating carrots by
your bum man care by your bum she's so
sad I'm sorry ma'am there's no more you
I'd all their orders e for a man man
least a feast for a man don't you want
to put sauce or something on this slept
over skype those are leftovers from last
night but everything else is not
leftovers feeding me leftovers mm-hmm
you lika really you don't like him now
stop you're done you're so silly
man I have the boss's dog and you're
bossy nothing be ignoring you I want to
make a carrot cake banana kick kick kick
carrot cake it is this is a bad fur baby
she's gotta go live that tomorrow though
hit those ears check again that's the
good one this is the type of day we're
having keeping Marley play fair it's
like giving a baby a bottle all I had to
do is turn on the laser instantly quiet
this is how I wrap alleys get right here
so thought the couch you like it you
have no idea what that is i'll shake it
give it back to me just don't shake it
to me because she's so sweet I'm letting
her open up one of her gifts this short
he knew about actually here it's an SD
card it's all I get we were told this is
a pretty awesome camera and we thought
it'd be kind of cool for the vlogs and
Ally wants to start doing a little bit
more photography so make sure to follow
on Instagram voice to do and
sucker actually did it like the
wedding's family together but I think
we're just I wanna use it for like when
we travel more to the hometown show
coming up but it's a sony was it sony
a6000 parentless guy like the most
that's like the fastest autofocus and
it's got interchangeable lenses it's
basically a DSLR camera but smaller more
compact you want to play around with it
it's your camera you opened it why don't
you play with it and oh it's mirrorless
too that's another interesting thing
about it how you are you tired I'm sure
it comes with a battery honey that's the
battery battery battery of course
there's a battery not there's a battery
draining look at that lords and bass
doodles be the keeper
feel one eye open
stay away
