on the floor baby Indiana bones but she
enjoys singing don't think movies Marley
is just waiting patiently right now
Rizzoli forget that she's chewing on a
bone walk away I'm not getting she's
been standing there for 15 minutes at
least we're kind of okay so hey guys we
are doing something pretty crazy today
the video we are going to judge a
Marilyn Monroe look-alike contest
at Ripley's Believe It or Not we got the
email a couple days ago and they asked
if we wanted to do it naturally we said
yes and naturally we are I have no idea
where at I will say this so one thing
that I'm so appreciative about this 1/2
the fact that it does take us on
adventures that we go into these weird
places never dive down ever so for
example that yellow thing is the
interstate and that weird freaking thing
that we just did is not the interstate
and there's absolutely no reason for us
to be going there on to because there's
no red in fact it's gonna bring us into
the red which is kind of crazy but it
just did it's kind of pretty though
really pretty kind of reminds me like
the Redwoods but not even fatties I mean
there's various got to Ripley's and
we've already seen to Maryland's getting
ready is this house guys outside its to
me okay so look at this it's 58 degrees
right now
yep you so I think this might be where
it is I don't know what it is but this
building has always been so interesting
to me I don't remember where is the
upside down no it's always been the
tilted one but looks like they're
getting ready for everything and it's
funny the first cold day of the entire
year
yeah I said it was like 53 or 58 it was
53 on the way up here and now I think
it's a little warmer but I think it's a
drop again thanks do you think this is
gonna colder I think tomorrow
once I know I have a bridal shower to go
to in there like dress accordingly no
need to dress up if it's gonna be cold
yeah I was waiting for cold weather now
I guarantee we're all gonna be
complaining about being cold coke plenty
how that works
you always want gas is always greener on
the other side we don't know where to go
so we're just getting a bunch of crepe
le went right for the coffee
so this is our score scorecard I guess
we're both on a team we're one giant
judge together but these are all in the
order of all the people it's gonna be
interesting how come it doesn't find
your face but it finds my face what'd
you do you broke it why'd you call
that's so weird
are we breaking it just cool and I have
the power so I could do this stuff it's
a psychedelic yeah it finds my face
everywhere I go but can't find you
you don't exist I'm not real
and I guess we gotta go over here I know
outfits in one song they're gonna have a
QA and then are obviously the overall
score but five is the best one is
interest in her family's joiner but on
our own time she enjoys singing dancing
and lots of movies
in creating costumes and characters
since she was 6 years old children
attending cosplay convention conclusions
in our career and special effects makeup
which is also an accomplished singer
aerialist pinup model and burlesque
performer
what is your idea of a perfect date may
be the perfect fee they have to say
medium nice night out that a pigeon is
drunk some nice champagne hue just do a
champagne maybe some listen to my
confirmation
what do you think everyone's just
hanging around
Hey
so it's full crystals or sworsky is okay
also that thing go it travels with by
the plane all this crazy stuff there's
cameras everywhere
believing that we were quite like he was
telling if she was like yeah yeah this
dress is practically like
I'm filled with Maryland's Clive Davis's
Clive David it's actually signed by
Maryland row right there
bunch of other famous oops so there was
hot studies Lucille Ball there's a
snowball
I do too I did too it's just like like
like signatures because they're made up
signatures like mine wasn't making sense
oh I am mine doesn't make any sense this
is the gala program this is where this
very famous dress the this dress was
made specifically for Marilyn Monroe and
she actually lied about what she was
wearing
for this gallic came out and dropped her
her boys age is wearing this dress that
it's made over 200 different places
that's all these ladies look so amazing
so great a photo that was sketched by
Bob Mackie was his first one you guys
share Beyonce but think about that
really risk anything says sheriff sworn
in the past 122 years old amazing
mmm-hmm
they're all computer Keys Frankenstein
it should be Frankenstein's monster I
know I know but laughs the perfect
representation of my husband I don't
know if that's probably like so heavy
your way tell her at the Marilyn Monroe
actually figure is that her height is
that life-size like really okay so she
was a lot shorter than I thought getting
a little shake of their bed because you
talk it's cuz it got deactivated you
didn't push the button oh you cheater
you saw me probably cuz you can only
have a certain time frame it's the
illusion so guess what this ball is
gonna do it is rolling up
isn't that weird that was a lot of fun
just when I think in the vlogs we've
done everything there's so much to do in
this world I never once thought ever I
would be at a Marilyn Monroe contest let
alone judging it I don't know I hope you
guys enjoy that you're so nice expected
so one I mean truly so one way huh their
voice everything way they spoke their
mannerisms everything was incredible
that daddy song by Marilyn Monroe it
creeped me out a little bit I don't know
if you guys have ever heard that song
just google Marilyn Roe daddy I don't
know if that's a name it may be sure
y'all uncomfortable no that one that's a
different song wasn't it no look up get
daddy it's maybe uneasy
hope you guys enjoyed today's video I'm
gonna go watch a movie oh hey you
chilling in your room can I have my
office back one day dude I have a
question for you guys I don't know if
I've ever asked this I know I've done in
a live show Marilyn Monroe or Audrey
Hepburn let me know in the comments I'll
see you guys tomorrow
have a good night bye
