nothing super exciting is happening
right now three years
sorry that's dancing so right now we
have like who just came over to kind of
check out a backyard pool so we're very
excited think what we can do what's
gonna look the best it's kind of crazy
did a lot of the pools can we stay up
yard but we're just putting our ideas
we're seeing what we can find
I know you're gonna hate me for I leave
I get you your medicine you did this to
yourself dude hey where are you right
now
yes Starbucks it's like the Motor Co
okay I know where you're at I'll be in a
second
so I haven't meet up with Ali they're
still not done with Christmas shopping
and of course she's dead Starbucks does
it easy fine
man I sit here
where we gotta go all right
- OH
oh really good thing we got to get Ally
a dress for the wedding for Billy's
wedding which is tomorrow and I think
the other camera by the way I'm out here
to nurse oh yeah let's address our
camera so lips can't tell who's who
ally I should get that oh my god I'm
gonna back wonderful just try that on
you should usually try that on I'll try
it on for you please try that on for me
with this on the top this is totally
Britney Justin circa 2001 lose it now he
just got flash back to 1999 to that Oh -
I'm sorry 2001 oh there's my boy we're
late to the front deck is ridiculous my
mom really doesn't need your wondering
she does have one let's hang it on the
boy hey there hold on I gotta document
this give me a hit you baby one more
time we can't see the thing now there we
go documented I really knows how I would
have to walk as I have to be on the
twist what female wedges I gotta get out
of it huh my dress I am yeah that's
getting a little bit isn't it good
because I'm so hot in this demos couch
2.0 yep Graham's couch 2.0 what is
what's this safely riff riff it no I
mean oh okay the RFID protection pocket
really fun in depth and depth there we
go
Internet what do you think I think
that's a sexy dress
it's it's Billy
you know what he needs overall is there
a longer one no you don't like my jeans
I have more jeans like this since
probably eighth grade she love me see I
have a monster tail now my cousin had a
baby that's right I guess another baby I
was fine baby
I don't really have I guess they're
fashionable wants to look good
Travis I'm so sorry I'm not a pink
person but you have a little girl what
do you expect so funny Ali hates pink
put everything speaking out and Alice
like how are they zero to three months
like I was a baby zero I got a safe it
you pick out some pretty cute baby
clothes
Internet in the comments right now left
or right describe to Ali of the most by
the way guess I noticed that while
editing last few days that the freaking
camera the other camera this one's fine
is completely broken
not because of me it was actually
because Alice she splashed water at the
pool that was your fault this time right
look at how we change changing the
subject what you on camera I embraced
and we didn't break killer getting that
fix guys I apologize snow much fun good
is it snow and the Bears and it's it's
so much fun because they're having fun
such a jolly old man so we had a guy
come earlier today and try to explain
what we could do for a pool and now Ali
and I are kind of having some second
thoughts because all right so would come
out to here right I'm beautiful gnarly
beautiful it comes from here we'd have
this whole area I think because we'd
have to get a screen because the leaves
here are just too ridiculous this so the
screen would come out of here and so I
would only leave us with this much of
like a yard in the yard just in general
so beautiful beautiful we were talking
about like this is like a family type of
house so when you start you know
eventually growing a family you know
having a pool laughs plant see like that
but you'll want to you know the risk of
a pool just you know makes things a lot
scarier when you have kids so we were
thinking maybe this might not be the
best idea we're still talking with a guy
we're gonna probably try to find
something a little better but I just
don't like the fact okay this entire
section from here would be no more grass
like no more raw right here
it would only be this little section and
I don't know then just for the resale
value to it just might be a really smart
idea
but we were thinking about doing maybe
is kind of redesigning this and getting
this taken up and duty like a paver type
situation and make this into a
screened-in porch kind of so that way we
still have you know the yard obviously
still but this would be a place so we
can keep the door open and because if
from Florida got to keep the mosquitoes
away from Ally you know and we're dengue
I don't know we're touring with ideas
still but you know eventually figure out
one thing that we want to do I will show
you guys designs we can kind of go some
like tips and suggestions so what are
you gonna wear to this ugly Christmas
sweater for you go away that's a nice
ugly sweater there on a high five
hello five D unamused
live live okay really can I have a shake
okay have a shake
thank you say they have another one
you're such a brat you know what I'm
gonna take anyway come here come here I
want to shake this dog right here has
more problems issues and did you tell
everybody that acting dermatologist oh
yes right because it's got Diesel's like
your nose itching with his paws Ali
actually has to take them to a dermatome
see that's what I'm saying that sounds
funny but a Bernie look koozies well we
had to make sure whenever young a little
sweater - yes we had to make sure our
that everybody was there and I have and
Caitlyn look we're taking another
challenge we have a planner really and I
have my hand below my happiness but we
are honorable we was unity care I know
you guys have missed both of these girls
and that one too
so very bad we're all back oh yeah so
this is Claire's um a goose Twitter
party
Jojo and I have a feeling it's gonna be
a really well night knowing Claire
everybody out of here oh it's a
Christmas Massacre out here christmas
mavica help I promise not filming
happiness oh I got it alright good you
got your God and area look at this
beautiful really Jews almost choked up
small Christian life
oh my god
do you remember sweet Chris we now what
Caitlyn is making something super
delicious on my arm I always miss it
looks amazing all these other amazing
griddle in here Oh
and then you scarf and owie that's
beautiful I'm American and a Merry
Christmas I am but it's a little cooler
hi Kumar and he's over there
there's Kona hey Shauna hi pretty oh
hello yes well for Shauna of course you
do and gate okay thanks to you guys
letting me know the broken camera that
Ali totally broke that I did not break
at all not me at all
who's Ali oh yeah by the way this guy
looks like a mafia guy doesn't
I just found the best secret gift I can
give Ali she has no idea - as I said oh
no I'm just getting kids Ali's been
edited decider and she's totally perfect
for it you guys want also see some kind
of funny I was going interesting
polygamists
they actually have USB double-a
rechargeable batteries now fucked over
know what there he goes
yes they heard they see happy elephant
holidays
what's up texture this is Chris I've
known Chris forever and this is Darla
and look at her sweater Chris she looks
better than you I'm in charge so I means
everyone so listen to me and that means
nobody on the bed I'm going to send a
photo get you all in trouble
get off the bed off the bed everyone off
the bed thank you
off the bed Thank You Zoey for listening
well guys I'm just practicing the songs
for the hometown show coming up and
watching my favorite show in the world
and yeah so hope you guys enjoyed
today's video and we will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a wonderful
evening
bye guys doodles come back stay around
I'm gonna take
heartless girl Charles he's
better-looking person
