good morning so Kate's here and my mom's
on her way we are gonna go have lunch
with cousin and government today because
everybody's Christmas week has started
sleeping as usual
sorry immediately started doing some
work when I woke up and I got distracted
by Google
they had just like Beethoven thing going
who's had a matchup think it was like
the ninth the moonlight sonata and then
the I remember the one it's called the
water goes down it's too yeah we need to
go down you need to walk down
so dumb but every time I try to do some
work and just do a simple google search
I get distracted by their games that's
the simple fix that they're put that
they're perfect and in all Beethoven
clumsy clumsy Beethoven
I read the game now Beethoven is famous
and now I can do my google search which
I genuinely have no idea okay now that
the chemos gone I can go back to running
and although that was just the worst
mile I've done in a long time
I'm getting back to it vlogging and
running but I just wanted to keep this
on record but I'm back on the road
literally cars are running and I'm
feeling super exhausted today came back
here it's a little bit more work and now
all I want to do this sleep I don't know
why there's just like some days where I
just don't want to do anything and to
top it off I woke up this morning you
guys can't like see it really but like
you can see that my eye is a little
puffy right there and right there I
don't know if you guys can see it and
it's kind of like coming out I woke up
and I had like a rash all over my face
like right here it was swollen on my
neck on my chest everything you can see
a little redness like if you guys look
see a little bit of the redness and
apparently like that's gonna happen I
guess for a little while after having
the holding
thing and it's so annoying it's so itchy
and it really really bothers me and I
look crazy I mean look at this it's can
you guys see it
see the little poofiness right there so
I'm kind of like ah you guys understand
what I was saying there to us
I'll take 10 minute miles not my best
but I'll take it for just getting start
again so if you guys watch yesterday's
video fill Ally myself surprised Melissa
with a trampoline and we built it and
everything
sorry pointed out in the comments look
at this now just watch Marley busted
Marley's busted busted
god I love the dollar toy bin here I
tell you to try this is only a dollar
the kind of hilarious if this actually
works and the big ones don't we got to
get this for Marley
she'll be Santa and then the Zoey can be
an elf just like buddy so I don't know
what happened my calendar I had for
Billy's bachelor party today I just got
a drunken text I think
and apparently everything was deleted
such a bad friend I made it you know
congratulations what two more days
yeah these last two days left you guys
sure should go ahead and trap that close
to the edge you almost fell off crab
gets really freaked out you see that
point to the guy behind you
Danny's gonna leave because he gets to
go see my son my new son does the CT
Nova my new son buddy I want him to meet
Joe and Marlene yeah actually I feel
like buddy is exactly like Marley so be
kind of fun yeah I'm sure you have
reasons to go back home I'm gonna stay
around
well me too much the other I just I'm
hanging around
nice to meet you Charles
he's a better looking version Oh
he's taller classier better dress
sandals
Charles ended up having to Brandon and
the boys to go out for Billy's snakes if
you guys don't know who that is snake
his bachelor party because he's getting
married on Saturday
and all the guys are out there and
they're playing top golf I get stuck at
home which is a good thing that's
something hanging out with the dog
melissa is gonna be here soon we have to
do podcast tonight oh oh and then I have
to clean up this mess I have to do the
bed some kind of surprising Charles and
I got all new bed stuff we were talking
about how we wanted it and you know the
dogs kind of mess up the other ones so
they surprised him then I got new bed
stuff that was like one of our like our
quote unquote group gifts like her as a
couple gift that I'm doing for us and I
think you'll be pleasantly surprised
which I know it sounds kind of weird I
feel like people are like why would you
get a new bed set but I'm all about
sleeping nice and comfortable and we're
trying to get the dogs not to sleep on
the bed so I thought this is a good
fresh start it's getting something comfy
to sleep on
literally that's it nothing too crazy
got the really pretty runes and deep you
know almost sapphire Blizz I just love
it oh I got to show you one other thing
when we're at the store uh Charles
picked up some ugly sweaters for the
dogs so this is Marley's can you see
what she is she's Santa Claus and here's
diesel you want to say hi I want to show
him your Christmas sweater he's a good
idea Christmas hooter yeah I really like
it it's nice I blame Charles I would
never do it for any other occasion than
for a holiday and a photo and that's it
that chunk of goat cheese I love you
guys remember this blossom er in Brazil
this means no this means go and drop and
I think they're gonna be the only ones
that haven't know the last time
how's that that hummus that hummus voila
that's number one that's number two and
incomplete I was wanting to show you
guys this we've been getting a lot of
gifts from you guys and we are so
thankful thank you thank you so much who
do not have to do that and sending us
these letters that are completing out
CTFxC and they're each done by an admin
member so thank you very so much I know
we have the other see it's packaged up
somewhere I will grab it and I will put
it out thought it was so cool how
amazing this is you know you guys are
making this Christmas very special I
know for Charles but definitely for me
too because it's overwhelming to just
see all this kindness and all these
gestures and I'm not good to it so you
know from all of you guys I'm not saying
I'm not use it from all of you guys but
it's just it's really overwhelming and
heartwarming so thank you so so much
raisa I'm digging the fence of lights
though oh yeah yeah
it's in the spirit dry campaign Ojeda
candy cane and he got a Santa hat and
Santa driving right now
Vanya to Marley comes and ruins a day
I'm going to finish playing with Zoey
edit the video and go to bed okay go
smart out of here
he's gonna get out thank you thank you
so much for watching today's video guys
I don't forget to subscribe and people
see you tomorrow
it was the fun police
