good morning Internet today is gonna be
a fun day because today we're surprising
my sister with an early Christmas
present I bought her a trampoline now
Phil's on his way and we've got these
two big-ass boxes and we're gonna try
and symmetry now and it's Phil I like to
say it's almost 1:00 because it's your
anniversary
Melissa it's their anniversary yes daddy
but this gift right here is for Melissa
but I think it's gonna be for Phil and
for char myself yep bill wait you're
proposing no we're gonna put it on the
center of the trampoline bounce it out
to see that you have to catch it you
know it's gonna be different yeah I
don't know if this matters anymore cause
it wasn't this is fragile this weighs up
all right let's do this
what tools what kind of tools do you
have any tools Phil I have tools yes I'm
- are you sure you have to us I'll be
I'll bring the drill I got mr. hammer so
I got some pink tools for you
if listen to seize this against me me
puncher in the head this might turn into
a house instead of a time playing or a
fort I look at it I can afford terms
more well good thing I didn't box cut
this little hole right there for the
basic jumps and body positions very well
before trying more difficult to stop
yeah learn that that's a basic that's a
good one babe stop your balance by
flexing your knees as you as your feet
come in contact with the trampoline man
don't do that I'm noticing though
there's a lot of safety on this one
compared to when I was younger there's a
net on it and that is demon that's gonna
be the thing that's gonna be the
pain-in-the-ass thing we're not gonna
end up doing there's all this foam stuff
got a bath yesterday and now you look
all this dirt all over you there's
something like you get from the
government this oh my god was it comes
home white like three hours
well good she can help us alright so we
got the diameter now good big-ass
trampoline perfect I'm very optimistic
though I'm very often was not here Phil
and I have you really screwed this would
not be a trampoline this would just be a
pile of mess who came in we were just
like together
you
what the hell is this good just trying
to get first why it's on internet does
anyone know what this is the Kuna Matata
listen let's just call him hey babe
fresh one Arnaudville got you a fresh I
think it sort of look like a trampoline
we had to do the double jump
it's working
it's exhausting isn't it I
so funny Phil's jumping so high he's
like popping out of the camera screen
Emily porch our kids stand up for his
life hobby got some sweet moves going on
buy stuff that bill and unfortunately
Charles can't seem to stand up we're not
sure really what's going on here folks
come on fatty come on huh oh not real
sure what's happening here
I would like you guys to say that you
give away all rights to sue on camera
please so much dirt where is diesel
he's uh he's out of a bush cut the
slo-mo
the fun part of waiting Melissa doesn't
get off for about another hour so Ali
went to go see if you can find the big
giant bow that we can put on top of it
those are cute
now we just made sure we don't give away
our cover
no barking guys mutt come on really
ready turn this way no that way right
here face down now up how do you like
your Christmas presents like good life
scrunchie
Rhys pressed its tumour survives if he's
kept a secret oh you kept a secret it
was really hard for me I felt a little
what where are you going what's so
exciting I felt a little bad about it
because when I wrapped Melissa out to
the garage to show or something it was
like right in the corner and I really
wanted to be like oh and this right here
is your Christmas fish but I did it yeah
so we're going to add a nice little
fancy dinner to celebrate Melissa and
Phil's two year you know we're just
tagging along that's what we do
this thing took 30 minutes to make it's
a special thing it gets here and feels
like what it takes for the 20 minutes to
prepare 10 minutes cool you teach them
how to do that pretty awesome to get to
surprise my little sister with that
trampoline I'm surprised that we
actually were able to do that because
you guys have seen the things that I
have put together or Phil and I have
actually put together I think was Ali
that kept the whole team together
literally don't forget to subscribe guys
that have a great night doodles bye guys
