good morning internet so today Marley
gets to go to the vet this is the first
time you're gonna be by yourself you
don't wanna go to that Zoe trust me
Marley's got something wrong with it you
again of course very sick are you losing
weight very consistent the demeanors
just watch Marley all you got to do here
that's big old win over there Zoe you're
so happy you probably didn't get to go
there I know you don't know where we
went but we went to the vet smell it now
that stuff makes your ears look gross
mark apparently Marley has another ear
infection yes you you big idiot
catching your tongue I'm trying to get
your tongue Michael I won Miss
too fast I'll get that done I'll get it
prolly Lucy right side let me see look
at that pee on you Marv so you walk
right into the hill diesel we gotta stop
peeing on my he is so happy about it you
better stop by killing here look at Zoe
does first thing right back to her
swimming pool what's floating like
normal so he stopped drinking that mark
don't go in the pool yet you pee all
over you so unfortunately she went right
into the line of fire it's all up on her
neck oh there oh she can't even close it
up a little higher right there why don't
you go in there yeah
oh is it will just snorting managed to
make now that the hot tubs not here how
much space there is look you can have a
dance party right there those are sweet
moves sexy the tree on oh yeah oh yeah I
think you had me at the foot wiggle
bossy I know she is so bossy as entry
good girls oh you like we just drove all
the way down here watch Mary slip I know
she loves it
I know you need some help getting in I
will yank you with no sacrifice I can
can I have your wall and everything why
do you want I wallet I know you look at
it and you sir you are a wimp three I
just you know what I love so much about
her is that her tail is always going
like a million miles of it it's like
happy down happy dog happy dog cat be
stuck oh look I should take playing with
it leave please don't let me leave me
alone us will do dog that much that
she's not even willing to like step out
of foot oh my god no I'm seriously I'm
not yes I already thought over there I
actually did see it get away from get
away I don't know I don't trust you I'm
watch don't matter yeah you don't push
me isn't this so sad that we both can't
just say we literally can't stand around
each other without thinking of you hug
stop java right of your hug honey too
don't please to love you please don't
Charles Djou Charles yeah I'm just love
you I love you too nobody can know maybe
it smell bad or something oh oh good
jobs over I just want to make sure her
legs didn't hit the books I'd never the
bubbles need those bubbles remember the
bottles yeah well yeah exploring he's
starting to really contemplate whether
or not he wants actually go in the pool
gets to the edge and then he steps back
diesel what oh no wait what no so much
no no do you think that Charles I will
hurt you don't put a wet thing down my
shirt I was gonna put guys Charles
promise away yeah you tell him you're
starting to tick me off sir promise I'll
go down this where you put this
where you gonna put it what no Charles
get away from me please honey oh you're
amazing and I love you but I will drop
kick out in the face he's okay you
wonder why he doesn't do things this is
a big baby like this is why it's such a
big baby he doesn't go anywhere and do
anything without Elly my friends join me
the Mockingjay you got out we will go up
against the Capitol
what are you doing there can't be doing
it yes heavy on the cheetah print I do
miss living on the water sometimes but
every time I walk out flicking off all
these skills the water is just like
breeding grounds so that part I don't
miss thinking I get super zoo or she
looks like an old lady yep oh my got
that cups so everybody is clean now ha
Charles pickups now they're gone are
they are they gone look at your face
thank you kind of think they got are
they yeah they're gone see cipriana give
me a heart attack welcome here thank you
hello what you turn there's no more hot
tub over there that's free yeah but
that's so crazy it's so open so looks
play though that's really nice house
we're doing an awesome job yeah he's
been kicking ass there's mama trippy
over there smiley you look like a queen
sitting on this bed of colors are you
familiar with that device actually I've
been pretty good at putting locks
together and realizing I mean it's not
one of those ones that's connected to
your smartphone do you know how to use
it this one I don't there's supposed to
be like a key of sorts I believe the key
goes on that up not working is it at
work we're good girl I'm not sure I'm up
oh no I don't see it doesn't work out
like it I like things are
automatically oh yeah got two against
one year service and attention uh-huh
real safe real safe company on a busy
street one uh-huh I got locked out I
couldn't get back in there see ya see
Sam salad I didn't sell it she didn't
sound like her she got left out I
remember every year this I skills it so
pretty kills it every year trains aren't
running this year it's not running right
now just hanging out where is it you got
the nutcrackers on the front the back
that is chilling looks like trains in
the depot I'm out a lot of drive you can
drive nothing about dogs can't drive I
don't think that's actually a lot
because we loved it so much last time
we're doing it again we're just gonna
grill a salad essentially grilled salads
are delicious once our asparagus nope
was that you you're burping is like
pretty gnarly you're pretty girls our
internet I just want to say goodnight
alleys a little bit uh in a decrying
mode right now the birthing video for
trav and Jenny it was just beautiful
yeah it was a picture go check that out
guys and give him all the love Kinsley
is now here and um you know she's
absolutely beautiful and it's the
coolest thing you're crying again I've
known trap a long time and he's a goofy
dude and the fact that he's a dad now
just is the coolest and scariest thing
ever because I've known her forever and
it's gonna make a great dad and I just
wondered yo she's made an absolute
amazing mom and Elvis is gonna be good
was that the brother stepdog i guess and
i can't wait to us hear what you got
it's got to be crazy right now so we're
just getting a little bit time and then
we're gonna go get the meter for the
first time which we cannot wait to do
anyway don't forget to subscribe guys
and we will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a good night by just doodles
I do that wrong hey guys
I think it's just together
Oh
Charo
Purdue
