let you down learn that ducks are very
messy little duck oops so much holy crap
so today we are bringing our little guys
to a farm that we found there a little
dirty now because they were playing in
their water this is the guy that loves
me so much that was having trouble
walking look at him now all right guys
go your farm this is our little hero
sandy and Dawn they're gonna rescue our
little guys bye guys enjoy your farm I
tried to control the booth but that's
uncontrolled yeah that's just what they
do get through gone you're not a farmer
I cleaned out like 40 times last night
this morning I know I can't keep up like
I go up now that the Ducks are safe in
their new home we have made contact with
these people so if we find any more
ducks or any other peacocks or anything
like a llama we know where to take them
but they were nice super nice people
right now we're gonna try to find a
place to get some french toast ghost
chairs good old wheezy waiter taught me
that that's my favorite thing is that
everything that Frank's little wheezy
waiter
this how many calories 45,000 9 x 240
food porn ali just got some free
biscuits and gravy cuz she's so sweet
copies of you
it's hugging it up I think Ali's the
only person I know that you cross your
eyes good she can
I got a harmonica so we can sing with
Zoe that's what your voice sounds like
yeah
I tell you do chords on it I never
thought about putting your tongue on the
hole so that way it sounds she's ever
saying for you her eyes are my favorite
see all these things I Emily got that on
David doing officer walk it off I did
the water and she's got a higher pitch
he's got a higher pitch voice and Joe
he's got the two days ago was when I
stopped the chemo my body is still
trying to get rid of all the crap and
the poisons in my body and every once in
a while it just kind of knocks me on my
ass and I just have to lay down I've
been like kind of resting in the office
which by the way has been freaking
awesome to have the office completely
done well not completely done done to
the point where i can actually use it
again but it's been kinda nice to be
able to just go here it just kind of
relax demasiado I'm sorry about that
lesson 2 comments who yard by everyone I
don't know why you're onto contagious
put their pain the ass what was it
talking about oh yeah good guard dogs 1
and 2 over there and three taking up the
foot they're becoming best buddies over
there come in for gifts for everybody
else and I gathered towels for our house
because we have a special guest for this
coming up into the month which will tell
you about
then I find myself in the dog aisle
which I definitely think I need to get
the dogs to another Zagreb they have
plenty I feel like I should so get
another one for Christmas found
something pretty proud of my Christmas
shopping is almost done every time I
feel like I'm about done I forget
someone and I end up having to fight yet
another gift I got a lot done today so
that's a good thing and enjoyed that
kiss me otherwise I'm gonna throw up
hopefully everyone's okay hi our
neighbors love when I Drive the dogs
around they think it's the funniest
thing in the world I'm basically a float
a parade float this is the least
threatening police car I've ever seen in
my entire life every time I bring all
three of them it makes me laugh because
Zoe and my layer just so chill about it
is like good yeah whatever these Alyssa
they're like veterans I pretty much fell
asleep for I don't know how long in my
office my stomach is it's always two
days one or two days after the chemo
gets so getting out of my body just get
this Rex me and I've been trying to just
kind of like sleep through it and just
get it over with because hopefully by
tomorrow I'll be I'll be golden and then
I'm looking forward to it because then I
have no more of this crap so I'm really
excited about I know I keep saying that
but I mean it really is exciting
Ali's been doing all the final touches
of her Christmas shopping I on the other
hand finished it up online because I'm
smart and I can't I can't stand like
going Christmas shopping at stores right
now because everyone just it's the
holiday season right it's Christmas so
everyone should be happy and cheerful
but I don't know if you guys ever
noticed like during like Christmas and
the holiday like December everyone just
gets evil like with parking spots like
everyone turns into like trying to find
a parking spot either in high school or
college I don't if you're in high school
college you know exactly what I'm
talking about alright so I try to avoid
it as much as I possibly can how would
you guys have you finished your
Christmas shopping and do you like to do
it online or do you like actually go
into the store and actually finding oh
that's a pawn that's all it seems like
something Ali would do the diesel is
aware that he's getting his miss so he
sahi so I just said that our house is a
wreck right now because we've been
moving things in and out of the office
and then Christmas gifts and crap is
everywhere and because the stuff that
was in the office we have no place for
so we're putting it out in the living
room and I go Charles our house is a
wreck and you said I was trying to clean
it out
I threw away a lot there's a lot of
thrown away stuff you just don't see cuz
it's towed away I got this toy online
for a dollar and there's the
instructions so you know it's going to
be good there's a google translate so
here's the directions would later with a
lighter ignite paper on coins and the
other pieces paper will burn two pieces
of paper with a lighter what cut out a
dollar coin into coin above the two
pieces of paper I think the challenge is
figuring out the broken English mm-hmm
pieces of paper cut out too where's to
with index finger ok do I light it
on fire on the word on fire all see what
happens what's supposed to happen well
some saucily maybe you're supposed to
put them both together you heard of me
and like to visit a paper together and
be like nothing oh maybe that wasn't
cool I really thought this was gonna be
so much more explaining that's so two of
those really I think you're supposed to
put them together to this paper together
like that like I cannot come to the
president for alarm anything going off I
did it I don't know that you're supposed
to be doing what's the create fire smoke
Oh out of smoke this clearly states
weren't supposed to do I'm sure someone
can translate it for me a day later feel
like there's a lesson to be learned here
it looks so sad
I saw the video I was cool your fingers
I see it well I think you're just get
away from the smoke honey this is def I
not I don't think as well as what we
doing magic trick gone terribly wrong
there we go haha you blown into my face
fireman no no no no no what don't let
him look at the little that can I yeah I
don't like that smell no magic right
there in English clear clear as day none
of the magic this is just frustrating
made in China but then everything else
is in Chinese didn't give you any
English theoretically supposed to go
like this it's what school the whole
thing like now my fingers everything but
my fingers obviously like knows this
whole thing I don't understand I don't
supposed to get like you're supposed to
get this stuff on your fingers Zoe and
then the oil yeah hopefully this isn't
something like crazy i put my fingers we
got it for a dollar what are you
thinking in the oil when you go like
this it's supposed to die it's supposed
to do basically this so just imagine
like that and that's what's supposed to
do like that so just reach I'd like this
thing is not burning right now magic hey
oh my god ah something of course is on
fire Charles your girl yeah yeah the
bowl keeps moving around so she puts her
foot in it
put that foot in there you're relatively
smart Marley what's up ty pod every time
Ali cooks we got a little helper this is
my favorite part right here the garlic
bread so what's the movies tonight what
do or not when you want to take with a
girl let's just say that you bring her
to your house and you guys you could do
the net fixin chill like what's what's
the best genre of movie I always go Kali
I always say more guys poor girls you
see whore whore haha cork thriller like
they'll be like oh suspense thriller
look hm do you want to watch your uncle
in homeward bound oh I guess it would be
your grandpa can watch your grandpa and
homeward bound several descendants screw
it just wanna watch what we're bound see
you guys tomorrow have a great night
doodles bye guys can't see that woulda
been cool had that actually worked
that's where I was planning on whatever
