look he's singing on with me he's
hanging out surfing oh you're shaking
are you cold I'll clean you up let me
clean you up good morning
you're up early here comes the next one
good morning
I like to call us the green gangsta the
green gangster yeah the green it's the
green gangsta
it's the ultimate smoothy that's cool
what's where you wanna go
poke the boy there we need for funding
the AG's right now it's a bunch of junk
it's like a giant garage sale right now
that's why I like about flea markets the
antiques and the rare antiquities to say
oh my goodness I remember you look at
the here yeah well and I walking around
we saw this cage of three ducks baby
duck baby dogs that were obviously look
they're poorly treated
yeah they don't think they're being
poorly treated so we're just going to
we're going to do is liquefy them we're
gonna clean them up and we're gonna take
them to an animal sanctuary a bird
sanctuary Huey Dewey and Louie with all
that and hearing Louie duck tail like
you should see there they just put paper
in there and it's also rock they were
gonna they were trying to put three
ducks in a shoebox and Ali was like come
on guys really yeah I said it I go you
got to be kidding me give him a bigger
ball these are new Frizzle dirty it is
sweeties
Huey and Louie yeah you guys just need
cake it's okay now they're gonna hang
out with the doctor like going around
and so you can get some stuff to clean
them because this breaks our heart this
alley it was on the verge of tears
so this is something that we had to do
so unfortunately we had to have him in
this box but I'm coming over to check on
these guys hey guys doing okay
they were just in these awful awful
conditions between the my good water and
you know good and safe and then tomorrow
we're gonna bring him to a local shelter
to make sure that they have a good home
they're so cute oh my god they're so
late but I don't know I just I saw him
and I was talking to her and I just
couldn't bear like leaving them there to
the rescue I come back with everything I
just ran into three kids that kid comes
away a little younger than me but they
were at the flea market and she's like
what are you doing because they saw me
filming and I've said oh oh you know I'm
just filming you in do it and she the
girl walks over and with her boyfriend I
think and they both go oh my god we were
just gonna rescue them we saw them at
the flea market it was just so terrible
so they were gonna do the same thing
look they're all in the house they're
like what are those things give you
water like a duck they definitely don't
want to be away from each other I think
they like you this image behind you is
hellacious dogs
though he's the one always in grass
you got so funny over you think I'm done
I'm done
done with this
I can see that one of them what I love
it look at them being water they trust
you though do we film what it looked
like before leaving filming their
conditions Italy Oh see look hey I like
you now you can be my friend too baby
oh I got all the water right good luck
come here let them get some little bugs
and stuff now come on we're friends now
yeah
so cute
can you speak duck
feel better
is this letting you dry them now
which is a stick I think they're just
enjoying the fact that you will run
around as you put on it
they getting fluffier that means they're
driving that one's still learning how to
walk I think
Kili right here we do we know this
he really really really do easily here
Louie it's the first one this has got to
be QE we're friends
it's all wanted me to buy each other
we're trying to get dry I know you're
not happy it is chilling I think they
just enjoy it like running around can't
tell who's a male I feel like he's a
male he's so much bigger than the other
two I'm sure you guys in the internet
world might know or even what kind of
ducks these are laughing over
if I feel way better now the after duck
inspection hey they go exactly where the
freakin Ducks were and diesel just pees
on it deed they are in their little
house right now because we wanted to
make sure they got along with dogs sorry
about this weird they have my head is
for my hat she's pretty calm about it
diesel and I don't even nor Marley s up
she's over deck are searching for the
Ducks right huh why we put them in a big
box and put some blankets in there a
little like towel blankets and that's
newspaper and food and fresh water doing
a fine job babe I'll start editing so
this is the bookshelf that we got
ordered that we got ordered guys in we
got then good good good we were supposed
to get it for the office but when they
delivered it it was so early in the
morning I was just like just leave it
there it turns out it looks way awesome
in here so I think we're gonna move this
into the office what are you doing there
sir are they doing never pooping
everywhere oh look at how good they look
something so big look Luffy looks so
much better
you guys pooped all over everything like
all right well I don't care anymore
no he's ripping the tape off if we had a
different situation
I would totally keep them is the best 25
dollars we've ever spent hi oh that was
a massive poop look for happiness on
camera maybe put one of these paper
towel things in there to play with there
other ways let them see them they're
just kind of cool with it kind of chill
with it now you want to look again
your best buds are these new buds
they're actually playing with the paper
towel tube they're definitely a lot
happier than being with that chump I
know a lot Dana but I never saw like
your skin and stuff ya know the hair is
falling out
ya know I hope today's video meant as
much as it did to you as it did to Ally
myself you know obviously we have a very
soft spot for animals to us it doesn't
matter you know how small the animal is
because that one animal you know what do
they say to that one animal you might be
the world to them well it's just we had
to do what we had to do and I'm very
very happy that we did it
tomorrow's gonna be really awesome going
to the little farm and giving them a new
home I guess what I'm just trying to say
is that I hope this kind of video just
kind of served as some sort of reminder
because it was a huge reminder and
wake-up call to me when ally wanted to
do this that if you see something try to
help it do something basically it's what
I'm trying to say thank you so much for
watching don't forget to subscribe thank
you guys see you tomorrow
seriously
I feel like you really would though well
you don't like that music every I will
give you an a-plus so for cooking lawyer
not feeling too much
sorry off the top you can cook however
you want I'm not going to waste you I'm
very excited about this meal
I started to take a bite
