who got a little fun package thanks much
pretty sure it's my mammoth pedal in a
nice little bit get a little wear these
Brett maybe maybe Travis can use in his
hair okay there we go the unveiling it
looks so good and it's hand painted to
be awesome live what time is it it's
fall time what time is it it's well time
really you were just so excited and I
you're not even excited really you're
not even gonna choke the little bit of
excitement now so Internet I have
freaking amazing amazing news sorry I'm
so great just gonna help our boy Travis
and our girl Jenny finally had their
daughter and she's so pretty Kinsley
James Robinson clark was born today was
also JJ's birthday so good day to be
born he's still pretty as Travis Wood
Elvis thought and he said that Elvis was
licking her face all day so adorable so
we got a nice little nice there so we
have a new family member of we the kings
can't really do with Zoey's you're
probably do with Marley
is so
Oh
years of ever listen to this song it's
freaking depressing that's precious I
gave you my heart for anything to get
away this year too big for your official
i think it's hopeful it's hopeful what
is that a depressing for my mind last we
have full rather than happened date my
different when you really break down
there's your rhymes christmas songs
they're incredibly weird Nursery Rhymes
especially or creepy damn it I really
got to be all Christmas songs are super
excited maybe we'll find something to
keep Marley out from going under the bed
finally do you think cycling because I
keep like hearing something over there I
just I gather here we could get little
little girl clothes now for traffic
Rollo Kinsley if you're right you're
right I doubted you but you're right no
cuz you'll push that if you dealt with
stuff you want Oh shucks shields rut run
our head right into it I'm feeling
pretty good we're getting some stuff
done septa no you're not well today's
the last day for a year so I'm pretty
pumped Kinsley's born JJ's birthday
getting things done for a year that's
always saying I'm pretty stoked about
that crosses fingers tremors so I'm
hoping for ever to see this is okay i
just wanted to give you an idea this
doing stuff like this cuz I don't more
about
okay kind of crazy I'm just coming out
but do you know you remember our little
projects of painting we never succeed
you finished it I painted those pieces
oh those one pieces will wear that hung
up though where are they some of them
we're really bad about finishing our
jobs i think i'm trying to think of
thumb like I argus hello love Lee here I
forgot again haha can you put that thing
back up so here's the thing this is what
I wake up to every morning okay and
we're not doing that I think this is
great absolutely not in your dreams my
dear friend I think we've lost our
that's the fuzzy it's so soft isn't it I
like god it's so saw wouldn't go I
wouldn't get up either maybe if we got
that then the dogs wouldn't do anything
they're just lay there quietly they
would do the hugger I now are guaranteed
although look how nice is when it's
vacuum that's exactly why we should buy
us because it looks so nice and clean
when it's back aft just have the robot
dude double time somebody pointed out
the twittersphere that in november 30th
vog 24 406 around 310 in the vlog alley
called wind travis and james kids
okay hi I'm going to change it to
december six how do you want to be trans
kids even out already daddy heart that's
actually pretty impressive let's go I
got what I wanted that's fun we've been
doing this is Black Friday I feel like I
found the key of doing it the good thing
about bed shopping is that they have
these whole setup examples so it makes
it nice and comfortable Nora hats look
at this the Aztec design looks like we
were just ahead of the curve on that
like all over the place now so you guys
know our hats I ktv hats Allie totally
with ahead of the curve and call the
aztec print as being the new style as
you can see it at store they're all over
the place they went from flowers and you
called it high five
if you guys want any of those awesome
hats CTFxC emerge come on buddy the elf
does it make you feel better if I go
like this if you're less dumb right well
I think it's official our flytrap has
died the worst part is you can see how
the flies that are round the stupid
slide trap that the flytrap did not get
to normally Ali's usually the cook but
I'm gonna be the cook today what are you
doing ignoring me so I'm gonna do kini
what is this squash so I'm gonna roast
some squash and some zucchini and
mushrooms and peppers gonna be awesome
the master chef of the household I'm not
sure that's injure Allah I don't know
that's come she tries I'm trying to say
that the magical chef of this house is
not you what green peppers we've got
yellow squash because in keeney we have
yes trees we love trees some onion we're
going to have these beautiful tomatoes
Santana done dancin of them but they
work well I kind of funion you seriously
what full onion in there just a mess for
you I feel like you really would though
well you don't like onions are bad for
you i will give you an A plus 0 for
cooking while you're not feeling too hot
crap I'm sorry I'll stop you can cook
however you want I'm not gonna tell you
what to do I'm very excited about this
meal would you have more Funyuns in
there more climbing tonight I tried to
take a bite I ate an entire onion for
video a few years ago it was really
gross
you have your own stomach vinegar I also
decided to get a little bit fancy and do
some grilled pineapple get the fruit
intake feel like this is a nice healthy
dinner I think as everyone always does
for new years resolutions is like eat
healthy do more exercising cuz I'm going
to be off chemo I feel like it's even
more important that I do those things
just keep up with those things so my
need you guys help in the internet world
get to every once in a while is totally
ok though it's got to be okay so we've
decided to just go from just like a stir
fry vegetables we morphed it into the
pineapple to cook fine up the grilled
pineapple so it's such an interesting
thing the grill nope I don't think you
can have pineapple I try a little tiny
bit of grilled pineapple I looked online
it's okay okay try it wow you like it
she doesn't like fresh pineapple but
she'll wash your fresh pineapple she
didn't like it go that's all I figured
out I can't seem to go to any store now
without coming back with some sort of
toy nicole says root beer lose the water
I fear I seem really bad things ever so
how you knock the refrigerator over so
we gonna do you gotta put it way back
here that's way too easy and the bit
that was good and there she goes I don't
blame your Marley I don't blame you this
is like a scary movies every deeply frog
she's open the door went to bed I think
I was always popping up okay no thank
you now give it a little turn take the g
/ just say okay hello Zoe knows that
we're too much and don't make eye
contact with her Jimmy off boy see
banana banana
yeah I kind of mentioned it little by
little last couple days but today today
actually right now I'm going to be
taking the last dose of chemotherapy
that they had me scheduled on I was
supposed to do it for one year and then
we're taking an entire year off
hopefully fingers crossed forever off
I'm so freaking excited but to be
completely honest I'm really nervous too
because you know it's just it's
nerve-wracking I don't really know how
so like say that but it makes me nervous
I'm so excited to be off of it though
him in wrong because my body the last
couple days I've just been feeling like
such crap my body needs a rest we're
going to be off of it with regular
check-ups and so long as nothing shows
in any of the checkups we're gonna be
coasting on smooth waters fingers
crossed guys I hate this crap and you
guys don't hate scrap the final bag in
the trash fuck that shit thank you so
much for supporting me this entire
freaking year of this crap and we will
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night don't forget to subscribe
bye guys oodles see you guys here's to
an awesome year hasn't even started yet
but good start yeah wait can I tell you
one time fee
power cord Nick
like them thanks to the elderly
when y'all get married anyway
