oh yes you guys are actually being best
friends right now
best friends
Oh diesel things on that side here
Doug's a dick
he's funny though he's got a sense of
humor gotta show you guys this I've got
some gifts down there
he's guarding everything making sure
that nobody comes to take all of these
what are you doing welcome Internet we
are going to do a very special hi
Internet welcome Internet
so you guys wanted us to do another Q&A
question and answer and we figured we do
it in this festive little area there for
a very low Christmas time addressed like
a lumberjack so you guys wanna cut down
the tree island cut it down with you
guys you know anyway so we're gonna
answer some questions that you guys sent
us to Facebook Instagram and Twitter
first off one fans story that you will
never forget I have one but there's one
that really stands out for me and it was
kind of in the beginning of when I
started dating you yeah um when it's so
kind of like hidden but you've started
showing me and you weren't squiggling me
anymore
that's one of your concerts you guys
were all playing on stage and you guys
had just stopped and said hi and goodbye
to everybody and this one girls I got
the game and she was just like bawling
her eyes out like walked up to her like
what oh my god what's wrong are you okay
like I thought something really bad was
wrong with her and she just was telling
me how wonderful you were and how you've
gotten her through so much because she
used to harm herself and how she just
didn't have the most positive living
situation it was hard for her day-to-day
to like get get through it and how
honestly watching your vlogs has just it
made her days so much better I
communicated with her actually after
that figure out there you know you're
talking Russia talk about keep truckin
what is one thing you want to ask
do next year travel to a certain country
or something like that I don't really
know I want to tour more I know really
tour and they're going to be I have a
lot of things you light up
um one things I gently want to do next
year is travel overseas I have a project
that I've been kind of working on and
it's been on hold for a little bit that
I want to get out there next year and do
a lot more things with CTFxC I think
we're gonna like do a lot more crazy
things I think we're gonna be doing a
lot more things because that won't be on
chemo so my body won't be limited to all
that BS when you guys started dating did
you guys think you would be dating this
long no no I hated him she was a
punk-ass bitch - Ali where's the most
awkward place to vlog everywhere no like
seriously the most awkward place that
you vlog like some people sometimes say
it's like the grocery store sometimes
people say it's like the airport
sometimes people say it's friend's house
I believe it or not it sounds kind of
crazy but um I feel like for me
sometimes the most awkward place for me
to blog is around my family that's
actually I think a lot of people because
you have to explain it yeah but I
haven't like sometimes around my friends
like my friends my family
I think it's awkward for me just because
I mean it's something totally new it
well obviously it's something totally
new and they're cool is it but I still
feel kind of weird about it's that
explanation when you're vlogging public
you don't have to explain you screw them
you know I feel a little weird and then
they always want to know like I want to
turn this around Internet to you right
now tell me in the comments where is the
most awkward place to vlog the bathroom
I'm actually not I've walked in the
bathroom before that is yeah that's an
awkward place to do it but it's also
very usually get the best footage not
for the obvious reasons but those stupid
hair pan blowers favorite Christmas film
home alone I would have to say we just
watched it L houses for jingle all the
way
with arnold schwarzenegger okay if you
don't not see that movie we're watching
a movie or two
that's another question I have for you
guys don't return these right there's
gonna be a Q&A for you guys Oh number
one review
how are you always so positive no clue I
just feel like it's so easy to be
negative in the world and there's so
much negativity put out in the world and
I feel like it's hard to always be so
positive but I feel like it's better to
be it's better to because you get
nothing out of being negative you just
feel crappier but I mean if you put some
positive vibes out you generally feel a
little bit happier you know all they
always say if you burn more calories
smiling than frowning I feel like it's
the same kind of thing one thing you
hate about the internet let's love each
other one thing about the internet I
dislike is that the fact that people
generally judge and say mean things not
necessarily to us but just to each other
without knowing situations people could
have a bad day I feel like the Internet
has kind of given another way for people
to hurt another person and I feel like
that's what the colleague yeah like I
hate it so easy for people to to hurt
another person yeah yeah because there's
a million things that I love it's gonna
be like I hate the internet because it's
not everywhere yeah that's true it's not
fun one you have ten million dollars to
buy buy what you want but you can only
buy stuff that starts with the first
letter of your name do you what would
you buy chandelier
car chevron Camaro castle
I don't think those holding who's back
yes okay I bought you an Allosaurus real
hurt no it said stuff
Allosaurus art Burke you're over ten
million dollars no I'm not
airplanes are 100 mill field that will
feel close to me for someone who needs
it do you have a picture of puppy Marley
I do right here which one of snowy Seven
Dwarfs would you be would either be joke
you're sleeping I was gonna figures
and sweepy sweepy a grumpy sleepy man
why am i sleeping so if you're happy I'm
happy
okay so if you're happy your sleep your
dopey for sure how much do you guys
fight and how do you guys in those
fights I would to be honest Colleen I do
fight you know it's I feel like it's a
healthy part of a relationship that you
can have these bigger thicker mints a
bigger moments or fights I think it's
good to disagree sometimes yeah so do we
bicker it's just what happens when you
arrest somebody all the time it happens
I think like some time zone when you do
fight like I know that for him and I
sometimes we're good if we like separate
ourselves and then come back and we
always say we're sorry I always go on
many of them yeah I feel like good
that's healthy in a relationship you do
it too though you know I do know I know
but the thing is I like because I'm
trying to get over
I'm always right though why always the
bun um because I'm lazy actually kind of
ironic right now because she doesn't
have the bunny right now
I think it's because okay he always
thinks on me I don't like to wear my
hair in a ponytail - no she never wears
her hair in a ponytail right now new
here we can tell you're funny values
look society look at me with the
ponytail no I like a normal human being
I just don't care that's why I don't
like it that's it I don't care let's
become like an iconic Ally this is just
come from the party what is it like
having cancer I've heard you can't feel
it what I have I can't feel it but I
know there are ones that are a lot worse
that are out there that I'm sure people
do feel and as far as what's it like
having it it's definitely I would have
to say a very surreal kind of thing
because you wake up knowing kind of
that's in there in your body I don't
feel like it's honestly like hindered me
from doing anything like to be
completely honest I think what's really
hindered me from doing things is more of
the seizures versus the cancer because I
feel like the seizures are worse than
the cancer I mean that's that sounds
very weird to say but it kind of feels
like that
favorite character in The Simpsons my
favorite citizens characters are either
Hans Moleman or dr. Nick see I don't
even over there you know I'm hung on as
the shrieky looking dude is it like that
and dr. MiG's like hey everybody hey dr.
Nick would you rather bathe these
spiders or snakes snake definitely
snakes is this gonna be in the QA yeah
if you were in a zombie apocalypse what
three people would you choose to be on
your survival team they can be fictional
or real people rambo MacGyver and using
the Geiger I was also gonna choose that
badass chick from
the walking dead with the dreads I don't
but she's the jam I used her definitely
cuz she like she hasn't missed pets what
and then I talked my mom
oh and Charles but I'd take my mom but I
I feel love you where do you think you
would be now if you hadn't met each
other I thought that's actually hard to
say to say I just know how much joy that
we can bring to each other so that not
being there in one another's life I feel
would be a lot more not depressing but a
lot less fulfilled I don't like you said
you know you can't really predict where
you would be if we hadn't met each other
I think that I believe a lot in fate and
how you meet one another and how you
come across and it's not a missing this
perfect thing but you know I went
through a lot of like hard stuff with
you in the beginning thing it's not
something that I think is like affecting
my life I meant in the negative way I
think it's like made it much more
positive and like said we bring so much
joy to each other yeah we take each
other off but there's so much more joy
and happiness and you yeah maybe step
out of my box a lot so kind of dinosaur
would you be yeah like can I tell you
the one dinosaur it would not be what
this horse right I want to be like an
Allosaurus mixed with like like
something nicer so they all sources like
the mean ones all get married any
wedding in the future
are you gonna be married wait the
wedding Katie plays I married when
you're talking for us
and so on well guys I'm trying to super
happy right now and I think it's
something that we're not worried about
right now we know that we care about
each other and that we love each other
and right now we're just good and when
it happens it'll happen happen what
happens I think it's incredibly sweet
though both alli and I think it's
incredibly sweet that so many people ask
us that question Ali gets scared over
all the medical stuff that you've had to
go through did it affect your
relationship at first I definitely do
get seizures are scary scary a weird
thing to see because I see him every day
listen like this and then when he's
going to seizure it's his body but I
don't think it's him you know and it's
just a weird thing to see and it's
pretty frightening our last question is
what has been your biggest dream since
you were child I have to say I've been
very freaking lucky in my life and I
feel like it's been attributed to the
fact if I feel like never giving up
working really hard but I always have
just as well as a kid I wanted to be an
astronaut or a rock star and
unfortunately I'm not an astronaut but I
was able to be I'm able to be a rock
star but I have me as an astronaut so
kind of an astronaut those were the
biggest dreams that I had as a child and
I feel like if anything that you can
look to a lot of youtubers not just
myself and look at them as some sort of
motivation as far as we can what you
want to be and that things are possible
what you want doesn't seem that outrage
especially nowadays or more things are
possible for young people people telling
you that you can't do things you can
just kick them in the face don't
literally kick them in the face but go
do it unless you know them and all those
people that said to me that I always was
wasting my time I feel like I'm mentally
nun nun chucked a mentally roundhouse
kicked them I have achieved what I want
so far so far in my life I've achieved
there's still a lot of things I want to
do so I mean honestly I think that's the
greatest question that we can end on
right now so anyway thank you guys so
much for watching today's video
we will see you guys tomorrow don't
forget to subscribe and have a great
night don't forget that looks like a
really bad gesture choice energy bar the
only reason I don't like his if it
wasn't flooded
while I start working
Marie
