I got kicked out of the car why all i
wanted to go to starbucks that wanted to
go to Home Depot cuz i was looking on
YouTube I've noticed in my glasses that
I just got constantly go like this it's
like really really annoying lo and
behold there's an answer on YouTube
there's something like to be that I can
get to put on back in that they are
pieces and some will see if that'll
actually work we're gonna do a little
DIY she's falling right now with this it
just makes me feel more and more like I
have an odd-shaped head which I do so I
think this is what I'm going to need not
quite sure this has got to be kind of it
I could experiment I think of my work
which they make some clear ones well the
black oh look they decided to come back
and hang out with me I'm whole again I
did keep you out I'm cool okay get out
of the car I'm gene coffee that's funny
good you know like you see like in
movies weren't super dramatic and people
get in fights when they kick them out
like yeah sorry you again hi I'll walk
home I don't know if anybody follow that
but I knew what I was it was the most
just jointed the story than ever heard
don't poke the frog frog please
hey it looks like the same water
fountain that we jumped off of water
ready let's go so you guys know the
company that helped me go dog toys we
just wanted to Zumiez and they have
their own pillow in here pretty cool I
think we have officially finished
Christmas shopping and it is only the
what days today this has never happened
before so today's game plan is to get
everything out of the freaking bathroom
and into the new office would be
basically doing a nice little
redecorating took us so long to fruit
and do this need some help got it got it
you sure wonderful thing we spent so
much time decorating this thing we're
going to basically do this all from
scratch rip it all out so this is before
the only reason I don't like is it feels
a little too cluttered do you want to
what Star Wars d honey you're just built
a couch like their hands alright let's
build desks and building couches come
are waiting it's just this fell on the
ground that's a freaking Marley Marley
you did this in you kinda wait I thought
we were gonna do it the couch here I
thought we changed your mind although we
open the TV there oh crap hmm I've have
a hard time visualizing we have
really hard time visualizing to all
right let's bring it desk in the dogs
out bring it all dogs all dogs go out
the out of the office soco's guys
whatever we're working on anything the
dogs always have to be in the room so
I'm gonna see if we get accomplished
this little dogs come in and help try if
I can halfback Hillary sup philly this
is turned into a toy room there's so
many toys n ears that's all your son
boys I know a lot of gadgets everything
gadgets gadgets everything in here is
yours this is what I'm not for that
that's fine that's you that is you what
if you better if we did both of us on
this fall no push this all the way down
this always into they could corner I
mean truthfully believe we could figure
it out as if we do it internet what do
you think right now it feels very
cluttered because we're excluding chairs
as well I have you rid of this and went
looking in for SVT ampeg you know 810
cab actually was used on we the kings
one of the first tours and when looking
to buy one Bible piece of memorabilia
that you can utilize yourself like this
is when we Ali and I really needed
interior decorator this is why we use
you guys so if we're together we move
this so because now put it over there
move the chair because I'm gonna have to
have something right there okay you got
there or we can even put to death right
there right here back the back nice to
each other all right let's just try it
all frequent Lord brings up yeah you
like that the old school mac pro that's
like freakin heavy that's a let's do
that do some leg lifts with that you
poop yourself you almost pooped yourself
in there almost it could have happened
just a little poop they'll squeeze out
so this might be the most frustrating
thing ever is trying to figure out where
to put everything because we had it kind
of in an area where they all fit pretty
well like a puzzle always felt clustered
this is pretty good right here or if
anything we could to whichever there's
pretty good I think we're gonna leave at
least one wall through we don't have to
look at wall all right come on it's not
crazy I don't want to do about it say
well those gum was it your like gum out
of hmm like you knows those toys they're
like candy you're talking about they
never deeper gum and somehow I remember
beeper guns like the cell phones lit was
like it's feel like such a toy uh-huh
whatever you say sir then all the
records this is so cool this is like one
of my favorite things is like single so
that you guys have done it's crazy I
think and then look at this doofus
Strangelove got on top 100 billboard to
congrats that's pretty rad well timeout
break Ali made some gourmet grilled
cheese Brussels sprout get a Brussels
sprout I don't think I've had a Brussels
pasta to the kid not the best thing in a
little bit good for you I remember my
childhood commitment oh stop it don't
act like through that bad you eat your
Brussels sprouts oh girl for you see
what are they oh yes friends so Ali just
completed Zoe's a little shaggin wagon
one yeah so does that hmm and then
depends on size mood she was flashing
lungs oh there's like a timer feeding
one so I guess we fade in and out
Tyson's goofy years
p league was just yesterday we put all
this stuff up this is what happens when
you just go quickly no plans well it
looks like what we're gonna have to do
is that plan was not going to happen we
have to take this whole down and move it
over here and then that's got to come
all down this tiny little effect of
putting two desks and a nice little
couch it's turning to a giant cluster f
yo officials led she what helps that
you're just sitting there oh you mean I
just kind of giving you that thing I
wish I George Kogan what are you doing
so I'm starting to think that Diesel's
not too guilty one thing diesel learn
from Zoe things always actually been
teasing are you stealing the cautions
and chewing them up this might be wired
dogs are always so frustrated with us oh
so you look so beautiful form my diploma
needs to come down so yeah we can like I
didn't graduate college that's creepy Oh
being a love you shouldn't go little
slide on West High doing all I know I
know where'd he go ah no brain so i must
say that i really really do like this
couch really like this couch this room
is chaos so drilling things into the
wall like marking it doing everything
that you're supposed to be doing when it
comes to hanging anything and i just
noticed this untroubled slut because he
put the permanent marker to his mouth
you guys are gonna guess as funny as i
think it is but I put myself I was
is it bad it's huge it feels like meet
and greet status I get it all over
mazing no I mean it's like all across
your face it's like all right yeah is it
real yeah it's like all right here you I
suck doing a good job there I love all
of that well I would hope Charles I
didn't even do you read that book for
book this book that explains our dirt
well cuz we already on level earn were
like yeah we're so weird run step
wherever the step is to not step two
seriously you can't remember step two
all right now we got a monitor in here
slowly it's gonna get back to normal I
was gonna get everything back on here so
we got the TV up like I show you this is
so frustrating okay so close I was just
telling feel how much of a pain in the
ass that thing was to get on there yeah
it's not coming down no that's like I'm
down I mean leave it if I wanted a towel
rack no the towel rack might come down
maybe we're missing some stuff look what
Phil and I did ok coo good what you do
you did it we got like a hospital bill
will not save us it was nice and common
here so you guys got here halfway
through the office got the TV up now
we've got to get the desk no don't shake
your head guys honestly Springs me all I
saw look in the trolley I thought a
drill in his hand like oh my god
seriously not again I really don't want
him nothing is falling into that TV is
nice discussing with Melissa in the
podcast how I feel like there's a draft
in that room now because of all the
holes there's like outside air coming in
you're tormenting them they just want
the cookie Oh children hold on Santa's
coming in pieces Oh
thank you so much for watching today's
video don't forget to subscribe and we
will see you guys tomorrow always have a
great night doodles okay I thank you
only in there we are we're conforming to
that group feel better there feel better
I like it
I told my rod bed
hemorrhage Wow we were putting the
lights up you were making
