good morning guys look at this
Zoey is house Lord 1213 now and she
still shoots for this thing this lower
but she loves it so same with the not
bringing him back thing go yeah
sorry now look ready
almost
someone's getting tired yeah we gotta go
there soon actually we're heading to
Disney that was the original game plan
but then we saw that there was a fair so
we decided to severe off on the road and
go check out this fair but the last time
we were here was a funshine festival
where gene g4g unit we're gonna remember
now I guarantee we'll remember it g-unit
oh it smells like Oh elephant ears all
right so here's the deal
today we just lucked out is the last day
of the fair we thought it was going to
be in March
that's why everything happens for a
reason we got lucky I'll be honest like
fair rides something about them just
gonna scare me a little bit I think it's
just the fact that they're so big like
this and then they dismantle them like I
have no idea how they put that up it's
huge
and then they'd dismantle them later I
think this is a Florida ski lift which
is basically flat
not gonna lie this thing is wobbling
quite a lot that's good view gotta find
a zipper that was one of the my god this
is actually going to terrify me a little
bit first get a read right then you
gotta eat all the bad food you gotta
breathe that's okay it's okay old man
it's like you're floating I'm definitely
glad we went here first because now we
can actually get a nice view whatever I
didn't think everything went down that
far so now we can they kind of like
gauge where we should go
fed up by blocks where your legs while
you tell
I couldn't the cameras right there just
like wobbling everywhere everyone's fun
are you Meisel Bruce do too tall for
these they should have like a height
limit that was fun really designed for
younger people do you spin around a lot
alright so we're going on this one oh
it's fun for like four seconds and all
of a sudden it's just like get me off
give me off it even get the camera out
other than that last little section
we're done spinning no more spinning
although I feel like every fair ride has
to do with spin it all you can
definitely do it by going that I'm going
to throw up there's no way I can spin
any more I try to do the whole ballerina
thing where you spin when you're looking
at a certain thing like you're like this
you spin around it's that you can't do
on this thing it's way too fast I'm
going to show you guys just what we just
did because I couldn't get the camera
out until the very end
I might flush white right now like on
that spinny ride to our starship that
used to be the graviton right talent for
anyways I go to the pear garden every
single ride without throwing up
I don't want to be complaining but
everything spins at a fair I guess it
has to because you can't really go very
far otherwise because there's not much
room
yeah I'm not doing it you crazy
do it
Alley is by far the more ballsy person
right now I just after that last one I
got to take a little time out all right
sue the fight alley
I hope we could find we can't go too
fast can't find her
yes you want to go do stuff like this
that's all garlic salt oh yeah there we
go
three-year-olds let's do that there's
like one size fits these years old
not gonna work
I swear I did not time that's all I want
is the Simpsons character right there
that's all I want
okay it's gonna be getting you a bear
give me a sense away are you guys strong
enough I can't wait I'm excited it goes
forward
Wow
how was that right and delightful
the giant Zoe doll they stole our dog
yeah well you know what's safe when
there's saran wrap around the wood so
damn long everything just hurt through
how's your legs doing next is like kid
it was probably like seven or eight
years old I was just crushing him the
whole thing you want to win a prize oh
my god if I eat meat that's totally what
I would do would you like to have an
obnoxiously long straw for a $6 lemonade
look in my cup I'm bummed we missed that
though Brittany's back I don't know babe
kind of having second thoughts right now
I used to love this of the kid I don't
know if I can do it
I was gonna go do this
feeling nauseous could be deadly
so I might I might have this one out I
don't think I could do it what happened
is that first one shouldn't listen Ali
completely screwed me out but if I go on
this I feel like it's going to be really
really really bad
oh you want the funnel cake developing
area these are elephant ears can't leave
without getting one of these little
brown turds Bon Appetit
so this is how you have to end every
fair this one is so funny it looks like
old Teresa my advice if you ever had a
fair smart thing do this last trust me
do this last part don't do it first
otherwise yep
that's a pretty fun night you like it
fun day
in tonight actually
and yes we finished the entire entire
thing nice and clean at the end of the
day I had a lot of fun I hope you guys
enjoy it or a little great it was
basically a random trip to the fair
thank God we actually went what's funny
is like I said earlier we were planning
on going to Disney World
that's where we were heading and we kind
of took a random thing and I kind of
actually know I am I'm kind of happy you
could strike today that belt it cracks
me up
but I'm really actually happy that we
did that randomly instead going to
Disney I love Disney and I'm sure you
guys do too but I thought it'd be kind
of cool to do something different plus
it was spontaneous and you know Ali and
I were we try to be very spontaneous
people I have a very impulsive person so
I guess it's the same thing I don't know
how about that I I want you guys to like
vote in that I if you're a cautious
person a logical person impulsive person
or a crazy person I don't know just
voting the I will find out but before I
do say goodnight I just wanted to say a
thank you again to some of the CTFxC
patrons in the patreon group versus
Chrissy Hodges Adrian Guzman and Larry
Alfre Mike and brandy hair so you get to
play with a Simpsons toy but I didn't
get to win this you got the win don't
get it and last but certainly not least
I have to say thank you to Andrew Rhodes
Brian Marsh and Rob Hopkins guys I just
want to say again I say this every
single time I do this but thank you so
much for being part of the CTFxC patron
family and I hope we keep giving you
guys enough you know perks and
thank-yous for helping with the CTFxC so
again thank you guys so much hope you
enjoyed today's video
don't forget to subscribe that's
something we've been saying for 10 years
and I'm pretty sure you know what I'm
gonna say next right subscribe like
comment favorite all that fun stuff I
gotta go bad I will see you guys
tomorrow
have a great night bye
