so we it's your birthday happy birthdays
oh we don't wanna daughter look at the
camera
old lady Oh Lady we're gonna go to the
store you're gonna pick up whatever you
want okay not you
yours is in September yep so it's so
nice is your 12th birthday though and I
ordered their new pink colors cuz you
know every year I have to get them new
pink colors cuz they fade over a year so
I got to get those as well this is the
first time we ever just took one dog
somewhere you can pick out whatever you
want what are you looking at the only
thing is she hates this place shake nope
nope don't want to do this I'd rather
not do this now so we're realizing that
you know she might want a toy but she's
not a big fan it's cuz I think I said
before she got her nails trimmed here a
long time ago and they goofed it up is
yours
oh yeah I don't even want to know what
that is or you can get her just like one
of these babe
come here you're not going back there
she's like there's too much to look at I
don't know what to do food you want dr.
Aziz
that are loose pull she have fillets and
then she has a giant bone to add to her
click okay
she's licked a butt joke's on you
so I got her this hat you got a little
birthday hat these are our hats if she
gets to choose who wears what Clark
and then I stopped taking this I feel
like we're the only ones that celebrate
our dog's birthday the way we do I find
it incredibly funny right it's I think
it's funny and I've been doing it for
Zoey's whole life so now to keep it up
was I getting your steps in their day
well it's gonna rain - so might as well
just keep doing that I can't keep an eye
on where you're going okay
I love like she's so cool with stuff on
her head nevermind happy birthdays oh I
think that's probably the best one we've
ever had so what happened there but it's
on Marley's face here so you gotta fix
that goofy honor hello
through this birthday girl she was all
ready for her cake Marley looks like
she's ready for some cake Miley you silk
witty me Diesel's still not a hundred
percent on the hat part your look you
look great though you look great oh he's
bashful so here's your Floyd
go take your fly your little trapped
over there want to see this
look it's overexposed again
my dad's playing here tonight at this
restaurant and Melissa myself
her boyfriend Meg we're all gonna go
just hang out and oh in Aly my wife we
were planning on going in Santa suits
but we just ran out of time I was you
are the only one Zoe has slowed he can
dress us we should not this holy
birthday girl and tenderloin doubt she
was chewing on that bone for a good hour
like usually she'll what she'll do is
she'll go outside and then immediately
want to come back in she sit out there
with an hour and then Marley tried to
open up the door stealing's you saw it
looking at
like looking at it she went up and
slammed the door and got outside dude
you don't want to get these men the
current wind speed in Treasure Island
Florida
that's incredible save the clock tower
you kiss boots on come on babe just cut
across the moat
I think you're okay yeah platforms on
though got a question for you guys just
looking at these trees what trees from
what cartoon childhood thing do they
remind you of there's only one right
answer on this let me know in the
comments
now these ready to go it was like really
boring
alright the monsoon is now over so we
just got home and we noticed this entire
side of the road except these people are
here and then them because they both
have generators all lost power yeah
usually it's our side that gets
we lucked out on that one oh by the way
guys all the Polaroids are going out
today it is the funniest thing I keep
going upstairs and I turn around and
this cat keeps bringing that thing
upstairs with her and then just fall
just keeps gonna Ralph I know we got a
new fancy one so it doesn't look so ugly
anymore so you see this carries it where
she wants just takes it away
yeah look ready watch this yeah we
decided to make it so wasn't so ugly
summers gonna kill the Bellas OE
drinking all the water huh yeah
come on you're gonna drink that whole
whole goofball it doesn't look at nearly
as ugly as those wood ones we gotta fix
a couple things yeah we need to put up
there maybe we should be
yep she's like now not happening but
before we go I just want to say thank
you so much for watching today's video
especially since it was Zoey's birthday
thank you for participating as always
birthday she always loves as she's very
happy I know she likes they were all
excited about the gift but keep the
gifts and the the cake but before we go
we just have to give a quick shout outs
up to some of the CTFxC plus patrons so
take it away ok so we had say thank you
to Steve Young Dylan Burt well Adrian
Guzman aka feral goose Jasper Becky and
Joe rainberge thank you thank you guys
so much for being part of the CTFxC plus
group and we will see you guys tomorrow
as always have a great night oh by the
way tomorrow we're doing something
pretty interesting so make sure it's
super it's gonna be incredibly
interesting because you're super at I
don't think we've ever even thought this
was possible in the vlog so get ready so
don't forget to subscribe make sure to
click that little Bell so you get
notifications and we will see you
tomorrow boys have a good night good
night
