watch out baby the train there's a train
right now I am just finishing up some
work on the computer and i'm slowly
noticing that all around the house there
is a ton of cake and cookie and cupcake
kind of smushed everywhere but is always
birthday so it was definitely definitely
worth it second day female are you still
a little under the weather breeze doing
really good the girls are all keeping
him company and we're probably going to
try and put Christmas lights up i'm not
really short kind of depends on how char
feels i might be doing it by myself
definitely have to do christmas shopping
i still haven't bought charged Christmas
gift I don't know what I I don't know
what I could get him so guys if you have
any recommendations sleeps tell me in
the comments below because you guys I
think no char by now he either has
everything that he wants he either has
already purchased it or he's already
purchased it and it has not come out yet
it was pre ordered it so I'm having a
little bit of an issue trying to do
something out of the box rather than
just getting him a gift card or buying
shoes or clothes or whatever it is that
i normally would possibly get him so
I'm trying to figure out try to remember
it sounds awesome oh it sounds awesome I
try to remember how we recorded the bass
tracks and i have i have the bass tracks
so here's your's
I
I think they're that it's not so long
recorded this album we like how it feels
like a year ago so we're all separately
right now getting ready for the hometown
show which is a 28 I already told you
guys about the free hometown show if you
guys don't know there's a free hometown
show at the end of the December links
down there description and get free
tickets and the first 1000 people get a
copy of strange love a physical print of
strange love for free as a as a thank
you and a Christmas present from Luther
King's to you guys but right now it's
been so freaking long since we've
actually recorded the album I'm going
back to the instrumentals and trying to
remind myself what we recorded and so
that way we be prepared right now I
think we're working on where's the email
working on love again run away how'd the
moon XO from here to Mars I prepare for
dogs to berk char lost the game paper
rock scissors to see who's gonna pump I
put gas in the car like he loses every
single time he's very predictable I
always know what he's gonna throw down
and he thinks that he can fool me but he
just can't and you guys didn't get to
see that awesome round of paper rock
scissors because I had to tell you I'm
pretty good I don't have many talents
but one time I do have is playing a
severe severe mean game of pic rock
scissors
looky what did I just kick your ass and
paper rock scissors do it again paper
rock scissors shoot paper rock scissors
shoot paper rock scissors shoot I'm so
good at it you are the disa news paper
rock scissors shoot you got me paper
rock scissors shoot paper right so the
shoot baby rock scissor shoot he did
beat mean I one time now please you said
you held it how you gonna get out now
you where the dog driving that dogs
driving hey poochie's we
very night you know I don't want to get
out now get on come on it's a nice
little adventure sorry honey such a
weirdo sorrel online really yeah we
should do the old school retro lights I
don't know I shall get like this
Manning's we can get and then we'll take
back what we don't end up opening okay
how big the house six controlling feet
long
that might work we're going to attempt
putting christmas lights on the house
we're holding off as long as possible
but i do like we're the only house in
the neighborhood now and we kind of feel
bad that makes your Santa finds our
house please tell me why I'm sharding
too much hold on your call may be
monitored or recorded quality we're so
mean I tried pissed off that Robot
that's a piss off robot green bad idea
oh look at that and so it be it looks
like from the camera or there goes that
looks like it's going on you're doing a
fine job there babe thank you sometimes
it looks like the lights are turned off
on the film yeah but they're obviously
still on there like right now the yellow
looks like it was turned off like the
Christmas tree the other day I was doing
the same thing I think we figured out a
way to do the second story of the house
but I'm not gonna go on this thing we
find out the best place for a person who
had a seizure the other day sir Ali's on
that and I got the giant stick I got a
big old pole babe hey babe grab my Pole
oh they keep trying off you see what
look it look like this hey did you see
it why does it do that yes the sticker
what do you need
and again it's so crazy when you go fast
the lights turn off internet can you
explain this phenomenon it really creeps
me out this stick is I'm telling you
babe a lot easier than getting on that
ladder no but there's certainly they
have to do to make it work but it okay I
was all gonna go about this but now
thank you why we didn't do it we are the
only ones that didn't have it we're
conforming to the group peer pressure
babe peer pressure I like it though I
think it's fun just hold my rod babe you
to bring any of those things over hey I
am a rod not a run Wow we were putting
the lights up you were making as much
noise as you possibly could I just want
to know what were you working at you're
just making loud noises huh that how it
goes okay so you know how much trouble
we were having with like putting up
these lights up here the ones out front
or a little bit more difficult I don't
know I'm just figuring out that we are
not the type of people that you should
trust when it comes to pretty lights up
on your house place to get them another
cool thing was when we were walking on
the neighborhood this exact thing that
we did out here someone did in their
backyard that didn't have it before we
put it up so it's kind of cool people
are copying us i feel kind of cool as
much as I love being productive I hate
being productive this is they've been
moving into this house for life but
isn't that what everyone has said is
this gonna take you forever it's just
like it's so funny I feel like it looks
like we haven't done anything in here
but oh really such a wide space so we
don't really have a lot of stuff I think
eventually we're going to kind of fill
it in but right now it's pretty open
which is
really really nice did you find what you
were looking for I'm done I'm done being
a loud boy the whole neighborhood can
hear you she was running under that I
caught her like this so we had to put up
all these fellows so she doesn't come on
it's like getting a bowl out yep I will
let you get on the bed for heaven's sake
son I'm not even really keen or ground
right there no what is that you're just
really dirty I just brow I was little
over there with Ali look in the core of
my eyes and Molly just took a friggin
dive right there I could go grab her
yeah caught you if you guys have
listened on the new album specifically
howl at the moon there's a very large
distortion so for example here i'm going
to isolate just the bass tracks that was
done through what's called a mammoth
pedal so i'm trying to pick up one right
now for the next tour that's coming up i
just got off the phone with trap and we
get on the phone with snack soon did you
got to make sure the sound guy doesn't
go crazy when you get stuff like this
gives it that crunch to it and you feel
things out live live shows you don't
trash you in acoustic songs right there
it's very similar to how the moving way
too many lights without we're gonna do
like the upstairs from say the second
floor of the house but your neighbors
life yeah you can do our neighbor sites
we were kids that these things were like
actual bulbs glass right yeah now
they're like plastic plastic with LEDs
inside them it doesn't have been
nostalgic clean playing noise I love it
I think they're trying to and then the
back of my head having my mom and my dad
going be careful good I'll bring did do
that to the dogs and I thought it was a
brilliant idea
this was sorry I don't know it's really
better this one hands down this one oh
my I should so cool like looking at it
through the camera or this the best part
about our videos is that you get to see
the true nature of how random and stupid
Ali and I actually are we're literally
just silly watching TV and we were just
wondering what would look like if I
wrapped around me it's how our brains
work oh yeah the best part is that my
brains wiring the same salas brain which
I think it's kind of unique actually did
your wings a little more wine weird what
is most strange that's word you were
looking for yeah why are weird wired say
that ten times fast why are weird wired
weird wire later where do we why I'm
later thank you so much for watching
today's video we have successfully
litterhouse wait a while we'll finish up
the office that's what I'm hoping for it
don't forget to subscribe guys a little
like button if you guys are brand-new
and we will see you guys tomorrow
everybody do those bye guys
Oh
