good morning guys so first off I have to
say it's Zoey's birthday but
unfortunately I had a little episode and
I had a seizures last night and so I'm
really out of it right now I'm kind of
laying low right now kind of getting
some rest I keep trying to get up and
I'm just like how it feels like you know
thinking if you were to tape your eyes
shut
that's what it kind of feels like right
now it's all eyes are like that if you
were to taper I'd shut and try to open
your eyes like this that's what's going
on right now anyway I will get some
sleep because I want to get up because
today is Zoey's birthday her tenth
birthday today
where is she ignoring me what day is
today
it's Zoey's birthday what a day for a
birthday let's all have some cake it's
crazy to think about like ten years ago
where my life was and how I needed Zoey
to you don't lift my spirits and how
much joy she brought in my life during
that that time of my life was like
really really I was felt like really
crappy like really depressed and she
really helped you if you never saw a
video when Zoey was small I'm gonna be
that person so here is Zoey where she
was small really quick
I know I'm sorry I was that person
anyway I gotta get some sleep right now
then we're gonna get up just kind of
wanted to let you guys know what's going
on because that's what I do actually I
was just thinking Marah yesterday I'm
gonna putting that together that little
Indiana Jones thing and my arm did a
weird twitch I don't know what that
meant because I have a seizure last
night and I saw that laughs yesterday I
don't know it's kind of weird put it on
the record so that way my brain will
remember this otherwise we're gonna
sleep and we're completely forget about
it
but I do have to say Ally is one of the
most amazing strong women in the world
she was there the entire time she was
making sure I was okay I had water I was
on my side I wasn't like you know
choking on my vomit or anything like
that she was there she was making sure I
was very safe and you know so I love her
she's the most amazing strong woman in
the world
Aly is awesome sorry I'm kind of out of
it right now Allie you're awesome I love
you you're my rock you're not the rock
you're my rock
I'm gonna give her at the Donald Trump
respectfully I understand I would want
to be leader
are you ready for cake Mar Mar you look
like you are it's always birthday when
you guys get all the treatment huh hold
lay down the laws oh oh there's time to
go oh oh Zowie no now you're too old for
that the other day somebody in the
comments y-yeah but one Pokemon probably
Pikachu because it's ears up and down
yeah
diesel Are You Pikachu Sue's lips
quivering right now he like wants to go
so bad everybody caught a dinosaur if I
didn't do this diesel probably laughter
yeah there you go find your freedom
you're free you're free you're free
you're putting your butt all over the
clean pillows but that's cool
are you feeling him all right yeah you
look like Jimmy Neutron is he boring you
am i boring you
oh he wants to play on the computer so
alright well if there's the mess up in
today's video we know it came from
I gotta go get the rest of the Christmas
presents I always leave these twerps
with The Simpsons I came up with a
really cute idea we're gonna try to find
a battery-powered like Christmas lights
we can put all over Zoey's a little
wagon for pimp wagon
by the way Ali went and bought a hat
because she kept stealing mine
lots of goodies here what is this this
is crazy so I haven't been feeling very
well today obvious for obvious reasons
so Melissa and Phil thought it'd be kind
of fun to go to Taco Tuesday I don't
think we're again that's crazy let's
talk on madness right there and then
we're gonna go home another dogs eat
their birthday cake
he runs faster than you Ali Ali almost
cut somebody me do you use the
three-legged dog
no soon with that tie tie can we use
your system do we use you yes we getting
attention I'll take it through my hair
do I do like Jimmy Neutron and antenna
known I always been on a kick of sublime
lately
I finally realized who Ally reminds me
today of its a mortal kombat character
guys I think she looks just like Sonya
Blade Wow
I have to start this again guys but like
I said the other day this should be the
last time this year then I get a year
off of it so I'm pretty excited about
that
all right Zoe you ready for your
birthday cake you ready for your
birthday cake I feel like we should
split this and she gonna have the whole
cupcake okay we got our annoying pink at
pretty good time too yeah that's okay no
you wear it if you want the cake Oh yum
yum yum yum
dude a happy birthday girl
I want to bite oh my god
he's just I didn't teach him to be like
that you can have more than cupcakes
since she can't about out of it right
now look I'm doing the Hat she's done
with it
guess what we've got sansa cookies
Marley is the kid put them close another
kid at a birthday party being like what
did I get
do you want a cookie you can't have
anymore
you're done I got the freaking worm
locked up what day is today it's
apparently Zoey's birthday and she
doesn't like to share actually you know
what we can actually legally sing happy
birthday now oh well we could have
awesome awesome on the carpet now we
gotta set the robot on the working via
to detail this is too polite
he's like the ladies came first that hat
is so funny funny yo you need a little
help there I can't but it's a hat Dee's
too polite look at him he's so delicate
it's like I don't know if I should eat
this or this is employed I don't know if
this is plastic or something I can eat
so Zoey
how does it feel do you feel do you feel
a lot older still feel like you're in
your 20s yeah
Zoey thank you for being such an awesome
dog you know that's for the dog right
it's a party though mm-hmm
oh boy these party things though we
really enjoyed her birthday today so did
Marly obviously because Marly devoured
half of her cake anyway guys thank you
so much for watching today's video and I
know it kind of sucked today
I mean I'll literally all day I've been
like like I said earlier today I could
felt like somebody was taping my eyes
shot with tape and I've been trying to
keep my eyes open
but I do want to say thank you to this
wonderful woman here for making sure I
didn't choke my own vomit last night
it's gross as that sounds anyway don't
forget to subscribe and we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night doodles
my guys did it wrong
