what we're trying to do is we're trying
to make our office more professional and
a place that we will go and actually
work in and right now it's kind of been
kind of a storage place
oh-hoh we went we got a new desk then we
got a couch and all that supposed to be
delivered today kind of want to make it
a little bit better looking a little bit
more presentable because Melissa and I
you know we do a podcast every week
we've been slacking a little bit but
we're getting back into our routine so
we want to make it a little bit more
professional and something that's a
little bit more work space like work
space like I don't even know if that
really makes sense but I'm gonna go
inside and check on the dogs and try and
see what they're doing or if they're
being completely lazy because more than
likely they're gonna be completely lazy
so go for the toys oh hello oh hello
hello
seriously do you know how much I've
accomplished this morning somehow I got
into like like the very beginning like
the ones that went viral in the very
beginning it's funny that you were doing
that - what no watching old videos yeah
oh why are we going somewhere are we
going somewhere scary I keep telling cha
I want to go somewhere like a haunted
mansion or like a haunted town and stay
there for a couple of days if you bring
a group of people it's not going to be
that bad it's not only we're
end up like a horror film oh yeah it's
not a good group some people don't ever
die in more films I didn't say that they
don't die but here's the thing
odds are if you bring more people we
have a slimmer chance of being the
people so we're frosting all over here
it does more people that you bring the
chances of you dying your Schlemmer
yeah it's logical makes sense bring
people you don't like no I'm kidding yes
sorry I forget that so leave for that I
know I'm so excited
seriously don't put that back in there
Charles
Oh oh my gosh you know I like the
crunchy peanut butter we have a whole
thing I hope so
instead of you're feeding it to the dogs
oh yes you would try to don't let him
fall Diezel see that's not where you
belong so the only way that we have
figured out how to actually get water
into the Christmas tree is by using this
funnel and using the top pouring the
water into that funnel Christmas tree
you must live you have tons of water oh
yeah put all the blue balls on there say
what you will about my blue balls but I
think they look pretty I just took like
one bite when we go for a run I don't
know if you need this before going run
come back here
they're pure butter Malthusian good
hey now I'm gonna go for a run yeah see
ya bye buggy little scaring our dogs oh
my nose it still isn't healed it's good
but when I had that seizure and I hit my
face
although speaking of seizures and stuff
like that this month is going to be my
last round of chemo for the entire year
and I think I'm going to be taking an
entire year off so 2016 I go sans gonna
be our year I don't have to be on chemo
which is even more exciting for me as
you can imagine I'm pretty freakin
stoked about that but I have to do this
one round starting tomorrow and then I'm
done
Wow I kicked it out of a birthday guy I
know it was the one that fell Melissa
got you right I wanted to keep it that's
what you wanted to show me yes sir every
time I can just walk I could just my
pocket at all times
any time I want to do something cool you
could literally just put in your pockets
no but seriously
wait a second where's everything in the
trash why cuz it's trash it was a lot of
this was trash no most of that was
trashed and then some reason we had a
matchbook interesting oh it looks like a
sad drawer Oh Charles is about to
attempt do not do and there I know
you're not a teacher but still yeah
don't do this at home to drop that so I
get fired okay feel better now I feel
cobwebs out so it's broken I broke it
all you got to do is put this wire that
I just tape it down did you guys see
that twitch on my arm sometimes that
happens isn't that weird though weird
scares the out of me every once in
a while by completing the circuit right
here it's gonna work there we go
Holly what's going around the house and
she saw something in our yard that's
awful
stupid freakin coyotes it looks like a
cat yeah we gotta watch out for Marley's
oh and diesel I kind of want to bury it
give it a little burial there's bones
over there too like underneath there I
see it yes under attack
I can't yeah here eating a sandwich so
we got our desks we got matching desk to
make it look nice and the awesome in our
office because we we feel like this room
is turned into just like a giant cluster
of a it's like a storage room exactly
it's such a nice room so we got a cool
little sofa chair like a loveseat or
whatever so I think we're gonna put it
here and then may put a desk here and
here or put it there and put the
bestbear and they're not quite sure yet
and then that way we can have an awesome
office and then we have a bookshelf but
they screwed up and they forgot the
bookshelf they're gonna bring that I
guess in the next day or so so that
means waiting again awesome but they did
forget this I said we just keep this as
our payment for them taking so long
alright so we're gonna go get Zoey a
birthday cake for tomorrow cuz Zoey
turns 10 tomorrow we'll get you a
cupcake and some cake okay
martini a martini get it maybe a
birthday moment but is that gonna be too
much for her
she is a cupcake in a cake she's she's
just in case it does the Jewish that's
really cute
our dog toys are way cooler than these
and cheaper like I said so ease pense
birthday is tomorrow so I wanted to get
her something special it sounds stupid
to some people I know but I got our
little cake and I got a little cheesy
hat yeah there's a freaking cupcake you
know it's like one of those things are
me Zoe my lair like my best friends just
don't tell Ally that she's my best
friend too so I wanted to do something
nice plus is only Marly both came to my
life is really like rough time and they
have always been I know it sounds cheesy
but if you have a dog you know exactly
going to talk about they've always been
like the one person in my life factor
they always been the one thing in my
life that I've always like been there
and never give me too much crap other
than literally pooping and peeing
everywhere and to some people I know
that sounds crazy but if you have a dog
you know what I'm talking about
take the tallest girl I put on the
smallest bike
can you pedal Danny pedal it's a little
bigger that's exactly the same just read
we gave Tyson the other wagon because
obvious reasons why don't we get that
for Zoe you're gonna get another one for
Zoe now because her legs obviously kind
of still hurt every once in a while oh
wait I don't know if it's in tune I kind
of wandered off don't want an apple pie
or do I want pumpkin pie it's too Apple
is done there goes all my rotting worth
it I fought it I'm not gonna get the pie
not gonna put all that running to to the
trash although these might be worth it
no see no to everything
yeah
save me save me from deliciousness
anybody could do is just get a pecan pie
guarantee I won't ever eat that show you
that bag you think this is a trick they
open it not now and there's no he's
happy birthday cake I thought it was red
does orange
sees the Sun red orange whatever she's
an orange girl dad let me help you Wow
ah I'm sorry that was me okay oh that's
crap sit down sit when you get some
lights
all right Internet thank you so much for
watching today's video we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night
doodles I guess
