okay this is your directions we just
have to run our own okay stop eating the
drink the prophecy you look like me
right now going to the black crowes or
the Cure concert right now all your
black usually I'm wearing all the black
morpheus take the red or the blue pill
to this day I'm still looking for those
poor souls that have on tour and walk or
the track of the exact same air I've yet
to find exact pair someone how somewhere
they're lost somewhere somehow they're
lost on the poor by do your best movie
stars like look that's it we gotta look
away can I look through the camera will
get pupils that's what they look like
like a cual eyes Kalin is now a time
travel to 1991 so I think we just got a
bunch of Christmas yes for each other
which we have no idea what we got yeah
nestle gifts look at that look at that I
didn't really good rapping on this year
didn't I that's what you're saying no i
haven't had a fight let me open it for
you hold this so it's like a turkey
stuffing basically bringing back
thanksgiving okay you all might Wow ah
thank you I have to get a new black hat
because mine has a freaking hole in the
center of it for the camera and Ally
keeps stealing mine I said that's so
wrong ali admitted she wasn't steal
something the store it's not fun every
time I pick something I think so be ugly
and goofy on you it actually works thank
you for like kopelman yeah if you want a
pair try on socks hey no they got to be
safe and sanitary I like those shoes
though
mine are cooler yes sir you're just
discussing out it's impossible to
pickpocket Charles pickpocket pickpocket
pickpocket well the kid that wanted to
learn how to do the garbage okay that
guy in the subway yeah are the coolest
people so you wanna play a thief I
wanted to be a be funded me excuse me
that's what I aspired to be are you like
feeling accomplished cuz you got all
your Christmas gifts are well mr. lovers
I got my mom's got my dad's got
Melissa's bills think we're set now we
take it Caitlin com so we got to lose
Caitlin and my brother and your brother
we got my older sister we got to get my
dad so we got everybody on Charlie like
that's a month yes we're doing pretty
good cuz usually I wait until like two
days before Christmas and I ordered Zoe
and Marley's annual like collars already
he gets the same color every year then
call her via you should have gone with
like a teal this year no does we can't
fly the convoys I always do that was the
problem oh we got uh Zoe's birthdays in
like two days she's turning 10 run run
because the camper she's she's 60 E and
then we got like a big Marley over here
max you like it Marley was like watch
out you don't step in your own poop
Maxwell look Amy wants you to play that
you take play with overall output you
play with Lola Oh
good boy oh he's like I don't wanna
leave you I wanted from Ali okay good
girl what is going on I want that cheap
you are just like Max you're like a
tiger god you're such an asshole lose
some energy it's always like Lola just
set up with everything okay thank you
good catch you still have like a poppy
all the time you don't act like you're
10 good block are you sure huh hey her
before Marley has it runs if I'm right
here the rules if I know one you done
generally no no are you ready for a walk
are you ready you look very happy one
thing I do love about christmas at least
christmas holiday or december is all the
lights oh I like the blue lights like
the blue lights these people rock they
have pumpkins and pumpkins and a
Christmas tree diesel oh whoops very
Florida yeah classic oh yeah and the
smell there's somebody's burning fire
where it smells awesome char we need
lights
the sign is dancing with you babe when I
was a kid I'm gonna miss him stupid I
always thought there was ghosts in the
grocery store the other day I screwed up
and bought no this is for Marley I
bought sugar fat free uh rice pudding
and her ally said she couldn't eat it
doesn't look like Magus see if we can
open it she just say that doesn't look
like maggots right there look at it it
looks like maggots aah I'm gonna give
you a close-up of this because it's so
gross take a big take a big gulp of it
these two want it is so damn bitchy mine
he's scared of everything nikka hussam
dude yeah what are you doing I'm opening
up that is not how you open a black
that's how you open a box is blowing it
to a pass no I feel like that was
actually why we're gonna break the
gingerbread house well then it's gonna
hurt quick house before he ripped us
apart this is actually a gingerbread
house they're your toes gingerbread
house well look at ours is not gonna
look like that it might look like this
like all messed up what all right you
want to see if we can do it yeah you
want the funniest part about this okay
so gingerbread cardboard what's good
there's the same thing pretty much I
like how they gave us a house to build
on I mean this oh you gotta slip it
honey oh shoot cuz this broken I didn't
do this in his building
I just want right okay scissor
directions or just have fun yeah stop
eating the drink the stick your tenth
assist in Japan we got to build this
house before it rains ok we have a roof
no you have no website yeah we're
putting on the roof do it this is always
great for fun those slides up
to the secure go i t-took blue yes we
here
forget we have magical fish on the other
side to this is going to be very sorry
party here business was coming this is
where the full fans together I was doing
the fence on our nice little gingerbread
house but we're adults don't I well you
know what I feel like we're the only
ones that actually could do this I don't
think a kid could actually do this it
wasn't really hard I'm gonna lie it was
pretty hard the roof is the hardest part
gonna put the fence keep the kids away
back is pretty boring but we did it of
all the years that I've done one of
these things since with a kid this is
definitely the best one now what do we
do with our CTFxC gingerbread house like
voice cracks all the time just want to
let you guys know that the CTFxC dog
toys are now finally available CT of a
Kimura calm here throw me the pizza you
got the pizza get the Wi-Fi got a broken
camera and all this fun stuff it comes
in a pack of 3 for you guys go check it
out CTFxC merch com we've been working
on these for all three months now I told
you guys last time they're awesome for
animals if you guys want to just have a
pizza toy go for it I got really excited
about because we go through documents
like nobody's business and these guys
are pretty rad the best part is that you
know like there's nothing for like you
know like no eyes and no tags and stuff
like that so as you can see we designed
this was like Zoe and our dogs in mind
make sure you go check them out guys
they're on limited edition first come
first serve we wanted to make sure these
were available before Christmas so we're
only able to do like a limited edition
for right now and if you guys like it
will make more so squeaking pizza diesel
loves it it's in pizza anyway guys thank
you so much for watching today's video
don't forget to subscribe guys are brand
new and have a great night dos
a little bumblebee yeah let's just take
him somewhere else this is what you get
when you get fresh flowers anyone
allergic to bumblebees i want to say
we're away from me o ngati blew away oh
it's coming back he likes the flowers
just how you tell if a pineapple is ripe
you pull out the center one or than any
one of those basically it should be very
done
