yellow car already got you there was no
yellow car that was a yellow car as a
TLO car babe I did but I already called
them you can't call the mess with every
call but I called at elo car but that
doesn't exist it's a teal and a yellow
car two yellow cards am I good morning
guys you guys were a game yesterday or
the other day with Ben the teal yellow
card game literally both of them next to
each other thiele car who decided like
hey I do best idea for colors for his
color scheme first war seemed chill
norge let's make them called dolphins
and their calls gonna be hey that's what
they do yeah I've never heard Dan
Marino's so that once he does in the
locker room oh when the tail whips come
he doesn't this he does that matter have
you ever seen that the green bench I've
never knew Beth strangled you didn't
really hide out honey there's your honey
oh I'd see Johnny remember was last time
feel like there is something down this
way about it this is what you wanted
healthy breakfast I'm gonna go for a
tour manager move right now
does that for me all the time dropping
water off I snuck away from LA in the
way they were mad doing that thing that
happens in the straw sorry I was
defeated by a straw a metal cactus is
probably the only cactus that you
probably wouldn't kill there you go
flamingo these are Ali's absolute
favorite flowers in the world skin bunch
of sunflowers you should go to like a
field of sunflowers I want to do that
one day let's go to us like a giant
field of sunflowers I think in Germany
remember when we did that whole field of
like tulips it goes Amsterdam or
something like that Heather purple the
red ones and stuff like that if not
here's a photo a little bumblebee yeah
let's just take him somewhere else is
what you get when you get fresh flowers
anyone allergic to bumblebees I want to
stay away from me oh god he flew away oh
it's coming back he likes the flowers
this how you tell if a pineapple is ripe
you pull out the center one or is it any
one of those so basically it should be
very gentle
supposed to be really gentle if it's
right if it's right right
well it was just be ripen a couple days
wouldn't it hey buddy my dad's showing
me his little my wares if you guys ever
want to know where my humor comes from
right there he's super proud of these
people
I never noticed and that's what do you
like it so much you think a basset hound
even thank you it's gizmo that's a
chubby one I like that one oh my gosh
you're so pretty what do you want they
would fry pizza a wood-fired pizza I
can't speak or read we're racing back
home right now because I accidentally
scheduled the video to go live tomorrow
for yesterday's video so V and I guess
YouTube's having a bunch of glitches
right now I'm an idiot to mix together
she's been doing it I'm doing it
so we just went and saw Ali's dad who's
doing way better good we just got done
see my dad and he is doing awesome he is
now on like a creamy based diet which
sounds kind of gross I'm your diet but
you had their yellow yeah jello and
anything that's liquid that will be you
know somewhat substantial to him because
he lost a lot of weight course while I'm
feeling char is playing video games
which he always does look good so good
you are such a little kid you know that
right yeah oh good I say they're so
wonderful
I was nervous that's fine
you know how I tend to look right now
the video game deer hunter 2016 just
came out and they asked me to show you
guys and talk about in the video that's
what I was playing and I've been pretty
much obsessed with the game since they
showed me as you can see I've been
rightfully obsessed I'm already in Texas
want to get the colorado next I just
completely suck at it I'm so terrible
every time I try to do what I'm so since
he'll shoot what I'm supposed to shoot I
always shoot beyond it and I turn around
and I always get killed by what a moose
like an health an alligator whatever it
is I don't know boosting out the same
i'm supposed to get this alligator and i
I've missed oh I got him I got him got
him oh no he gave me
go yep ducky now I'm dead by an
alligator I'm just observing something
look how he eats this burrito
to give up that was the weirdest way
hello Bart hey will breed of all right
wrap it back up like a baby swaddle it
can mm-hmm there's a reindeer good its
dignity you get it no look at it oh
sorry is that really spooky oh my god oh
god I need a Christmas tree resume
diagram another car is adorable oh sorry
the beans in life in bringing oh I love
the little too I did a little toot in
there look at this artifact on our
driveway it's like a book of numbers
phone numbers Wow well I think it
supposed to be in a museum watch this do
it and then stop and then watch her look
at you it's like you got done this is
all Diesel's little red hair by the way
the little rivet head over here she's
like when you blow dryer like if you
don't if you do it and then you stopped
stay on the rock okay seriously if I had
to survive by myself I would die so
quickly getting better slowly but surely
so I'm actually practicing for twisted
Christmas which is actually coming out
this month on deer hunter it's actually
the biggest event they have on the game
this year they have a character called
King Krampus and he's basically taking
over the land of the North Pole
hypnotizing all the animals this year
they have four different chapters and
you have to save the day they have a
bunch of unique upgrades throughout the
month and they're gonna have a bunch of
unique holiday themed bows arrows
shotguns things like that that you can
use to save the North Pole I need all
the practice i can get right now so guys
make sure to go download the free game
they'll put the link down in the
description and I just want to say thank
you to deerhunter for incorporating me
in this awesome little sponsorship in
the awesome little game event that's
coming up this year hopefully I won't
suck as bad I'm getting a bucks Prak
practice as possible go get it good luck
guys we didn't quite get our morning run
in today so we're gonna do a little late
night run we gotta get that 30 miles in
I got like three more days
to get like 15 more miles we tally for
the competition we're having I don't
want to be a stereotypical person right
now but I genuinely feel so much better
like exercising every day I think what
it was that I was so afraid of getting
back into running because the last time
I did a bunch of running I had a seizure
when I got back in the house so I think
subconsciously I just been kind of a
little bit scared now that I'm back into
it I feel so much more healthy so much
better more active and I feel like I had
a lot more energy to which is awesome no
I are all right that thing is the
creepiest thing in the world no I look
like a zombie I don't even know the
object okay we're gonna make it up okay
oh yeah they're poor boy goodbye this is
our pre-game on the Saturday night
mm-hmm you can't hold us down or too
crazy map you can't no that's too much
sugar that's too much sugar that's too
much sugar honey these are actually
really good take your balls Wow all
right we're gonna actually play the real
thing now how would you if you pick it
for me and i'll pick it for you class is
your speed I got a straight line I go
first you got to make this and I just
got to make this I go first and then you
go all right we keep making rules up
you tomorrow jump this is so weird don't
do it hmm you like a blue zombie is the
way oh that is so my tongue
to get out I got on my tongue
you're an asshole we have legal heavily
napkins they're in there honey relax
relax is blowing everything out and
there's a4 paper words in there
come on
