a little map I haven't been to the gym
in a while but it's really nice to be
able to go back and feel good and you
upon sound excited about going back
because I always feel like during the
holidays is when I really start to slack
off a lot there's good reason for it you
have a lot of time off from work
families in town lots of delicious
desserts and great food so you kind of
just want to be lazy fav and I went and
she really gave me a lot of motivation
to go back today and you know running
with char he's been motivating me a lot
so I'm very happy to get back into my
routine today i am going to be taking my
mom to the airport I was too like I gave
you guys like updates this is what we do
is gonna be like these are the things
i'm gonna do today in this order today i
had to bring my mom to the airport cuz
she's actually going to colorado to go
see my older sister my nephews you don't
miss a disguise he's so anxious for
watch this boo so just got home and
Charles's nor to be found he's probably
out doing this little workout thing
which so proud of him for the dogs are
missing so I know he'd say i only say
with them i'm trying to find a gift and
do something really different for
Charles the thing is is that most of the
things that he wants he has already
purchased and has them in his possession
or he pre-orders them so they've already
been bought they're not even out but
they will be here eventually so that's
my dilemma is trying to find a man who
already pretty much has everything that
he wants something special and different
and that's where I stand so I'm trying
to make I don't know pretty good I'm
trying to do something a little
different if I'm gonna be successful
with it I have no idea I suck with
presents i really really do but i'm
trying my hardest to do something a
little bit different do you guys have
any of those like significant others
that you you know come to chris next
time or with your birthday and you never
know what to get them because either
these are too picky or they're not picky
at all so they're open-minded about
everything but they won't give you an
idea of what they're looking for ya ali
and i kind of had this challenge for the
past seven days actually it's just
started yesterday on scene who can run
30 miles first by december 10th you know
sucks that didn't do when i was in the
gym yeah you know what look at that
score
I'm right now currently beating Ali are
you swear I ran probably at least two
and a half miles of the gym six two and
a half yeah that would have still put
you behind me I understand that he was
at five cuz I scripture day oh sorry you
just give a day but we have six more
days to get 30 miles out I don't know if
reg I don't know if we can actually get
that now if we can get that so put that
on hey you put on first are just dead I
don't trust you why do I have to put it
on you guys oh hey chips except stick
chapstick is like
okay now wait a minute why am I waiting
this is gonna color my lips no it's
gonna feels like your lips are buzzing
buzzing like and like like oh my its
kind of hot because it has like a pepper
in it so it brings all your blood
vessels to your lips mix it well how can
you feel it a little bit this way this
is a dick sounds gonna make my lips oh
oh kendall jenner kylie jenner oh
whatever joe the one of the Jenners can
you feel it mark where yeah yay oh there
it is so my tongue it did you get out
here I got on my tongue you're an acyl
we have the little have any napkins
they're in there honey relax relax
you're throwing everything out and
there's some for paperwork in there
I wanna get you back some mayonnaise
asking later I made some morning my mom
we're taking out his mom to the airport
right now what I wasn't going to do a
prank and now would definitely do it
thurs what yo that Frank me I always
Frankie gonna good at home no it's
annoying I wasn't pranking you i just
said put it on watching Kayla does it
come off um I still feel it is your
5-pointed taste a little thing sorry
honey what's the point of that I don't
forget it it was the first time we've
been at the airport and now I had to get
on a plane if they're a long time
we're just hoping he'll get on a plane
right now she's gonna go see your sister
or her daughter Ally sister I don't have
to go on the plane that's actually kind
of really nice I'll i do your best
impression of Buddy the elf the best
impression go on you can do it have you
ever seen elf if you guys have never
seen help that's Ally every single time
getting on an escalator
come on buddy the elf is just like me
she gets really scared of flying so I
feel kind of bad for trying to make
friends over there so she's not by
herself how many flights are that are
coming into tampering FPC there's one
two three four five six that are coming
in oh there she goes how come I feel
like a parent that their child isn't up
to college she's gone hey buddy the elf
let's go what are you doing
I love winner but when it gets so dark
so really like this I get so tired you
didn't get the pretty part so i did is
get to trash see you lost it it's gone
it's gone yield I need you to yield
sorry I guess I'm really not that's how
his first time ever going down the
course crew here in this guy is driving
on my ass I'm getting real angry the
Christmas spirit has left me you left
throw your red cup Adam do you really
want to park a little bit better next
time come on out come on out oh it does
doesn't it I guess it's not your fault
screw you here is your tighty whities I
gotta try to take back my tighty whities
we're gonna see if they can actually
take it warm a few times k three times
just don't tell them okay we're gonna
try to get some Christmas presents done
right now since we're actually down here
oh no it's actually quieter if I walk up
here let's go are you looking for
what are you looking for my poor little
girls terrified now that I was just
saying what do you actually think about
it like when you break it down Santa is
a terrifying thing he knows when you're
sleeping and goes when you're awake so
you better be good for goodness sake
having an old giggle moon big long white
hair red
I think osky sit on his lap I think I
think Santana is creepy in general so
let's listen better nut laughs better
not cry better not that's a that's a
threat that's a threat by Santa dengue
dengue dengue fever that's not what it
is dengue run away Marley here's how
about our doors but dengue dengue swamp
mosquito oh how do you want to get the
door we all know do it again
so that's our couch gets destroyed I am
confused these are you you think I
remember saying that how do i hear that
again all right guys well I thought me
luckily anyway I gotta deal with this
one we're gonna go watch a movie
together have a little date night I will
see you guys tomorrow always have a
great night
you heard why are you honey you earned
it you are
