let's go for a walk you guys gotta see
this you know Marley's bad at everything
else watch this she's amazing at walking
and I'll just simply stopped and she
stops and we'll go and we'll stop and
she stops so far today has been a very
annoying day of having to deal with this
insurance stuff with a car just very
frustrating but we have some good news
snacks is here so we're going to go get
some snacks everywhere dogs everywhere
love me because there's been such a
frustrating day with this crap I just
want my car fixed and I want to freaking
to have this behind us I don't know if
you guys noticed in yesterday's vlog
that I had a scar or a scratch here and
now I noticed that it's like it's
totally mine like a money fight that
we're playing what yellow card by the
way it's basically then explain the
rules of yellow card so it can be a work
car or like a cab or akka school buses
he's a regular civilian car that's that
car if you guys ever play turquoise car
have you you're cheating don't me tell
you what it is it's the same thing ever
you see turquoise car I called it first
you thought the person to your right I
don't have anyone to my right that's
there that sucks anyway we're seeing it
was that my scholar or Scott from here
totally Monty Python itself over here
now different the dogs might be for me
oh so now is your rowdy rounds of
turquoise card when this car stops
you're totally gonna get smashed are you
know turquoise cars hey you okay I love
you time we come here we always
accidentally men synth exact same boots
same boots I Marilla Sylvie his parents
Savior
kind of a boys day
forty dollars cash america that's good
anywhere cash american and sexy really
AC cash monies bed but not drinking it
that's why that's why it's forty dollars
I don't want it cuz he probably wouldn't
i wouldn't do it so do you want that
money 45 what's that face she gave her
40 lines is almost a ticket yes yeah
yeah I'll do it 40 bucks keyboard Barney
I'll keep their fingers in it one hold
on let's do it up in it yeah now we're
kind of making things a lot what is this
okay
Oh Oh God doing it what's the furniture
house that's all I can't stop looking
rules are changing every minute you also
have to do it fast lips round off back
handspring why did you gotta lick it
it's gonna all be gone you're taking off
your tongue out so milky I need food
you heard it why are you honey you
weren't it you earned
yeah i will give you this 40 always bad
if you look the rest of that not worth
it should I said no water but I didn't
face yeah the water what I could have
done about the water here's the thing my
motivation for that guys with the hot
dog I know if you guys remember to the
bar on stage the hot dog that wasn't you
dang it wasn't me I'm standing you up I
think was Danny Danny Danny City give me
a hundred dollars like he's that hot dog
that was on the ground in the kitchen I
just before the show I get it finish it
oh my gosh oh my god dude oh my gosh
look Cirie has a wall that's a raw
gutter yo any regrets yeah any chewy
dirt any hair ate the whole thing I'm
doing it now you have to finish it you
don't get it dude oh my gosh oh my God
we're gonna eat that NP oh my god eat it
yeah that's the grossest part chillin I
need to go take another freaking three
mile run after that little bit but I did
win I don't know what what cost though
still disgusting don't judge me it's
been gloomy all day today cuz I think
it's gonna rain but I know if it did
rain but I needed some air you know it's
kind of nice around Christmastime
because you can see all the Christmas
lights so not only do you get a nice
little ride do you get some visuals that
looks pretty
this is the type of thing I would do
just like half a sec it's on the bushes
so cut accounts do your big old heads in
the way move your freakin hey move your
head it's gonna be nice once we get
closer to Christmas because there's
gonna be more and more hopefully
Christmas lights all over the place and
we can see who act because right now
it's kind of like the people who do the
early bird stuff the ones who really
really get into doing lights and then
you know as the month progresses I feel
like people are gonna start feeling
guilty but not put up lights so it's
gonna get a little bit brighter a little
bit cooler I don't know I like Christmas
lights but I think they're just a pain
in the ass but when they're up they look
really cool I do have to admit that
let's just put it this way i love
christmas lights when I don't have to
put them up if that makes any sense
internet opinion poll are you for
Christmas lights or over the curb that's
a curb I am out getting some ornaments
for the tree because we don't have any
on the tree yet and it's looking a
little bear there's so many different
things here for Christmas is like
blowing my mind I always loved these
Charles told me that these guys always
freak him out for some reason I don't
think they're bad well he's kind of
creepy that's a weird Nutcracker I don't
like that but I do love these I always
loved the snow globes this is like my
favorite thing about Christmas is snow
globes I will have them I think I found
the winner of this little trip or i
should say the winner of as a December
third time not crazy it's just blue
that it looks appealing free that's
pretty too yeah sir don't mind me I'm
just peeking through your house just
looking at the Christmas tree no big
deal and yes it's you're curious if I
feel like crap right now after that
little bet the answer is yes I feel like
complete brand that actually just messes
my eyes right now so much color love me
obviously looking on google myself do
any of you guys know the reason why
people put Christmas lights up on their
house I always was told so Santa sees
the house but I don't know if that was
just something my parents made up or
that's actually where the the tradition
actually came from it could be that
every house has their own reason or
tradition and that they actually make up
I don't know that's just what I was
actually told as a kid and it actually
kind of interesting to hear what you
guys have to say or why you guys do it
or while your parents do it so I can
walk around target I realized that I
don't think I want these blue balls blue
bulbs nut balls but they can switch out
chasing find different one
I don't know why he didn't move the baby
had a little help I saw CTFxC are in
here and you helped me out a little bit
too yeah guys so I got pulled over I'm
just kidding
the agency had that would actually be
something would happen to me though
favorite thing about Christmas lights
are just Christmas in Florida is when
people actually light up their palm
trees it's like just something that
always makes you feel at all like that
floater Christmas I don't know what
about it just makes me feel at home and
it's probably because of all the places
I've actually been able to travel to I
think Florida is the only place that
actually decorates palm trees like that
I don't know just I don't know it just
always going to go home Marley be nice
I'll wake her up okay he's gonna go wake
her up take she's mine your way Zoe Zoe
looks like one of those little freaking
I don't know what they're called with
those ears jeez come on diesel crawl off
your mom crawl you know what I'm talking
about with Zoe what those little animals
that the big ass years and the big eyes
looks like maggots this is why I don't
like going to the grocery store by
myself Ali's way better at it i
accidentally get fat free sugar free
crap it's actually kind of funny how
like fat-free and sugar free stuff is
actually worse for you because it's been
like chemically altered or whatever it
is come on guys we gotta hit five miles
today every time I get into like routine
of working out I get like obsessed with
it last few days I've been doing like
five miles a day that's when all I've
been feeling great though that's what's
awesome especially after that freaking
thing that been made me do I feel like I
have to do like five miles aw crap is
starting to rain come on guess we got to
pick it up a little bit pick it up
double time double time marlena side
quadruple time for you I know I'm sorry
Ali came back with lots of treats like
treats galore
but this was broken so we can eat it now
that's the rule when you get candy came
through somehow breaks I remember my
sister and I would always access
accidentally break candy canes and we've
got the eel but when I was a kid all we
had with experiment ones now they have
like the Jolly Ranchers like sprees they
have airheads okay keep them up so
Marley I don't think Marlene knows this
is actually edible yeah I think once she
finds out this is edible we over living
make it nice and sweet I got nice is
that you want to put it everywhere I
make the tree nice and sweet anyway guys
thank you for watching today's video
don't forget to subscribe and we'll see
you guys tomorrow yeah bye guys doodles
I am about to disappear for a few hours
because my dad is in the hospital we got
a call from his girlfriend yesterday
saying that's her shtick up to the
emergency room
