good morning Internet today's day so no
shave november is finally over and that
means i can finally get rid of this damn
beard
this is on six right now and it's a
pretty full beard
I feel like I just like lost like 20
years of my face and if you're like I
dropped like 30 pounds of my face too
anyway good morning guys this is the
craziest part this is what came off my
face face pubes now the unveiling sadly
love the beard so much I had to get rid
of those so freaking groups different
I'm bummed because what I wanted to do
was I want to try different facial
things but the setting on the freaking
thing was way too small I thought a six
was a lot bigger than it was and now I'm
this win baby face Charles the end but
I've solution
slowly I'll get my beard back yes this
is what I do I just don't move I have an
idea holy I'm so much smarter than
I thought there we go you won't freaking
stick to my face all right we'll see
value like my beard now so you love
smooth world I can just take it off like
a baby look at Zoe No are you still look
handsome but you look at your face do I
don't like you have it like I miss spot
right like no hanging don't move oh it's
from the hair yeah come on slowpoke
diesel just did the most oh my god I
just look at myself in the freaking the
viewfinder it's gonna take some time to
get used to Zoe just did Marley one of
the dogs diesel diesel just did the most
stereotypical thing ever and barked at a
mailman let's go find him to kick his
ass running stop signs of speeding
through neighborhoods this is why I kept
are treated I get nervous about the dog
Ally's gonna kick some ass I will tar
just went for a run and I am getting a
boo I'm catching up on a little bit of
work right now I am about to disappear
for a few hours because my dad is in the
hospital we got a call from his
girlfriend yesterday saying that you
know she took him to the emergency room
because he wasn't feeling good and he
hasn't actually been feeling it for a
couple of weeks but it just got
progressively worse he had to get
surgery today you know I didn't really
talk about yesterday just because we
didn't really have the full details I'm
not going to really say too much today
but yeah I'm gonna kind of disappear for
a little bit today and go see him from
what I've been told he's doing really
good he's out of surgery
and uh so far so good you know so that's
positive he has something called
diverticulitis and I don't know the full
details of it but I think it's something
that he's going to recover well from it
can be bad but I think that we caught it
in time to where he's going to be okay
and I just you know whenever you have
surgery just set to recover a little bit
I'm gonna go do that I finish up some
work here and then I'll see you guys
later like I said jars out running so
read him on guys he's doing really
really good really really good he's
running about three miles every day so
I'm very proud of him so a lot of people
keep asking about this year's We The
Kings hometown show and i'm proud to say
this year's show is going to be one
hundred percent free as like a christmas
present or as a thank you you guys first
1000 people to show up at the door to
get into the show get a free physical
copy of strange love so i'll put a link
in the description for the tickets and
then make sure you guys are when the
first thousand people so i'm a depressed
i wanted to say that before I'd
literally just stop running just to say
that okay as you just saw haas clip
Ali's currently at the hospital with her
father he's doing well right now so she
wanted to go say hi it's like we can't
catch a freaking break it's like if
either I'm sick Ali sick Marley sick
diesel sick Zoe sick we just cannot
catch a break right now I just got news
this is something really exciting so
it's kind of gonna bring it up a little
bit we would literally working on this
project for three months now finally I
just got this today and I cannot wait to
show you guys so for about three months
Jocelyn myself and a company called
throw boy have been working on this
thing you guys know Jocelyn she's one
who did the Christmas sweaters and his
own Marley toys to make basically dog
toys like so it actually made dog toys
so it comes three to a pack comes in a
nifty little packaging you know you're
looking at rj so we got the Wi-Fi and on
the back cells internet killed
television said of course we had to make
a broken camera and on the back it says
CTFxC and the pizzas got his nice crust
all have little squeakers in them right
there so many dogs squeak toys
oh really nice there about you know
here's my hand perfect size Marley want
some pizza look at the betta I'm not
exaggerating we've been working on this
for over three months Zoey wanted the
Wi-Fi they're all dog safe and dog
friendly because you know I wouldn't
make anything available that I wouldn't
give to Zoe Marley myself what I'm
trying to say is that monday on the 7th
december 7th this coming Monday these
are going to be available unfortunately
we weren't able to make a lot of them so
this isn't a first come first serve once
they sell out we'll try to make more but
it might be you know months against and
rather than just having you know one
individual you get all three of them as
a little package one two three you suck
it catching so I'm just like really
excited about this because it's been a
project for months and I'm finally glad
it's out Alinor mom went to go get some
food right now and I wanted to kind of
meet up with them and I didn't want to
take it mover because it feels like you
know like I'm a kind of cortical
handicapped I can't drive but I can
drive this thing so I'm going to see
this thing can take me all the way over
there that's a few miles I think you can
make it
wait wait it's so demanding three two
one I knew you're right there okay this
was answered as I thought now is fell
over good you like my parking spot yeah
good a me a hole that everyone thinks
this is empty spot and then they go
closer and they see it's me here let me
open up the door is it weird that i'm
driving right now and our entire
relationship i've never jerk or oh Jesus
watch out for that giant brick wall oh I
didn't see it please point it out again
what brick wall I got sick of driving so
alleys i'll drive it like normal look at
this we're looking at christmas lights
well this is the winner i think so far
that's actually supercoiling
I know it's like a giant red worm which
side you on you're on this side this is
national dining room table we've just
converted give you the drive I'll be
what is so good good madam yeah you know
oh my god I'm sorry I thought you were a
child I got really nervous for a second
cooking potato salad we good potatoes
this is potato salad guys if you didn't
know can I try that one day now that I
don't have a beard will dry it next time
girls stuff is a funny stuff putting
blood on your face but dirt on your face
but what is that that cucumber sugar
scrub and that's why I'm saying
what I'm saying like putting mud on your
face but cucumbers on your eyes Felicia
and they put music charcoal alleys in a
baking mood right now we're gonna go
watch a movie look what you have to say
is going to be kind of like over breaths
except for a wedding huh I kinda like
Caesar's in recommendations and stuff
that we should do a month of December is
there anything like you guys like to see
or you guys wants to try challenges you
gotta want to do hey something's
happening in December yup weddings and
oh oh the hometown show I already told
about the beginning of the video I feel
like you should try oh the thing I can't
tell about that I just had the car the
meeting about sorry guys this is like
something and you're like what is it the
thing the thing okay sorry about that
anyway don't forget to subscribe guys
and we will see you guys tomorrow always
have a great night kudos I guess you'd
enjoy your boardwalk when it's not your
turn okay and get out of free jail card
if you decorated
yeah look at my boardwalk during high
seven right one two three four five this
board is looking a little scary now how
he's got some depots Bill's got a whole
slew of neighborhoods of suburban life
over there and three of us are in jail
and Melissa not good it's okay well
