what's got your hand there sir good
morning Internet Marlee can't stand the
smell either sneezing
dog
I love the grass I love the road I left
my mom I love Charles - I love the girls
I love my feet I love the grass a little
to pee time to gear up tomorrow I think
I'm gonna actually shave this beard get
rid of it
yep Ali does not want me to get rid of
the beard for some reason she's weird
this is what grandpa has so you don't
know he's drunk so I'm a little bit
frustrated well I'm not frustrated
I just had to go ahead and return
something I had to return something and
I couldn't buy my receipt and when I try
to return it they looked at me I feel
like they looked at me like I was a
thief what did you show them I had a
freaking trademark yeah I was an idiot
though it was like somebody I like took
it off the rack and I'm like oh I really
like this and I didn't try it on
give it I think that's kind of why it
might've is no she was literally
somebody lays on the ground and somebody
did like a speed Marcus getting my I
looked at it but I didn't look at it
Ali's rant for today is fresh I made me
feel so uncomfortable I was like god I'm
like fine if you don't want to take it
back then don't take it back but don't
make me feel don't make me feel like I
did something wrong Internet does anyone
know it's called pletely sidetracking
does anyone know where I can get a speed
dice version of Monopoly
very good friends beeping this poor
little guys thinks he's going somewhere
he's obviously going nowhere my buddy
run oh my God look how cute and tiny
here I would call splinter if you ever
got a mouse look how comfortable oh wow
you can see that one it's like it's so
happy gotta be a Toys R Us kid today
all right the whole eight go into a kid
story I was like my hip so I think this
is the only place we can find monopoly I
looked online and if they do I think
Melissa Phil and I and Ally we're gonna
have a very rousing game of Monopoly and
I'm gonna totally win because I know how
to win a gingerbread all right let's get
it let's build one tonight
which one you want good a mini village
so much better
no yeah these are all the same we're
gonna go all the way baby Bethany on the
jelly bellies
and now we have time-warped to the other
store doing at the trailer park they
were in a traditional I know I'm not
right now I'm not angry
sure you'd be the cherry I am a cherry
bomb well it's gonna say aunt Willy
Wonka blueberry cherry Pines of the
blueberry pie oh she's so clever if I
could pull my beard like this far out of
my face bring it out it's ridiculous I
don't know tomorrow I think it's the end
of it though dad I think you look
handsome I think it's gonna be I'm gonna
lose like 30 pounds shake this and I
like it like you look like him in many
ways bit like things right the Grizzly
Miz just was like it's attractive I'm
sorry but it really is gonna bear it
didn't work out he slept a lot he always
he always won yes what do you do you
just growled it's crashing broke shit
and ate my dog spit him out so I kicked
him right in the belly are you still
going fell asleep again
for a really long time it didn't even
let me you know say my side of the story
anyway hold another family and you're
saying that this girl's I was named like
Goldilocks I know now all right now now
I was obviously losing her mind go heal
Huck's is a whore
we will probably rant what are you run
three or four miles today yeah yeah
three and a half miles today and it kind
of obviously that puts you in a kind of
like a tired mode is where the action is
this is a really stupid question but I
always like wondered how they decided
like alright when an emergency vehicle
needs to get somewhere what noise can we
make like yeah like my favorite still
the French one was like I Spy something
that's a frequency that you can like
listen to it's heavy a certain frequency
but like literally the best ones are the
French ones I love them they're just
like I always think like the Bourne
Supremacy in the Bourne Identity go
along that bike is just makes me nervous
I think it's cuz she's like a little
lady she's talking at her husband they
get on go next time we should just put a
bunch of these in the office they look
super professional it would be a
conversational piece if you guys counted
the stores that we've been in today
alone you got a lot of errands to do
yeah well kind of made a mess over here
Am I
so much better
see this is why they run so much every
single day to reward ourselves with
treats like this we would do it what's
that gonna mean I haven't keep the
tattoo I'm not going to stop eating
we're gonna have to do is start thinking
of healthy us hurting actually a smart
idea but I feel like this is gonna
counter what we just did which is nice
so we're gonna put us up to zero
no it's put up to zero right now no big
deal you're looking good dude
look at those look at the heart look at
her Ally point out a point out her
little gap in her arms did you like that
we're trying to play Monopoly I'm about
to lose my freakin mind right now
wait what you're dyslexic all I want to
do is think I might even make it rain
I'm just enjoying my boardwalk
I would like to enjoy my boardwalk okay
under the boardwalk get out of free jail
card keep that for later
look at my boardwalk
all right one two three four five six
this board is looking a little scary now
Ali's got some depots Phil's got a whole
slew of neighborhoods of suburban life
over there and three of us are in jail
and Melissa knock the it's okay sieze
Abaza I'm gonna give you 50 because I oh
yeah you're not getting a free pass the
next time I give you fresh towel that's
love so much all right we're trying to
make a deal here I will give you your
400 others back good
rightfully belongs to me but this is
what I'm looking at guys yes and this
and I'll give you a free pass all right
Internet we had to do a pause in the
Monopoly game because it was getting too
long but right now Ali is an a-hole
dealer I would just have to say that
right now their negotiations me sir
she's too good or she's just a ol anyway
we're gonna finish that up tomorrow hope
you guys enjoyed today's video don't
forget to subscribe and have a great
night
bye guys you become annoying
I used to give I sit here put that in my
ear
stop
Charles wake up yeah
