oh-ho still went in good morning
internet like my six dollar game good
afternoon
oh one more that's close like over a run
do you want to go for a run no where's
the other one Marlene let me see your
hand again you got peed on again that's
what you get sticking your head under
things and diesel what do you have to
say for yourself sir she waits for to go
you've gone through every trend of music
and you just randomly say it like who is
it like what was that one like so rude
yeah you did the rude one you guys
probably know better than I do and then
you did the dell one it's the only way
that I can speak is through song what do
you mean whatever you get you have to
throw it into this cart you're an
Olympic athlete well we're buying it to
write again
drives me crazy makes me do weird things
in public but then the camera turns off
and she becomes the annoying no it's not
true at all I'm just trying to make
yourself feel better no they see that's
why I always sneak the camera the hidden
camera that's the only way you can make
sure that you guys know that I'm not the
annoying one yes hi now they've seen the
hidden alley cameras peanuts trough yeah
I guess for us when you couldn't get any
size you want you to see stress yeah
there were right there in front of me
what's wrong with those crazy do you
want the Fox the dog the owl or the
hippo it's so random to have a hippo hey
Ellie did you know more people die from
hippo attacks than you would imagine do
you guys know that hippos are assholes
they're just corrected they're very good
if you guys see a hippo run actually
don't run I don't know actually using
wall you should really go up and like oh
he couldn't let me hug you I mean except
snake do you guys remember that story
about snake trying it like punch a bear
fight yeah I think it's not like that
but snake actually tried to fight a bear
on tour one time but I think steak was
like drunk one time and he was like
there's a bear that was like my house it
was like a bear like in a trash can at
like a walmart you know do it to the bus
stops and we got out of the tour bus and
sure enough snake was trying to fight a
bear speaking of there
how perfect is that I said get the
squirrel wants a squirrel we got to get
something for trav and Jenny's kid but
we don't know if it's a boy or girl yet
by the way we're having a little bit I
think it's gonna be december six what do
you think it's going to be change it no
I okay well I changed it to december six
you were december i think in class time
okay the other day all right well I'm
gonna change it to december six what do
you want to be I'm nice in December 1130
12 12 Trav's kids I even out already
betting on his porch hot child I've
decided to get Charles dressed and ready
for a nuclear winter here in target why
you look great no it this one smells
terrible this does have a functor smells
like mold mold ease oh it doesn't smell
the movie it just has a fun to it it
smells like bug you it smells in dirty
armpit no it smells like when you do
your laundry could be just the odor
coming from you yeah where'd you do that
hat you can't throw things on the ground
you have to hang them up oh yeah that
was it wave it it looks like your hair
it looks like actually looks like it
might be a two-faced I need a diamond
hair silver this is my favorite thing to
do with people out with shopping carts
try it next time so they're pulling in
right and then you slowly just take it
and just make them go to 360 then make
them go back to the normal section it's
fun try it I'm sure people love it it's
fun
I know boy d that's an american bulldog
right that's like a Tyson almost it's
quick let a female Tyson see now it's
literally switch you become annoying
singing that's so de Lille I used to get
my sister to lick your own finger and I
bigger sell 20 what with for Melissa my
brother you see how their do you know
what God know what I don't fall for that
crap and what is the appeal about doing
that somebody really i figure wet and
stick it in your nasty year it makes me
laugh yeah you just put that in my ear
that's gross stop
Charles wake up why you hitting yourself
stop crowd stock chart you do quick I'm
gonna go into the store the delay your
girlfriend just beat you up yeah come
love you fortune we're just annoying
together that's what it is I'm sorry
truce no truth oh we did that last time
I'm done I'm sorry I'm done oh no there
you go I like that one that we good but
that's not really the thing try to find
an officer get distracted there so right
now we're trying to find a couch for the
office and we're trying to find
something that looks a little bit
professional and they're sharp being a
new
okay you try to Shh turn that off ma'am
that's super crown that's it rice is
great our printer just needs some paper
tonight we're watching
she's gonna make myself at home right
now freakin Blondie's walking around
call Ali hey where you at blondie I was
just another couch oh yeah sitting on a
couch where yeah yeah for finally I'm
sitting on couch good luck ah you're no
fun yeah out of it later run by the run
between the legs are ya yeah between the
legs I tried to play outside she just
get one retrieve with Zoe inside she'll
play all day huh got your foot you're
like Tyson now we got as o pod and we
got at ipod changes with his hybrid I
owe your body Ali's OC dienes is now
kicking in so she wanted to do the tree
completely over Oh see Venus right there
it looks better that we trimmed the
bottom a little bit doesn't look so
scruffy like my face I also got a carpet
shampooer because we were gone a long
time ago Zoe got sick and I guess it she
always gets out every time I leave her
and she did a nice little stain right
there do you remember doing that so I
want to see okay this is before let's
see if it works after holy shit it
actually worked you know like when you
start cleaning one thing you just get on
like a cleaning spree is there cleaning
everything I originally started cleaning
my office I started cleaning this smells
better already I'm gonna go into the
bedroom
probably the studio upstairs as well hey
I drop the blue ball hey babe can you
grab my blue ball I don't know why can't
you can't keep playing with a blue ball
you lettin up there you stop okay so we
have one of our first cameras we have to
me verse you gaming controller it's the
annual photo we have to do it every year
and this year we got diesel part of the
family band scenes sweet we have that
little scratch off a league at me so
this is how we're going to the vlog
either awesome or really kind of bummed
I'm gonna let a lead they have the corn
because last time we actually won twenty
bucks over the ten bucks 110 bucks we
still wanted my way okay winning numbers
we had a 7 a-3 or 20 a 26 a 917 okay do
you have to read the directions on these
things because I feel like you're full
fruits / like idiot-proof a 21 30 29 11
but if you get these symbols you get
special things to see alright so I gotta
keep going that could have sucked if I
just didn't go all the way down this is
I always like to just do the numbers and
not see the amount well you said that
these could be down there yeah no no I
know but okay 22 are you kidding me come
on you never knew name come on 27 come
on
I'm sorry oh man this is a terrible
present all right guys hope you enjoyed
today's video don't forget to subscribe
and we will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great I doodles I ask how
do you do that you girl like that right
I get 19 do not expect that so join us
this is gonna be a disaster
Oh
gran identify those feral I Marley did
another good today through all the book
which means that I have to go ahead and
wash her because she had poop all over
her white coat don't you and we don't
want that rolling in our bed cuz you'll
give us pink on and will smell like poop
charges go hang out with bulletin still
aquastar sat in town that's are you sure
