sorry school friend forgets girlfriend
good morning guys screw up it's right
over there though she look there oh he I
don't know which one it is
it's my favorite thing in the world do
they know that word they know better
than the word walk or the word Beth Zoey
that time see how's that work - time for
Beth
in a while again
break
it's alright
are you okay there bud is everyone cold
you guys need your jackets we'll cover
you up
come on sis up come over here everyone's
all cold I don't know where the day went
like this is what the day look like
I know it's later now but this is
honestly I'm not even exaggerating you
guys saw when I was um getting the dogs
bath this is what it looked like pretty
much all day it looks like I didn't even
wipe balance something right now it's
just it's like overexposure outside it's
been a weird freaking day
let me see tea so everyone's all getting
snuggled up I think the funniest one is
always Marla because she just loves it
here's the biggest wimp of them all we
had to go pick up stuff at the peel box
so they've done that in a while and I
have to ship something back I got on
anyway and having the hardest time in
the world put together a box see this is
where it needs to be that's what it
needs to be and this is what I'm making
it look like right say I'm not the only
one
all these instructions of course they
didn't look at that why don't I just
nail with it this might be easier I'll
just use this there's Ali and there I am
coincidentally right next to each other
oh what a strange quickening there's no
way anybody for those next to each other
nice diesel needs that everybody matches
named diesel like when I imagine
somebody named or a dog named evil he
needs a jean jacket and some jean shorts
I think we're pretty good on Aramis hey
it is obsessed the cat's just gonna
knock him down it looks like a toy on
you see it's pretty
this is pretty impressive
thanks buy it on speakerphone we're guys
got actually climb a ladder study had
reindeer for this so we're trying to
find a book for Lila like her first book
and I'm trying to learn my first books I
think this is actually one of them
I don't I never heard that one I haven't
either I think that one was probably one
of my first ones no there that was
actually one of my first two as the rack
and a half you never heard that one I
want to have where the sidewalk tree
good eye needs to be the first one I
said I still have my really question
time guys what was the first book you
can remember getting I don't know do you
guys remember the yellow Waldo book the
one that has at the very last page all
Waldo's and get to find that he has like
one shoe on I actually found him one day
it was the greatest moment of my young
childhood okay so the cat on the stairs
is now becoming the funniest thing to me
now we can all see you doing stupid
things doing cat stuff
this little thing is entertaining silver
baby up with everyone to get from dinner
I will be playing some trivia it's gonna
be a very personal personalized trivia I
burned 1,100 calories so I can actually
eat something here you wouldn't think
that's all you did I exercise for a 189
minutes I didn't actually really so and
then I stood for over 13 hours crushing
it low five
what says that
you didn't know English language well
then why does it say that language
I don't want flapjacks here is my
workout yeah nice that right there did
you know that she lives on the Internet
oh really so but he's so mad beats she I
just showed most of that without the
wife's kinda went down yeah I don't
think I'll ever live that one down that
will always be a memory every crispy
right it's so that sucks so bad four
times happen four times a day
enjoy this meg
and I went real basic I got some chicken
tenders with some what is this again
versus the espresso bacon jam a buffalo
chicken wraps in their monkey sauce mmm
I have like a feast for like 50 people
right here it's like hey Beast the Beast
one each and it's like it's so how do
you not like those if you have no idea
what it feels like then be chair it's
let me just go I knew that's pretty much
what it feels like every single year
what we try and do is we try and get
like a new ornament to add to our kind
of a tradition obviously I already got
into it which was the little camper kind
of representing like our honeymoon and
just like our really amazing took that
we had together but then I also wanted
to get this one and it's just a thrill
with stuff on top of it and I saw and I
thought it was super cute because we got
a grill to bring into our camping trip
so kind of like all intertwined I think
it all goes together and we've been
trying to grill more so it's not really
that cool it's nothing that really crazy
but I really liked it I thought I was
really cute and really different I still
want to know like what does some of your
favorite Christmas traditions are you
guys starting any new traditions what
some of your favorite holiday traditions
cuz learn everybody celebrates Christmas
but what are some of your favorite
traditions that you guys do at the end
of the year with your family ours is a
Christmas tradition and ours has to do
with ornaments and I kind of like it
something minor when it's something
that's meaningful I think it's something
that we can actually keep forever it was
just kind of cool unless it breaks then
you're kind of screwed oh my go ahead
put our next ornament onto the tree you
sir
you're gonna move her there I added some
tinsel because I was like the tinsel is
so cute and I really really liked this I
think I'm gonna put this one
hopefully if I can get it on this limb
right there and I like it turned out
really really nice our tree is a little
funky it's a little tacky and I think
it's just perfect my mom actually gave
us these and I love these things I think
they're super super pretty this is
actually from our wedding registry we
were trying to be funny we're like yeah
we're gonna throw that on there is like
something quirky and weird somebody
bought it and we're so happy they did
obviously I have this one to kind of
represent myself the llama is kind of an
inside joke between char and I in
regards to diesel squirrel is obviously
squirrel friend which is like Marley I'm
in hot cocoa we've got the moon man
totally Charles this is a really cool
one that we got from a sea tippex ear
this is actually from my sister's
in-laws come on guys you knew that one
was coming
got another cup there this is actually
one I think that Charles might have
chosen my mom gave us this one last year
we're just kind of actually from 2014
that's really crazy
oh I didn't actually show you this so
this one which I bought from this year
it's pretty darn cool because it lights
out that was like one of my best
memories of this year besides bringing
my dream man this is definitely
something that reminds me of a really
magical time with that we got spent when
the dogs and I was like a new married
couple so that was pretty darn cool
char's mom gave us this a-and this seed
last year and we'd loved it so much so
we had to make sure we had it on the
tree this year my grandma has ornaments
that I made her when I was sick in first
grade so does my mom but she also has
ornaments that were handed down from
like her mom and then her aunts things
of that sort and I feel like of the
Christmas holiday for me I like
ornaments the most because I just feel
like a lot of ornaments they're handed
down and there's a lot of significance
to them and I love that I don't know I
really really love that Charles is in
the other room and he was like working
on some emails right now Heidi this week
has actually been a little bit of an off
week for us and I don't know about you
guys I get a little frazzled by the
holidays and I feel like most human
beings do Charles and I are definitely a
little frazzled we have been taking on a
few new things in our life and they're
wonderful and I'm not upset about that
and neither see with these new additions
to our everyday life we have just been
more consumed by things are that our day
seems a little bit more bland
just today I think today it just seems a
little bit more plain because we have
some crazy stuff that's happening this
weekend we're definitely frazzled by the
holidays and we're trying to get things
in order and to get things figured out
along with like trying to figure out
things that are us Charleston is a
family and today has been one of those
days where it's kind of like a catch-up
day and it's so funny because I know
we've talked to you guys about this a
million times
there's just a certain days where it's
like you get so caught up in work and
then family things and then personal
things that you just kind of like you're
like holy Sh the day's already halfway
past today was one of those days for
sure but we really hope you guys enjoy
today's vlog I'm sorry if it was weird
and bizarre cuz it probably was cuz we
say that to all the time and honestly
it's seems to be a reoccurring thing
especially with the past like month it's
been like that we do have to say
congratulations to Kaitlyn and Hunter
who just had their son and we were so
happy for them we want you guys to
please go give them a very very loving
congratulations because their son came
in a few weeks early but he was healthy
and he is happy and so is Kaitlyn and so
it's hunter we were just so happy and
excited for them but also we have to say
two of our very closest most amazing
friends Sam and Jen from the sama vlogs
they are having their third child and
then the Johnson family who also have a
volume channel but they are also having
their third and we just want you guys to
go and give them so much love go check
them both out and it's just like it's a
good way to end of the year for sure
goodnight internet please don't forget
to subscribe and we'll see you tomorrow
now now
