good morning three legs take me inside
type odd
come on type odd take me in good buddy I
wouldn't mess with them
oh and I are being all gruff cavemen and
building a fire pit actually we just
latched it but you guys don't
necessarily have to know that I made it
you made it just started banging out the
steel I know are you gonna fight at your
grandma's house hi buddy hello buddy
hi buddy hi no hi my mom we gave her our
old bed and it was that Melissa and
Phil's house unfortunately we've tried
two different bed frames and they didn't
work it's just like they're off by like
a few inches but a few inches still
isn't working so now we're gonna go and
try and find something still got that
puppy mentality don't you calm Loula
that's why you and Zoe probably get
along very well he's so calm sit deep
you max good boy so this is basically
what we need but unfortunately we do
need a footboard extension and it's
telling us right there plain as day that
they don't have it all right time to put
some more miles on months ago for the
first mile don't pretend like you don't
want it there it is we're waiting board
we're all getting bored now see think
she's gonna get it was he's not gonna
get anywhere near it okay well that was
actually kind of smart going around the
side buddy
you're getting so big I know such a
lunatic oh my gosh he's gotten so much
bigger than I feel like the last time
you guys saw him good boy Oh can I have
it
yeah well that didn't work you're a
lunatic max I don't think that's what
you're supposed to be doing there buddy
since I was walking and running I kind
of like always have my time to like my
head and just clear my head and I was
like thinking about some things I wanted
to say to you guys like before or how to
say them and it's kind of like I'll just
jump into it this year has been kind of
like obviously more quote unquote real
life year a little bit more laid-back
than normal like past couple years
there's always been like traveling crazy
things happening
and not to say a lot of crazy things
didn't happen this year but I've noticed
that thinking about this year it's been
more of a chill year I kind of feel like
some people have kind of lost interest
in the vlogs which kind of obviously
bums me out but that's not to say like
next year actually next year is gonna be
an insane year since the album just came
out we have so much touring so much
traveling I'm gonna be off chemotherapy
and it's been really hard for me to kind
of adjust this year but feel like 2015
was kind of like a much-needed relaxing
year or break year I mean not to say
that we didn't do anything really cool
this year because hell yeah we did
but I feel like you know like views are
kind of like a very superficial thing
when you in vlogs because you don't do
things necessarily for views on when you
do daily videos because this is a huge
investment you do things to connect with
people and I feel like we've done a very
good job this year of connecting I just
like kind of feel like I've left some
people down on the seat if exceed that I
used to watch the videos and it was kind
of stressing me out
thinking of how I wanted to say this
because I didn't want to come off as
like whiny or complaining or anything
like that but it was just something that
was on my mind and I wanted to kind of
talk about it a little bit I think why
really kind of concerned me a little bit
is because I love doing these videos
I love investing my time I love this
that's my job I love hanging out with
you guys would love meeting you guys and
just sometimes I guess sometimes my
moments a weakness I feel a little bit
like concerned or I guess even scared
about certain things about the videos I
guess what I'm trying to say is I feel
like 2015 may have been like my year of
rebuilding and reestablishing myself as
a person you know doing these things for
like 7 years you kind of lose yourself
and a lot of different things and I feel
like this was this year was like about
more focusing on family my health and
staying home a little bit you know
resting a little bit yes I shouldn't say
that I apologize because I feel like
this is a year that I needed to focus on
these things there's a lot of things
going on behind the scenes you know
focusing on the health because whether
or not I want to admit it or not the
chemo actually does a lot to me to my
brain obviously to my brain but to my I
guess I don't want any motivation but my
ability to do things because I want to
do things constantly but like sometimes
my body just wasn't let me
and I feel like it kind of hurt me a
little bit I don't know why I was kind
of scared about talking about this stuff
because I was telling Ally and she's
like you need to say that on the videos
they need to know and it's actually very
true she was absolutely right because I
don't want to feel like I'm like hiding
anything I want to feel like I'm holding
anything back these are like
documentation of my life this is like a
video diary in my life for past eight
years and it's like lying to myself so I
don't want to do that so that's kind of
like one I hit wanted to try to say this
while it's kind of on my head on my head
I'm very eloquent all right that's
pretty much it actually I really don't
have anything else to say other than
that all right now I got to go back to
running because I just took like 30
minutes to film this so that obviously
means I had to do this a couple times I
don't know what to say sometimes and I
don't want to ramble for 40 minutes so
sometimes I'll just retry it and
sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't
okay low are you okay pretty girl he
just slammed that right in your face
max that was screwed up now what are you
gonna do huh now you can't kick so I'm
stepping on it you can get it now what
are you gonna do uh-oh hey why she's
telling you who's boss this is Lola for
those of you who don't know who she is
this is my mom's dog she is a sweetheart
yeah just wheaty
what hush-hush
you didn't even do a mile I did three I
don't want to hear it get a game over
join any motivation
ghost on the camera you had your ass
right one do who how do you do that you
like that right I get one god did not
expect that
turn the left hand this is the gonna be
a disaster Oh granted I was beside those
paralyzed do Marley didn't know there's
a cruel danpoop which means that I have
to go ahead and wash her because she has
poop all over her white coat don't you
and we don't want that rolling in our
bed cuz you'll give us pinkeye and will
smell like poop charge me go hang out
with Melissa and Phil August Rush dad's
in town I tell you she won't poop yeah I
know that's why I'm washing her fish
rolling could taste like salt you're not
faking it no I can't
it's supposed to be really good for you
yeah cos you lick it no you're such a
liar okay they're licking I you think
I'm messing with you on this one up with
the camera wave you don't believe me why
not plugged in there goes
try it usually do a bit more sir do I
have to separate you two
licking seriously I'm telling you your
face tells everything there's $100 right
here I will just hit pay if that does
not taste like silent I just licked it
licked it I just licked it when doesn't
taste like oh you smell the poop on her
who diesel smells it ever since the
Thanksgivings been over I've been
freaking craving pumpkin pie I don't
want to make a lady to spend a freakin
four hours making that sound let's see
her looked at getting one again have you
ever had sweet potato pie yeah he's
pretty good yeah I've never had it I
feel like you
I think you ever see potato pie no the
lady taught me a little trick see how
it's like steaming that means it was
baked today I should get a time clock
called some old school time cards every
time I punch in for filming and punch
out for filming like I punch in when I
started filming during the day and then
I punch out when I'm done editing then I
hit the export button could be actually
kind of fun actually see how many hours
a day that I actually do it it always
frightens me the amount of things being
recalled this one spray is hot water
this one breaks and your kid hits the
ground face-first
this one you choked and died this one
shoots out metal out of a fan hey guys
who's got the Funyuns you ponder the
world and you look for the answers would
you never know I get ready for Star Wars
I'm gonna try this pie right now I just
wanna say thank you so much for what you
see crazy Smurf back there thank you so
much guys for watching today's video and
for letting me rant and ramble earlier
it means a lot to me that I'm able to do
that with you guys every once in a while
anyway don't forget to subscribe and we
will see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night dude
say bye Smurf bye she knows where it's
at now
he wanted out my finger I saw you get to
punch what you're gonna turn around I
get to punch your boo-boo punch punch
this is on me
oh and a waffle maker that sounds
delicious cheese alright time to just
throw up four miles of his ran today
horses breakeven
I've ran four miles now I can have some
of this I've only seen these like in
like New York it's
