did I get up it's late sorry good
morning afternoon get up warning
Internet I'm comfortable look look at
her eyes oh really get up yeah I'm
talking to you but that's like down put
it down put it down put check up put it
down keep down keep it down don't do it
down well they have a new squirrel
friend derek was like where you going
she's so calm and then I'll just going
crazy she saw you later I want a
squirrel friend
are you comfortable now are you feeling
so much better one footing for the other
get a walk gotta go gotta walk marley
hey there we go distracted gotta keep
walking there we got numbskull over here
just flopping around still going guys
still doing it I've actually feel a lot
better i'm actually getting off faster
and going longer so i feel like i'm
getting back to my my old Charles feel
so much better or just getting a lot
more exercises I should say so Caitlin
and I came to build Jackson's because
right now we're trying to find her um
guess it would be skiing dare right yeah
I just need a few i'm sure like
different layers and stuff so she needs
pants and jackets and i want to have all
that stuff well we're just looking for a
quite i just in case you find something
I like I yep but I love bill Jackson's
it's so cool it's so different there's
so many different crazy prints all right
now we're looking for that because she's
going you're going skiing right yes
ma'am yes ma'am in Colorado we're
getting to the end of no shave november
and i just realized how long this thing
is for those that i literally just had
to blow dry my beer can make all the
watch all this water i hope you guys can
see it you did it becomes like flying
out
i just thought i was able to do it I
cannot wait to take this fucking thing
off what's that bridge later let's watch
blue this it's soaking wet still soaking
wet I think this is long distance up for
been after I don't want to be that kind
of person that looks at the screen and
not the camera I'm just like observing
that is frickin okay still profile
ridiculous I don't know I kind of feel
like I'm getting a little bit attached
no pun intended to the beer so I don't
know if I actually want to get rid of it
what do you guys think should I go a
year with the beard or should I get to
get rid of it actually to be honest i
don't think i could last a year i might
feel the last maybe what I think the
longest we I think I went through
December oh don't shave December and
then was it just do it just keep it
January and then fuck it februari I
think that's how it goes and then man
march I don't know there's some reason
there's like always a reason why to keep
a beard totally ready totally ready I
think it is so funny that they have all
ski gear in Florida kind of all the
floats my mind a little bit cuz it's
like 90 plus 90 it's like 75 degrees out
right now and review everything you
could need I like a lot of Oh Kailyn get
that at the young one yes all right be
any wise maybe you should get Tom this
one look at the stuff on the inside Kate
or maybe that one or you could just get
them this maybe or you get him that one
oh my gosh all these things are so crazy
I'll stuff that you need I'm definitely
not an expert when it comes to
snowboarding or skiing and the apparel
that you need to survive the cold so you
can learn how to paddle board and you
can learn how to kayak it's pretty
awesome it's a huge pool it's got
dumbbell Jackson's which by the way
being out here it is so cool there's
it's like the drive out here it's pretty
awesome galen got a few things that you
need to get for her trip that's
coming up and now how come it's only a
right turn so I just met up with Ali
okay I get some Artemis and I was like
what I recognize I've never seen that
show ever good show great nothing what's
final ornament which we get this year
Pizza good there's a video game 11 hot
sauce you want to be old fish oh by the
way I found something we should get
today we should try to play this is like
our favorite thing we just end up
getting things that are meant for like
five years old but it says five and up
think the technicality is that we're
allowed to get it come on slowpoke
yesterday I gotta do is put your foot on
the on a wheel s.h.i.t you see after
thanksgiving i still feel like what is
it the tryptophan I feel like I saw so
much shorter fan of my system that I'm
so tired and I'm getting exhausted by
like five pm Charles I think that you
spiked spiked my gallery with tryptophan
thank you daddy okay tired oh boo punch
it's not my booth what are you gonna
turn around i give the pile font uniboob
come on you're hurting go punch that's
my crotch punch be nice to me i enticed
you are lucky this is on me
I'm sorry my love oh and a waffle maker
that sounds delicious re cheese alright
time to just throw out the four miles of
his ran today horses break even I've ran
four miles now I can have some of this
yeah yeah nothing but lies I've only
seen these like in like new york and
stuff too like grocery cart it's winning
yeah I've never seen this in Florida
I've always seen it ever in city Thank
You grocery cart machine he's chasing
our like a t-rex who would my hacksaw
jim duggan right Hannah oh so they have
awesome got it what the hell is nothing
what you see the flying wait not that
little black thing right there right
look right here right there in front of
my lens house friends Devon it's the
sealer coming over for a little bit so
we're trying to clean up a little bit or
i should say the rubik's is cleaning up
for us I haven't made this in a very
long time but I'm gonna make stories
that hummus on you I'm gonna make some
homemade hummus hummus haven't done in a
while and we found this as an impulse
buy it's portable ping-pongs we're gonna
see if it'll work on our table over
there you guys want to see how focused
Marley is she just doesn't care about
anything other than food watch this stay
oh yes okay stay stay oh how'd you know
those combat
what's going home game over so I showed
you guys this briefly that we bought
this cool little portable like I guess
it's a portable ping-pong table but you
don't have to have an entire table so
I'm gonna see if this thing works mol
gear emoji
well we're just going to return like
that shit didn't happen famous brain
surgeon has to leave his number and my
high price my don't have to stop go with
them again the sides of can and I can't
play away the truth is even if they
don't admit and everybody poops
everybody by the way guys weeks visiting
black friday sale um until monday so if
you guys like it all of us together see
shit if you want to get any of the sweet
javax t-shirts and hoodies and beanies
and hats all that stuff is on sale right
now to give it to verse calm especially
if you miss black product that's why we
want to extend it make it fair for
everybody
you
you
hard just get back is I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always have a good night
doodles yes so much creepy guys can't
see we just show you how to do this the
ice picks so this black friday i got
underwear and pants t-shirt think
anything cool fortunately okay all right
all right that's right yellow leader yes
yeah i got some cool underwear oh my
freaking cool underwear I got some
schoolboy
here your little be missed I got some
cool sweatpants for a tour getting ready
for all that fun stuff huh yeah awesome
