good morning Internet and welcome to
Black Friday
so I'm here with Melissa Kaitlyn
awaiting for Micah and Phil Ali was
really tired because she killed it on
Thanksgiving and we're gonna go see if
we can find any cool little things on
Black Friday something I've always
noticed while doing these for years I'm
doing these on the vlogs is that I
always expect something crazy to happen
and it's always so organized and nothing
ever happened so maybe we'll have
Melissa fight somebody hey can you point
some of your head
can you put somebody in the head today
baby liven up Black Friday here's the
cops you should take that cop and clutch
gonna pay yeah exactly
Melissa did you say someone's getting
arrested and there's a cop on a horse
over there so that's probably the most
lively thing we've ever seen on Black
Friday Hey
why I mean in worse in its ears I know
good old steers
it's us and for other people I feel like
you need to do some crazy hair fell like
what I don't know I know I saw him the
other day actually one like this and he
actually did the thing for he's probably
drunk right now
that's pretty fun that one's really hard
to get in right it looks like it walking
around trying to get out of here I just
noticed we were locked in I turned
around cuz I was like completely freaked
out I was like you know like that moment
where you second-guess yourself and you
don't remember how you got somewhere and
you're like maybe no I did something
else closed oh my god that would have
just made me cry why are they closing so
early here
I know this is this is usually what I
guess movies I was almost to be super
sad getting basically not let into one
of my favorite Black Friday things oh
there we go
oh shoot I need to get a new one for
this beard my other ones is gonna break
leaving empty-handed this year you
couldn't find it I got some pants
actually not from here though
what the hell is going on this is slow
this isn't teacher to jump off this
thing huh I don't know because these
know it
this is ridiculous look at her she's
like sliding through the whole thing
come on mark look go now
come on that teaches you Kahlan and I I
don't know why I'm not wearing my
sunglasses right now I've decided to
tackle Black Friday during the day
because I can't do a lot higher there is
it yeah scrambling to find a parking
spot right now is I don't care how good
the sale is I really do start to think
that I was about this to shop online
yeah and this is actually not even a bit
I know internationals probably nuts
right now
you getting better every day so we are
now doing the Black Friday that Kaitlyn
and Ali we're doing it a little bit
later in the day it said during the
midnight one because it was kind of like
it was kind of a botch saying for us I
found some pants found one pair of pants
or like super expensive that they are
really cheap all right you know what's a
really weird word the word serum just
sounds gross this is where all the serum
is apparently some cereal
that was serums for
I always loved doing that it's like the
opposite of a flat tire you go
underneath some his foot and kick it up
so that way you don't actually hurt the
person what the fuck
sister ricotta joke at the trunk there
way to uh there's the front a normal
human being
yeah with that shirt you do look like a
hippie yeah it's right up hippie
gangster right now please stop these are
a little bit more chaotic here oh wow
that could be your new year's dress got
at the foot out go try it on it looks
kind of cool I like it yeah yeah yeah
that's funny
we do we do have all three spoons on the
bait and I can only send it to you yeah
I was just gonna say the color the it
fit you perfectly if the black ever see
turn on yeah I like it I mean I just
don't like to call it doesn't fit here
well they could fix that I don't know
what about a window store makes you
laugh you wanna go to the Windows Store
it makes me I don't know why it makes me
laugh are you Black Friday it out yet
blow-drying my hair my beard
you look a little grisly yeah I had the
blow-dry
I want to see that not one leaf fall off
not one leap well if your belief doesn't
fall off I will give you a 30-minute
back massage see I don't actually feel
that guilty about this I'm like oh I ate
a lot yesterday but they have a salad on
I was trying to try to do it it'll work
okay now one piece can fall off crap do
you want the 30-minute back massage
you've already lost drumroll
I can't
fail
Jews take the mail what taste the mail
I can't leave until you finish your
plate
yes
you grew up life
it's bubbles
this is what we have to do in Florida we
have to blow soap bubbles out the mimics
snow hey Santa
what's a pizza someone screwed you guys
can't see let me just show you how
creeper this look nice
so this Black Friday I got underwear and
pants and t-shirts think anything cool
unfortunately okay all right all right
that's nice yes yeah I got some cool
underwear look my freaking cool
underwear
I got some school what your little penis
you got some cool sweatpants for tour
getting ready for all that fun stuff huh
yeah awesome a little short actually I
got zero electronics this year I feel
kind of lame but I had some clothes I
got some shirts why'd you get a New York
underwear I don't know I just there was
a packs with free oh no I got some black
shirts no I didn't mean that jeez we're
gonna take it that one back
you want to wear those you can wear
those are they all like that
son of a bitch in that one I can't
Wow yeah I didn't see it says briefs on
that one they snuck that in there I
don't know about that but alright we're
gonna be returning some underwear no if
we can do that can you know how many of
these come in effect oh you got a green
pear wait no is it those those are
normal okay
I think I almost screwed up once so oh
those are zou zou zou zou zou zou those
oh good night buddy Shh what's this is
always so ticklish
Zoe take a nice little smile oh there
she is anyway guys I hope you enjoyed
today's video and I hope you guys had a
great Black Friday make sure to tell me
in the comments some cool stuff that you
guys managed to find like I said I you
saw I found underwear and pants but
whatever it's just it's kind of if
that's for me it's not so much going out
and getting things it's more of the
atmosphere that's why I kind of like
Black Friday I think it's just like a
unique stupid thing anyway I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video I'll see you
guys tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe and cook a little like button
if you enjoyed today's video
have a great night time must hate this
house I can just tell you just hate this
house if you don't want to be here this
isn't your place this is nothing much
comfier spread you've ever laid in oh I
just hate it don't look at me don't look
at me okay look at me we got these
little Zachary slushy things since I
don't drink and Caitlin doesn't drink
obviously Caitlin you're a real drinker
frankly we butchers out hers actually
isn't a virgin daiquiri got the
newspaper bud
