so Caitlyn and mom came over to help me
prepare for Thanksgiving because um
we're making potatoes and then green
bean casserole and then got pies and
another pie in there and then Marlene is
gonna make turkey the stuffing and some
other stuffs my first Thanksgiving that
I'm doing but I need their help and I
probably should help them right now cuz
they're cutting and doing everything and
my mom came over with a present today
which was her world-famous artichoke dip
which is so good I mean I've been
telling Charles about your tricks it for
a long time so I'm excited to finally
get to try it it's a surprise it's a
surprise recipe it's a delicious recipe
it's a secret delicious surprise recipe
it's awesome so I'm very excited about
that later about green bean casserole
that we're gonna put in there that's
okay good all the dogs outside I agree
Happy Thanksgiving I might have
overestimated the time frame of getting
everything done everything's coming
along pretty darn well and then I think
it's so weird though that sometimes
people what my family doesn't too but
for Thanksgiving dinner it's always so
early it's always up like three years to
30 or four and I push it back to 5:30
even though that's still a little bit
early for me for dinner I don't know is
that something that you guys to like
where your family celebrates
Thanksgiving early like they have it
early in the day where is going or not
blender a mixer I don't mind being the
taste tester I know Marley is is
actually Marley day it's not
Thanksgiving
he's national Marley eat food day is it
done yet blondie is it done yet creeps
sometimes my mind plays tricks on me it
all keeps adding up I think Holly's
killing it right now yeah okay wait what
is this weird contraption on our
neighbors lawn only person I've seen in
a long time that actually still getting
newspapers gizelle you barely fit in
there
we keep finding this house and
investigating more and more this house
is about a 1.1 million dollars - with
all this renovation you have to do this
for a nail gun
isn't that crazy looking lizard is the
guard lizard you don't want to mess with
this lizard all while cooking I'm
looking up all the Black Friday deals
and try to find the best one I think
there might be one actually on CTFxC
merch calm so he wants a merch on Black
Friday no CTFxC merch calm and I think
there might be one on Cyber Monday as
well so just a heads up
I don't know if they advertise that yet
and I'm looking online to find the best
Black Friday sales and hilariously
enough for all the things we need right
now I think the best best ones are Home
Depot and Bed Bath and Beyond because I
don't I don't need a freaking TV I don't
want you know surround system or
anything like that this is for you Ben
all the way from here the trippi's hates
olives really mm-hmm now it's charts
turns we go ahead and cook something for
Thanksgiving now just try and sample all
the food he's actually gonna do what I
like
are you making they're called Oh spinach
pasta they look like wrenches testicles
clearly these are called French balls
because they lose oh oh they know they
seem to be yeah yeah literally if you
search Lynch balls on the internet the
recipe comes up otherwise and we were
just working on some way to King stuff
there's no breaks Errol I don't like the
yoke ever since Malaysia I can't eat
eggs yeah but honey you're not even
gonna know who's gonna be cooked in
there yeah but I still remember that
what about everybody else you can't be
so selfish and just think about yourself
I'm giving thanks to like yeah I'm
making sure you rather put the eggs
don't come like this
hey eggs don't come like this they come
out the chicken vagina well I that's
ringing your scrambled eggs whatever
there's eggs and a lot of things to eat
so how do matter cameo milk I can't know
that there's an egg in there because
ingredients contains eggs
grinch balls Wow our usual even crumbs
rate would literally rate we're vacuums
such a jerk house of the future so Ali's
doing the research for Black Friday
deals I'm gonna go take the girls on a
golf cart ride before everyone gets here
because Zoe's leg is kind of not feeling
too good so I'm gonna let them get some
some air at least oh you wanted to sit
there come on all the way good girl
how's your leg like you okay
I'm terrified one turned this way this
way amazing the teach probably how to
drive
this is a blogger Christmas tree we
didn't have any ornaments because
they're all at the other house so I just
took our old vlogging cameras and use
them for now between all the broken ones
we come out to fill this entire tree
look like you're doing really well
you're healing really nice use one go
straight outside don't ya think about
good old tie pod my mom still has this
Carver this is what the instruction
booklet looks like that's how old is
this gotta be at least from the 50s I
think we like cooked for an army we
might have overcooked
impressive watching time must hate this
house I can just tell you just hate this
house you don't want to be here this
isn't your place this is not the most
comfy aside you've ever laid in oh I
just hate it don't look at me don't look
at me
okay look at me we got these little
daiquiri slushy things since I don't
drink and Caitlyn doesn't drink
obviously Caitlyn you're a real drinker
she's trying to quit we switched hers
out hers actually isn't the virgin
daiquiri get the newspaper bud he's a
dog I'll let him do it I'm tired
yeah aftermath of Thanksgiving
everybody's quiet and lunch down Black
Friday be like mm-hmm
honey that's Instagram and here she
comes
this is why I have to be very careful
you're dressed almost identical this is
the fair friendly fire friendly fire
really just wanted to take a moment just
to say how thankful I am for you guys to
be in my life and I just wanted to say
you know so thankful to be healthy alive
having such a amazing family having an
amazing girlfriend having amazing
friends you guys days like this is when
you kind of need to like take a step
back and just realize how amazing life
is and how you should cherish the little
things in life I don't want to grab all
too much by this one we've got to say
some of the things that I am thankful
for because I feel like this is what we
should do every single day in the
comments I want you guys to tell me what
you're thankful and let's all have a
nice little group sharing session I'm
gonna go get ready
and I'm gonna go with most of Phil
Caitlyn anything Micah and we're gonna
go try doing some Black Friday shopping
Allie I think it's going to be exhausted
she killed Thanksgiving she just killed
it she did so much work I just can't
express how much I appreciate the work
that she put into this and I thought as
she put into this it's just she's an
amazing woman
anyway it was a treat just like as a two
continued I will see you guys tomorrow
have a great night I can't wait to read
all you guys the comments tell me what
you're thankful for and I hope you guys
had an amazing amazing day and whether
or not you celebrate you know
Thanksgiving or not just a happy
Thursday thank you guys so much
have a great night I guess toast fit
Merry Christmas little baby fall over
like the new improved Charlie Brown
shape it's not ugly enough you'd have to
trim it a lot more I agree that's a good
three footer that's cute that's the real
tip top of the tree really is mother
yeah
