good morning internet you know just
getting some exercise and everything
totally being productive day three guys
day three it's not fair Ali it's way too
long of legs she was like a frickin
gazelle Lucia chaos begin was it a half
the game genie so start of thanksgiving
chaos yeah but wait until you go to the
grocery store we just went by to like
local grocery stores it was the craziest
thing I've ever seen there were so many
cars pillow or just dry air parking lot
was full and that looks crazy too and I
just have to get like three things I
have no vehicle right now because our
car is getting cleaned and that's a
whole nother story nobody messed with
the robot he's got a clean okay keeping
up with the tradition of naming things I
think we've named this guy everything
yeah you do neighborhood Sebastian
Samuel how always comes to sucks a lot
that way when we go hard vacuum don't
suck so much you know okay that just
seems like a pitted me of lazy
I guess if anything of the good thing of
the card being hit is that they said
they would clean the car sorry i'll show
you guys like this I don't think I've
seen the car that's clean without any
hair just i bought the card says oh stop
you got it clean before and when i click
on your birthday I mean still but detail
the crap out of this this car you do
take care of the car there's not a
freaking follicle Marley hair anywhere
yeah I've ever ruled Marley and Zoey
can't come in this car or something like
that to be in son of a bubble the hog
bubble only bad thing about the car
getting cleaned is waiting like the
anticipation of putting them back in
he's getting dirty again no but you
didn't tell them that we're subscribe to
Jake's oh oh yeah that that's that's one
thing that does sack the stock car is
clean but they centers gonna be done
like like Carol hours ago and we were
planning on going to orlando to go see
Mayday Parade and hang out with jake and
Danny and Travis and Jenny and Jess and
everybody over there we're pretty bummed
that we can't make it over there now but
the cars clean so I got always think of
the positive I mean I love my friends
but I also love a clean car hire you but
we're just were actually kind of bummed
out I've really balls wanted to really
go what can you do battery's gonna die
to watch this you see flickering up
there you're about to die we have an
extra battery Oh son of a bitch since we
can't go and hang out with everybody Tim
what we're going to try to make a
tradition of getting a Christmas tree
the day before thanksgiving is it day
before thanksgiving yes it is we're
gonna try to make that our tradition
we're gonna go look for a Christmas tree
right now
all right do we want to box is blinking
light or we want some color lights or we
want to some nice clean bright clear
white lights leds I wanna consider the
dances well
so what we do in home depot that's
beautiful you guys remember when we
covered don't worry don't you worry
child yeah
that was a good time I love this smell
this is a Fraser firs and that those are
love lioness or Lyle whatever I'm trying
to make a Fraser joke but nobody watches
Fraser let's get this one saw the SAP
Bishop I
look at me wait Lucy glasses constantly
your glasses like this such a small news
that was nice that's a nice one of the
old chunky ones that's a nice one all
right pull it out you got this yeah I'll
do it the girl who was just sticking the
hospital you're making her pull out of
this like really heavy tree oh I got SAP
all over me so is he happy honey
tiny gone I don't need a big one that's
nice all right Oh toggle the tree stock
ticker Denver
that's a pretty one this is might be a
better tree I thought I heard that they
just cut the cops of like pine trees or
Christmas trees so they're not knocking
down trees every year we're just doing
the top parts and they regrow make I've
got pop art you know so your wall which
is a modest tree we don't need a giant
look at me tree I know what this look I
know let's go to Charlie Brown tree
where's that one that you like I'm
getting SAP all over this camera smell
this is why we're doing this early so
we'd have this this awesome smell for as
long as possible
this one we should have look at the
freaking roof of the house that's a nice
sized one we just got to determine what
five doing there's the tree but baby
super what we should get little baby
tree Merry Christmas a little baby fall
over it's like the new improved Charlie
Brown tree it's not ugly enough you'd
have to trim it a lot more i agree
that's a good 3-footer that's cute
that's the real tip top of the tree
really is mother guy
what cartoon Amaya
is stuck anyone knows cooking this one I
love you guys remember last year where
we tried to do this we literally got it
all nice and it was ikea whose IQ no
we're at um-hum t-bird yeah Humpty
somewhere we got everything all
different home depot then I will hug you
actually walked ourselves out of the car
basically bike high in it so close I
almost literally made the same signals
but we got the tree it's very very
pretty i love how we get a tree right
after the car is cleaned we're smart the
very first Christmas tree and the new
house I'm gonna look like a lumberjack
right now I don't severe right look it's
long hair Santa long haired kid that is
long haired Santa right there yeah but
beard and by the way Santa actually has
a little bit of link to his hair that's
skinny Santa son even see me doesn't
have a beard it's Santa before no shave
november is a little too what are you
doing are you DJ scratching over there
hey stop that stop it look Christmas
tree skirt all we had a snip it a little
bit but I think Ellen all is gonna fit
yeah we good the robot just vacuumed
hurry diesel let's put some lights on
you bud there you go you're very very
festive look at you you are so festive
you're very fit Marley do you want some
Christmas lights here you go you're very
festive to Zoey doesn't want it
Christmas lights on sorry I get to
straight is what happens we joined my
blog it gets distracted
you
bloom aye Travis to take me high this is
what I look like guys with her eyes are
right head I know sexy right sir hot
red-handed investigating the tree hope
you enjoyed today's video was actually
really nice to start a new tradition
here on the CTFxC and with Ali and
myself we're getting ready for tomorrow
for Thanksgiving you can't wait because
I want to show you guys I almost snuck
it this homemade pumpkin pie Ali made
yesterday don't tell her I've almost
snuck it like four times I've resisted
because I know she worked hard on it
thanks for watching don't forget to
subscribe and we will see you guys from
Oz always have a great night doodles by
yes like a tree fig jam oh yeah your
grandma don't get them like yet you
might honey you might want to roll it
out a little bit more
what I want to do
kalyan away anyway I was knocking I'm
third way you wipe the leftover stuff
off from the spoon
