is your pilot Caitlin yeah that is
really nice well it's a be four
we're gathering all of our goodies for
the pie that we're about to make with my
grandma
counts picking out the right onions hmm
yum yum yum yum well we're not using
those to make spy we're using that to
making appetizers we got everything you
need and now we have to grab lunch for
us because it's gonna be a really long
day of making food for Kaitlyn with
myself and my grandmother our shopping
experiences completes good about it you
get good about everything you purchased
well it's gonna turn into a pie so yeah
yes that's true our grandma is coming
over to a char in my house right now
she's gonna teach us how to make her one
amazing apple pie i'm not making it but
i will probably be grabbing some of my
sister she makes it a phenomenal
phenomenal pumpkin pie too and this
appetizer I don't even know how to
explain what it is so it's like it's a
ground sausage and um cheese and onions
all mixed together it's so bad for you
but it's so good it's like on a little
like piece of bread and their appetizers
that we have pretty much I think it's
like everything's giving Christmas yeah
and like I was telling you guys
yesterday sometimes they do kind of not
seems but I guess it would be kind of a
theme for Christmas where it's like
we'll do breakfast one year and the one
year is just like orders and then the
next year could be turkey and things of
that sort but she always makes that
little yumminess still I'm excited we're
gonna make that and I'm gonna make that
for Thanksgiving at our house and I was
just feeling my sister I think that I'm
cooking way too much I don't know I just
I'm still used to having like a big
family there where we have like we
probably have what 20 people are minimum
every time in our house I'm so used to
that I think that's why I'm kind of over
compensating and making so much food but
you know what there'll be leftovers
the Thanksgiving festivities have begun
festivities must I really do think to
use as Emma days I'm tired I woke up
with a very abrupt phone call which I'm
not gonna talk about but it did not
bring a smile to my face dicks or dicks
dicks some people in the holiday season
it brings out the worst ever so i'm
going to say in a positive mindset hey
when you look pretty flying that okay my
grandma is on her way she'll be here
very very soon I'm wearing sunglasses
because I was outside and taking really
jerky photos because you know 10 foot
reason I wonder how many times I can say
that side we got all of our ingredients
it doesn't look like chaos yep I think
it's gonna be chaos very very soon so my
grandma gets here the pine making and
the hors d'oeuvre making and all that
fun thanksgiving stuff begin so I'm very
excited I have a feeling the dogs are
gonna be like sitting right next to us
the entire time so my grandma is here I
don't know if anybody's mammogram this
is my grandma and this is galen and she
is teaching us how to make what does
this call grandma is just like a sausage
cheesy yumminess yum yum yeah sausage
cheesy yumminess kalyan right now is
going to be making apple pie and then my
girlfriend amy has to make her pumpkin
pie but we're doing all of our prep for
thanksgiving and it smells amazing in
here tagua he'll see you back inside
it's not that good Charles Dickens love
right now day two gotta get ready for
tour what'd you do did nothing look how
young need a look don't judge me don't
judge me
it's cuz grandma didn't do it you know
what I'm gonna be just like grandma okay
so these are the I told you like the app
doesn't always hold on my grandma makes
your leg them yeah i'm making a weirdy
prep them and you have to try one
they're delicious that's the apple pie
or Emma network mm-hmm I'm not making
that dish oh did you they might make
last year I did ate a lot of that do you
want even know why scott this year mmm
you want me to make that dish sure don't
you wait why are you making it Oh what
are you making I thought you were making
it oh okay yeah you bet mm-hmm remember
we might be making a habit like you
diesels in the right spot he's
protecting the food that's being made
what you want to do is 83 forth that's a
stick you don't have to measure we take
about three quarters of it and put it in
there Kaitlyn works at starbucks see
yours brenda is yours yeah it's mine
trip and dad how so
we just finished signing all the posters
so we sing goes out if you guys want to
go get those those are still available i
think there's a couple of these left
actually everything's been selling out
because of the holidays but we're
packing them up right now and sending
them out the years is your pilot Kaitlyn
yeah yes that is really nice well it's a
be for you guys having competitions
right now leave probably made the leave
yes yes I was gonna say yeah who made
that ugly leaf hey guess what you're
something else I'm Charles gonna use the
rest of the pie dough to make a pie
himself grandma's telling Charles he
needs to put a little out of flour yeah
Kaitlyn ok good one so Charles is gonna
use the rest yet hey what's a cinnamon
and sugar on yeah yeah that looks so
beautiful honey do we have that billing
about the other day I have no idea what
you're getting a jam big dance that's a
good idea oh dear god grandma grandma
don't get some ideas you might honey you
might want to roll it out a little bit
more I'm trying to figure out what I
want to do with it first don't be
jealous because he came up with a good
idea and you're sitting here kalyan the
team gonna throw it away and waste it I
was knocking what I was doing a sort of
way you wiped the leftover stuff off
from the spoon on to a you were gonna
throw it away no i wasn't i said i was
playing it and I said Charles would you
eat this whole thing she is very
challenging I just trying to get you all
seen it wrong so raven welcome that's
real nice your nice little pastry with
preserves mmm yeah it is like honey you
might need to roll it out just a teeny
bit who do you top it no we don't have
chocolate chopped no we have no
chocolate we don't have chocolate I
don't know shocking we don't we never
had it why not it was look responsive
but those like cherries maybe actually
do you guys should just make by
yourselves
now we put this and see if this actually
works so I have to okay a little male
trip right now to send out all these
posters get them in the golf cart I
don't want to take a car I feel like
this is more fun I've actually got the
drive the ball flying around I haven't
got to drive around in a while so why
not there's also perfect opportunity
still that kind of venture around I'm so
pretty new to the area Ali's watching my
pie don't worry it's going to be
delicious i know it is it's just
probably disgusting so here's the ending
result of the delicious pumpkin pies and
i get to trial of it of the crust that's
Charles pie that's Charles by right
there can't say the turf spies like good
but that's okay I think it was an
attempt we succeeded and I didn't die
okay hey we didn't I had a little hiccup
I had a big giant bomb and the box that
was setting back the cable and it went
flying somewhere crazy
hit the gas pedal so that was fun but I
survived now gotta go home eat my
delicious pie so we have finished our
pies and I'm telling you they look so
good I'm so excited about Thanksgiving
we've been baking for like six hours six
hours today sig sauer say this is
Caitlyn's apple pie I know you guys
can't probably baking it so there's a
beef or brick we did like a little lead
part but this is my grandma's like world
famous apple pie it's absolutely
delicious so this is our first
Thanksgiving will mine here and you've
done your scent Tom's house before Tom's
parents but yo thanksgiving skin pretty
awesome I'm gonna make Charles be
probably two-thirds of that way so my
pie looks totally better than yours said
my pie looks totally better than yours
really not bad let me help you get it
out mm-hmm your pies do look awesome
though thank you very thank you this
one's mine that one's king oh you make
both of them Wow kalyan made her own I
mean so Kayla made an apple pie and
pumpkin pie she did because ah you got
the best end of the stick on that one I
was going to but there's four of us
coming to that I mean that looks freakin
good as mine or their hair on it is that
extra there Zoe hair right there they
come extra that must've I don't uh here
let me help you with something you're
gonna eat you trace him the papers is
extra protein babe try this with you the
idea that the idea the theory was there
it just oops the structure wasn't yeah
the structure wasn't there
mmm-hmm
it's actually really good nope not for
you okay there you go that'll teach you
Molly don't forget to click a little
like button if you enjoyed today's video
actually in the comments before we go I
want you guys to tell me your favorite
dessert for thanksgiving I would have to
say pumpkin pie close ty would be any
other sort of pie just pie in general or
cranberry fresh cranberry not that kind
of comes out of that the jar the molded
gel you know I'm talking about the one
we just plop it out of the little can
and just it's like it's like basically
it looks like you can hope you guys
enjoyed today's video and we will see
you guys tomorrow is always have a great
night doodles see you guys it's taller
than you
it's taller than you
now I like watching you struggle all
right for the house you want to go
traditional bulbs and traditional go
ahead and I haven't done those in a long
time which ones no I don't like those
