it feels so good it's so nice it's so
nice and I kind of dis lost just a
little bit longer I have a feeling it
won't but hopefully it will so I got my
little workout partner over there I got
my awesome workout gear oh my god I I
don't know what to say oh god it's over
we are trying to get back into our
exercising regimen as you can see we
have this one back he's such an idiot so
we were running and we found this house
this giant house right here and it looks
like it's abandoned and I got to show
you what Ali found so creepy do you see
it the baby shoe just chillin in there
in the basement oh that's so creepy take
your prior to make it like really nice
these discrete me out that's for sure
yeah we will not be going in there is it
kind of sad that I don't wanna go too
close I feel like something's gonna grab
me like I legit feel freaked out just a
big house too what happens you think
about knock on the door for all the
bodies I just feel like as we were
walking away something like Norman Bates
is like looking out the window at us
right now got this creepy little guest
house so we just did about two to a half
miles I feel like we're gonna get in an
awesome exercise routine routine Cheers
maybe I miss movie okay that's that's
dramatic steps it's all over
your shirt is it really can't wait until
December I can shave this thing nothing
watch this okay that was a dramatic one
but like watch this is me literally
trying to just drink it drink it strips
looks like snot I can't wait to shave
and you what is so funny as yours just
go straight I know but my whiskers are
just like that it's ridiculous I don't
have a beard I just got a phone call for
my insurance company I think the person
who hit us is trying to scheme his way
out of here or out of it i should say so
we're going right now to go get an
estimate for the damage on the car and
we're gonna play a little game guys
called guess how much it cost so the
damage doesn't look terrible but it
really kind of is because it's all
gassed up the hoods all gassed up so in
the comments right now I want you guys
to guess on how much this is going to
cost the fix the other day when we were
at the car show I don't think anyone
would have guessed five million dollars
for a car at this whole situation to
become a giant cluster f basically going
back and forth the collision to repair
the collision to repair
into the waste our entire day doing this
I know accidents happen but if you were
to guess how much would all that damage
be $1,500 $1,500 ok try fifty three
hundred dollars you're kidding all that
is going to cost fifty three hundred
dollars the lights alone or fourteen
hundred dollars what do you do the light
the light oak they're all broken they're
broken yeah they'll gash back so if you
guys guessed fifty fifty three hundred
dollars I'm long way off I don't know
why because you would just look at it it
looks like a lot like 50 hundred dollars
thank god this is over with now as we'll
deal with that guy's insurance now but
enough why lie and say can't speak
English I can't speak English Uther he's
spoken I had I had a conversation he has
Elda wallet we talked about Zelda he was
actually really really nice to us he was
super nice and I was glad that he wasn't
hurt I'm glad that we weren't hurt but
it was just kind of frustrating me like
for us soon as the cops showed it's not
like we were trying to get him to go to
jail it's just we were doing what was
necessary to make sure that things were
handled properly and then tried
to screw us excuse my language I will
climb that pole get back I'm gonna get
that camera I'm gonna get those freaking
highway hurt my feelings that people do
that I would never do that I know you're
a good person that's why I gotta call my
insurance company in town we work go
after his insurance company fun so we're
gonna try to have Thanksgiving at our
new house for the first time and we're
just realizing we don't have enough
plates and chairs and all that's the
first I think we have like 12 people
coming so Ali went into sam's club right
now i just realized as she went in there
that was on the phone trying to get this
thing scheduled to get repaired they I
don't have a membership card so i don't
know i'm going to actually get in i'm
not a cool person like Ali so I'm gonna
get rejected at the door like the person
at any club
with her I just pulled one of those up
with her things who got in i think i'm
totally gonna get this today spent so
long since Marley's chaser remote
control car I feel like that's gonna be
so fun hey you want to be fancy
this is fancy here just get this pie and
then we'll cook it and make it look like
we did it chicken paw paw oh it's a
chicken pot pie nevermind that's if you
think the worst thing in the world that
we like mayonnaise and ice cream
expecting a pie and you get a chicken
pot pie i told alli what we should get
and she's like no I want to be fancy mmm
naw real fancy your faces
I just want my real control car and
ticket and try to play with Marley a
diva's Chewbacca yeah they did they
actually stole right out of the thing
that's my heart so which one you want to
get out this one or do you think this
one will be good this is one might be
but actually this one why is this one
better oops
loves me it's caller than you
it's taller than you
now like watching you struggle all right
for the house you want to go traditional
bulbs ya sure dis go haven't haven't
done those in a long time which ones no
I don't like this whoa yeah you better
not you guys see the moon are you
kidding me I don't know why it's out
that much so it actually is a beautiful
i love it it's a day moon it's a day sun
is it no i'm trying to think of the
office is what we call a night night and
it a night son it's a day moon what's
going on a little girl we're not going
anywhere we got home she's always like
you can't leave if i'm in the car that i
got got your little remote control
remember my little pudgy now you might
not be able to run after anymore barley
it's alive Marley come on it's not as
fast as the other one oh that's okay so
fun whoo
come on
stop
no third there
good oh yeah it's at the top now right
there sitting on the top there whoo
won't tell him what you did like almost
caused the fire I was trying to forcibly
put these in the little hook and there
was a spark and little baby flames came
out and it was very terrifying we have
28 new ones so we've decided that
Charles should not touch the lights that
it should be the job of me should be my
job to hang the lights because it's not
really the thing no not very good at it
she feel better now that we have working
length I feel looking better black more
like so we'll see if this works better
when it's actually working I agree oh
yeah oh yeah so the lesson we have
learned today is don't let Charles do
anything that involved electricity yeah
doesn't involves electricity though and
then we're tripping up here yeah not let
see that little one Yeah Yeah right
there my duet ignore the Marley what
mm-hmm our internet I just want to say
thank you so much for watching today's
video don't forget to subscribe and if
you guys want to get the ugly sweaters
ugly Christmas sweaters or tacky
christmas sweaters i just checked the
website there are only a few left so
make sure you go CTFxC merge calm go
check it out and get it before they gone
have a great night guys and thank you
for watching dude bye guys
you
yes
y
