good morning internet so we are going to
a car show Phil got some tickets so
we're gonna go check out the concept
cars you guys he's like 2016 right it's
just have a auto show never going to so
we're gonna steal some cars I mean get
you glad your mom going great it's got
to be like on in 60 seconds okay you can
read eaglets cage or am I Nicolas Cage
is it Ludacris in it too yeah I can't
more like Buddha yeah I think he's in
festive serious I thought he's in I
think I'm Vin Diesel your that's best
furious they're all messed up anyway hey
we thought Melissa was sending the
middle finger to everybody but there's a
pointer finger so there is a pointer fee
there's a pointer finger see I haven't
used the middle finger because it's
still yellers of pooping lucky there's a
public month now he's just squatting did
you know you guys want to know it's for
a dictionary know they always add a new
word to the dictionary big season next
year no no like they had a self in your
thing last year but they literally added
emoji where's the faces go to all the
faces they added The Crying emoji yeah
that's actually in the dictionary they
added for this year hello by Q all right
internet in the comments below I know
it's not so stupid what is your new
favorite emoji at the taco the middle
finger the burrito what are the new ones
I know it kind of like the hands yeah
the hands of shrugs there's literally
like 25 train emoji sound that you're
not notice how many train bodis look at
it is curious you go to transportation
look at all those stupid trains
here's a fun little fact internet in the
original Star Wars trilogy how many
people did Luke Skywalker kill was the
star wars is a thing with Darth Vader I
have a feeling it's gonna be a big
number plus has never seen Star Wars I'm
gonna go wish I am here father than
500,000 360 9470 you should have said
one person like the dollar should've
been like dollar Bob 369 thousand people
look at Skywalker killed I'm Kevin Jill
and I trying to figure out if that was
all in the Death Star it has to be yeah
it was probably there was a whole colony
there he's probably all dizzy walks at
least 200,000 Ewoks it's not as much as
Rambo how many Rambo kill I don't know
he didn't kill it that far that's true
let's talk about Jason Statham I'm
pretty positive he's killed way more
people and then half an almost a half a
mil uh oh man think about all the people
that he kills in one movie I feel like
he's funny he's like knocked out or like
Jackie Chan Jackie Chan is like maybe
not cows breeding and maybe
Jackie anak said a lot of people is
sweet I think you ever spoiler guys Luke
Skywalker does blow up at that star I'm
sorry if you guys haven't seen in the
past 30 years I never seen it oh I never
seen it either though I knew we were
soul sister our sources it so we know
we're watching later today make that
dude this got the car of the year and
that one did you think they'd let the
keys in any one of these custom mayhem
behold third row there we go sighs uber
car right there Tyson would literally
sit right there perfectly on that one
would we say seven you say 70 I say 65
most it gets up right what was it
estimated yeah i'm looking for the most
futuristic one if there's a DeLorean in
here just as a joke just as a joke I
would be so happy view it by innovation
I've heard of that kind of energy oh wow
it's all dreams it
dreams and dreams and aspirations a good
a good night's sleep guys on this one
otherwise it's not going anywhere
everyone's blocked off we're a bunch of
dirty people we can't go anywhere near
these cars don't even look at six
hundred thousand dollars okay that makes
sense now that's five million dollars
you kidding me five million dollars
breaking apart just let that sit in guys
I'll get closer well I'll let that sit
in did you see that that's five million
dollars surprised how they want to show
the keys
so we got a surprise guys got a new car
got the keys to prove it just hide the
BMW it's totally not it's totally a
Ferrari liffe Aria that's insane there
are so many cars here this has got to
work nope keep trying so many cars here
it's got to work somewhere so apparently
these things are classified as
motorcycles they have three wheels
apparently they started like 25,000 I
mean it's a lot of money but I mean
considering what it is you guys want to
see the 2016 Ford's
those are coming out next year that
would actually really cool if they went
completely back on the roots and did
that they don't have a trunk they
literally have a trunk trunk you would
think that's your favorite one sure you
don't that one that one's pretty sick I
know it is to me like Lamborghinis
always look evil like this is what
assassins drive those rise close ranks
with a win a step close your eyes close
your eyes who's a step
we'll get you that surprise fill your
keys are in your back pocket
this gold one you wanna create enough
hose it on is really nice I like it oh
yes whoa hey
sometimes when you're hanging out with
your boyfriend and your boyfriend's
sister
you just gotta suck it up
sit in the Lincoln
when he asked you to sit in Lincoln you
just sit in the Lincoln
you don't make up excuses you don't be a
pain in the end
you sit in Lincoln and you pretend like
you are Matthew McConaughey even though
you're not you're definitely not a man
you are completely one hundred percent
of female you are anything with boobs
you're a female what's kind of crazy I
think that man back there just Park ice
melting ice melted
here I'm gonna sit in here like i'm
driving right guys i believe this it's
perfect for vlogging what was the last
time i was behind the wheel and i've
logged it it'll eventually come this is
perfect over blog knows this car screams
you it's actually like what kind of what
about a monthly pay me you looking at
you what could I do to put you in a car
hey fact let's try to back into our
monthly payments nope no credit checks
how's your credit pretty good doesn't
matter no cash down Sally's dream car
right now when I got a blow in her good
Blowfish pretend like this win hey I
didn't see you there
can't take you guys anywhere good that
was a good one last flow is good oh but
that sounds faster I'm really bad we're
gonna try to find a car that has the
best back seat and fill found one since
you know I don't drive and Ali's over
striving I'm just are sitting in the
back seat you love taxi it's one over
there like the back seats nicer the
front seat almost perfect ally in the
front seat and we get the back feet I'm
gonna sit you're gonna drive me around
this car from now on sorry driver it's
it's like to you gotta press the seat
down I would like to go to CVS please
send me to the fanciest plays like a big
of CVS it is yeah oh there goes users
already the altamonte already lean it's
already riding dirty wow you check this
out soon there's there's no partition oh
so I can't ignore you yeah but I see oh
we could build one yeah just put up
I
sure we really act like adults here sir
we can't take you anywhere sir all right
that's alright that's alright this is
the funny part about the day this is one
side and a me look at that side no I
can't because of the wind gets caught up
and the current oh yeah look at you
little pretty with a light on your face
that's me
my sister's really dang sir if you
didn't know that look what we found
sitting in the cell spot laughing oh we
did come here to me in the restaurant
reason this reminds me of when we took
Danny's cast off with a saw and a boiler
room years ago when we took games cast
off and that boiler room where because
film it was slow Joe good so I tibia
birria how's that time I know you can
sorry man oh she's gotta persevere it
was just like piay we see whatever we
could find to do it
tansy suck it up drink that beer
Sophie's on tour right now with metro
stations that's why we met up with them
and we got snake back there got Megan we
got cat-like their Ally and we're gonna
go hang out for a little bit just you
know it's been like a concert weekend
right now I know it's an awesome you
better be working
our internet don't forget to subscribe
you guys are brand new we hope you
enjoyed today's video we will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night dude I am naturals not cool thing
is everybody is
a little scary any actors very cute okay
he's been ok too but this is like the
worst intersection ever it's the worst
intersection ever
