good morning
least you're wearing the new sweater I
don't think it's mildly proof with hair
Wayne everyone's getting cleaned
everyone even Aly Aly get out here just
bring the hose it looks like she's in
Hell right now you know Marley most
humans well you're not a human you are a
dog but this is something that we love
it's like being clean and getting
showers you look like you're on your
deathbed right now like good only good
why me little are mark let's soap all
over the place come here all over the
place no no I can't save you right now
Marley we have to get rid stuff I can't
save you guys one of my favorite things
when I was little my sister will always
get bummed when like there wasn't enough
cereal me as a kid I would use this as
an opportunity to use and mix different
variations of cereal so for example you
know rice krispie treats and Cheerios
they don't they don't play nicely but in
my world they do actually the honey nut
cheerios I know father I'm telling you
guys try it one day today we are going
to go see Ali set of bands rx bandits
and Circa Survive and his circus
survives 10-year reunion tour I guess
it's not a reunion 10 year of existence
for Ali is like super excited so we're
gonna go see that and I think snacks is
gonna come over and snacks is gonna meet
you for the first time so don't do
anything stupid
a cute lay down army crawl I gotta check
out the charts guys I didn't check it
out today and see where rad
still up there guys beating 21 pilots
just behind Coldplay well we were trying
to go to the store and this guy over
here just clip the car and we ran into
the car kind of goofed it up pretty bad
yeh yeh not cool not cool thing is
everybody is okay nobody's heard you no
he didn't
a little scary any accidents will
experience keeps doing okay he's doing
okay too but this is like the worst
intersection ever it's the worst
intersection ever the right now it's a
giant waiting game for the cops accents
are never fun guys never never fun right
now we're waiting for the police to get
here the guy is really sorry needed me
to he didn't know where he was going but
I still feel pretty crappy about a
happening to his cars no one's on CL
just be careful out there guys
if so I guess you know it's kind of like
an elephant
Zach can't do it either
how do you do it got to make the best of
things guys gotta make the best of
things little thing so rule number one
guys when driving yeah you generally
don't want to hit other people's cars
yeah that was pretty interesting I was
like perfect English sneaky he said
something to her about like I'm I can't
determine who was guilty of the accident
I said I think he's trying to get out of
it well there's traffic lights yes ma'am
two rules guys when driving if you're in
the far turning lane don't try to do a
u-turn yeah and you generally want to
not hit other cars see there's our nice
local traffic cams that'll try to help
us out if he started saying it's our
fault wait Who am I
that's what he did it's literally what
he did I know we're making a lot of
jokes good but you know what the Swede
to get picked crabby situations and find
some humor in it
they're like how hug me just hug me hug
me no one
seriously feel me it's a look way cooler
I knew way cooler oh my gosh give me the
small I don't think it's gonna make that
much of a difference by the way it looks
on my body you need a small we can go
line dancing we'll go with most of line
dancing
that could be your outfit you fit in
perfectly yeah oh my god this would be
the dressiest thing I've ever seen you
in oh my god look you could be like the
first lady
so Charles wanted to take me on this
trend so here you look I actually kind
of like it actually
yes oh my god you're gonna do everything
is actually honestly kind of guilt I
actually kind of want this all right
Charles see you guys you want say it
again the camera
you actually did good it was actually
pretty I think I look very elegant
thank you denying it to see it on the
footage you look very elegant we are
going to go see Ally's favorite bands
and we brought snacks and Savannah's
here oh my god sir we survived excited
so excited yeah this is arcs Bennett's
45th farewell tour they always have a
farewell tour Savannah I think you saw
one like 6 years ago right Ben worked
the one 8 years ago
a lot bigger
if they act like oh it's my mom's house
already
and I don't like
in your own house yeah if I'm not sick
with the same house that I was like
is actually seven feet tall at all to
camera we make them look smaller it is
yeah
and Savannah's actually the tallest one
perspective what's taller she isn't good
so right next to each other right now if
you guys think kal
now we've got the pterodactyl arm you
know that means you could punch her in
the face from omnimon I believe you
yeah pretty you're just still wrong with
that
after show look at our nice little setup
for Ally let me see what happened let me
see got pizza we're just waiting for a
taxi to go back home
we need soda yeah I thought you gonna
give Ben a treat then you get a carrot
too
we give our guests carrots Marley's
actually listening to Ben right now
well Internet we had an interesting day
got a little fender bender a car
accident we're okay we're having a
little slumber party right now that's us
hanging out sleepover we gave Stax a
sweater already yeah he's the first one
to actually have an ugly sweater mm-hmm
he's the first one hope you enjoyed
today's video don't forget to subscribe
like share your apples and we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night
doodles bye
actually do really bad at guitar hero
I find it better at that that I didn't
are we trying to burn no I don't feel
like you're forcing a very light little
slobber yeah but you're like you're
trying so hard to firstly burp out that
doesn't want to come out
