good morning internet I just woke up and
I have to show you this this is the best
thing to wake up to so I woke up and
wanted to go check out the charts and
we're already at number to an
alternative so it looks like I have to
get this little tattoo and then if we go
to all categories see we're at all
categories I think we are at number
sewer rat where are we we are number 26
already so we have to get past 13 to get
number one alternative so what does that
mean already the tattoo challenge is I'm
pretty completed you guys have already
done it oh that was quick
it was literally amount of hours and you
guys did it you guys pass the tattoo
challenge but that doesn't mean we
shouldn't go after Adele because it
would just be an amazing thing to say
we'd be Beyonce and Adele I'm proud of
you guys and I'm literally so proud of
you guys people saying that somewhere
somehow thing was a fluke hmm look at
that anyway I'm gonna go get a haircut
because I look like a hobo right now
before and we're done Ron Marley run run
Zoe run it's gonna suck you up run
diesel-run I don't know what it is about
vacuuming but it's always has a
satisfying feeling like you get all the
scoop of dirt and hang up it's so
satisfying that's weird I know so here's
an idea we don't have much perfect don't
like the head flies everywhere notice
that there's been a bunch of these tiny
little flies kind of like when we had
all the roses everywhere so we got that
Venus flytrap the other day and I just
want to show you what happened I don't
know why or how this happens with these
things if you guys are being his flytrap
experts please let me know that this one
I'm assuming is dead cuz it's black and
so is that one we named him see more but
he doesn't seem to be thriving anymore
anyway so I moved him out here hopefully
catch some more of these things I wish I
thought of this like when we're having
all that issue but we used a stupid
vinegar trap a lot cooler having venus
fly traps everywhere i've been trying to
clean up the house Ali's been feeling
like really cruddy again every time she
tries to do something like last couple
days we've been trying to do things like
go out and do some exciting things her
body's still kind of weak so it's still
still healing essentially making it you
apples keep Bill Gates away my Twitter I
know it's my favorite corny joke in the
world I'm gonna try to be a good
boyfriend clean up everything because
she's been pretty much taking control of
everything lately cleaning up everything
so I feel like I need to kind of pull my
part right now which means I got to go
buy a remote control vacuum they have
those we have one it's super old but I
we have a new one you didn't hear that
right perfect what is the
yes I will play this today I'm kind of
learning my lesson that I hope you just
need slow it down a little bit and that
not push myself so much because
definitely not feeling too hot today I
just feel exceptionally week I'll be
honest I'm pretty bummed out about it
because i'm kind of like ready for this
whole thing to be over you know positive
is sweet King CD is out and I've been
listening to it non-stop and it's pretty
darn awesome pretty darn awesome
hopefully y'all feel better tomorrow
hopefully i'll feel better in it like an
hour maybe if i just like rest up i'll
feel better in an hour
I piss off everybody like a nightmare I
feel like that was completely not fair i
didn't read the directions I don't give
these buttons I give up I want to play
Rosa back she looks like she likes it
though father likes it too my stock feel
good there's though
incredible it was clogging our vacuum
remember that a couple weeks ago I said
we had a special little thing we're
coming out with just got it now
unfortunately it won't be available for
at least another week or so until they
get all of them made for they sent a
couple of them to us is to see what they
would look like and these are just like
the demo prototypes and we made the ugly
Christmas sweaters who yo ready ready
for this BAM there you can hold them up
so these are gonna be our ugly Christmas
sweaters that will be coming out like
about I think a week or so no I don't
think so it got little pizzas we got our
hearts we got Marley and Zoey diesel as
Reindeer and Santa your reindeer buddy
and the hello I Zoe gets to be Santa I
guess she's just because she's in charge
well yeah these are gonna be coming out
at LSU guys know as soon as they do but
they're only gonna be like limited I
think we only made the three or four
hundred of them so they're super limited
edition once these guys are gone they're
gone for the year but these are just the
prototypes they sent over I guess it's
the prototypes are samples make sure it
gets I guess they're better to call it
samples not prototypes those are coming
out soon it's what I get you guys all
pumped out for those you're making the
vacuum drilling work work I'm actually
kind of impressed like the carpet looks
nice with the streaks in it diesel what
he did have you guys ever had one of
those days where you just wanted a
freaking clean everything like you're
circling one thing and then all of a
sudden you end up on another thing and
then you realize how awesome it looks
like the net one thing is clean I know
I'm Danny tanner alright Michelle that
marley for Jack
like I'm kidding you're Kimmy going name
marlis marlis michelle responsibility
that's irresponsible what's yours what's
good unit irresponsible I'm not gonna
flush the toilet after i pee clean baby
key disinfect everything this makes me
happy I don't know I don't know why how
shiny that is Marley no pizza no pizza
for you since Ali's been kind of feeling
kind of low today we figured might as
well try to go out and do something
Jordi your ring pop now they had a ring
pop he's strong now here arm wrestle no
but that's actually pretty strong so
really oh baby go see hopefully
Savannah's working and yeah so we're
just gonna kind of enjoy the evening I
want ice cream closes one and just
looking myself in there when you're like
out rough and grizzly this
this is insane I don't think it's ever
been to dick before this problem was
gnarly negotiation ever ever done hey
well so head man over there and there's
this awesome fan slang kind of dead
sublime did you not know that sublime
planet even though a little net on the
meat
oh you thought it was friday night ever
take scared the shit out of a car right
there I want to see your best air guitar
solo right now you're on the spot so
actually do really bad at guitar there
if I get better at that than i did a
guitar hey trying to burp no I don't
want me like you're forcing a very like
such a slob right yeah you're like
you're trying so hard to force this burp
out that doesn't want to come out hi
fana i was looking at Ali's phone and
there are two types of people in this
world people who update their phone apps
people that are way to control my
electronic devices it's both update
automatically so there's people that
don't update their apps and people that
do update the apps don't care all right
on internet be honest in the comments
are you the type of person that when you
see an update you have to do it right
away or were you just like me I'll do it
some other time you accumulate like 50
little red little things I had at 43 one
time see that's embarrassing why would
you bet cuz I thought it was like I felt
kind of special um can we have two hot
fudge sundaes please 22 pumpkin spice
latte do you want anything else pumpkin
spice okay I know thank you i would like
a fucking spice any window thank you you
are so yeah I'm trying to do something
nice for you when you put mayo in my ice
cream i can i can i have a mayo sunny
you give me McDonald ice girl I don't
know which is better an Asian great
memories for Larry McDonald ice cream
don't be a jerk unfunctional neighs that
we've had magical moments with treat
yourself day is all about Hoffa that's
right the first treat yourself day no
its annual treat yourself day yeah I'm
such a bad boyfriend yeah you're
terrible boyfriend I forgot about that
every August we've already discussed our
will look like than you are it's August
thirteenth right or august eight our
internet we are currently just laying
outside because it's starting to get
nice and we are looking at the night-sun
right now yeah you guys see it like the
old lady over here their story called
the moon here and beautiful name it's a
beautiful night son I just want to say
thank you guys so much for getting we
the kings charting so high it means a
lot to us and because you guys did it I
will have to keep my word I will be
getting the tattoo of the
worked somewhere on my body I'm not sure
quite yet not not yet wait what wait Shh
I should have done it like beating Adele
or something like that but you know it's
this album means a lot to me just like
the somewhere somehow album this one
right here like oh we did laughs laughs
you guys always see that eos bulge on
hey yeah oh yeah the one I pulled down
my shirt every time I take my shirt off
would you pull down your shirt
everything take a shirt off and tell
them you're the idiot don't you give us
a higher we won't forget to remind you
about the ugly Christmas sweaters wow
that only took us five times look at the
shadows on her face like crazy house
like it left us you have myself I look
like I have a mustache do I have a turn
in this I don't even look like Everton
oh that's a good thing about having a
beard you can't tell anyway don't forget
to subscribe guys and go get the album
if you haven't I like guys I always like
it when you hit that little thumbs up if
you liked it thumbs up some thumbs it up
cuz you like it you don't like it don't
worry about it thumbs up yeah anyway
have a great night guys we'll see you
tomorrow doodles yes I
I can't hold
and he still didn't even knock them all
down any better he still didn't even
knock them all down
that's all i got is out of like Roscoe
I'm taking a lead right now even though
that I did she buy going down the
freakin stupid alley
