good morning guys it's a windy we are
just so burned out yesterday we had such
a busy day a lot of behind the scenes
stuff we did that question-answer which
I thought was pretty fun because we did
in the matching pajamas I'll help you
out
madam now maybe
and then walking up my bidet yeah that's
how she's walking we're still doing our
quest finished Christmas shopping
oh here we go
we get one of these yeah but look at the
wheels those are some fancy wheels Rudy
have stockings don't Lee we should get a
bunch of as-seen-on-tv stuff and test
them out do they have a whole section
about that I'm so into so offended bed
what do you want for christmas we're not
doing Christmas that's right what we're
doing we're basically I don't know if we
said this all we said in a live show
whatever I was gonna get Ally I'm just
gonna donate that amount of money and
then vice versa so that way cuz we don't
really need anything
honestly we got everything during the
wedding actually everything that we need
like cooking utensils yeah basically
spices because I use so much I broke it
oh yeah we got that we got the red one I
got that one it was like only 20 bucks
all right look this a hot dog warmer no
that's amazing
no it's a hot dog pop-up toaster there
why you had a night you don't think it's
because you're laying next year hot
husband thank you I know
you did sleeping and wiggle over here
sleeping a wiggle over this way that's
all you got to do yeah that's so weird
kind of going won't let this you know it
would be a good nightlight a name for a
night light illuminate a somebody's
gonna steal that I know
pretty good right we haven't gotten our
traditional ornament oh well I did get
one of these that's right well you
already got one that's true but I mean
we can get another one I don't know
what's gonna get there's a raft they're
so random should we take this and then
break it so I can't shave my beard
oh yeah and I want to make a bunch of
cookies to give them to our neighbors
and family but see we got to do with
like really cool ones these are kind of
cool nice little small ones you make a
nice little small cook a little
appetizing cookies they're all their
appetizers I've never seen this
I don't know I never in my life had a
fruitcake have you had one we're gonna
try one just to see okay shoot so I
kinda wanted to get into be like the
festive holiday spirit just a little
little bit and also I kinda wanted the
excuse to make cookies but I decided
that what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna make
a bunch of like holiday cookies and own
like chocolate chip cookies think so
that starts for some of our neighbors
for our family which they're gonna find
out if they watch this blog I didn't get
to do it last year
I just took the dogs for a walk and
Zoe's a million dollar man leg brace
thing or whatever
fell off somewhere it's quick had to go
in the dark cuz it's like super late and
try to find this thing where he goes
though she's still got a brace on the
front part so I'm actually just
finishing up on the rest of the dough
these are the last week cookies I have
to do now the first bad stick turned out
like a little fluffier than I
anticipated but they still look yummy
second badges in their bacon away I'm
gonna finish these up and shut this
Doakes I don't want to be wasteful well
it Charles decorate this little gonna
turn out I actually mess one up you know
mess one up and then they actually dudes
really good so I I don't feel that bad
plus they filled the recipe so if I
messed up following a recipe then I
believe the recipe truthfully I kind of
feel like this is a lost cause which
sucks cuz that thing was actually really
helping her but I guess there's a
faultiness in the whole fact that sorry
I thought those car that it falls off
really easily that cat I reckon it's
gotta remember Zoe that was a cat what's
up cutie one of my favorite things in
the whole world actually made cookie
dough really dude I know but it's dark
chocolate chars a little bit ticked off
I don't know if you guys picked up on
that fortunately Zoe it's like her leg
brace I guess that's what you could call
it fell off in the middle of their walk
and so he's a little bit bummed out it
was really helping Zoe and it's
connected by velcro and so it fell off
here's on the hunt right now trying to
find it I'm sorry I'm so tired today so
if I'm not making sense you guys are
more than welcome to make fun of me down
in the comment section but not of each
other don't like going to each other
because I had to make fun of me I
thought that when he gets back thinking
he really wants into this I'm gonna go
ahead and let him decorate all the
cookies and you want to see something so
funny I'm not a baker
I'm realizing I am NOT a baker I don't
have a talent with it I can cook but you
know what it's like first batch of
cookies second batch of cookies
somewhere in the middle batch of cookies
nothing is cohesive whatever socks have
been going up and down the road
how convenient literally right
underneath
literally rate underneath that so he can
be whole again okay I'm happy now it
wasn't so much you know like the money
that it cost to get it it wasn't cheap
but it was more like I felt really bad
because it really really helps Zoey and
that's all I really care at the end said
as long as it helps her and lets her
walk with ease and comfort I don't care
you know I mean I just that's why I was
really kind of bummed that it couldn't
find it but I found it what is it what
is the thing we always say boomerang
effect you just you don't want to find
it I'll just swing back around the world
throw at that can't you I found your leg
literally underneath the lamppost it was
like the most like cliche thing it could
possibly be directly under there so you
look your leg back up so you made him
Austin I give you boy so look who's
under the Christmas tree
I believe I've told you a million times
not to be there are you supposed to be
under there don't wipe that tail it's
not you it's a little cute not the cat
under the treats teaser every single
time
oh by the way want to see something
pretty fun how you doing now alright
ready here we go
this happened on the live show have no
idea I just I just it just happened I
blinked and it was there and I'm just
gonna leave it for the rest of the video
I back time to do it but now I feel like
it in earlier today we purchased
fruitcake it was so funny when we went
to I don't know Marley
don't worry I'm not making a fruitcake
okay well then I'll come hang out now
when we have bought it the checkout lady
was like oh you still eat this never
tried it you're saying something about
how like everyone gets these as
Christmas presents
they're like candy corn it's like thing
weighs it says 14 ounces which is a
total life it feels like a way it's like
a newborn baby
that's how feels like baby you look at
it and that looks like gummy bears to me
oh yeah you would think would be like oh
I love Tigers No yeah going bears
in a cake does not sound good to me what
is this look at it I guess here this all
day
she does this she'll come here she'll
taunt you like oh hey how's it going and
then she'll do that and she'll run away
from him come here Rica come here jerk
and then it's my favorite part
ally if you ever do this yet with her
eventually and then she'll look at you
okay okay it looks like a mix of like a
muffin well it looks like banana bread
but then these pieces are so gooey they
kind of look like they do look like
gummy bears look at that Oh
day then she comes down to taught you
and then kept her here we do a fight you
want to fight you want to fight huh huh
I'm fighting with Rica we're having a
quarrel yeah he's never mad it's so
funny since it's always playful oh you
really threw the room want to eat this
thing
nope you're trying first
rock-paper-scissors rock-paper-scissors
shoot Rock Paper Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot Rock Paper
Scissors shoot
mm so I should go for her so I go for
the red gotta go for the whole cake
that's a cherry anything I'm being
that's a cherry by the way not a red
thing that's a cherry it doesn't look
like one huh okay gosh that's a lot okay
there's nine servings in this by the way
and one serving is 200 calories there's
nine servings that's a lot more than one
yeah I'm not eating that oh I'm having a
small bite I'm just gonna be honest
there's not bad but I don't enjoy it
that might just say so process I know
we're being a bunch of wimps but I don't
know just try try fruitcake and then
come back this video let us know what
you guys think that's a representation
of it okay no like wait right here
no no no no you're destroying the cake
that's cuz we're wimps it smells weird
it smells kind of like just like process
that's the only thing I don't really
like about it like maraschino cherries
it just is it really you really see it's
not bad it's just it's like an
aftertaste it's just like it's you it's
just like you're like you eat it like
okay I can do this and then all of a
sudden it get you with an aftertaste
like that you're right the texture is
awesome I don't like the texture at all
try this one no I'm serious it's so
gross
alright since I know we're probably
being a bunch of wimps on this I know a
lot of people that like this I can see
this being partly if it's just the bread
but the gooey stuff is what I don't
that's getting me you need to try it
don't like it's more the texture okay
it's like yeah the texture thing like I
think if these were soft maybe or
something was it they have like it's I
was like literally like I like these for
our first time trying fruit cake it's so
I'm not gonna I don't like it I was
really genuinely hoping because I've
never had it but I would like it Terry
time zones they can be seriously you
have set what are you barking at my
let's sit what's wrong
all right guys hope you enjoyed today's
video we're gonna say goodnight
goodnight we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to subscribe and have a
good night but okay I couldn't I
couldn't not look I had to when I want
to turn again
and please carry
