this morning we noticed Marley was
bleeding on her face and I think it's
because there's something under the
freaking bed because she keeps bolting
under there so we're just basically have
to tear apart this bed and figure out
what she's doing go check your face out
he's on this side right here it's not
bad you can kind of see it but she keeps
running into something like an idiot
yeah big dummy
this is why I said not to go under the
bed every time always wanting to own the
place so she can look out the door okay
now you gained a pound that's one way to
start a day the big old dummy
demanda box just to make sure it's like
no bacteria in her face by the way we're
like the new albums out you can download
five copies right yeah guys the new
album is now out as of today so make
sure you go check it out we beat Beyonce
for like a day I think we could take on
Adele okay their song says oh oh she's
so funny over here lights are gonna be
the death of me
I woke up this morning and they were
dangling I can't figure out why cuz I
mean felt like they moved not like the
house came closer to the frickin tree
that one's fine uh getting my blood
taken on the day the album comes out fun
oh by the way I'll remind you guys at
the end if the album gets into the top
three like it's somewhere somehow when I
got this tattooed I will get the album
art right there the heart on my body if
we get in the top three so it's up to
you guys share it's all your friends we
beat the odds say last time we can do it
again well she's not here but we get to
go out for Adele
we get we got it down we got her you
guys posted this from yesterday's video
or the other I guess it would be couple
days video when we were playing with a
leaf blower the resemblance is uncanny
isn't it Ali's face as we cracking up
the most so here's the downfall to
Florida right now is that we had plans
to do something really fun out back but
we can't because I don't know if you
guys can see this if you see what's
going on out there yep
that's rain Marley you you're the rebel
in the family you're like I'm gonna get
dirty you know I'm gonna get hurt and
I'm gonna be like Tyson and I'm gonna
have scars all over me you wanted to say
hello he's like no I'm just gonna
breathe right into the camera what I do
is right Rick okay stay right there
don't okay stay don't move don't move
stay good job so I bought two Gatorades
and this is my receipt balance the
alcohol it is it is almost six feet in
length
madding it's almost it's okay it's your
your thigh okay so for buying two
Gatorades three feet okay see how long
it is on you make your best sea lions I
think that Hawk is that I think it's the
alignment
bow
do I go bow Oh bull I'm dumb
it's a soup bowl you're breaking the
rule
what's one thing you can do when it's
raining go bowling right at least still
at least knock some Gator in there
actually smile okay in the comments guys
squeezing to win Ally or me
okay in comments city thinks gonna win
watch I'm gonna fail epically only so
bad what size ball do you need me attend
uh huh you know I'm gonna go with this
one this one's nice nice green balls
don't want skwiggs oh this I can go
right here yeah that sign says right
there I'm not going over there alright
I was his right foot I'm good but come
on you big cheater Charles
oh I got a gutter ball eight two seven
two point ninety one dollar an hour
that's how I say see you need the
pressure so we can barely hold it's
impossible
yeah you might want to put down my heavy
ball 14:5 that's a little bit heavy for
you babe you got it yeah that's one way
to do it
what kind of form was that and here he
goes
1q okay
I tell you you could be a professional
gutter baller you're winning
oh yeah I ruined that all that one
pinned down I want to see if you can do
this now I'm not sure
don't listen here I think what oh that's
not regulation that's now regulation
right now
that's all curved up going on all right
you know the pins are over there right
oh he's winning right now 71 255
this is the worst game this is the worst
game of only a very bullying history but
he might actually beat me no oh my got
it 71 255 just I think he just freaking
beat me he wanted to just beat me he did
two points our guys round two T Mallory
team trough I won last time by two
points but I feel like it could have
gone either way
and he still didn't even knock them all
down
he didn't even knock them all down I'm
taking a lead right now even though that
I did cheat by going down the freakin
stupid alley get it get get it I went
down the alley
so we met Taylor Taylor hey Taylor is
gonna show Charles how to properly bowl
because he's been bowling for nine years
yeah let's see if you can do it
he's dry right guys snuck it in
I try to help you but it's long gone the
Zipit well did I win I won
yes
oh my god it's so funny to me and I was
like we should start one and called the
pin pals and now there's like adventure
there's one oh there's one right there
how's your feet you're the one who did
it
you're the one that keeps going under
the bed like a maniac put some socks on
so you don't cold
Marley they'll knock the camera over
your jerk come on Zoey
or Treat look at cookie it comes right
off her feet she's only had one cookie
does it
all right Internet well I'm going to go
to bed right now
but first I'm actually gonna download my
open house um so make sure you go
download the album guys links down there
in description it's been a long year the
band worked really freaking hard on this
Travis worked really hard on this and
it's finally here after working hard for
about a year now I think it's about a
year in the process and honestly guys we
hope you really enjoy it from the bottom
of our hearts go check it out guys and
we'll hopefully see you guys on tour
very soon and remember little perk the
tattoo thing and have a great night and
we'll see you tomorrow here's a little
snippet
