so we were just walking and we found out
our neighbor has a star fruit tree so
we're kind of just plucking as we walk
grab this one I was gonna take a look
one got that one alright let's go let's
go Marley come on
this is where we should come and get our
gift card it has one extra battery
Marly was chasing those things
Oh perfect of that key in the back and
it's right around when I was a kid my
grandma would stay with us every once in
a while and she had one of these things
I preferred it over a real bike it was
so awesome what happens when you press
it
nothing department after this annoying
oh my god it's a ski ball look at that
it's a freakin full ski ball thing
there's a skee-ball thing and more
remote controls Zoe that she would
actually know go for the eyes on this
thing I think it would just be to try it
for her look at the Marly pig so I don't
know if you guys saw yesterday's video
Ali and I are trying to hang up these
like awesome cafe lights in the backyard
and yeah you can push we completely
yeah all this beef we completely broke
like I think like six to eight like
lightbulbs short story we screw it up so
we're gonna kind of get some Cape and
maybe we could taste everything together
and then that way we'll actually look
good why did it look like that'd be gang
you see that look like freaking like
Halloween me the lazy boy we don't have
one of those this one's perfect cuz look
I can edit that edit better look is
doing a weird color again the hell's
going on
that's so weird I think here's it go
straight there behind your head there to
those shirts
bright bright white though now it's back
to normal this is broken to who that
stuff is actually feeling really good on
my elbow
I would
we have we have a room for la-z-boy and
our bedroom there's an executive chair
coming you might not be able to see it I
love how this is a executive chair and
it's freaking camouflage I love it
sorry about that I'm obsessed with the
chair all right lightbulbs focus Charles
we need a label maker don't mind if I do
thank you that's a pump goodbye really
generous with a pie it's like usually I
do like a sliver that's how the people
are in the st. P giving get away from
you with we're buying out all the bulbs
too we just come out here and we just
buy out everything the problem is now we
don't know what kind of balls we had
because we got everything how this is a
pain in the ass gotta check the
filaments this is such a pain in the ass
this is not working at all we've put
like 14 different fuses and they keep
looking like this I mean within seconds
okay mosquito we're not friends right
there so I think we're just gonna go
back to doing the Christmas light thing
cuz those don't frickin break I mean
this is great idea but it's just
and on said rather not stress over all
right Plan B going back to the Christmas
lights it'll still look good not as cool
but it still look good it'll work
don't break what's that broken don't fix
what's not broken don't break what's not
broken guys by the way we just found out
that our neighbor over there lost their
turtle so see I guess I was diesel
trying to catch that lizard and totally
lost it I think there's gonna be a much
better idea there are already so much
lighter so this was a really bad idea an
old house what we tried doing was
getting these like supposedly heavy-duty
things that were supposed to hook to the
wall they're like oh yeah that's not
gonna wreck your wall and it's not gonna
work I told you I told you it smells so
bad
ya know what is that a letter e I want
to know God anyways hopefully these will
work you got to do it higher honey o go
further hangin
that gotta go harder than that cuz too
low oh oh my gosh is it working is it
working right here yeah so you something
like falling and breaking right there oh
my gosh would work tighter
nope it worked holy Toledo Batman do you
know how excited I am a friggin work to
bring it worked it worked
oh my god a way to work I'm so happy
okay I am pretty happy though you know
it's not exactly what we wanted but it's
getting there hang on I gotta do the
connection there but wait you might be
able to bring that to my dad sir does it
work might be able to unplug that No oh
wait let's see cuz then what we can so
close but here still wrapped do that
thing see if you can connect it so I
might not have to do that weird
connection to it is there a ways oh oh
yeah I didn't connect that I forgot
whoops maybe I do okay maybe my job
isn't complete all right all right I got
to get back to work yeah it isn't
no that's about right I don't think the
light a break and then we'll just run
the others right here success except
right there we need a tiny little strand
that goes to here but all in all I feel
like we have succeeded compared to all
the failure of yesterday here of
yesterday I know hello
look how nice it looks oh it's good when
things work Ali and Luis are right now
doing the podcast we just got a couple
packages of posters that we get a sign
from the last posters that we just did
the pool poster so when Ali gets back
from that we got to get the signing so
that way we can make sure to get it to
you guys as soon as possible okay those
came out freaking awesome I am so stoked
on these now he's gotta sign them send
them to you guys up if you guys didn't
know that we released a new poster you
go to CTFxC merch calm and you can get
this new poster we're gonna start
signing him right now see we even have
that photo in our house I love that
photo so much god Street would you find
what is that nothing bird poop let's
fill it up doofus
literally one more day until the new
album comes out literally one more day
or at least from where you're watching
this if you're watching this after the
20th the new album is out but if you're
not one more day so I've been trying to
get back into the whole walking in the
morning walking in the evening thing at
least a couple miles every day because I
kind of fell out of that whole regimen
after the second surgery I was like
kicking ass and then after the second
surgery I just haven't been able to like
get back into a nice cool little regimen
where I'm like constantly exercising and
I feel like complete crap about it
because with the new album coming
that means more touring and I just want
to make sure that my body can handle and
is in the best shape possible mentally
and physically
cuz as of now the only tour that we have
like publicly announced we have some
tours booked right now guys I just can't
tell you right now is we're gonna be
playing Australia and New Zealand first
time ever in New Zealand for myself I
love Australia so that'll be kind of fun
and these other tours that are coming up
soon I just can't tell you right
it's kind of a secret hopefully we'll be
let you guys know how'd you get all
tangled come on this way dude
this way you are completely tangled I
know we do have the hometown show coming
up pretty soon and we have a nice little
Christmas surprise for you guys as we do
every year but this time we're gonna do
something a little special like a little
gift for you guys more information
coming I know I always tease you guys
but I just got to talk I got to say
what's on my mind right now otherwise
I'm gonna completely forget and it's
always gonna be like oh yeah I
completely forgot to tell you guys which
just seems like it always is preparing
yourself all right so we got to figure
out how to do this do you want to start
signing no sign what you gotta sign no
you know jerks oh it's trippy that is my
name I'm gonna do some special ones for
example this one is going to have some
googly eyes so if you get this poster I
want you guys that tweet me so that
literally is the only poster that's
gonna exist every time I do these little
posters I always do like little hidden
things like that because number I think
it's still funny
the ultimate thing for Marley two
favorite things watermelon and a carrot
I'm gonna see which one she goes for one
ready we'll do it the same time ready 1
2 3
she goes for the carrot first all right
so I'm just gonna cut up some watermelon
as a tasty little snack not for you for
me hope you guys enjoyed today's video
don't forget to subscribe and we'll see
you guys tomorrow A's have a great night
doodles see you guys
