start our day Ali and I not the morning
I just a little off throwing it up
morning for me shut your mouth
we're gonna start the day with a little
scratch off so this is gonna determine
how awesome our day is yeah what's got
you get the coin okay not the coin see I
don't have any coin
so there's grimy as hell I would throw
up in the air I'm gonna catch it okay
one two three you got zero of them so
they're unlucky honey I got it right
here
you let that one that's any of your
numbers any other golden ticket numbers
stack of coins symbol when double the
price show for that symbol get a golden
ticket some I'll talk first show we get
a bunch of chocolate so 1040 nothing so
good eighteen when I got the coin so I
won so I wanna I want our money back
whoa actually wouldn't double it so I
technically just made $5 yay I went two
dollars mm-hmm come on our winner
chicken dinner last one you got our
money back yeah we should keep playing
that same card until you lose all them I
feel like if we would've went big and
just got a $10 one we could have
probably won at least $20 so the day is
going to be pretty good yeah we didn't
lose any money
love work
he's where they found out and everything
and then we have to take this and send
it to Hawaii and then they send it back
to Ali I don't know it's a giant mess
it's just a giant bats dengue fever not
detective Davis as of now right now my
most recent time I got them I don't have
it but when they tested for the
antibodies let me show that real quick
when they ran the test again for
antibodies
I had the antibody and it was positive
across board which means that I had
dengue fever
all right there the antibody that I
developed is fresh it's a fresh antibody
it's a new antibody meaning that I got
to engage just recently and then I gave
my blood to make sure even though I
don't really think I have it but they
said there's an a something basically
means that I have a badass antibody like
I could have it but my body was strong
enough to fight it off I guess is what
they were trying to say basically you
don't have it anymore starting to get
nice and cool in Florida
so that means Ally does these weird
dances now it just means we could they
actually stand outside and not sweat our
freaking faces off we get a new hammock
I kind of wanted to get
it's nice hammock about convincing Ally
to get out like a leaf blower to because
I'm done freaking sweeping all right we
got a $20 hammock yeah it's one of our
go places any minute she got a snacks
hammock one of the ones he always puts
underneath the stages
hopefully nobody else needed those
string lights we literally bought them
all trying to figure out what could
loose got something for the roof you
don't want the way your minds over here
we're trying to think of something that
will string from the roof to the tree
and make these things kind of look
awesome it's our project for today oh
now I feel like a jerk every time you do
something boy you know I'm always doing
something rude you bought it for
yourself because you're hungry I am
everybody I was gonna share with you
make me feel worse okay so now we just
gotta wait for this baby to charge a
little bit before having some fun then
I'm gonna clean up this whole area do
you got them up there so we're gonna put
the lights from here to here to here
do you need some man might need some
Charles strength I'll get on your thing
you don't put it on it first we should
just do what that guy did over there for
the internet and then this is gonna go
over to that tree I'll grab the lights
and then you'll when I grab it and put
it here
I was running no I mean that's what we
want to do look at the doofus over there
hey doofus so I accept it got the
battery one you know kind of try to be
conscious
but the more fun isn't it
no more our sleeping
where they get an idea and idea devious
spin yourself around
hello the other way
the new way
this is what I like to do on a streetcar
crazy Jimmy Neutron here the reason why
it sucks is like that eyebrows like your
eye like
a new toy Green FYE with you I try it
you got to be like super not tense
yeah we're adults wait till you see your
face our toy is now dead already
I said our toys dead part of our office
gear and that is our chair that's gonna
be out there cuz the sprinklers just
fine so we are actually going to be
heading back to Home Depot now because
we have to figure out an alternative to
make these lights hang yeah we had a
little detour with leaf blower but it
was fun you didn't like it I had a good
effect
we're told another idea that this might
actually worry maybe that that's it
though that looks like it okay I'm gonna
screw something into the house we
started the day with the risk coming
back on top
who broke even guys you're gonna make
this happen this kills us we're gonna
make this happen it's gonna look awesome
though when it's done this is actually
what we've been wanting to do yes it's
the other house where maybe the the
Christmas lights around this is actually
what we wanted to do is turning into one
of the most simple yet complicated
things that we've probably done a long
time ever done alleys up in the tree
trying to fix this in middle of the
night cuz we do things right guys it's
gonna look cool once it's done though
and then we get the pool we'll have to
do all over again see what's happening
right now is that they're disconnecting
so we need to get some electrical tape
to connect them a little bit more firmer
30 seconds later as the bell is ringing
can you hear it how we feel right about
now so ominous
right after I started filming that thing
we broke two bulbs it just fell apart so
we're giving up for the evening we kind
of failed it's not a complete loss
because we'll give this awesome dinner
Ali made I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video and our little misadventure it
started off pretty cool we won 10 bucks
the funniest thing is I think we won
that 10 bucks
I think we broke $10 worth of bulbs so
we lost 10 bucks
don't forget to subscribe guys and we
will see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night
doodles see you guys how we want to feel
let's build a gym using
that's a signal bill if you ever need a
signal on how to steal now
very subtle does these days you ever
needed you know even though
