back in your hole if u bolts out of
there because I've been kind of like
under the weather and really really weak
and haven't really had much energy or
drive to want to work out it's kind of
been frustrating for me because it's
kind of an outlet for me and it makes me
feel so much better and it's just I've
been working really hard to get into you
know to get you shape until I get to a
point where like I feel like really like
healthy and good cuz i have a really
small body it's just I don't know I'm
built like a bean pole and it's actually
very uncomfortable for me I don't like
that I'm so like skinny and tall cuz I'm
almost 60 at all but I'm just like I'm
built very thin so I was working very
very hard to get to a point where I felt
really comfortable with myself and I was
like getting a lot of muscle well going
into the hospital I pretty much lost all
of it I've been out of the hospital for
a little over three weeks and I'm still
a little tired but I'm going to try my
very best to get back out there and
start running again I'm excited about
monday today I got a lot of work done
this morning I'm feeling good and
it's kind of been the first day since I
got out of the hospital that I felt like
I want to say like more normal than
others there's days where I felt really
great but then today I just I feel much
more normal than I then I have been I'm
actually really impressed with the
quality really kind of crazy this is a
cell phone considering how crappy cell
phones once were just in my childhood up
until now it's really kind of crazy
think about how good the quality has
gotten I also think it's so funny how
like cell phones were once super big you
weren't how like when they first came
out they're like super giant like I had
this giant phone I called the banana
phone it was so massive it was actually
this is actually the funny part it was
probably as big as the iphone 6 plus and
now they're back that size because there
was this trend where they were that big
then they wanted to get super small so
they're miniature I don't know if you
remember that like will ferrell skit
were they like we're making fun of the
fact that cell phones were getting so
small and now they're getting back to
being giant again i'm pretty sure every
one of you guys watching this video
right now it's once had a cell phone or
has a cell phone and in the comments
right now i want you to tell me the very
first cell phone that you guys had mine
was the LG flip phone that was the one
that did the first picture phone then
followed up by the razor which was a
piece of crap because it just snap every
time
I don't know we're here
hey buddy look good look at this little
shirt you an itching too much wearing a
shirt nice looks great yeah my poverty
they did it real quick so Phil Denis we
get to put his hands and he was working
oh but I was putting my hands down and
Tyson came up and kissed me and that's
how we got his paw paroled upside down
mr. ty are you doing over there bud even
give shelly um wait up me talking to
Tyson but if you want to answer that's
cool how you doing over there chair I
don't really want to talk to you hey
buddy oh oh you loving all this
attention you still got his famous rank
or lips look at my teeth oh my God he's
famous rank or ellipse you're still
beautiful they're attacking ready for
the new Star Wars he's looking like a
badass right now he's got this awesome
little biker shirt on you got my harley
davidson shirt Gary Gary McAllister
uh-oh have you seen this thing yeah I've
heard it they found us at it makes me
even look more badass Joker faced oh I
was all ripped up be Jason is like
really about us he's got scars
everywhere he's like the bill Willis of
dog look at him he's like not even
affected it's awesome check out that oh
my gosh
there's a new sheriff in town i think i
was walking this way though it okay oh
yeah so my mom met up with me and we are
just walking around and i'll tell you
it's so nice today feel like it's in
like what low 80s feels great really
really nice but it feels really good to
be able to get out one step at a time
but I'm getting back to normal guys look
at this delicious delicious little treat
I'm going to play a kind of the prank
not really a prank on Charles hopefully
it works we'll see but I got him
actually a real carrot cake I'm gonna
give it to him just to be nice and I'm
gonna try and make him think that
there's something really crappy in it
because he keeps putting really crappy
things into my foods I got you something
a carrot cake ice or a carrot cake
cupcake oh thank you mm-hmm really
voiceover how does it taste good finally
I like this all right I want to try the
carrot cake
hmm does it taste different monarchy
meeting has a taste oh it that's
good okay are you sorry it didn't take
bad when you do that you're buggin are
they there's nothing wrong other than
anything I like it so it's official i
suck at this I happy for a second thing
a little confused are you telling you
can try a bite though now that I bought
you that somebody a white man take the
dog food out of it that's what I'll
shreddin do I don't do shitty thanks to
my boyfriend he's not good Franklin well
because I you're right i suck at it
you're not go ahead suck at Frank would
it get the turtle I think I know why
Marlene used to get along they're both
spazzes so we're gonna go meet up with
Phil and Melissa at Phil's softball game
you want to go huh want to hit a ball so
y'all go if she goes you want to go
Marley is very well aware what this
copies place is like I know what this
place does everyone going to the
softball game had a little outfielder
see more that I'm sorry oh yeah right
here we got gangster tie over there and
his little gangster mobile come on mark
fills up right now hey bad about a
better batter batter swing is like I
totally get it this is first time
Diesel's got to see ty since the surgery
giving him kisses he missed them oh so
he just goosed you you get down there
hey ty put that away bud Dylan don't
show you red rocket to the Internet I
got a blur all that fussing
pants and satellite cares right now yeah
so much going on she's terrified but
like there's way too much going on Ali
stole my beaver hat sorry maybe you guys
aren't all the Hangout Jesse I did that
boat is two hits right now what do you
mean sorry running out Marley is not a
fan of baseball or softball the cracking
of the bat so he likes it it was just
cool you tuck ties little thing up into
a shirt so when the umpire is like kind
of bored al he's gonna go out there and
help out so long to left field hit to
let a probably well actually I knew
striking
oh oh song how the ball what k now he's
on first base and so the third-base
coach is gonna tell him to steal your
third-base coach telma steel yeah it's I
really oh that's safe that is it oh yes
not the game good luck yeah he likes
alcohol yeah he does think of them
you're just loves watching the game so
to try to you want to tell somebody is
still safe tell me you want to steal
steal base give me a signal that's the
signal Phil if you ever need a signal
how to steal this is Ali's very subtle
just in case you ever need it you know
even though
I want to go it off but I don't want to
where's that get up girl me click it off
huh you want to Creek it off and do a
kick it up where is it good he's off you
breaking every health code violation
right now no Brian eyes if I could walk
right back there and see like 14 yeah I
worked there for four years did you
really yeah so this gentleman right here
we're all watching Tim Neilly play first
base again still we struck out this book
i watch that yeah yeah he's big boys
walk out the door and I just freaked
myself out for a second really can I
walk into the wrong room Oh Marley
doesn't like it Tyson was I sorry it's
right I should love you just like take
that right out of your hand I seems like
all have it Oh Marley likes it now he's
a colleague well guys I hope you enjoyed
today's video I was attacked by cricket
but I survived don't forget to subscribe
because a brand-new and I will see you
guys tomorrow always have a great night
doodles see you guys go downstairs yeah
yeah i know i feel you to mark this is
all i can do
I don't know I'm the phone is livid
