smile I take your gas
so we get some things done today and the
entire day in the car we were gonna leak
little snippets of the new albums
there's five more days until the new
album comes out so this is this is one
of our favorite once it's called
completely and this will be on their new
album obviously so I feel like today's
there's gonna be a leak day that sounds
kind of gross
she's nothing and I thought I was low
enough to I was just hoping that you
you're gonna think I was there but I was
gonna be like right here I was like
thinking you're gonna do something
shitty to me or I was gonna throw
mayonnaise ice cream on you you have to
watch us in this video if you didn't see
yesterday's video go check it out I
tricked Ally and we did homemade ice
cream but as the little trick I put
mayonnaise in it I was really happy but
she took the fun out because then she
started throwing up
Elly's going to be upgrading yeah once
it comes out if she's tending wrong way
the galaxy now she prefers it it's
coming out of her mouth several times
it's craving a coffee but the line is
crazy
so she's gonna be a little lemming and
jump off the cliff and get a coffee 20
coins I want to contribute I don't get
the whole controversy about these red
cups I think it's you haven't heard
about the controversy I think it's like
because they don't have like Christmas
they've all had the Christmas beans and
this year they don't think it's actually
pretty if you actually look at all the
other Starbucks colors for the holidays
the Christmas dinners like he was they
admitted into this conflation they're
tacky these I think are just nice and
nice and
I think it is I don't understand the
competition you guys you read about it
I know this is artistic thing yeah I
like that or you use your imagination
whatever you want it to be nothing a
plain white Oh like just a playing
solo oh my god like
the probably did that just a create
controversy you read the novel and let
me know what's good maybe we should do
like we the King's new album coming out
in five days and cheesecake backer but
he had a big giant thing that said look
at me now
throwing this is definitely Ali as a
little girl that really was an ally but
it's totally once or in my imagination
Fred Fred okay you're on a little 80s
cake aren't you
no no bad every time I do something to
you you always make you feel yeah let me
up help you no come on you make you feel
bad you take away all the fun I couldn't
figure this out but I was doing and I
was like immediately thought of this
movie what movies is from they tell me
the comments you get it
you're amazing if you don't get it it's
so amazing but you gotta get it next
time how they didn't get it we can
figure that one out okay so we've been
living in the house for about six seven
months now and we have yet to play with
a slinky down the stairs that's all I
wanted to do as a kid is just have us
note are you gonna write on that I'm
moustachy mustachio but it did I always
wanted to have stairs at my house so I
can put a slinky down the stairs and I
remember my neighbor having fares and I
was so upset because he didn't even like
the list like he thought I was stupid
but I always thought it was awesome oh
that's a nice chair is that better oh
it's so small
what's great for a snack and fits on
your back all day dogs we're trying to
look for something no rooming family
yeah roomie no playing on having like
four kids you know me something that has
a family car very gas efficient you're
insane
dog is the fastest did she falls all
over the place
Ali chased her out
I'm to christen the stairwell with a
slinky tour you need to do it first a
rock paper scissors right rock paper
scissors slinky I did by slinky I sleep
okay all right Omar you don't play
slinky yeah this was a throw it down the
doors there are stairs not work it'll
make the slinkys like you used to okay
let me sleek in this this is the worst
slinky ever this is very wire I guess
it's a way to slinky if the stairs worse
lately dinner sinking come on down you
can't throw the thing down one down
what's there
here I'm really disappointed in them I
think
how can you not do this think you're
right this is really stupid stairs get
to the bottom at that right no so you
will you nervous something sneaky
approach downstairs no yeah I know I
failure to mark this is all I could do
with it I don't know why this is the
funniest image
oh absolutely
oh yeah I probably did you know I used
to play with my friend what yes strike
do it like waiting for our faces and we
like doll bit and see if we would like
go to ketchup or in our face that's a
really it was a very stupid idea
oh my gosh stretch it
I'm telling you bad idea yeah please
don't do that honey
even that fun well he's like no play
with me play with me that's right like
you think me me away with me so slinkys
officially suck when you're older and I
just wanted to just one thing sometimes
in the comments I've seen some people
say that I look miserable in the videos
and I'll be completely honest
some days I'm actually very miserable in
the videos but very clearly I want to
say this that does not mean that I'm
miserable doing the videos I love doing
these videos they make me very happy the
fact that I can connect there with so
many people all over the world is just
such an amazing feeling and I wouldn't
trade that for anything I love doing
this because I love doing this this is
the job I never thought I'd actually let
me just figure this out in my head
because in my head this made sense this
is the dream job that I never thought I
wanted and now I have it's amazing I
love this job but I think what makes it
amazing is that it doesn't even feel
like a job it just makes me feel like
I'm just a person hanging out with a
bunch of other friends of mine and I
think that's what makes YouTube such a
desirable amazing awesome thing and I'm
sure a lot of you guys agree with me
anyway I'm gonna go to bed I just want
to say thank you guys Charles rant over
have a great night and we will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night doodles I said that twice I guess
