good morning Internet just waiting for
Ali right now
outside of a store I figured I might as
well get comfortable get comfortable
- we get comfortable there we go
might as well get comfortable
waiting to drop diesel off at my mom's
just for a few hours cuz we're gonna
watch Tyson Melissa has a few things
that she needs to do cuz I can't be
around anybody too rambunctious we're
actually a little bit worried about
Marley too and we're kind of debating on
maybe we should bring our two moms as
well but because jason has his fresh
stitches and obviously the fresh surgery
done we just gotta take extra
precautions and make sure that he's real
safe don't worry diesel you will play
with your buddy very soon I know they
miss each other I could tell when I got
home
diesel was just sniffing me like crazy
excited know that he could just smell
Tyson all over me right now it's like 73
degrees beautiful public hammock so I
had come to Michaels because I chipped
our tile in the house and I have to go
and find like ceramic paint somewhere I
feel so guilty about it your child that
we go to replace what we're trying to do
that so now I'm trying to make this a
quick fix and hopefully it works
here's all right there pick up a chair
what did bake the paint yeah so they
told me to get like a wood grain pen
filler and we couldn't and I got that
they said it should fit if you don't
know what's going on right now we
dropped a hammer
oh you explained it you broke a gun
floor which is not my fault you're the
one who put that stuff up in there hey
there's pegleg gonna be very careful
Tyson pie pot is kicking ass he's got a
nice little filthy TV shirt on look at
him he's styling Tyson gourmet over here
I was really bummed yesterday
because I realized that we didn't
guess what right here my favorite thing
about
Charlie Brown trees I know my name is
Charlie yeah so I just want to be
completely honest with you guys today
I've been feeling like really really
really bad the chemo that just stopped
yesterday so we're the residuals are
technically still today and I'm until
the next couple days work so like
actually get out my system I've actually
been really really bad as far as like
feeling it kinda like threw up like
twice just like just not feeling good at
all so to bring up the night Ali thought
it'd be kind of fun to make like
homemade ice cream I'm not gonna say no
to that and I just wanted to be
completely honest with you guys on why I
haven't feel much and why I feel like
this right now so rather than being
super boring and just making Baylor
chocolate I figured you know we should
try to do something crazy or maybe you
like salted caramel ice cream I have no
idea this is actually gonna work I feel
like I remember making this as a like a
kid in school they can zip lock bag I
feel like that's gonna be a lot easier
when I'm crying right now
Tyson's the listener over here he's like
don't get me wrong if I had another leg
I'd be out there too no he didn't that
tell you to do that
what yeah sig no no so I'm in charge of
dessert and Ali's in charge of dinner
last time I did this I was probably 15
years old
don't know if I could still do it
they got nursing myself what are you
doing both folks we have a problem here
we bought all the ingredients for ice
cream thinking that we had all these
parts of nice to make water so let's
just say you put it in here like it's
supposed to be right so let's say
theoretically you put it in there as
well a turn won't even turn the only
thing that's turning is this star bubble
with a bang so star button right there I
feel like there's like a missing piece
or something wrong or it just might not
be turning here's this easy
mine something we've never done before
oh my gosh look at that scar
did you look at my scar there you go you
gotta keep it covered to keep it nice
and clean you badass tie pod the badass
is that if I get this thing working
I'm going to prank her by putting
mayonnaise in the ice cream figured it
out the reverse butthole was on this
thing okay so then we do that then we do
this okay that was bad nothing
so all these directions surprisingly I
know make fun of me are too complicated
or just too intricate so I'm just gonna
see if I can make my own ice cream are
you gonna try some of this ice cream
are you serious where do you think that
came from it's not a realtor
let's hope yeah I haven't been Jenna do
well and I got a big turd of chocolate
right here I got a cool off and that's
gonna cool down I love that you're using
the top of the sugar to measure the
sugar I can't find our bedroom cups oh
my gosh this is gonna be the most
frightening ice cream for ending really
awesome okay so we're basically trying
to find all of these ingredients no I'm
not doing that one just kidding we're
not what are you using your own mind I
really am really I'm just getting the
basics and then I'm gonna feel like how
we do it
I mean they've only been making ice
cream for however long but you know what
don't trust the recipe that's what I've
always been told well make it as you
please there's no room for innovation if
you want to put salt instead of that
sugar you can go ahead and do that I
have the caramels let salted caramel
that's how you search for things on
YouTube dear YouTube I would like to
find the wrong area we don't die from
this
just imagine okay all my brain surgeries
you going through dengue and we die from
ice cream homemade Thanks that's why
you're gonna eat it first you tell the
internet that you're not gonna touch
your beard once in the month of November
well they know you're not new yeah but
you always trim it you do I've never
done it that's bullshit cuz your beard
right now is longer than it was last
year before you shave it I mean Internet
do like a Instagram or a a comparison of
every year I've done no Shave November
of the past seven years I
tell you it's a lot longer than last
year work oh fuck that sounds bad
good job obviously making homemade ice
cream right now but I don't know if it's
gonna work
so under its ally that we actually did
it and what I'm going to do is that
bought ice cream that looks just like
that ice cream and I'm gonna put
mayonnaise and make you scream
disgustingly awesome mother is running
away don't you dare tell her Marly can't
do too much otherwise just see it they
gotta cover it up I'll see the girls
face of ice cream that I know is
actually
yeah that's you soupy what the fuck did
I do wrong but as far as Ellie knows
this actually succeeded I didn't eat
some delicious now you spent all that no
I'll get the rest of it trust me this is
in one bowl and yours is in another well
because I yeah it gave you a portion
secret something no there's something
ice cream yeah there's caramel caramel
went to the Kremlin um I got some more
of it we don't caramel hmm you okay
on a one to ten scale how much you want
to kill me you have really ever ever
ever ever attempted to like ice cream
he made me throw up like it's not funny
like I'm my stomach hurts right now see
I was telling her like it totally takes
the fun out of doing Frank but here's
the thing if I would have made you eat
the actual ice cream that I made you
would have thrown up way worse you can
punch me there
I literally taste as he was going down
my throat like you see the camera right
there either
what are you doing
Gameboy
