good morning Internet the faster
Internet man is here all full of faster
Internet
sweet you guys here for the epic test
yeah it's about 500 Meg's and so here's
the ultimate test
look at that go one minute I'm gonna get
so used to this anybody got on tour on
tour bus I'm like so upstairs like
dial-up so his mom came over and
immediately immediately does the mom
thing and finds out his glasses that she
was freaking out about the mom thing
go see you hide like now I'm done on
your chin there sir sir is this No Shave
November for you too right I wanna go
see type odd let's go see type odd good
seat iPod
on second thought bringing them wooden
Tyson just had a surgery right now
don't think it's actually a good idea
but I want to go see them so I'm gonna
get them all nice and tired so that went
that way with your oh sweet iPod so
November is halfway over and we still
have yet to take this stuff down feel
like it's about time
goblin ghost I know it's fake but this
stuff is creeps me out because it
actually sticks like a real spider web
like for example gum like getting on a
ladder to do that that'll be there next
year I was cleaning out the garage a
little bit as much
I can it's been like almost half a year
we've been in his house and we're still
kind of figuring things out and what
doesn't say was was organizing in there
or getting some very some stuff and I
found ice cream maker leaving I didn't
know I had one part of my mom brought it
over give it to my mom to give me the
most random thing that sounds awesome
now but she's hiding didn't care she
doesn't care anymore she grew up about
Thai pot is on ball looks better than
yawns oh my god look he's got like a
little t-shirt on yeah it's Jessie for
my shirt oh boy
you look great you look so happy
completely different now the fact that
you even got up to greet you guys is
always already here yeah
oh my gosh how do you then you know
seeing him do so well makes me dogs just
suggest so well do these type of things
he's like give me the ball so who dubbed
him tripod tightwad iPod I don't
I would like literally posted it and
somebody was like oh it's like cuz
somebody put you should check out
my pots P AWD I guess there's like a
website about that and then all of a
sudden somebody goes I shall call him
iPod look at that tail guys that's a
happy tail if I ever did see one oh my
god tell something see that your leg
doesn't give away his ears I haven't
seen his ears like that a while no I
know it sounds really crazy but his ears
whenever he gets happy does his little
ears he's like you can't throw that ball
in your mouth Charles don't say
undermined oh yes you got three legs
these crazy right now than he was must
have been pretty painful for him he must
be a puppy
it was almost like hate me after I take
his leg off he's like he's probably
gonna thank you like anything and now
seeing him so much happier he's doing
great look at him
see I'm going out to play Gobi what's
that what's on your nose a dog
he's a good is gonna go home oh no no
big back to normal feeling good you look
like you're feeling good this is leg do
we wake you up from your nap
that's perfect
Tyson just think of it this way you have
one less legs have a dead leg on Wow
come on ty it's crazy to think about
like cutting off a limb would make him
feel better it's insane to think about
it
this poor dog is hiked had so much he's
had the Joker lip slashed open he said
yeah the fishhook it was when I got
attacked yeah Tyson protected my mom
from a dog attack and he's got two ACL
surgeries this dog is like frickin
triumphant
he goes look he's peeing and everything
I'll let you go we need to get him a
pirate costume like immediately you guys
are probably saw him Melissa's videos
like how he was and yes where I saw on
his the video a couple days ago and how
he looked just like he looked with pain
so this is what Tyson reminds me of
right now Right Said Fred from I'm too
sexy Tyson let me see your little too
sexy shirt that's your bed yeah that's
my bed you know a lot on there no I just
wanted to remind you guys I know we've
talked about this before
Lisa mattresses Ellie esa.com mattresses
we've done this before in the past how
they've helped sponsor the CTFxC if you
guys have not gotten a mattress or
you're in the market of the mattress you
should definitely check these guys out
if you go to Lisa calm so I CTFxC you'll
get $75 off and there's a hundred nights
sleep free so if you like it you get to
keep it obviously if you don't like it
you can send it back and get your money
back
the reason why I really like this
company is their charitable
contributions for every ten mattresses
they donate a mattress to like homeless
shelters and charities like that if you
guys remember a couple months ago Ally
myself actually went to one that we were
able to see all the mattresses because
of you guys being donated to the shelter
and where they're going and for who
they're going to it's just something I
think is really cool and I just wanted
to remind you guys if you are in the
need of
Matros go to Lisa calm CTFxC get a
discount and know that the best part is
not only gonna get a nice comfortable
mattress but you're gonna actually be
helping with charities and homelessness
so it's a win-win in my opinion get an
awesome mattress have a good night's
sleep and she doing that the whole time
sorry you makes me laugh
it is November right that's kind of cool
okay I'm confessed I thought I was gonna
be able to open up know that that person
I call that's awesome
in the tacky is way possible then again
I feel like every like Christmas or
holiday thing if you want to say it that
looks like a freakin that looks like
you're right there you dying there
reminds me the here weekend just to get
a bunch of candles more of a derp
more you perfect yeah you wait what I
think you sniffing the candles and
getting like Oh see your face you're
lying to me stop no you really do have
it let me see my phone your liar he
really do have it on there I'm lying
darn it I was like telling Ally like it
blows my mind that people are able to
create smells like oh this is what's
lemon supposed to smell like kind of
blows my mind so weird to me like a
wreath is what a real Chili's that's
good
half the time you don't even know the
cameras rolling this part you just
saying how about this one - every single
one
looks like you have to take a shit I
didn't realize how big these iPad pros
are massive they're kind of cool though
I feel like they're really kind of
wasting real estate what are you doing
back there that the toy you want
anything weird oh cool go to bed guys we
were just reading about all the horrific
things are happening overseas right now
in Paris and Ali and I just wanted to
express our deepest sympathy for
whatever's going on over there it's just
so dumb just wall doesn't need any more
anger and just this is just so so so
stupid and we just wanted to wish
everyone some safety everyone be safe if
you're in Paris right now please be safe
if you're not please everyone important
I know it doesn't seem like much but you
know all we can do is send out your
thoughts and prayers right now and just
you know keep Paris and everyone over
there just in your hearts and in your
minds and just please stay positive that
all this would end soon and don't worry
we're gonna send the Thai pod and he
will take care of all the evil over
there anyway don't forget to subscribe
guys and we'll see you guys tomorrow
always have a great night
go
Gameboy
