I actually think I'm gonna try this is
my first day I going back to the gym I'm
gonna take it super easy so good
afternoon Internet today is kind of a
pretty important day that I think we're
going to need you guys to really keep
Tyson and keep Melissa in your minds
because Tyson's undergoing some surgery
today to because he has bone cancer and
what they need to do is they need to
remove is like but good news is that you
know dogs can quickly evolve and they
can quickly get comfortable with things
like that so I think that this is going
to be something that Tyson is going to
recover so quickly from but you know
just remember to please keep them in
your prayers today give them lots of
love and
same buddy won't go outside won't go
outside with me come on char is staying
inside I noticed that Wow look good how
fancy it is Charles what in the hell oh
my god Charles oh my god Charles oh my
god what are you doing gotta fix it yeah
oh my god oh jesus please don't give me
a hard sex Charles is going to take the
siding of our house oh hang on a second
I'm gonna not get on the roof of climb
up this ladder just to make sure he's
okay do you have a hammer okay please be
careful I don't trust you at all yeah
I'm good
says the man in climbs 16 stories up
like an idiot I'm good there's like this
little panel over here does drive me
crazy I can see it every time I pull up
I guess it just popped out so I just
going to knock it back in simple things
simple fixes those driving me nuts I
have the sacred figure the treehouse
spying on people why does this just feel
like a really bad idea right now now
that you're listening he's like oh I'm
gonna do right now on the roof wild
pitch black outside because I threats do
during the day not hey I have really
good idea i think i'm gonna do it
tomorrow when it's really nice and sunny
out and I can see everything that's
Charles tribute for you guys what are
you doing I don't think there's any
other siding honey Oh calm down Tom and
fix it again yeah yeah min ago Hey oh
you want to come down on fixed I feel
like I should just like this ladder and
keep you up there we had a pool we
haven't had this one yeah no no I know
what I'm doing with you well like a
lunatic
oh my all right lunatic come on let's go
oh no wait a second hand it to me don't
throw it down no talk talk the dogs are
you see you are a nut you sound like
over there no like futurama or they
first made Richard Nixon Nixon I
remember oh my god please be careful do
you need I'm holding the ladder you want
me to help you or you got it right there
it there right there good job good job
over yep got it I got the ladder oh my
gosh Charles guess is right in my camera
so late no jokes make more dangerous i
think then the skyscraper oh that's
awesome i make objects that's awesome oh
and you chucked where to go where is
yeah now we got to find a camp up there
it is in retrospect approach to hell
yeah I'm gonna go with that too or you
could have just done it in the daylight
that would have been smart too I will
see it anymore and today I feel like you
would what that makes no sense what Oh
light no light getting down from the
ladder as a scariest burger oh my
goodness gracious you're gonna give me a
heart attack if I showed you guys this
but the day I came home or garage door
broke let's now quiet is
so quiet where's the church house ya
know hashtag hashtag hashtag let's play
robot wars man yeah cuz i bought this i
don't think i saw yesterday's video but
you know like rope what were they called
battle the thing no those things that
would rot know those things are like two
two two controllers and you try to knock
the head off you guys know what I'm
talking about no those were Oh rata any
good was Rock'em Sock'em well anyway
whatever they are they have an updated
version was your deal what are you doing
how are you doing diesel guns away so he
tries to stop you
good how what can I walk in here she's
all in Marley diesel can't you guys just
get off of art no see that's cute that's
cute and I appreciate it just cooked o
Shaykh I'm your pop thank you oh thank
you your short coat can anyone tell me
what city this is think this might be
San Francisco zeeland know I know
somebody knows all right so is this
editing today's video and i found a
folder of all the footage of ali when
she was like feeding those man-eating
fish so here's some lost footage town
are you enjoying your time yes coffee we
need a coffee because we're heading to
go through the Tarpons and we're exactly
didn't even make it 50 miles before we
made our first stop wish we're exhaust
this is gonna be a long trip home we're
all pretty tired police really kind
everything down we are in good spirits
for hauling goods first but I found like
 but I'm gonna tell you more but it
was fun but we're all in good spirits
were all in really good spirits and
enjoying this trip so a few more hundred
million miles in them or home so while
the ladies are going to keep the sharpen
right now I'm her delicious Miller
I'm so cold I'm super excited about this
right now
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
maybe be fried Claire buyers here that
guy looks like he wants it right there
Claire seamless buggy yet come on but
here you smell it I know you smell it
you know let's get my god these things
are so big this is crazy telling it
they're cute oh my gosh I love to see
jump on the water anything on GoPro look
at it sleep fish
swag bucks I know you gotta go lower
I couldn't do it out you scared with
today look at this gorgantis one oh my
god
I want to
kind of wimp except for Claire Claire
basically got her arms naked ha
yes me and you know it was 11 did you
know is 1111 yes you happy veterans day
by the way but yeah thank you guys for
serving the country and think of us all
safe oh but it is 1111 more denier it is
1111 I did this video I want you guys to
make a wish don't forget to subscribe
guys and
that
and that I see what you're making there
okay how about this and we gonna cut you
we do it interesting can we do it i'm
like dead serious we should get this a
man get real give her all the bugs look
at the sku poor
