more tea more banana one two three funny
thing is these treats have banana in it
you know that right
3c disease literally dog it I think she
literally one like that my face is
bleeding
hey my face bleeding yes I didn't do
anything
I must have just punched the shark and
they fought back mostly got in the fight
with my shirt and there's there's no
choice you bring here son of a bitch I
brush my teeth I started feeling
something go down my nose I start
freaking out you know just get punched
in the face with the ground I had the
worst look at her
you can't catch a break guys why Ali was
actually in the hospital so long it was
like if something like this happened to
her like say already clotted this
wouldn't have happened without he so
that's why they had her in the hospital
so long lame irony
so my basic leader in that way I'm
listening to AFI and in 2007/2008 Potter
Bergen you know my buddy Leonard is
always in the vlogs faces today fi the
irony of the situation Bakula was saying
is hunter went back into the crowd and
his face and knocked me in the same
place all right you guys also know how
it's true love I'm playing the most
obscure in it by songs that she's over
here singing score she would've been
like if Isis ox oven over with
dun dun skis nope it's got to be fi hey
if I'm sprung out you don't want it no
done skis other was telling me she was
regaling me on the story of when she was
in middle school that she was a crossing
guard a lot of people were always people
or safety patrol that's what it was
safety but safety patrol we get this
like a seatbelt I like the orange yeah
the orange Depot had a badge on it and
everything
I remember I used to always like to with
my friend Allison
this one corner that was like at the
front of the school but nobody ever
crossed there are so many we would dance
and we were the worst crossing guards we
like nothing like 50 deaths in your
protected cross go for it up fun you
should have got your crossing guard
license revoked
I didn't know you liked me do you
remember hands across campus did you
have that I don't remember that one
what was that I don't know I went to a
Catholic school so might have been
Center just like affiliated with that we
just like here's across America but the
campus the campus
sir you better make the right decisions
girl I know I talked you could use me
right there but you didn't even let me
do my job I got every year every year
each class got like these different
little awards you know I got every year
what Good Samaritan Good Samaritan yep
every single year I was a good Samaritan
and did you get the modesty award - it
did the humble award but I never entered
so I was always so quiet I was just I
think I was so quiet I always should
like okay you nervous no fifth grade I
got every year up until fifth grade I
think it was perfect attendance
Bangalore no I got perfect attendance
and the douchebag reward yeah both
because when you get the perfect
attendance award you gotta be a
douchebag the second I realized that I
could skip a day and all went down to
hell and that was sixth grade a tiny
little drone we could totally mess with
Zoey Marley so bad
okay 39 or shoot you're just a 59 get
the bigger one I know Marley hates these
so I should buy it
the pissed off Marley
I don't think so because I could spy on
you in the shower
oh my god it's bumpers alley we can get
these and we could fight each other do I
get this
here we go fight each other I'll get
this in fight oh you wanna get that oh
my god this is actually kind of cool
your head falls off so many we can fight
each other we can knock each other's
head off every time we can we just go
robot now oh my god more toys
mark likes diamond you here playing
Simon
I got it
Oh some of this my finger hit it more
it's a t-rex
so racing t-rex oh my gosh I love this
place we came here and we're leaving
here with drones and toys it's like peas
afters and sitting on a toilet hole we
have a mistletoe the real thing is all
okay
you know what I just realized we missed
our cinnamon brooms this year nope
there's something oh we missed putting
them all over the house
give my favorite thing we do the lady at
the register
her name was Picabo but it was spelled
peekaboo I don't have any other more of
a story other than that's the fucking
coolest name in the world
there's nothing more story than that
shut up I don't want to insult her by
Konnor peek-a-boo peek-a-boo and she
said it was like a German German French
name snowboarder do you guys know it
snowboarding named baby go boo boo with
it peekaboo it's pretty it's different
haben no story uh yeah
stop elaborate and listen
Isis back with a brand new edition I
killed it it's dangerous so dangerous I
do that purpose Charles Trippy flare do
they not know anything well Thanksgiving
Thanksgiving is a holiday where the
Vegas is not that important that you
right here internet what you think this
one or I like this one's more like a
cauldron get a fish that's cool
you killed your last cactus No
it's a hoot
she's learned to just ignore me but it's
a hoot you don't want to cactus now you
get try this again
these are called wiener cactuses that's
the proper term for country we're actor
poke yeah that's actually the scientific
name it's called wiener Alice tech TSS
change this
that
and that I see what you're making there
okay how about this
and we gonna fuck you
we do it you twist it can we do it I'm
like dead serious we should get this in
there give up give her all the bugs look
at the skew horror 3-inch exactly it
says four on that Sousa has been feeling
bad and I haven't been home and she
hasn't been home we figured you know
burrito date night
leaving it hey buddy I need you sit down
please
it's like I won't know I want to come in
if you guys haven't noticed diesel seems
to always be going back and forth it's
because Ali's mom really really misses
diesel - we're out of town it's just
easier than your mom taking all three
dogs yeah three dogs definitely crazy
Diesel's got the mentality of a burly
thick I couldn't be scratched and it was
even hard for me to have Zoe and Marley
because can you sit I don't want to do
anything you say where's your friend
what what do you got we gotta clean up
our room you gonna clean leaving like
we're in college we're not in college
anymore
now what'd they say
what sinky rooms are stinky rooms what I
can hurt Ali with just two fingers watch
what it does in the face watch you're
not watching the hit you have to watch
minions where is it gonna go
did you worry look please I'm gonna hurt
egg watch try yeah so try to get out
there all right pinching YouTube no you
hit sweaty likes it hits a slinky good
slobber the heads else seemed real crazy
don't tell me you know not to bring up
the door I wanna take your hips straight
like every five human emotion right now
is going through my head right now
well how is doing that my head is big
enough for me
who
right now
Carolyn right feathers away look where's
daddy
and he stopped
obvious
