children laughing people singing we're
obviously in the festive mood right now
because this is the very last question
an answer ever
Oh 2017 17 I feel like we got you on
that one we had to break the joke that
can I guess you got to do this like the
last video of 2017 will be December 31st
so we wanted to do one last question
answer
clickbait we are in our little our
offensive guard I actually got this when
we were in Yellowstone and you guys
remember that like I was not feeling I
was sick and then you went and walked
around yeah and then you came back oh
yeah you guys remember that that was on
your Anitra we got some questions from
you guys and we're going to give you
some answers from us guys let's do this
yep high-five I'm waiting all right
we're gonna start off with a very fun
one what is your favorite thing about
the holiday season I want to do
something new and fun this year
stringing up Christmas lights that's
your favorite thing I'm gene sarcastic
we all know what happened yesterday
are you kidding me first a homeless news
I love getting together with my family
we always have like a big dinner and get
together and holidays are the best time
for the entire family to get together so
I don't know I appreciate it so much
more
Ivan I want like every year find a new
ornament to representational there we go
that's why we're married
I can sisal like bacon I am made of an
egg I had plenty of backs moment but
lack good leg I like a good leg I peel
layers like onions for still remain
whole I can be long like a flagpole yet
fit in a hole what am I have no idea
does anyone in the actual comments know
what Thomas is talking about that's on
work for 2018 being the last any
favorite memories I am bummed because
it's such an amazing thing it's punk
rock summer camp I mean you guys have
heard me say that a million times in the
vlogs and actually I want to ask you
what is your favorite moment of Warped
Tour either personally or from the
videos some of the first fans that I
like some bands that I've I'm in love
with now is I first discovered them at
warp tours if you could design a tattoo
for the other person what would it be I
don't think I could design something but
I would make Ally get the smile okay
tattoo I kind of knew that you kind of
do I would make you do that one I you
know he talks a lot about having the
other arm feeling good
deep sea deep sea so I would want to do
a deep sea one but I would want to
incorporate all the animals like I
really want them all on like like
underwater deep pressure suit it'd be
cool I would like one diesel to be a
submarine or something and then I would
want and I don't want like to Zoe to be
like a mermaid or you know just
something cuz it's all unique and it's
all these like undiscovered things I
think it's really cool because deep sea
there's still so much to stuff that's
undiscovered no I'm kidding so cool
interact with it do people know you more
as Charles of CTFxC or Charles of bleep
the Kings I feel like it's almost like
split 50:50 kind of depends where I'm at
I think Marvel DC so basically x-men or
Superman
I think Marvel hands-down Marvel what is
something that you both can't live
without what do you think you getting
I'm getting feel like music music okay I
just look like an idiot now new don't
you look super sweet you obviously you
would be in there too but if we're gonna
talk about something besides the obvious
I would have to say music for me oh okay
sorry
how are you both finding the new one
taste we see that our training wheels on
but I feel like I kind of like them I
actually really enjoy them it's it's
challenging I know believe it or not it
almost feels more challenging than just
blocking all today because you can't
screw up well it's something that you
can't screw up but it's just like you
don't have a chance to erase it yeah you
know but also you want to keep it
entertaining so I think it really puts
the pressure on you hence the reason why
I'm constantly running away from her
feels like I just walked fast so I have
to remember what I'm doing the one yeah
because honestly people think I'm just
walking fast for the one takes I'll be
in the grocery store Ximenes like I'm
ready for eyes I organic they're really
fun and I'm really enjoying them but it
also challenges us not only to like make
sure it's really exciting but also to
really find something awesome do do that
day what is the weirdest dream you've
ever had like a dream all the time too I
don't forget them I don't know if this
is true but this is what somebody's up
to you people have told me you dream the
last few seconds of before you wake up
the dream you remember happens within
just the second or two before you woke
up
it's kind of crazy yeah oh my god a
dream that I constantly have and it's
like I'm running through this dark force
and I can see where the clearing is but
I'm running I'm running running and I
can hear some people I mean I don't know
what it is I don't know if it's my
footsteps I don't know if it's a person
and
I get to almost of the clearing and then
it's like I don't like it
grab it or I just wake up and that's it
I never make it to the quarry that's
frustrating yeah but it is so fresh but
another thing that I always experience
when I'm dreaming it's like the the
falling feeling I feel like that's why
I'm i were to stream because it's so
consistent yeah do you ever have the
teeth the teeth falling out dream I have
that every one I remember like I
remember I've had a dream I do remember
a lot of my dreams actually a new dream
I know every black and white that's
really interesting right anything I
don't even know I don't say more up to
my dream by the way how do you guys
drink spiking why you're covering what I
can remember I feel like it's black and
white but I have had a dream the sport
where like um I'm like sliding down and
my teeth are falling it doesn't wearing
down but I can't open up my mouth I
think that these as weird as it is I
think means good luck
do your god please what do you think of
the top blogger is now versus the ones
the og vloggers I just say it's
different it's evolved back in the day
it was such a linear thing but I feel
bloggers have taken the idea of logs and
made it into more of a story time thing
and it's definitely different from when
I first started right now and I feel
like it's just the way of things
everything evolves whether I like it
more or less I don't really have an
opinion I prefer the way I do it people
prefer the way they do it so many
different types out there if you don't
want to like one thing then you can find
another and there's just so much what is
your favorite Christmas songs Rudolph
the red-nosed reindeer I think mine was
a game oh god my grandma gamma-gamma
right here what did you think when
Charles told you or you discovered his
YouTube channel for you overwhelmed love
you guys so he told me about what he did
I was not familiar - nobody believed
that but I really wasn't familiar with
what he did
not like bad we're but different like I
just didn't understand it I always
thought of YouTube is like music videos
cat videos and then charlie bit me yeah
I swear oh my like that is all I knew
I found out that there was this whole
like community I was definitely
overwhelmed I didn't understand what
came with it I wasn't as informed I
think as I think I should've been in it
wasn't your fault it was more like I
just didn't understand it's one of those
things you can't really explain you know
jump be a person but it was more yeah it
was just like I wasn't prepared I was
going to come once I joined into it and
that was really really really
overwhelming and really tough I didn't
understand that by all the little
bizarre I'm like what is this dude doing
with a camera in his face and then I
mean to explain it to my family and I
wasn't totally different thing as well
but I don't know I got used to it and I
and I love it now and that she's the
biggest just like I am al dicted okay
there's my one for the day how old were
you when you found out Santa wasn't real
he's not real what what color is your
toothbrush mine silver mine is white and
like a rose gold silver and gold biggest
fail in high school so I was going up
the stairs because I was running late
and the stairs were great next to the
cafeteria
so it's running up and as I was running
up I forgot to tie my shoe and I fell
going up stairs in front of the
cafeteria and everyone saw here's this
very so much money but I feel like mine
is far worse I was a freshman it was the
beginning of a second semester and I had
class with and his teacher named mr.
Bryant who's incredibly intimidating
obviously when you get to someone's
class the first semester and they would
make a show of paperwork like segment
yeah I never thought the book class
before that I had PE I forgot it in my
locker so he's like alright you have
five minutes to go and get it I had to
run out of his classroom to the gym to
get into the locker room to get this
paper it had been raining but I went to
walk into the door went in there it's
not in there I'm like freaking out I'm
like wow where's his paperwork oh my god
she's gonna like kicked me out I can't
with happening I'm so embarrassed all
the seniors are in the gym all of the
seniors so I'm like walking out and
freaking out in the corner gonna do what
I'm gonna do I say walk out the double
doors okay to walk outside where have
been raining
I slipped fell hit my head on
like the like where the two stores like
the pole that separates him I walked
into us before yeah slipped fell hit my
head got knocked out
and I woke up to seniors caring me it's
actually pretty interesting and pro like
the rest of the year mr. Ryan please
don't so people I like that I mean
literally all the time it's a memory
I'll never forget coming back to that
pole I remember why do they have this
board if you just I guess live in which
movie or movie world would you want to
live in forever mine would be Scott
Pilgrim against the world that would be
super super awsome
I would actually want to live in
ferngully Iran where she never even
those little nerds just beautiful in
some kind of watching I just love it so
ferngully what's on your bucket list
you've done so much so I figured this
might be a fun hard question I did a
video a long time ago where I had like a
bucket list it was like race a
speedometer thing on the road punch a
shark in the face and then something
else and it's kind of like jump out of a
plane
which is kind of funny I've done all
three of those I want to maybe go to a
real tropical place like Bali or like
you know the Maldives or Bora Bora
I think those are kind of on the bucket
list but I want to just walk out up a
little cabana and fall in the ocean I
feel like that sounds great I want to do
like a hiking trip hiking / camping trip
for like a couple of weeks for I'm
backpacking I'm off the grid and I feel
like you have to really like figure out
how to survive and I love that and I
love nature and I think it would be so
cool to do that for you know two four
six weeks sometimes it takes longer I
would absolutely love to do it through
like the national parks I would die so
why do you love each other giver so
different yeah what is your favorite
part from the wedding when we kind of
like after it said I do we were like
yeah and we kind of just like kind of
ran down the bank aisle
I feel like it is so special I remember
everybody was so excited and so happy
and we were so since and happy and it
just felt so good to be surrounded by
such amazing people do you believe
everything happens for a reason or do we
just find reasons after things happen
that's actually very interesting Lee
worded I feel like everything happens
for a reason but then when I say that
like you just said I feel like maybe I'm
just justifying something happening for
a reason because that's what I wanted to
the first initial response would be I
think things happen for a reason I think
that there's definitely a guiding force
and finding out what our destiny is
meant to be you know I really do I mean
it's you know what's not for everybody a
lot of people say you gotta work hard to
get where you're at and I believe that
too but I think that things do happen
for a reason and and things fall into
your lap you know I feel like life is
kind of like a choose your own adventure
remember those books where it'll be like
go to page 46 you know this or go right
or left at the poor yeah that's that's
how have you life is that
choose-your-own-adventure
it does amazing question it kind of puts
you in a corner on that one I like tell
ya what song or songs hit you with a
wave of nostalgia every time you hear
them yeah I'd say in the middle because
I kind of remember the moment like when
I first heard it and then I play it
every single day or and I on tour I
played all the time so I have moments in
time every time I play that song or hear
on the radio I can be like oh I remember
being here in this country or this world
or this state country Viet was there and
if the wave just comes back and these
awesome memories just come back so I'd
say that song is number one for me I
feel like almost any journey song for me
I knew you're gonna say yeah sorry mr.
Jackson expect a lot of memories from
high school with you I'm real but it's
like really
brings like a lot of really wonderful
memories that I had in high school with
some of my closest friends and we were
actually going to maybe we're also happy
where it was funny because there was all
friends going with friends like it was
all like a guy we had a group of guy
friends and we've got girlfriends over
all clothes and then was from Jamie it
was just like all the guys asked one of
the girls in the group and it was it was
just so nice it was just all friends
going at night in great time and I just
I don't I just love that song because we
all laughed and sang it and that's great
what was John Wayne's original name
actually you know what kind of it's like
Morrison Morris Morrissey it's not John
Morrison but it's like Morrison
something no leaders I know that much is
because a childhood friends dad was
obsessed with Julia so I know you were
trying to stop me on that one but I kind
of knew it I didn't know that what are
some weird talents that you have okay
this isn't a talent this is something I
don't even know how we discovered it I
can touch my nose with my foot and Ali
can't barely move close to it so that's
I'm like and then I can just go like
that this is our really genuinely trying
to do that like but I like how the
struggle and I just go like that
I see how fast you can do I don't get
one two three go I'm afraid that you're
gonna break this is actually the first
time machine everybody it's I am in a
talent I also know and that's the
closest is the talent and I think I have
what are you both looking forward to the
new year any goals that you want to
accomplish any trips you want to take I
just want to get back and I get healthy
like shape eating better I mean me
pretty well but I just feel like those
are the type of things that I really
look forward to I know they're very
cliche
obviously I can't looking forward to
tour like going everywhere we have some
awesome tour dates there are actually
comings can't tell you yet
you'll find out soon really excited for
that and yeah I mean that's 2018
that's gonna be an awesome year I'm
looking forward to us like
hopefully traveling a little bit more
next year and some really fun and unique
travels with Charles by myself with the
dogs I have a lot of things that I want
to work on next year a lot of things and
I totally procrastinated on them this
year I'm not afraid to admit that but I
definitely want to get back into things
that plans on doing this really I didn't
do well hopefully I can do that and I'm
gonna really work very very hard to do
that actually in the comments what are
you guys looking forward to 2018 what
are your resolutions yeah like what
what's your big goal what's your plans
for 2018 guys let us know in the
comments we literally just told you all
ours I hope you enjoyed today's video
the last question answer of 2017 I guess
we'll see you guys tomorrow as always I
mean we will see guess tomorrow's always
of course we have to subscribe like and
have a great day let us know in the
comments all those questions I asked you
that's your homework so we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always
