just don't know how to make this stuff
stop there was a camera just my damn
right hand now you're upside down slid
people
my way up it's early she made sure to
call her freaks me out like I don't know
why this keeps happening to me like it
just feels so fucking unlucky
you
so I get so freaked out when that
happens - don't ya think you know this
so fucking over this shit like I feel
like I've already fucking done enough
you know I mean like I'm just I'm sorry
if I'm being really vulgar right now so
I'm just kind of angry and disappointed
it just scared and confused and strated
like every friday human emotion right
now is going through my head right now I
don't know how it's doing that my head
is big enough so I guess it makes sense
who are you freaking out are you freaked
out it's okay I'm alright come to go
away see the fuck away from Daddy
it's a fuck away from daddy no more
seizures I can stop dr. Zoe obviously
I'm moving a lot more but let's try the
left hand with vlogging oh look at that
I want to hold you guys right there I'm
gonna drink some orange juice
good morning I want to try to get some
sleep and I can go back of the bed I
think I'm gonna stay down here but daddy
there's a monster in our bed there's no
monster BAM guys I love you so much and
I just wanted to share I was a little
shaky so I love you guys so much and I
just wanted to kind of like share what
was going on uh
I'm gonna get some sleep and hopefully
the rest of the day is magnetic so
shitty because I think Ali comes home in
a few hours which is great I missed the
hell out of her at least sometimes I
just get so angry because I wonder like
if I'm ever I get so concerned and so
scared like if I'm ever gonna have a
normal life ever again without like all
this crap and I get I honestly I get
really depressed like like thinking
about it like really upset because ever
since 2012 what everything started my
life is completely changed obviously and
I just wanted to go not necessarily
obviously it takes some time to go back
but I just wanted to go back to normal
not to say what normal is you know
normal but I just I want to be other
like you know not have to worry about
this every once in a while like it's
just even one day would be nice I'd have
to worry about it because it's something
I constantly have to like think about so
just having one day off not having to
think about this stuff would be freaking
amazing but
sucks over it done tap out I honestly
don't know how people those poor people
like that would have multiple seizures
in a day and I'm sure there's some
people watching this video that deal and
I have no idea how you do it and I see
yes I have so much respect for you it's
one of these just wipes me out like I've
just done I don't one doing and just
want to sleep
so having multiple I just don't know
what you possibly like having wall total
just train you so bad I'm gonna stop
talking out because I need to write off
a couple hours of sleep which I feel a
lot better but the sudden was waking up
I got to show you guys this is the most
adorable thing in the world
Zoe is like watching like a hawk this
what's a higher ground initiation watch
me
yeah make sure nothing happens to you
but we've been babysitting
mr. ty change uncle Charlie from
watching me Toby's been making sure he's
okay too
my mom came over to make sure I was okay
from this morning
oh and I gotta show you guys this this
is insane it's my first Mac laptop
what's the hold this okay because it's
it's gonna be heavy don't drop it on ty
great boy do they just put it on top of
me
you just put on top in school there's
like a little it's guys broken it's
pretty jacked up I think it's seen some
days push yeah I see just in a season
Prabhat drop it good boy
mana clear girls you are play do you
like Melissa oh nice and God Oh nobody
messes with Tyson tasted like yeah it's
like it's my ball huh trick
bunch of tricks ah we had to give Tyson
some earmuffs cuz Marley's so damn loud
what
what I don't want to get tight listen Oh
goofed so today's been my cap out day my
break day my I'm vlogging but I'm not
vlogging day because I just tired I'm
exhausted I think in the early this
morning and I looked at my face I don't
know what this is I think maybe I was
crawling I may have bit the dust like
God every time I get up cuz every time I
you know half a seizure I always take
ativan put on my tongue because it's the
quickest way to your bloodstream which I
did not know that and I dissolves right
into it I went to go get it and I think
I don't want to ever stand up because I
feel like if I stand up you know that's
further from the ground I could just
faceplant
easily what may have happened is either
this is a a pimple or be when I was
crawling I just snuffed my face into the
ground in the carpet and that may be
what this is but I'm not a hundred
percent sure because when I feel it it
feels like a pimple it looks like one
too so I'm just gonna classify as a
stupid red-nosed pimple I just talked to
Ali and she's been on our way home I'm
really excited to see her so long drive
Key West is a freaking long drive it's
like another country essentially Freedom
Tower we were there sorry mom they got
the Apple TV they have some video games
on here and I was playing a game for an
hour which is the longest I've probably
played a video game and I don't know how
long I'm just taking today is my
recovery day because of what happened
and because of all the traveling I'm
just I'm beat and I'm going to go right
now to the store because I'm gonna get
some like velcro like velcro tape
because I want to put these on like all
the remote controls because right now I
have like freaking painters tape and it
doesn't work very well it comes like
right off so that way I can stop losing
things and then I'm going to clean up
the house so Ali comes home to a nice
clean house because it was nice and
clean when I got here so I feel guilty
that in a couple days that I've been
here now he's been gone
trashed it just the place I want to be
right after what happened this morning
but I've got to get things done but at
least I'll feel productive today I
actually have to start chemo again and I
just want to show you this is what I
have to take guys for seizures and it
didn't fucking work is why I'm so bummed
out and pissed off I just started the
ones that are red so that's why I was so
bummed out earlier every single time so
I'm really I really genuinely bummed
today when it all happened
I called Ali like just saying like I was
so over it I was so bummed out look it's
mom look look
uh-huh look she's home I felt my face I
missed you
you see that I haven't seen you I was a
hospital I wasn't good what song
chiffino's wants to do alright Internet
well she's here now
you know don't like on me you're hurting
me honey you can't go anywhere now it's
iron yelling look at that side you make
sure she doesn't go alleys home right
now so I feel much better now that she's
home thank you guys so much for the
support and the love through such a
shitty day today
my brain has had to do a manual restart
today that's what we're just gonna call
it my book I don't just tired a breather
brain reset
you really hit your nose I know I think
I can't plop it down don't forget to
subscribe guys we'll see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
doodles doodles bye that's for like
weeks since we both say like that so I
think you might be pregnant so you're
gonna be a grandma that's a good thing I
guess yeah but I I'm not surviving
