so we have survived the first night it's
kind of a second that cast and now we
are slamming shots of OJ this is how we
do it crazy crazy in the morning get
that vitamin C come on girls get your
vitamin C only oj do your face is not
driving around on the train kaylynn I
just bought all of the tubes in CVS I
don't even know if it's gonna be safer
and I think tonight we're gonna go to a
drag queen show which is I'm gonna get a
guy really awesome I'm really excited
about it kind of funny I was in Macy's
you know playing that show and now I'm
back in Macy's trying to find a wallet I
managed to get a rope I was gonna do a
wallet somewhere around here
I love irony that irony nothing back
here I mean is this a coincidence
Oh Wallace I love days when I'm like
super boring and then we cut to Halle
and she's going crazy or like vice-versa
like alleys super boring and then cuts
me and something crazy going on my end
I love days like that
so I'm doing this live show right now
we're gonna prank my mom I'm very scared
hey mom what do you up to well I just
talked to Holly she's been feeling kind
of nauseous and sick and she had to take
like a pregnancy test and it came up
blue so I think she might be pregnant so
you're gonna be a grandma that's a good
thing I guess I am I really sure if I am
just fuckin with you mom you took that a
lot better than I thought I thought you
were I thought you're gonna kill me
my mom's had a week of shit guys I love
you too mom
bye bye she actually took that better
than I actually thought I was really
expecting her to kill me but I think my
mom just secretly wants to be a
grandmother this is how we're gonna
start her day so we're all debating on
if we're gonna take the tubes out but I
think everybody's feeling a little rough
this morning and we kind of have to
leave them next like a couple of hours
to great to go to dinner we're
- Devall street hey brother
I'm actually kind of in a little bit of
shit right now I was driving the golf
cart and they said my license was kind
of like you've tied cancelled so I'm
kind of like stuck in the holding cell
or whatever they have here that in those
technical I want one phone call I'm kind
of like stuck here and they need
somebody to like bail me out and I don't
know if you're I know it's kind of like
a long shot but before you get all crazy
dude I am fucking with you what I just
want to say you're like the greatest
friend of all time I feel guilty right
now at this point I know I feel like
such an asshole right now I was like
thinking like well maybe he'll say go
fuck you go fuck yourself but like at
this point like I feel like such a
shithead because we're like such a good
friend I'm doing a live show and they
made me do it
that is like the nicest thing man I
really appreciate it now I just seem
like I sing like an asshole while we're
all agreeing with our tubes we got
crystal over here with drinking hand
GoPro in hand scuba gear ready to go hey
girl since we're gonna keep the pranks
rolling today's a prank day I'm gonna
prank Travis and say that our album
leaked on soundcloud like I got hacked
and they album got leaked on soundcloud
so far right now I just feel like a dick
because everyone else has been so nice
like Danny willing to drive and get me
and my mom being really nice
right now I'm hoping for some sort of
not anger but some sort of like it's
okay you know I mean and then let's see
let's see what happens
get him to answer is always a pain in
the ass huh see he doesn't always answer
his phone because he's always a mineral
stuff so well to try them back in a
little bit just arrived at latitudes
which is like a restaurant you have to
promote to get to Inc
taking this is our view okay but I think
this is gonna be probably a crazy
evening so no jokes that is Palin's like
incredible meal everybody take a selfie
idea okay so I kind of have a problem I
was at the Starbucks down here in st.
Pete and I guess I had an issue with
hacking and my computer got hacked and
the entire album got leaked and people
are telling me it's on Soundcloud right
now yeah what do we do was do we just
kind of contact SoundCloud okay way
actually to ask for a strap god dammit
this is turning into a double fragrance
hey dude I saw it on a tumblr like
leaked it on tumblr or something like
that I don't know but people were
tweeting it to me on tumblr yeah I asked
the people at Starbucks today that said
it was like kind of happening a lot at
that particular Starbucks I don't know
maybe I don't know
I would probably find out the know cuz
probably has I can agree thing it's
probably my fault I probably just fucked
anyway trav I can't keep on going man
I'm fucking with you it's a toll prank I
yeah she's still fucking care he's like
yeah whatever I love you so much buddy I
got I guess yeah all that I wanted to
see make sure Jenny never was okay but I
did prank Danny to I told him I was
arrested so little by little I'm losing
my friends incredible islands that we
just had dinner at saying how much we
would just love to have this every
single day of our life because right
there is the Q s I don't know if you
guys would say like okay all that area
it's just like a private island and it's
absolutely beautiful we had one of the
best
I never had one of the worst parts about
traveling is that there's never any food
when you come home sorry there's been
this mosquito flying around and chasing
it all frickin night I don't want to get
dengue after that crazy week that we've
had I feel like I deserve a frickin
treat just don't tell Valley
Who am I kidding she's probably eat that
whole thing by herself star food love
star fruit nut nut Marley get in house
Marley no there's nothing in here for
you
did everyone protect the house I
appreciate that but I don't think a big
monster came to try to get in the house
oh that sucks when you can't drive get
groceries sucks when you if you're
hopeful if you could drive do you want
to drive next time well I I feel like
it's safer if they drive
so Chris let's good luck for a year
she's gonna do all our scratch offs
Oh
so for dinner I'm just gonna make some
chicken sausage sandwiches or chickens I
don't know fucking a chicken sausage
sandwich mmm
deliciousness I don't know if you guys
saw it I think was like taking over the
internet today about the whole like UFO
thing here's a quick little like photo
of what I'm talking about
get a little debate in the comments to
see what you guys thought about it
because people are thinking like I think
that maybe was saying it was a test
rocket but in my opinion if it was a
test rocket I feel like that's a dumbest
place you can possibly test a rocket or
missile over Los Angeles like it's just
like what if something that goes bad you
weren't going into Los Angeles and City
think one of the most populated cities
I'm not gonna say it's aliens honestly I
don't know if you guys know this about
me but I'm kind of obsessed with space I
don't know if it's kind of obvious or
not but I wanted to kind of get your
thoughts and opinions on whether or not
like aliens exist and I'm not really
necessarily talking about the hourglass
eyes you know like the ones from like
signs or something like Hollywood aliens
but I'm thinking more like an other
lines of like a cellular level they okay
that's hardware to say like if you
really think about this okay I want to
do an example okay this is gonna be an
example for you guys this pumpkin was
gonna call this pumpkin universe okay
this is pumpkin universe and then when
you think about it because this is the
universe I'm going to show you guys what
we are in this universe if this is the
universe we as humans are pretty much
like this this is actually probably more
generous probably it's probably more
like on the lines of like that kind of
thing but if you think about this let's
take pumpkin universe there just has to
be something like out there it's just
too big so I wanted to get kind of like
a little debate in the comments or just
kind of see what you guys thought
whether or not you think aliens exist or
I should just say if life-forms exist
somewhere in the universe so tell me in
the comments what you guys think there's
really no right or wrong answer unless
you know for a fact that aliens in which
case give me a call
completely honest it feels so weird
right now the new medicine that I'm
supposed to try to take help with the
seizures and all that stuff on chemo
it's called La Rica and I was the first
time we were taking it and I feel
completely out of it right now so I'm
gonna go straight to bed I hope you guys
enjoyed my stupid little pranks
little by little I'm gonna piss off my
face don't forget to subscribe and I'll
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night
yes shit all over your face
yeah
