I'll go for a car ride Hey
yeah good good morning I know good
morning good morning everyone's having a
good morning I'm back
what are you doing oh Jesus hold that
thank you hold that one thanks mark
appreciate it you're supposed to hold it
I hold that one then as you suck at this
hold that you son of a bitch come here
want to wear Cape me you're gonna be a
superhero okay so what Melissa comes to
get you you're gonna be a superhero yeah
your superhero doctor duh I have the
strangest dog in the world well go hang
out with Tyson is this does this make me
a bad person to watch this I don't feel
like it does cuz I know she's smarting
off you know like if she ever gets see
look it she's already out
you're so close so close you did it
you're smart enough I'm not a horrible
person am i that bad why are you falling
all over the place we survived the first
night here are the ladies getting all
ready for our adventure today
Hulu beautiful
so right now crystal and I are like
waiting for the girls because we didn't
go on the boat too choppy it was like
way too choppy we were just kind of like
hanging out having a few drinks I know
look at this can you see the skirt it's
insane but we think that's them like
right they're suppose to finally got our
play button these congratulations so I
I'm here to make a technician visit
because my sister can't figure out how I
give her my old Apple TV so we're trying
to figure out how to make it work on our
house in her house I should say no life
is so rough Marlene so the girls all
survived the awesome scuba trip so we're
ending well not really ending we're
starting the evening with having dinner
at this awesome place that Krystle and I
were just saying at but Chris Clary has
gotta get a picture first so I don't
know if you guys know what's going on
with Kai it's in Wilson Phil's video you
can go watch her video what is that
going on so if you watch muslin Phil's
video you can get all the details of
what's gonna happen but basically it's
right here you can see it yeah he
doesn't look like Popeye right now but
they think they might have to just
because it hasn't metastasized into any
part of his other body that they might
have to amputate that leg to keep it
from spreading
mr. ty
you're good you're strong dude he's a
strong dog like I'm just petting it into
the space and just like stop it I want
to look at that food like the best years
of your life become my friend maybe we
can find like a like a hovercraft kind
of thing for him we can teach arresting
hoverboards we can teach my news one
that sound fun bud
can we give him like a tiger like what's
up save your money game with Tiger Lily
we're transplanting that'd be awesome
a big giant bear paw you want a bear paw
boy yeah I got Bear Paw be the toast of
the town on that thing
sure Marie now is like he doesn't use
his legs so it's kind of like mosa
has dubbed it his zombie leg his face it
just looked so sad suggest I would look
him up the crunchy I know he's like I
would like another crunch ball go stop
making all the noise get back in the
house
thank you for listening well yeah make
sure you go check out my sister's
channel so you can watch the whole the
whole process with mr. ty I can totally
tell when you've done something bad look
at your feet look at it that woman I can
tell you've done something bad you're so
embarrassing now you're not going back
outside dude we just can't catch a break
now we're Siward buddies we got a
special bond now I have a problem doing
all the time all the time oh I can't
wear sweat pants like adolescent guys
you're now totally let me write that
down you guys now now oh these videos
always trying to take a turn please go
check out Melissa's channel and give
Tysons some support and follow his
journey you want to be in the camera I
love how he always removes his head but
he looks his eyes
just like that
he's gonna be okay guys don't worry
about it we went holistic eight months
ago ways go back to it right and he like
he responded really well to it then we
found out he might not have had cancer
so we kind of got off of it so he's his
body reacts walking he's gonna be well
got a buddy he's probably so happy right
now
it's bright light er now - we need to
get him a wheelchair yeah what what are
you doing hey hey hey what is this whole
debate that's a big-ass snake what are
you doing she loves your yard though
there's definitely a large animal living
down there what's up put your hand in
here why hey what are you doing what are
you doing what are you doing now I gotta
go home look at your face just all
over your face
owls have their little fanny packs you
got our hive you got shirts we're ready
barley is literally just sitting there
judging oh you wanna come out now you
see that bee nest or whatever that is
think so he got stung again you know
that little dot on Zoey's nose I always
show you she did the exact same thing
and then she went back for more go check
her face she got another one their hair
is all disheveled he's so not
presentable you're embarrassing me Zoe
you're embarrassing she's hung over his
face too is perfect for that you got
this far
come on ma you gotta stay out of the
road grass so he's taking Phil for a
walk come on ty signo I'm gonna pee
right here first mom's gonna pass gas
because she farted so yeah we see you
too not even kidding he jumped up there
by himself is that determined nothing's
gonna hold him down no leash no freakin
thing in his mouth now I just like swole
for all the girl dogs we're gonna have
to do a lot of curls on this on this
side okay the curls get the girls gotta
get it out all right got even it out you
gonna chill up there get that squirrel
bar
treating us with a big giant bone good
boy that's like your crime you're the
crime committed a little color wipers
yes you were we got a mermaid right here
singing the Milky Way small smart we're
trying to fit all 13 of these bachelors
oh we're only on our second job and
welcome Christmas card
maybe
thank you so much for watching today's
video and I want to say thank you so
much for supporting my sister and Phil
and mr. Tyson through this crappy
situation we all know he's a strong dog
and he'll get through it but you know
it's always nice to have the support
from you guys as you guys always have
been like that so anyway don't forget to
subscribe and we'll see you guys
tomorrow as always have a good night
okay
but we're all probably gonna pass out
very very soon it's been a long night
and only 10 p.m.
my crazy sister I'm really nothing she's
really had no hair I think what we're
gonna do is we're gonna play three games
tonight and then pass out so let's eat
