good morning Internet we are going home
back at the airport
so we're already nicer off the morning
light I've gone completely to the wrong
side of the airport yeah I got my sister
and we're heading to Claire's house
because we are on our way to the keys to
our Clare's bachelorette party which
like I said yesterday you wouldn't take
it really easy but I feel so good today
it's awesome
it's really early it's like 6:30 in the
morning but happy happy happy I'm not
kidding I actually think I broke my toe
I've been limping the entire day is
there way to tell if you actually built
the toe these are like a test other than
moving and hurts like hell
this looks so daunting New York sweet
all right now time to go
you
we have stopped at a gas station and
P everybody's happy it's been an awesome
trip so far it's been a long trip six
seven hours six hours but we are almost
there like maybe two hours away there's
David I once had a David our dude Santa
Ellen for me from the time-lapse birdie
I filmed from LaGuardia Tampa I actually
filmed from the entire take off the
landing which is kind of the first time
I ever did that though the entire flight
to our flight three-hour flight is in
like four or five minutes it'd be kind
of a cool little experiment I'll
probably put this on the YouTube icon /
trippy channel I'll put a link in the
description if you guys want to watch
the whole flight
heydon't we've made it we've officially
made it to the keys guys did you survive
the trip it was there's a long walk this
is awesome so these are like the little
rooms this is a pretty amazing place
that we're sitting at and we're like
right can't see right now but we're
right out on the canal so we're gonna
jump in the water just getting enough
good to be here
but obviously when you go anywhere for
any period of time you come back and you
have nothing but bills and things to go
through but I also have goodies I got
the Apple to eat
that's a goodie so it's like Christmas
to me right now and most are fills and
bring the girls over the bachelorette
pad has I think I made some pretty damn
good progress
hey little butt heads high butt heads hi
hi yep hello be good very quiet
I like how quiet you guys are just if
that filmmaker nice and quiet and then I
that happens on okay all right miss you
I miss you miss you do Bernie and I
believe starting on Monday I got
actually restart the chemo I start chemo
on Monday and they wanted to put me on
this new type of like seizure medicine
called I don't remember what it's called
actually I'll tell you guys in a little
bit
Oh heaven and they're hoping that might
help ease out the whole situation so we
gotta start that before everything you
know I don't pick everything up right
now sort of busy more the girls are
starting off with what that's gonna be
I don't even know this but this is for
sure though hey I hear you run outside
nope nope you drop my Jared you drop
pick it up pick it up you pick it up no
no no I honestly don't think Ali let you
do that no I don't think she let you do
that that doesn't sound like something
she'd let you do are you making you're
making things up why are you making
things up nobody likes a liar you miss
me
look at me look at me don't look at me
look at me look at me I'm not properly
introduced this is the bachelorette of
the weekend miss Claire bear my sister
from another mister crystals working
your magic so yummy
all right look at this screensaver I was
looking at it and I was like holy crap
this car reminds me of look at
ghostbusters okay does that not look
like the Ghostbuster car right there
am I just losing my mind because but in
there when San Francisco weren't the
ghost was another one said there were
New York City jobs for an idiot so right
now I've been pretty much bogged down
all my awesome laundry and I've been by
the way guys I'm listening to the
Martian right now that's on audible as
you guys know we always have a good
audible book club right now this is
gonna be our Book of the Month guys if
you didn't know audibles a sponsor of
the CTFxC vision so if you go to
audible.com CTFxC and get a free book
see the reason why I'm doing it will
always see in the book is better than
losing Frank and I really want to see
the freakin movie that's the case I'm
gonna like listings of a book I don't
kind of read it right now so it's
perfect for me to just go and they'll
blow around and do all the things that
clean up a house do my freakin dirty
laundry so much of it I've literally two
bags full right now
so this month if you give a treat book
of a month or book of the whatever it's
gonna be the Martian to the audible.com
slash CTFxC and get your free now we
come to the free book you don't still
have to get this one you can get any
other book if you want there's comedy
ones which I some youtuber books in
there I just wanted to do this one so
you can go to browse audible and you can
find bestsellers you can find some
comedy books I always like comedy ones
because often they have the comedian's
reading it which is often very funny for
me
so guys go check it out let me know if
you guys have any other books
suggestions
this was one that you guys suggested for
me to do before watching the movie as
well that's why I'm kind of doing this
and taking you guys advice by the way I
brought the pumpkin help look I brought
the pumpkin home look pretty stoked and
I brought a little pumpkin home that
somebody made for a li a little minion
pumpkin but I brought it home I'm pretty
stoked on that I want to do this for me
hey dawn they'll be very helpful to you
now about two pumpkins home where how do
you wanna get by that what's going on
here what the Hat goodbye hey where you
going to scooper scoop seriously I want
to say thank you to out of all that time
for always being an awesome sponsor the
Cynthia to anymore go girl audible.com
guys that CTFxC get your free audiobook
last but not least what are you doing
changing here oh good well we're all
probably gonna pass out very very soon
it's been a long night and it's only
10:00 p.m. my crazy sister oh I'm really
nothing she's really hot I think what
we're gonna do is we're gonna play a few
games tonight and then pass out so we'll
see you tomorrow I'm gonna kill you
alright guys well I'm gonna kind of
watch some TV and gonna edit the video
and kind of go to bed a little bit early
freakin exhausted right now
hey Zoe did you miss me do you miss me
okay I'm stopping mr. Chu dude thank you
guys so much for watching today's video
and we will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night
dudes bye guys where's Marley this your
money miss yeah
on a short short swing though
considering what Danny is going through
or hats on through this entire wing we
have to give it up for because killed it
nailed it Danny's half dead he's still
play
