good morning Internet I just saw this
our hotel all right guys last day in the
city and of course rain right now
actually going over to Best Buy we'll
pick up a new camera that it found that
actually is smaller so it might mean
less dropping
Who am I kidding I forgot to drop it
anything so I'm gonna get the warranty
either way I don't know where all the
other guys are we have to go the show in
like a couple hours so I want to do this
first and then meet everyone at the
Macy's this is no joke the line for just
the chick-fil-a yes it just got that
here in New York City the first thing
like waiting for like the iPhone 7 or
iPhone 6 all the way back here
I think it's like sixth Avenue it's
friggin insane
he's foreclosed chicken salmon New York
Public Library any Network Ghostbusters
the first scene goes mr. see those
busters that ghost was to I think it
actually happens here doesn't it just
guilt
I don't know why that's green but it's
green that's so weird and gross at the
same time oh by the way guys we're on
the new camera right now it's so much
lighter I feel like I'm gonna drop this
thing way way less I didn't know this
thing did 60 frames per second but it
does so now I'm super happy going to the
show I was just telling Danny that this
thing feels like you know like for
example if anyone could play that
baseball you know like those little like
cement like they're called doughnuts you
put at the end of our baseball bat when
you swing it before you go you know up
the bat and it convicts to feel like you
know like the bats lighter just gonna
like a perspective type of thing it kind
of feels like that because that other
camera is so freakin heavy and then this
one is this
it feels so light I love it I'm so glad
I found it do they don't have it just on
display or anything like that you either
want to be in a movie
holy crap
original bootleg movies by the way yet
Danny is still alive it's just a little
bit sick he's got a virus no we just
have dengue he got some shots he's got
some roses bro hey how are you just
talking to the internet how to eat to
actually play the show which is kind of
crazy because if I was Danny I probably
at home in the fetal position right now
we're getting ready to go to show right
now at Macy's
you guys remember everything was a few
years ago I know American Rag is on the
third floor so go straight you have to
try to find out what we're supposed to
go this is just like last time daijobu
something this Macy's is
I think we're supposed to be down here
found it hi snacks hi JJ found Danny -
so we've guessed it this is actually
where a plan oh there's your green room
there Danny right there you can change
the brightness of the lights like in the
evening that's what I look like in the
office this is what I look like outdoors
kind of cool old splinter yesterday
I did it raced back to where I was where
I was amazed that was me he saved you he
saved you I went in gold instead of wait
this time we're just getting some
clothes on Oh God take whatever this is
this okay yeah all right all right so my
luggage is completely full so we are
going to go see if we can find some
luggage why we're here
damn it if you knew about it
yeah son of a bitch I wanted the alarm
well savvy what did the alarm to go off
so bad
but anyways Oh seriously I gotta find
some luggage because mine's completely
full I don't think I'll be able to get
anything home yeah they have like 50%
off right there
optical illusion definitely doesn't work
here Frank bring your head like vocalist
and
I can't makes me wanna throw up so the
key is to find something that will take
me all over the world not break and not
get stolen it's got to be one of those
ones that you know it differentiates
itself the did that might mistake it
probe like there's and then I take it
home make things even more interesting
we're all gonna wear it Christmas
sweaters this one's mine
where's the one color you go where no no
sleeves let's wrap her life well who's
gonna wear this one again sleeves I get
through Santa so we're gonna sneak it
back way
Duncan it looks like you have a rat tail
right now no just your your cords get a
nice loooong ready I know there's a
little bit well this one's not as old
the other one this has metal on it the
other ones tray of wood to the stage
Duncan you some girl shoes what's the
best to Johnson adventure I guess Oh
wrong way this all the reject clothing
no this is all like Jack stock Oh back
stock so when you guys say you're out of
stuff you're really lying yeah you
understand me you all hang on let me go
look this is where it is oh wow did we
lose people we had chances to poop
you're kidding
burning hot in here I would I'll do
right now we get on the other end of
this you just wearing that like how I
feel like my ears are popping
looks like you're gonna hit your head
well that was fun and short short sweet
though considering what Danny is going
through or has gone through this entire
week we have to give it up for because
killed it killed it
Danny's half dead he's still play they
got live models here there are the fake
ones they got real models real
mannequins they talked model off the
next 3d printer they have some nice flow
but what they're doing is they're print
that's obviously not jewelry or what is
that a cup so they print some stuff it
looks like a chain to a bike and then
they can buy it so we were trying to
find the models again but they're gone
so unfortunately we missed them so now
we're just looking around walking around
because the green room right now smells
like Turkey and various other meats and
I'm done verge that kind of treated
ourselves to brand new luggage because
we have like a lot of traveling coming
up with Australia and New Zealand and
the one I'll show you guys mind
falling apart treat yo self it's not
August but you know who didn't shoot
yourself today we're gonna convert his I
was way cooler way cooler look at that
guy with his tiny suitcase look at it
anyway guys last night in New York City
can I'm exhausted
it has been a long freaking week good
fun though I wish I had time to do like
one of those like montages of what we
did this week like you know big a little
bubble over my head right now
remember that one time we did this dirty
clothes various pumpkins I want to bring
that pumpkin back still for Ally so now
I can yeah you like the new camera you
look a lot better you don't look so
dreary I think I broke a toe by the way
guys I don't want to look and see what
it looks like later pizza cuz everyone
has like plates and they're like three
in the morning we get to the airport all
three of them week three in the morning
I have to get going
well last night we have to do it it's
kind of like in the situation where Ali
was what you couldn't like really eat
anything so I decided to bring him some
gelato hopefully you'll be able to eat
that because I'm a good friend leave in
New York look as well the cards go I
hope you enjoyed this frickin adventure
that we've had don't forget to check out
the new poster at CTFxC Merce calm and
don't forget to subscribed as a brand
new have a great night we'll see you
guys tomorrow Zoe
gotta leave now Wow I don't know say
right now let's think about that day
like think about like all these
buildings in this entire area was
completely
destroy well they called it
so crazy harsh killer that's brilliant
