good morning Internet so today's our
last day off in New York tomorrow
playing a show and then we fly home the
next day so Ben and I are just kind of
wandering around trying to find
something to do not really sure what to
do today we'll find something fun
business is literally on two phones at
the same time
honestly one 0:08 they just put on my
card and have a reverse
business guy over here is on two phones
at once I'm sitting like an idiot right
now time to go to
sir
two things one you're in the bike lane
and two you're going the wrong direction
and you're speeding and for that thing's
awesome three speeding yeah anyway so as
you can see in that last clip Ben was
saying something about the flights going
home on the six and I looked at my hat
see what kind of I had no flavor anyway
so that was me doing some super New York
business stuff we're both cell phones in
my head terrible stuff stocks stocks
bonds bonds sell sell buy Johnson case
give more to the Johnson case synergy
synergy I love that word synergies like
the best work in the world do you have a
favorite here like the rainbows vest
it's like best of both ways rainbows
good got all of them I do feel like I
kind of ripped off on the rainbow
situation though I just got America
right here so good well yeah I think
Bend rocking out the beanie oh yeah
shameless self-promotion I know
one of the downfalls of all of this is
the fact that I feel like I'm so lazy
I'm trying to kind of kind of look like
hell right now and I really don't feel
that bad just so that like my immune
system is a little bit down so I kind of
have to rest and with rest comes being
lazy and that's just kind of hard for me
to be so lazy I'm trying to get a little
bit of work done
I know char and I have been kind of
communicating back and forth he's been
super super busy out and New York we
have some awesome new stuff that's gonna
be coming out with his CTFxC so right
now I'm trying to work with him trying
to get make sure we can get all that out
then I actually am leaving at the end of
the week and he'll be coming back so
we're gonna miss each other for another
like four or five days so trying to get
everything ready for Christmas and end
of the year so you guys keep your eye
out we have some really fun stuff coming
it's like a mirage I actually see green
grass and foliage I haven't seen this on
I'm kidding other than trees probably
the entire week I've been here who they
haven't gone to Central Park yet I'm
just used to seeing grass everywhere and
the dogs tipping is I've always been
considered
living in the city sometimes but then I
was like see poor dogs like walking up
down like sidewalks
I don't think Zoe Marlowe would actually
be able to like poop on the street
although Zoe would she'd be able to do
that horse blood or the tornado poop or
what I call Torpedo poops she'd be able
to do that you guys hear that right now
exactly I think I'm the loudest person
on this street right now no cool points
if you know what movie that's from how
much is that pee in the window oh there
it is just twenty two hundred dollars on
sale the best part is he's just having
fun it was just like so awesome killing
it man perfect man all right another
cool points if you guys know what TV
show features this sign in this area
right here probably a lot but one
specific one I'm thinking if you guys
get it tell me in the comments so I have
to get Marlee her medicine okay there
you go that's for you take it take it
take it there you go okay are you scared
of it are you kidding me oh oh well
there you go
marlis have at it you want some twos oh
well I guess diesel doesn't want me this
freedom tower where the World Trade
Center was actually this whole area was
I've never been here I feel like this is
kind of something I had to do I really
wanted to do be here I don't know if I
can go up there
but it's that's like I don't know that
actually that is it at two times it's
like 120 something at fire state
buildings like a hundred oh it's like
Dwarfs never see broke
King Kong could not climb that thing so
we're gonna go check out the reflecting
ponds where the actual buildings were I
figured since we're all the way down
this far we should probably go you know
check it out see there's an example at
the skyline was talked about obviously
that's what we're looking at it all tall
it is compared to everything else this
is it this is where they were was were
one of them where it was the other one
right over there they really did a nice
really nice nice job on this so really
respectful job people like the flowers
great
Wow
 with your head your emotions take
all the metaphors of it all to sinking
down to the been and I would just talk
about like how like if you just look at
this footprint right here you know this
is the area where a big giant skyscraper
was this is all the area it took to put
something tall in the area I've got to
make guys very surreal very I don't know
what kind of emotions it is like
to be at this kind of place and remember
I remember exactly where I was when I
when I saw this I was in history class
and we turned it on everyone thought it
was fate obviously didn't know what to
think
girl where you were
walking from
head creeps me out that they say let the
air you know cuz a JFK's over there so
our planes still fly by push me out just
a little bit still this is not close
they were actually at there was one
there's the other I'm assuming this is
the South one and that's the North Tower
they were that close this is really
gonna give you Burt ago you got tall
this is I don't think about that day
like make you a little bit like you
think about like all these buildings as
the entire area was completely destroyed
well like all this
so so crazy bar should get away from
that super lap what there's another
airplane
I'd agree it's very diesel the time has
come my friend
you destroyed the pool you're not gonna
catch a lizard I say give up so honestly
guys I've not wanted to leave this spot
I feel like I've been so boring lately
and I'm so sorry I usually have so much
more life in me but I'm kind of like
just I don't know but oh my god I've got
my blood John so much my arms aren't so
bad yesterday I had my blood drawn like
three or four times I hate like went
down got it John went up to go see my
doctor they sent me back down twice some
samples to a Health Department because
they're correlating with Hawaii's Health
Department it's trying to you know crack
down on all this to make sure that
everybody's healthy and fine and but it
promised you guys I'll be back to normal
really really soon I mean that was
diesel that was people
right on the money nope so I can't come
here without going to the Apple store
and then bean age photo video which I
think it's right around the corner and I
have to go there it's like the coolest
place in the world I think everyone here
one time and holy I just realized
then that with no bends you want
actually meet up with some high school
friends they get to you guys you guys ok
guys so this is where cameras are born I
gotta go see just a research to see if I
can find a better blogging camera I
don't know if you guys are nerdy but
this is pretty freakin cool and now
they're not all bulky you can actually
so super thin that'll be something that
I'll have to like write down for later
clearly these 3d printers there's a mask
can you fit my head I had to Big Buddha
that are they so funny if you like made
that and I just think buried it and play
the trick on somebody so I was looking
at this one cuz it does like 4k and
super slow-mo if I wanted it to think I
heard that these I can slam on the
ground 50 times and they won't break
this is probably my type of camera but
the price sounds like crap this might be
one that we can use kind of looks kind
of cool too and apparently it's got the
same sensor and it's smaller picking in
new cameras they trying to find a brand
new puppet for you try to make you guys
happy all these key guys quality is key
he asked for stuff and it goes he gets
it and it brings it back here
the news I'm starting to feel a little
bit better just like I said just a
little worn out just a little worn out
so doctors gave me the okay to go and
I'm going to then we just gotta make
sure that I get everything packed and
ready to go tonight because we leave
early in the morning excuse me I think
you're in my spot that's your tail wagon
over there you look too comfortable I
don't even want you to move I literally
haven't had a Tater Tot so remember that
camera is showing you guys earlier I
think it's that think we might have a
new camera for the CTFxC they did some
research I think it might be the best
bet for us it just blows my mind like
almost midnight we're gonna pick up a
new camera did my research at B&H but
these guys have the best quality for me
as you guys already know do you know why
I'm here
you know why we like my warranty all
right guys we're gonna leave you a
little treasure hunt here in the Union
Square that's why all right so you have
to come look for this photo and send it
to us
we were defeated so we've been sitting
here waiting for somebody to just get
the camera nobody wants to take my money
apparently I'm willing to your money for
stuff a transactions anyone no one just
imagine if login in 2000 close
this imagines walking you guys in 370
always how many is up there guys with
this so after waiting they don't have
the camera so we're gonna go home and
that's we're gonna get camera there you
go one drink subtract any way so we'll
get the new camera already at home
that'll be something we're gonna look
forward to together so Ben and I gonna
walk home right now I was just kind of
crazy yesterday in the last three or
four days since Ben and I but pretty
much walking our asses off I think we're
on like seven or eight miles a day at
least which is awesome I feel amazing it
really allows for these donuts and these
cannolis and these awesome terribly
things bad things for us alright guys
like that hope you enjoyed today's video
and all the cool stuff that we've been
doing the last couple days anyway don't
forget to check out the new poster that
CTFxC merch sicom go get one now so you
can put on your your wall don't forget
to subscribe and we'll see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
toodles
oh my god is this Travis Luther King
Travis Bowie the king cookies on Apple
keeping here right now
oh my god the entire time
