good morning internet so yesterday we
started beating day a little bit more
crazy than normal but actually just lock
the doors I just wanted to show you why
we did what we did and why you should
never do it because the opportunity was
there already doesn't do it at all other
there's think normally go they go like
this this as far as they go but we had
an opportunity yesterday and we took it
so you have no idea where we're talking
about go watch yesterday's video intro
so Ben's going down the damn stairs I'm
waiting for the elevator yes are you
have a camera on my head too so oh come
on seriously he's gonna totally kill me
come on faster faster faster as if this
is working that's your fester fester
okay I might actually win this no I do
another loses totally frozen eggs in
line to get a cookie he's already
getting her cookie I'm so dizzy
yeah Oh what its gonna go let's go
well
she's a Swami
go get closer dress here put the hat on
your head
drives during the road now and they're
just eating their euros hey why don't
you go maybe to buy some shirts I don't
know why my voice sounds like that I
don't think we can never buy it well
that's great to do it all create
Anakin's in general agreement we're
getting some clothes right now we're at
the macy's I'm thirty-fourth Street and
really playing here trapped where we
will be playing here right we're getting
playing here on the 5th so it's a free
show like I said before if you guys here
I'm fifth in New York City yeah come and
hang out but we're getting some clothes
that wants to wear some clothes from the
store obviously they weren't where I
can't wear my tattered favorite jeans in
the world what I'm gonna find some cool
stuff about all these escalators are
I think is the very first baseman too
Ali be freaking out right now
easterwood in that metal scary metal get
your butt oh there I am that's so
surreal that's weird no I was on this
one this is the one I was on hey he's
famous no it's true but
I was sitting in the back laughing that
was the most dangerous thing I think
we've ever done there's my stupid head
right there hey remember that time that
we oh we had to take a shirt off that
was in Brazil that was probably 2013
2012 2012 got surgery this is present
stuff i wish i had out of there because
i suck at dressing myself i just wear
the same pants over and over and over
clean i have part of seven pairs of
these type of pants and they all have
holes in them which goes straight from
like you're black or white shirts so
this is where I need alley style nailed
it are you going up this time TV I don't
think
we downplay
so I think the real joke on me is that
man has the key so no matter what I'm
gonna be at the way you made it I'm
actually pretty to him abreast now what
it's like that wasn't our elevator that
would have been even funnier are you
ready to rock walk to the apple store my
mom looks calla lilies at my funeral
that's 22 flights down
the other
what
gotcha that's it you go that slow come
on get in it go go go cuz when i had i
see i totally to do that but when i had
the arm wrestling with the Roman at
fousey I think I hurt my arm so i can't
really do it right now oh that's why
yeah that's all i all right we're going
to my favorite place ever then if you
have better right to an apple store no
the Fifth Avenue the first I'm not in
there my favorite place in New York is
the fifth out of an apple store oh shoot
I eat the room key let's see how New
York handles the Emergencies my guys
fight oh my god didn't realize that boom
Dom he's a definition of the king yeah
I don't mean to do anything and then
hire any part will be the Hat ambos hits
him and they can't I can't put him in
there like no won't already busy we got
to do something else no telling what
we're going to be coming back with
honestly it's kind of dangerous having a
little bit of spinning yes right freshly
in New York
busy train that's what we just got off
on takes freaking sardines look at that
right here Japan over
things keep touching you yeah I feel
like they're like a germ test on here
just to see how much is on here I would
never ever come back down here I knew
Ben's gonna get some street meat maybe
just the frickin trim ago that I am I
just couldn't do it oh look at this so
much by the way look what we found the
cube here's a little history guys these
used to be sectioned off into like I
think maybe like little cute squares and
they actually before see job side got
them all removed to have just like like
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten out of twelve pieces of glass
instead looks cool looks cooler but I
mean really I don't know it was really
worth millions of dollars but no apple
just that table I was talking about
only a couple of these in a couple world
right now you got you fish
all right before they come because the
entire reason I wanted
or not like the other one
it's just for this table such a useless
table but it's kinda cool hope that fish
look it's swimming then you to scare it
Skerritt scare it scare the fish aren't
you can you do anything else with us
we're just hook the fish that's by far
stupidest cable I've ever seen
so they need you to America there we go
talked up I killed myself damn it should
have done that
I know these idiots oh my god is this
travis we the kings it's travis muy the
Kings look he's on Apple TV here we are
not fucking you right now oh my god how
do you he's here too is like a regular
person do that to you the entire time is
just waiting to do that to you I'll take
a picture oh my god is travis from with
the Kings doesn't Charlie time factor go
straight through the roof
you guys cleaning it right now
whew that was fun like Disney World for
me
am i right now
red white and blue that looks frickin
awesome I'm going to try to meet up with
Melissa I think Ben's coming with us or
he's gonna go meet up with some friends
oh that person always wiped out right
there man and I were just talking on a
subway like it's only like it was like
six o'clock and i was like freaking
exhausted that goes like midnight in
today every slept in so somehow i found
myself in little italy you can't help
but think something in one of these
restaurants it's going down right now
it's just like think of every freaking
mafia movie or anything like that any
one of these restaurants nice and quiet
and then all of a sudden somebody's
gonna knock down a wall everything's
going to go to shit Moses here okay same
cars the same thing right yeah by the
way look at found these idiots I was
this idiot and not idiot somebody was
like um where you going I'm like a
little like cafe nopalito you know no
here's how bad it was both of you guys
thought that we were literally going to
the restaurant little little did you
think of it a little italy the
restaurant well you wrote it like dot
dot dot little italy well because Katie
goes for we're going it'll it up
annalisa well careful careful careful
it's very very you know which restaurant
I was like oh well the sturgeon you
wrote it like dot dots you put here's
the directions ellipses little it'll
well because I thought it was because
those about my phone let's traffic Oh be
careful everything and there's an
Italian fire hydrant again Mexico has
sneaking sure it's a badass flat
actually Mexico's got a badass foot yeah
it's called Emma washed in three days
get your hair cut there's no friends got
the message we do have a lame acute
shower Jose that how you came out of the
womb Hulk baby hi take a photo halt baby
good old snacks is this it out right now
that cannoli takes two to three weeks to
make his over three hundred dollars and
weighs four babies is the holy cannoli
so one of the things you guys have been
wanting us to do for a while is have a
brand new poster so we finally made one
here's a little sneak peek right here if
you go to CTFxC merge calm you can get a
brand new poster that Zoey Marley diesel
ally and myself the thing is we're gonna
do a limited run so it's gonna be a
first-come first-served basis so if you
want to go get this poster go to CTFxC
merce comm links down in the description
here's another little sneak peek I think
it's actually one of my favorite photos
of all time of all those together
because i feel like it genuinely just
conveys our goofiness and i thought it
would be an amazing idea for a poster so
go check it out guys and get one before
they're all sold out hope you enjoyed
today's video and have a great night
doodles lay on a beam at eat a hotdog I
get vertigo every time I look up
don't have them gold
other stairs
how do i get done
all right I'll give you this
like to go over that
