day two days the mean green
Ben and I are trying to be mysterious
hilbert's okay are we good Justine
ceiling there we go okay holy she's got
a freaking arm I know I'm sorry I'm just
so got the muscles over here see I can't
even catch them there you go there in
ellicott stop playing you guys are so
quiet
going to split goat this free atmospher
alley that's amazing this is my friends
soul why she's wanted to say hi ending
the meet greet right now I got two
special friends right here they just
wanted to say hi and we're almost done
gotta go back to work guys Oh thing one
thing two haha look at that you're
welcome thing one there you go so you
look at that trippy oh look at that so
adorable magazine the adorable i miss
valley in the love scene hey we gave
them our ball last time so i think i
give them back our ball this is a
special sneak preview of that I reveal
our that's so meta so good I can even
see your reflection in it this is a
really an exciting shot it's like you
should make videos for a living things
we haven't won yesterday too yeah there
you go you're welcome Mary Henry
all right I'm gonna throw it all right
ready go you got a new toy you may keep
it sorry penny I'll find you want to you
want a friends you come on I don't know
if you guys know this man he's one of
the YouTube legends if you don't know go
to mediocre films no that's nice shit
you gotta do it that is nice I was
actually one of the uh actually one of
the first of videos I've ever done
mm-hmm my collaboration was with this
man right here yeah this young lady over
here directs a series called the guild
back in the day do you say you produced
it I'm Steve enjoy cups are produced it
I corrected you directed him oh it was a
tag team over here wed the star was my
internet celebrity crush was what most
felicia day she was my internet slip
slip into alley already knows this I'm
sorry this is my internet crunch right
here good answer good answer haha I'm so
that's so funny that's like 1930s of New
York City right there right doug is 54
do you guys know that you know Ali's
terrified of escalators cuz the sudden
drop look at this so it's nice and long
so people don't fall and kill themselves
honey I think we found your favorite
escalator ever Duncan's favorite thing
in the world
duggan is your best friend hi Jeff gif I
got a toy top there we go go get it I'm
sorry I'm terrible at the awful person
I'm a terrible person your dog's gonna
get jealous actually up my dog can
breakdance though how many dogs can
breakdance yeah this is Marley okay but
does your dog wear t-shirts she does
when she won't stop bitching get
distracted I gotta go do stuff bye Ryan
by jeff i miss my dogs dogs freaking
adorable but Marley and so you're pretty
freaking adorable and Marla can't
frickin breakdance and Zoe can act like
a dinosaur security don't let him throw
he's not supposed to be through here but
we have somebody got to bring him a piss
off no he's not allowed through I know
so today you're more busy than yesterday
this is constant going like I said
yesterday so I'm going down because we
the kings are doing an acoustic thing
right now I forgot to tell you guys we
the kings will be playing November fifth
at the Macy's I think I'm thirty-fourth
Street at 5pm I think it's like Carmen
square or something like that November
fit a free show we're going to be
playing a small little free show inside
macys so if you guys want come to a free
show the river fifth inside harmon
squares macy's i think it's a mission I
think it's a 30 to take the oldest
Macy's you guys probably know what I'm
talk about it better than I am
completely forgot about telling you guys
about that
one of those any of you ride all those
thing I found sound check our song
what's this still leaves you louder
nah
Travis Slayer if you actually starts
playing Slayer oh my god have you so
happy come off so you're gonna get going
to sleep I've got course you have
everybody I would really don't do it one
to be like if you choke come on I spin
Oh
you guys have no idea how long I've been
waiting to ride that thing it was just
tempting me the entire freaking time so
with Aladdin we're gonna go find some
pizza I've already been I'll doing my
cheating right now this is the most
interesting thing i'll try to find it it
might have gone to bed but all the
little kids instead of going to house is
obviously the hammer other houses here
in the city haha they go to like shops
like CVS look just because she's
trick-or-treating right there see she's
trick-or-treating at a bank right now no
thanks the best can they they're free
all the year round I mean literally it's
all I did it or you go to hotels it's
unique I never thought I'd see like
there's a bunch of kids over there
Turkish reading about the trick or you
do just get free game about a circuitry
right I'll guess
so I think I really craving a sneakers
right now this is well as talking about
guys we're at a pizza place right now
and kids are trick-or-treating it's
alright if I dress up like a pencil are
you doing a tree oh sorry the top off
Jesse's Aladdin candy is making sure
you've got a sprinting your browser so
on I like it look at Gina it's like
letting the cameras legit look I'm so
good you just pop I'm like ah look there
you don't know who's real I'm just
myself and a half oh you are traveling
there yo I like it see who's gonna be
one of the most interesting things or
uni lying oh yeah New York City usually
see you know Times Square but here
you're gonna see people in costumes just
walking around trick-or-treating I've
never been in New York City for
Halloween I've never done it either it's
not something you go like you know what
I'm gonna fly in Ark City Halloween I
just so bad because Ben and I both
you're going to be Charles trickle and
I'm gonna be Ben Santer than to find out
like an excuse to why we didn't dress up
right Mike speech was playing my costume
is improvement
and it's really chilly out do you have a
pocket I hear a no excuse for you it's
so cold process and google added he's in
short as a skirt you have no excuse what
is it does he have a piece of pizza oh
there is a little rat oh my god snacks
in the body painting I want to
now right through the subway well we
didn't get to see eyebrows hopefully
you're on fleek buddy charlie johnson
flick them up right I don't know what
Ben I always have to censor they're just
always has holes in his dance and you
guys always wonder why I'm censoring
things you don't want to know ninja
turtle without one the first one oh my
god right left shark left shark left
shark I'm freaking out we get out i'm
fangirling right now left shark the
Joker you're pretty going ok so far from
the bat ok yeah they do
is adorable I do you have the boat with
that tattoo yeah it's on a pin-up girl
color maybe fit David fat Jasmine
finally you're finally found her sad you
know why didn't give me my dad
we have going that way sure you gotta do
up there and if you're right unless the
road cops this is freaking exciting
right now I just want to freakin go in
the parade myself cuz they're letting
people just walk the parade so we're
going to go around and cut it off we did
it are we good good we're kind of in the
parade York City Halloween parade we
have now made it a checklist bucket list
yeah you guys have literally the best
costumes hands down all new york city
hey are the man in black amazing all
right it's a wacky waving inflatable arm
two men a woman we don't know yet type
in competition cool so good so many cool
ones are coming back yeah it's just
eating it up we've got 1,800 pounds
we're totally good yes we found the
party one of my favorite things actually
least favorite things is hailing cabs in
New York City I looked at my watch I
walked over 10 miles today like 20,000
steps times I'm not used to that and a
lot of people in cities like just that's
easy it has nothing I feel good though I
feel like this is how i can eat pizza
every single day and live in the city as
if I just walked everywhere
city I love the city I hate the city at
the same time I get such a headache of
all the honking I never understand the
honking see what I mean honking
wait for the calving one
I mother died on whether I'm gonna die
I'm gonna die I'm gonna die on with
Diane was I know worried that I'm gonna
die for today we're doing
if you don't about
you know what happened anyway episode
either we actually working for halloween
on university it's definitely one of
those things working not get rid of like
this or something like that not
necessarily something i would fly out
here for specifically but it's kind of
like the x ray enjoy hope you guys
enjoyed it
and really got a new perspective
in other cities and states like that
candy everywhere now did you get the
brand new blog don't forget to subscribe
and you will see you as small so I have
a great night
what a look at you digging a pool it's
not done ya know it has to
