do you hear that lunatic out there yeah
but she was like going crazy it's like
Santa Claus the center before she runs
from room to room and diesel you know
hollow mouth but doesn't it sound like
every time she runs I'm like it sounds
like someone's falling down or like
Greendeer Sonya cross my roof good
morning guys
first things first Joe Ali wants me to
keep the beard but this stupid mustache
Alliance drive me nuts and it's December
December 4th
so I officially went to no shave
November 2017 I had to focus on the
screwed up cleaned it all up I was
thinking about getting rid of it but Ali
said she'd kill me if I got rid of it so
I just figured I'd clean it up that way
right so it's all cleaned up
mark you gonna do the laundry for me all
right thanks Marika where'd you go sorry
am i waking ya it is back to the grind
on this Monday morning to be completely
honest I was surprised at the amount of
CTFxC r--'s that we met and that live so
close to us we know that YouTube is just
spread across the entire world but you
don't realize the amount of people that
are locally watching you and it's just
the coolest coolest thing in the world
it was so amazing to meet each and every
single one of you guys we are so lucky
that you guys are part of our lives
probably wasn't her best probably won't
be our best was a little strange I don't
know we weren't really sure what we were
doing we're gonna do better next week I
promise you that thanks for bearing with
us first off and foremost hill pendant
you enjoyed it because it was a little
weird after the years of living here Ali
it's finally taking me to this this
place right here it's currently one of
the best delis
overwhelmingly everything
I know this is probably gonna revoke my
Italian card and I feel stupid he could
ask him but I never understood why it's
called antipasto I always thought it was
like as a kid and to this day I just
think it's because it's not possible
like it's anti pasta I've never seen so
much cheese that the cheese there's no
one for today ok is it coming out your
face you look like Wilson right now from
tool time by the way we got this stuff
you want to try first it's really good
I never thought converse sparkling water
would be good is that awesome hey what
you doing there bed we're up to two
minutes we have to charge you being
charged after two minutes we have to
charge you we have to pick what's up
that's like like their car got broken
the shop of course yeah pretty much like
that it's broken
Ali has to obviously be the uber that
was trained she's gonna go do that and
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna attempt
to put all these Christmas I'm gonna try
to decorate I'm gonna try to do it this
year and then when she comes back she
can help me but I think I'm gonna I'm
gonna crush it all right where is
everything
step one find things you guys like how
everything was super clean in here
that's why in the plastic ones
oh are you kidding me
well he's done being the uber driver and
we make her do all this just that noise
that was there's a camera going on back
out but it literally right down thing
I hate Christmas now I can't honestly
believe that happened to me twice now oh
my god I just realized this I didn't
test them what screw it I mean at this
point they don't work the least we'll
have color in the daytime I'm not going
to deal with it after that so I just
took Melissa to go pick up her car and
as I'm pulling into the place where
Melissa's car is somebody dropped a huge
can of paint all over the ground and I
didn't see it and drove the car through
the freakin paint so now I am rushing to
go get it cleaned because yeah it could
be real bad so the paint is no more and
we are clean and ready to go now I just
have to figure out how the heck to get
home I'm in an area of Tampa that I've
never been before so I'm a little bit
lost no I was gonna go definitely not
bad but not always thought my day was
gonna go there's been a positive any
which is mostly got her car back and I
kept hanging out with Melissa the only
negative his I don't know where I'm at
so I'm kind of lost and the other
positivists I actually got the paint off
the car which could have been a really
bad and negative situation mondays are
weird
this is a weird Monday I might not even
be making sense
okay so that's just fell for the fourth
time I went to try to answer Ali just
called and knocked them all down again
this is the last thing otherwise I'm
just gonna throw these on a bush or I'm
just not gonna do it well the good news
is there are no more little things on
this so that means this is where I
started or last left off their first
time I'm so done
moment of truth please work please
please please please let's do this oh my
god it works I did it all before I got
home - you know what's really funny is
that doesn't look like much at all Oh
laughing cuz I'm freaking delirious wait
a minute that whole brand isn't working
awesome best timing ever I literally
just finished you have no any no idea
how many times that thing is falling but
it's done
Zoey I did it it's all done D it's all
done bud it's all done Mar you guys is
bark the whole time drove me nuts a few
songs for my cooking
why don't you should make a cooking show
on your channel that's what we should do
bi-state rally dude like a cooking show
or a cooking segment on her Channel
I feel like that'd be a good motivation
for not only you but motivation for
people to cook yeah I was trying to
think about what else is doing other
than a vegetable name one thing that's
not green that's not a vegetable
but honestly this is a question that I'm
actually genuinely care is there
anything that's not a vegetable that's
green yes what okay not a green apple
get anything else other than a green
apple or a not ripe banana those are -
you can't say say that's a banana
drinking meatballs they're special with
spaghetti squash and Brussels sprouts -
Brussels spouts
I've almost lost my freaking mind today
like you guys saw that things a little
bit four times and then I came home Ali
came home fed the dogs Marley started
choking because she eats too fast so Ali
almost had a heart attack trying to get
her stopped but she's got slow down and
then this one over here starts
antagonizing everybody and pushing
Marley who's drinking some water and she
just goes nope I'm drinking some water
now literally she does this all the time
knocks her food everywhere I'm watching
you do it this is the one thing I'm
starting to learn from cats is that they
don't care if you're watching them or
not the dogs if you catch them doing
something bad they feel remorseful or
they'll stop this spaz over here she's
playing with her hair tie she brought it
in here hair ties it see she does that
she just knocks everything over all
right Rico we're coming in there we got
to do a podcast she's been playing with
this thing throughout the entire pod yes
we did a straw the straw is destroyed
she's so happy that's one thing I love
is that you can get something like this
and she's occupied this one down here
and this one down here needs to have
like the coolest toys in the world oh
man she used to fit in my hand palm of
your hand I know I've been doing that
video of her like every single day
oceans they kept she's a monkey where I
can't we're recapping people buddy keep
ticky-tacky
alright guys so it is going to end our
night tonight it was like kind of a
weird day we were all over the place a
lot of things were unplanned but it was
absolutely perfect for everyday putting
up Christmas lights by myself I felt
really bad I told him to wait at ease he
was like I was like well I told him I
was like Charles you need to wait and
then it was so funny he showed me the
footage of like when he was putting up
and he was just staring at
everyone's like boys are full-time ah
but four times I think yeah Katie so
guys we're gonna go ahead and give our
first shout outs from the siege of xt+
patreon family go with Bonnie
Robert Jack Michael Cole Bell Jeff
Snowden aka pest junk vlogs and Larry
Alfred and that's just our first batch
of guys thank you so much for being a
part of the family's good name I'm so
sorry we're working on it and you guys
can totally correct us if you want to
down below but we just want to say thank
you to the first batch of individuals
actually we just want to say thank you
to everyone involved in the page
everyone that is just a constant viewer
and our commenter yeah number everything
in this community whatever it is some
like her thumb or upper like her so
tomorrow we're gonna be doing something
a little bit different than the actual
normal daily vlog we might be doing Q&A
we might be doing something different we
might be doing where it turned Charles
into a dog we might be baking cakes
I don't really know we're gonna do
something super exciting but we just
want you guys to be prepped and prepared
because if you guys have any questions
babies we do a question and answer I
want you guys to come up with some
really really hard-hitting awesome
questions put them in the comments tweet
them to us put them on our Facebook
group whatever get it to us I want you
guys to come up with some really good
questions be specific be creative
we'll see you guys tomorrow good night
OOP
