got some sleep ordered the album now
we're going to try to get Ben a haircut
somewhere in Brooklyn hipsters gives the
best haircuts
Williamsburg man yeah might as well
right maybe I'll get one I don't know
let's see the same excuse to give the
best haircut today excuse me ma'am she's
got this one all these guys one over
here I feel so bad
right off the bat on our adventure we
almost went uptown third downtown uptown
girl
your hotel rooms been a little hot there
you go
so it works all right we got to find
this place now our little trip and bang
got a little snazzy hair guy I just
touched that I got it sir
somebody at the W is watching you right
now oh my gosh he's dropping the ones
you drop in the twos let's also take
note that my pants are still completely
undone
so guys maro saying this morning that
the pre-order for the new album came out
and I just looked at the the charts
right now we are number seven right now
as of now just for the pre-order that
one doesn't come out for another month
and it's already at number seven number
seven right there so now after moody New
York City we're kind of making our way
over to the event center where stream
cotton is actually happening we actually
haven't had a chance to get over there I
got these turkeys showed up my butt
gobble gobble this place is massive
that's a real football just gave us a
football yeah I'll take another one my
goodness hey guys say hi say hi okay
it's being shot
Rosario Marley did you guys eat there we
go
Duncan is going to be so jealous that I
just met jiff palm I know he's watching
amazing right there I started right he's
seven done there you go 70 days I'll
sing you a high five you drink for both
of us
ramen you're doing the Q&A with us right
so Roman and I are doing a Q&A there's a
pigeon who says I never get cool things
on the vlog right you know pizzas are
everywhere there's another one there's a
magician he's just he's a terrible
magician
I want to ride that so bad last time I
got yelled at for going on one of those
this is Roman and I know I don't know
Roman what's your password I'll do it
for you
I can use my thumbprint right I'm
pre-ordering you're a Beretta does this
not look like die hard or just someone
take an axe and just hit all these pipes
solar gas this is freakin crazy
so I'm going back to meet up with Robin
because I missed that's it I missed some
CTFxC until my bad hey mr. Doug there's
a name Charles is mr. Doug what it says
it right there
I know who he is because you said Mr dog
I think I said mr. Doug I know who the
dog is carry on Danny
carry on go play with your ball I want
to play is the third one there we go
we're just go time 10-squared just play
with this stuff Doug the pug broke one
of ours is this the one that he ate Doug
the pug so this is New York Marathon
right now right now to get this mile 12
listen Ethel you engineer Society
convention and then the iheartradio one
is going on to place is too big that's
too massive
twenty dollars Charles I'll double that
$20 oh my god okay
20 life
I don't know what that does
this menu and then I try to figure out
what the fuck's going on I'll take a
piece of Aleve deliciously open wide
there you go that is now your fork I
made everyone quiet for their blogs taro
is blogging okay everyone just trying to
say hi to the Internet but what the
video
thank you buddy I bring appreciate that
shade that thank you appreciate it
hello testing single 25 on the YouTuber
I'm actively looking for a girlfriend so
if any of you guys are interested you
can hit me up on Twitter Instagram
Facebook even DM me on YouTube and like
we can like try speed dating or
something so if you're as desperate as I
am to hijack your friends blog camera
and say this
I need to get a girlfriend I'm trying
all right good I've done this on all my
friends Marge I need a girl
Charles leave your shit around too much
testing a bitch with your hands I want a
chocolate armwrestling things somehow
I'm putting you on the spot buddy we're
gonna try to do this I'll do it with you
- well yeah warm no no
warm up with madenda be tired I'll go
with you first your Bloods gonna be
flowing getting me stronger
right rapidly scared to arm-wrestle you
height we'll see I - because your biceps
are like twice mine
taking a poop it's not done do the favor
and let's let's let's uh want to get to
the gun show please desk Emily I just
heard a balloon deflating
cause transitive property right now
take the calorie on that one two dozen
technicalities right there I feel like
those aren't proper wins I don't know
you you kind of look at a champion right
now I'll definitely give back I feel a
little pissed off losing about the arm
wrestling thinks I'd never lose these
things where I haven't knock on wood I
don't know what but I haven't oh it was
Coley Coley was the only one and now
youssef fouseytube and Roman my older
brother are the only ones now beat me
but I think there's an asterisk on that
one I don't know if it's actually a
legit beat excuses now Internet go back
and observe those clips and just see if
anyone grabbed couches clay I feel like
there wasn't a legit winning that can
you tell them that little bit upset
about this I know your arms sore but is
senseful here butts all hurt
my favorite thing about Drake is not
forget my queue right now it's bringing
gorgeous
the Bible
we ordered it's crazy this city makes
you so tired doesn't matter what you do
you can just lay in the park and feel
tired I just it's because always
bang-bang-bang go go go go
and before a little bit I want to say
thank you so much I'm looking at the
charts right now the new album
Strangelove is already at number 7 on
the charts for pre-order on sir face I'm
tired I'm an old man I went back to the
hotel Ben now what did I tell you about
taking candy from strangers now let me
talk to Brittany make sure she's taking
care of you now Britney make sure Ali
and Britney make sure he gets home
safely make sure he gets home safely you
guys are now in charge what are they
doing hey quit man it just never stops
so the official day of streamcon starts
tomorrow so I'm gonna go take a shower
and go to bed and finish editing
I gotta edit you right now and make sure
it's off online and time so I will see
you guys tomorrow as always and by the
way make sure to subscribe if you guys
are brand new if you're just joining
these videos hello my name is Charles if
you always been here
hi my name is Charles and you already
know that all right guys have a great
night
doodles bye yes okay
oh my god
probably safe to say finally that I
think I balled my tires a little bit too
much but tomorrow I'm leaving for New
York City
