time to go to New York Caitlyn's on Ali
duty I'll tell everyone you said hi okay
Boop the camera like their nose no I
don't do that you're feeling look at the
giggles giggles are out she feels a lot
better this is farting
all right so this really fucking sucks
kazowie was really looking forward to
going to New York
and so now because of the fever on top
of being in hospital for nine and ten
days of six days whatever the hell it is
I can't remember anymore
she's MIT's buffer fest as well as
streamcon and she would miss Halloween I
think which is what she's really pissed
off about but she's getting better so
that's the main thing and she wanted me
to go do this because she didn't want to
thank everyone disappointed on both
events so I'm gonna be her eyes and ears
for this although I really wish it was
going it's more fun with her I don't
know if I actually told you that Ally
watch would be with Caitlin and her mom
the entire time so don't worry
actually we're so I
so just addressing that now
well check out this hotel finally got
there a few 14 times in my car ride
that's nice oh look at this
do you guys remember Fred water back in
the day when I made the video Fred water
now look at them
upscale at $8 a bottle I remember when
yeah nice useless chair maybe Ben's
gonna sleep in because he's not sleeping
in there with me you think it's so
confusing it's like a freaking labyrinth
I meet up with Danny and Ben right now I
really hope this is their room I'm using
Danny's backup camera this son of a
bitch I'll show ya I'll just show you
this on Danny's thing if you guys want
to look at on Danny's uh uh yeah they're
uploading Danny's not prepared and then
once he's prepared I'll show you what
happened it was actually kind of funny
it was worth it because now I get free
Shake Shack joke's on him cuz it's on
it's on warranty so I get free Shake
Shack don't worry I'm a professional I
know what I'm doing you're like gutting
me right now I feel good well this one
you gotta put this on record guys I
didn't break this one now now here's the
worst part I'm holding Danny's camera
I'm pretty nervous now so you can see
the real good version on Danny's thing
but here is just kind of what happened a
prank gone wrong
hey that was you sir I'm so sorry okay
hope you feel this right now dagger in
my heart
Google is sponsoring some free pumpkins
for everybody right now here in the
middle of Times Square you know what I
want to show everyone home alley you
think this will make it home
I think since we're gonna be here for so
long I would wait a couple days baby I
got a pumpkin coming for you I was up on
the Doughboy you up on that billboard I
was up on that real billboard over there
for the Best Buy Theater before dear
dirt dirt
never seen anything like this let's say
thank you google Daddy Google
don't feel like it right now buy it this
light made me a little sleepy Ben's
already been on the big screen huh
so I wanted me on the big screen
oh all right so Ben they're gonna do
something really funny I said my pumpkin
down to take that photo and a little
girl saw it I don't know what to do in
this situation I don't know what to do
in the situation because they're all
here for free but I like them
yes on the new one we know we do is we
can kick her ass and take it back route
punter there's a ton of little ones
this'll work that was gashed I'm sorry
honey a little girl stole for me I think
the last time we were here actually was
when we played the best light theater so
when I was actually saying the derp derp
derp thing it actually did happen it was
most surreal thing ever in the world had
all our ugly mugs on one of these
billboards for my theater show which I'm
sure will be coming back very very
shortly new album comes out and a couple
days I say the pre-order comes out
tomorrow if you didn't he's fired its
next sorry actually I think the girl was
discovered right here when she was in
the body bag body bag we're trying to go
find the Best Buy but to fix my camera
all right Charlie Brown do the Charlie
Brown walk
well guys this is the first clip on the
new camera so Ben and I just went and
exchanged that other camera that just
died on that awesome I'm gonna say I'm
gonna give it to you that crank was
pretty funny because I deserved it most
I think hitting that stupid doorbell
over and over again so I deserved it was
kind of like self-inflicted I gave my
pumpkin to the two nice girls one of
them was actually a CTFxC or helped us
out
actually I'm saying this right now I
just realized we didn't pay for our
drinks god we gotta go back so many
things I've got so many questions so I
see guinea pig is he a rabbit see
several Birds get a man with a
flashlight cat and then two puppies this
is showing that cat doesn't give a
single fuck that's a cat anyway guys
don't worry one payback for our drinks
we're good Samaritans but I do want to
go get a new pumpkin since I didn't get
my pumpkin away all right now boom there
we go that's a good one I love that one
we got a good one right there you I
thought is good that one hooker Topher
Ben doesn't have any workout clothes
that's too high
little lower so we're going to get Shake
Shack and Ali's kind of virtually coming
with us it's like you're walking in New
York with us one of my favorite places
in the world and we picked up a little
stragglers over here hey guys New York
isn't you I know it's like a few months
ago you called me and you like on the
street gone I know don't make a party
bad shake check
man what what's going on I tell you 19
New York's cold
how they put that on they need inside
that's a very good question I'm sorry it
wasn't a we the King songs that actually
brings a lot of questions so many
questions not enough answers you've had
Shake Shack right and you've had it with
these two or Shake Shack burger you said
you wanted to look at the idiots were
pretty much casing the joint right now
that you better like join to get a
actual mold the screen is more I'm
looking at Charles block camera actually
or my face no you look better does it
worth the wait
I don't wanna be that guy yeah don't say
anything irrational it's only right you
guys all got burgers I'm more excited
about this hotdog Lou that what is that
like onions or something sweet
leave it at that no cutting that out
sexual interest I feel like everyone
okay green is comedy gonna do four okay
so dog this is the weirdest thing
touch the fuzzy wall just keep touching
the fuzzy ball you know what movie
that's from cool points if you know what
movies from today it's been a fun day
you know it's kind of hanging out
traveling getting to see some stuff
James really cool it's really awesome
that Google had little pumpkin patch in
Times Square I think we came at the
right time tomorrow's first day of
streamcon I don't really honestly know
what to expect it should be pretty
interesting don't forget to subscribe
guys and we will see you guys tomorrow
always have a great night actually you
know I don't have one person say good
night for me
but tomorrow I'm leaving for New York
City Alec
