start the day off right damn that's a
good way to start the day tomorrow I
have to leave for New York and Ally's
mom and her sister are gonna watch Ali
while I'm gone and the girls in Tison so
before I go the one we wanted to get our
blood taking the the nurse actually
suggested maybe getting some crap like
in sure I don't know if you remember
when I was like um I don't know if you
guys remember when I had my surgery I
had to drink that stuff too it's just
like that almost like a protein shake
but it gives you all the nutrients that
you might need and since Ali can't eat a
lot of stuff but we thought maybe that
would be a good idea yes I'm testing
this out too cuz I'm gonna bring this in
New York City so I can maybe do like
live shows while I'm in New York I may
be walking down the streets in New York
City might be kind of fun all right well
you protect the girls I'll be right back
whoo go buy tires
it was so very modest about it
we're done
this is our first test with this thing
in public as that assay people looking
at me again it wears not a lot of people
notice like this it's black right now
that's the key about coloring cameras
black towards absolutely white one I
think people would be like we're giving
up chocolate that much back when I had
my surgery I didn't have any eventually
they just have a vanilla and chocolate
hi guys we're gonna do a donut in the
golf cart probably safe to say should I
leave that I think I balled my tires a
little bit too much but tomorrow I'm
leaving for New York City Ali's mom or
sister gonna watch out like oh saying
but until then I thought I would kind of
like I don't know if you guys remember
this a little doohickey I'm gonna show
you guys how much hair
Zoey Marley shed I'm gonna show you guys
a little magic trick watch this okay no
hair come on look at I got looks like a
torture device but you love it you know
you show how much hair you guys get off
your bodies you're not so bad it's
always Zoey I feel like this is where
the part husky comes from supposed to be
keeping this for winter dude why are you
losing it it's always the sides
any dog owners out there relating to me
right now okay get some hair for some
birds so they can build some nests for
the winter
you're gonna allow some birds to build
some freaking condos we can make another
dog out of you
Marley OS gets super jealous cuz it
takes longer to do Zoey's back than hers
she's like oh good my turn an itch I'm a
scratch there you go let's see how smart
Marley is Eugene figures out you've
gotten out your own cage before you can
do this dude
and give it up though you try to get it
you can try good not gonna like guys I'm
pretty exhausted right now and I'm
packing right now to go to New York
because we have to go for stream guy got
to go for stream con unfortunately Ally
can I go now but I gotta go to New York
for till the 6th of November because we
had streamcon then I got a couple other
things and then we have a show at Macy's
on the 5th I'll let you guys know if you
guys wanna come it's gonna be actually
in a macy's store in New York City I'm
actually kind of like what we did it
like I think a couple years ago now yeah
I haven't really turned the camera on
much today because I've been just
exhausted my brains been completely
fried over the past nine ten days now
just making sure Ali's okay and making
sure she's comfortable it's been very
stressed I'm not gonna lie it's been
very stressful going back and forth
between the stupid hospital granted I
know she had the shitty and there's a vo
but still it's gonna stressful going
back and forth so that's kind of like
what's going on now and Zoi you're right
Louise been a really nervous watching me
because she knows I'm packing so she
always puts two and two together really
fast I've been trying to clean the house
a little bit too because we've been gone
for now like think was to say three
weeks now because we had a week and we
just been traveling a lot and if I can
say just my Brian my brains gone my
Brian where are we going
I just want to hang out she doesn't want
to chill go get Ally do get to the
zombie zombie
you got some strength get some strength
back if you actually be able to play tug
of war with Zoe she's actually trying to
play with Italy that's the funny thing
about tug of war with Zoe she's like
showing what happens like play dog
she's like she'll go like this and then
she'll win everything she'll bring it
right back to you she's like okay you
try again but I'm gonna win again but if
you want to try again
yeah a cat on your back yes also on top
of everything I think the new single for
Strangelove our new album comes out on
Friday November 30th
it was October 30th day before Halloween
and then the album's November 20th and I
think pre-orders start on Friday
actually as well so today I just want to
pre-order the new album which you do
that'll be available on Friday you right
there like that and she's not paid to
say that promise you make sure there's
no blue centipedes in there huh I don't
fuck your shit I already did your
laundry exhaustion Nutrition normal
stuff go eat your baby protein it's like
slash baby such old old people protein
Oh u1 cos Zoe
alright guys well I know today is kind
of an off day it's just I'm playing
catch-up with everything tomorrow's
going to be a busy day of traveling
getting to New York and see what
everything is all about in stream class
I honestly have no idea what's going on
so I'm just gonna finish up packing
right now and there's my CI pack and
this is how I pack I think I've showed
you guys this before it's just matter of
just chaos it it's called organized
chaos I think they figured out what was
going on I think it's dengue which i
think is how you pronounce it because
everyone knows I butcher the name which
you know what fuck it I'm gonna butcher
that name because it's a shitty thing
and I think it's dengue 1 is the strand
I guess I don't know but it's actually
kind of interesting because if you look
on Hawaiian like health department if
you look up the Big Island Hawaii
there's like it says there's like
several people reported outbreaks and
it's kind of interesting several people
I believe or our group so we made the
news the worst way possible anyway guys
we'll see you tomorrow is have a great
night
that's ridiculous
