good morning / afternoon Internet we are
still home alleys feeling pretty damn
good it is awesome not to start the
video doing better
it is awesome not to start the freaking
vlog like we have been in the past six
days and damn Hospital intro
Alley is still not 100% but last night
she had two pieces of cheesy bread
essentially Pizza English muffins so
she's eating more food which is
important because there's some fruit
because since her her blood cells or the
platelets are so low she needs to eat
some more food build up her body because
at the hospital she all she got was
jello what was that what else did you
eat other than yellow nothing it's all
she literally ate with jello huh that
was her nutrients
she's always been investigating the
milkshake that was mom brought over try
to be sneaky Zoey
try to figure out if Zoey's protecting
Allie or the milkshake you little punk
this one's just eying and waiting for it
to fall on the floor though he's always
drinking water you can have no you can't
have this no no he didn't bring it for
you Juicy Juice it might make your poop
turn a little red but don't be concerned
and there's all sorts of other good
stuff over there that's fun marzo he's
always drinking water you can have no
you can't have this
now he didn't bring it for you kind of
juice here Juicy Juice it might make
your poop turn a little red but don't be
concerned and there's all sorts of other
good stuff over there that's fun so I
was actually just doing some
calculations this actually going for a
charity too so Ripley's Believe It or
Not are gonna be putting the CTFxC I
think we got a whole page spread and
they were asking for different stats and
they were asking me how many states how
many countries and how many continents
we filmed on and check this out out I
actually did all the little the math or
I just went back and did it we've done
all 50 states 25 countries and five of
the seven continents yeah on tour yeah
yeah all those things like tour
everything this is 49 states I haven't
done me okay
now I'm exaggerating we gotta go to nein
you know what I mean but that's pretty
crazy isn't it CTF vaccines been
literally everywhere even though you
guys are always everywhere what's the
dog saying I've always thought it was
like kind of interesting you know like
dogs just like barked out back
is that like equivalent of just like a
human was like hey I'm here come say hi
to me like equivalent that would they
say I got a freaking clean this
I know idiot thoughts by Charles what's
the dog saying I know if you guys didn't
even hear it so it's so fing Marley
pooping in the furthest reach that we
can't have our yard I appreciate that I
don't want to step in that later so
thank you our friend Brad I don't know
if you remember from we went to what was
it called that restaurant a Spanish
restaurant was like the oldest
restaurant in Florida huh Columbia he
was also the guy at that homeless
shelter with us sent his whole company
sent Ali a bunch of beautiful rope like
I was gonna say roses these aren't roses
are they pink roses but it also has
Ali's favorite flower in the world some
flowers that's what Wilson Phil got her
too I put in the freezer because it
brings all the boys to the yard and you
had to put your wheel chick away yeah we
heard anything different on my head
right now hmm
anything anything at all so we're trying
this little thing out we're gonna try to
do a little bit more of special we
travel kind of do like live streaming
real-life streaming so it's kind of like
these daily vlogs but we're gonna upping
it up to a next level Lambeau so we'll
have daily vlogs but during the day
sometimes I'll turn this guy on start
sharing cool little spots and we'll have
kind of like in my eyes and I like my
eyes everything and I'll let you guys
know all the information once we get
that all you know figure it out right
now I'm just testing it and seeing how
it works
all right Internet your job right now in
the comments is to caption this moment I
don't even know what to say is this kind
of adorable and kind of pathetic at the
same time how you feeling oh you're
drinking and eating get your nutrients
back up tomorrow Ali's actually gotta go
get our blood work make sure everything
is going back up which I think it will
Phil made her a nice juice Marley wants
it dick no no I'm actually like really
dude we talked about what happened
and so you know the this thing that Ali
has or we think she might have is called
ng dengue fever hopefully everyone gets
better but I think we're at 8 or 9
people out of the 12 or 13 people they
were actually at the thing have gotten
sick and gone to the hospital and it's
kind of crazy it was like it started
with me and then it's kind of a
trickling down effect I started to see
all these like crazy side effects
because what happened with me is I like
I was here and I don't know I think my
body started to ache not even my muscle
it was like my bones hurt whole that's
awful and so I went to the doctors and
they were running out of tests and
they're trying to figure out what was
going on and what the lady kind of like
the ER doctor kind of explained it's
kind of like at the lower part of your
your spine or your spine ends your your
that gets the nerves kind of just hang
and it's like a little I want to say
pool of spinal fluids so they're just
kind of like this like dangling in there
and what they do is they go into the
spinal fluid and sometimes you know it's
kind of hard to know where everyone's
like nerves are then you don't like tap
a nerve so it might make it like just
think about that like like one of those
kind of things in your spinal and shot
down my leg so it was like they did it
and I just felt it go all tell me look
like it was so painful so painful it's
sharp and it's quick and it but it was
so painful and then it kind of sucked
because you know you go to the emergency
room thinking they're just gonna like
give you stuff and let you go but I know
if I'm gonna stay for five days six days
six days I got poked and prodded and I
got so much crazy crap done and I'll be
really honest would be like I you can
ask Charlie I he seriously thought I was
gonna die I'm not kidding you when I say
that because they couldn't figure out
what's wrong with me you don't see that
side I don't really talk we didn't
really talk about it but I genuinely
thought I was gonna die there and it
took so much blood and they
so many tests I mean like if you see my
sheet of what all the blood they test or
like all do they have it yeah it's in
there what what boo tested you from
malaria mersa Ebola
every single thing and then they still
couldn't figure it out so we've been
talking with the Hawaiian Health
Department and they're kind of like
helping us right now because they're
kind of afraid of other people because
you know there's a lot of people in the
Big Island there's a lot of people and I
mean this could be an outbreak what you
say terrifying
yeah poked and prodded all through the
night - just crappy is all because you
think it's just during the day no they
wake you up like I felt like it was
every half hour every hour and I mean
they took blood or took my that's
actually another person it's actually
Jenny Brunel texting us back she's
actually just now in the hospital so
she's in the hospital now and I think
it's kind of crazy - I don't mean to
stop you but Danny and I left just
before all this happened so I can only
say I feel that saying it thank God we
had a show because I think the
incubation period is 3 to 10 days and
we're kind of going up on when Danny I
left 14 days right now right I can't do
this fact to do chemo in like a week
so I can't do it that's scary really
really scary you next Jule I don't feel
a hundred percent better I don't know
you look a lot better because I can
actually kind of move a little
they kind of walk know if you guys want
to see what we're talking about go watch
the video or it says emergency room and
you can see what alley look like then
and now come back to this video
it's like amazingly different you're not
allowed to stand up without me knowing
but I have to wear this red blood cells
go back up and white blood cells thing
was one point for no I think the normal
is like 14 or something like that I
answer is three point nine to twelve
point two thousands of cells per
microliter and Talia is a one point for
big 34 scared but now you look like a
Mortal Kombat character you know but
things are gonna start getting normal
yeah then we got New York and then with
streamcon and then the bands playing
Macy's on the fifth Caitlin and Cathy
are gonna be actually watching ally and
Zoe Marley are gonna be watching ally in
Tison I could take you any day right now
yeah I could always take you this is a
challenge if you don't remember
correctly I beat you at basketball I
beat you at the Internet you guys
remember that I beat Ally at basketball
when she says she was better at me then
that better than me you're not you lost
I did that half-court shot so fucking
scary so Ally literally put her life on
the line for those vlogs if you've not
seen the Hawaiian vlogs you got to watch
him now you literally put your life on
the line for those videos alright guys
well every single day this one's getting
better and better so hopefully the vlogs
will eventually get back to normal right
now it's just got to be this way because
you know we have time I just have time
to heal anyway thank you so much for
watching today's video and taking a nice
little ride and supporting our way
through this pretty shitty time you will
see you guys tomorrow as always don't
forget to subscribe and have a great
night doodles bye guys
see guys going on
the only thing that right now
unfortunately won't be going the stream
