good morning Internet so I woke up and
look who's sitting right next to me she
wanted to sleep next to me no more bed
for her
so he spoke to one doctor we're just
gonna talk to another doctor in the main
doctor she's been seeing said she can go
home we're just kind of waiting right
now 30 more minutes of waiting and then
we're gonna start the ball keep the ball
up well I was gonna say we're gonna kick
the ball off now we're gonna get the
ball rolling thank you you usually would
it's in the hospital obviously can tell
she feels a lot better so don't ask me
how I got it but one of the doctors
numbers so it just texted directly and
asked if it was happening and he said
it's happening now high-five baby can't
get that high five you and promising me
I know so I'm so happy you're gonna go
home - no more Hospital you don't want
to go sleep on the bed one last time
Gary I know it is I don't know how long
that was here I think I was not here but
I was I think two weeks and then I think
I was like a month and Rehab just
curious do not know you know you know
there not knowing is the worst just I
feel hospitals are really good for
reviving people but then what you're
kind of better I feel like the best
medicine is just being home with family
and things like things that are familiar
I feel like when you're in the hospital
and you're already feeling better like
when Ellie's doing it's just there's no
motor there's motivation obviously
because you want to get home but I feel
like once you're actually home you feel
ton better and I think they've narrowed
it down to I think it's called dingy I
think I've been screwing it up jenji
fever or I'm not gonna get a second one
chick Kokua fever and we will get up and
even if it's one of those things because
it takes like ten days to get you know
the results because it's a very
specialized thing yes so she's been just
loaded they've been treating her for
that stuff anyway even if it's those
things there's no necessary cure for
them or vaccine for those things so the
only thing they could do is just keep
her on I've read that the only thing
really you have to do is just like any
fevers just kind of like
you break the fever and then you have to
wait it out because fever suck no matter
what they are even if let's
hypothetically say it's dengue fever
there's nothing they could do other than
what they're doing now so it's a huge
she would technically have to wait like
ten days to find that out and then
another few days to just do by the time
they found out basically what I was
trying to say is that she'd already be
up and running there you go baby you
kicked some butt you showed the internet
that being in the hospital sucks but you
can do it scary do it this is like my
worst fear is bigger than us from plus
needles too much in the worst part is
that we're finding out that I think six
or seven of the people that are on that
trip to Hawaii are now in the hospital
this is keeps climbing and we're kind of
pinpointing it to possibly the volcano I
think I already mentioned that the
nature of your band get that by
something it was a mosquitos fault I was
like six or seven other people which is
crazy which makes me very very happy
it's kind of messed up to say very happy
that Danny and I didn't go to that we
had to go to the show otherwise I being
here as well and Danny would be here as
well and it would just be up to eight
people if you're in Hawaii I could said
yesterday we're bug spray all over your
body even your eyeballs actually don't
put it on your eyeball so it's a
terrible idea
where was he conscious of where you go
yeah go into like a real rain for rain
forest yeah well that's where we were
it's like the rain forest eats that
basically if you're going to do some
adventure stuff just be careful just be
extra careful and just use this as an
example that mosquitoes are mosquitoes
like do they serve a purpose or are they
just worthless creatures just like allow
you to make dinosaurs more sneaking
questions you're asking
there she is he's back to normal of
course in the last day I figured out
this is a freak going back read this mom
that's always have yeah this thing was
gonna be careful oh yeah the last step
here I found out this is an actual
fallout bed
no one wanted to tell me that oh and I
found I was wearing this backwards old
upside down the entire time to nobody
wanted to tell me that either so hello
guys sorry I haven't really been in the
logs lately I've just been kind of going
from hell and back to hell and back
whatever the term is I've been in here
for five days now I was hoping I could
possibly get away with going home but
that I was like that's gonna happen
I cannot to be here for a few days I'm
hooked up on all this um all hooked up
on these craziness and so weird and all
of that over there but kind of the
updated what's going on is don't really
have any more pain as much done yes I
can't I'll be a couple or so like this
I'm a little weak still because like the
troll said right now I guess they're
keeping and I on my platelets and my
white blood cells cuz my white blood
cell count is really low like I'm
normally low that's going up but it's
going up which is positive my platelets
are really really low and the doctor
like I have one doctor that's as I can
go anti doctor says I can go but the
doctor my regards to my blood does not
want me to go are you supposed to nursed
or considering a platelet transfusion
why because there's low I could bring
him back up so we got some good news
he's going home you want to do fist pump
huh well he's going home
Louis but I'm sorry
I'm excited okay I'm excited she's going
home though
you saw her headache oh okay I'll shut
up
but I'm the worst person to be around
humanik we're in the discharge the
doctor gave her the okay and she's gonna
do some follow-ups the only thing that
right now
ally unfortunately won't be going to
stream times cause she ain't gonna
playing obvious reasons but I will be
there
Ally's not to leave the bed essentially
at home it's just either she wants me in
this bed or she want to be in her home
bed but I will still be at streamcon
we're gonna have a leash mom taking care
of Allie cuz she can't go anywhere by
herself obviously amazing news she's
finally out of the hospital you six days
in here baby killed it now you get a
side five now we're just waiting the
whole discharge process but I remember
that takes forever so you might go back
to bed so a bunch of CTFxC heirs got
together and made Ally a video and it's
the first time she gets to watch it
hey everywhere nice I'm crying it's so
good doesn't miss a thing
yeah really sorry yes I just poked
myself in the eye thank you guys thank
you going on well guys as you can see we
are now home and Ally's in her bed she
took a shower
and she feels so much better step 1 just
getting her home
step 2 getting better except free for me
to take a shower I gotta get this
hospital gunk off me
so this is why it's amazing to have a
massage therapist and the family and I
just got word that Zoe Marly are here at
most until just bottom bye
so I got to give a little drill so they
don't go crazy thinking throughout that
crazy little fuckers you get for going
up in the front these crazy little shits
you're getting some benadryl you cannot
jump on Ali he's all like she's okay why
I just want to say hi you you go say hi
little Marly kisses Zoe with her big ass
kisses Moreno scratching okay that was
pretty adorable this is a much better
more comfortable here than in the
hospital bed right so we've switched
allie has to wear the mask but she's
eating not hospital food so that's good
he's always been on guard duty Marley's
been making sure monsters don't come
through while he's making sure there's
no monsters under the bed such a week of
being in the freakin Hospital
I figured Ali want to have you know a
nice little welcome home pizza because
if you didn't know the best medicine
other than medicine is actually pizza
now you know
well internet after six freaking days of
being at the hospital almost
nights we are finally back at the house
Ellie is still sick her white blood
cells are still low they're going up her
platelets are so low those will be
hopefully going back up I just have to
show you this Marlene so we have not
left her side so he's at least listening
to the rules and not going on the bed
this one on the other hand little dick
off the bed off the bed and what can't
be on the bed
alright now we moved here and look at
Ali's actually eating some pizza better
than hospital food we are finally home
Ali is almost there as you can see she's
a little sleepy we're home we're back
home no more hospital I am so happy that
nurses were so amazing the doctors were
so amazing and we found out right now
about eight people are now sick from
that trip that we took which is really
unfortunate and really scary at the same
time which is what we're saying when
you're the jungle you have to be careful
and I guess we just weren't careful
enough or I don't know what happened
it's just scary that's why I sold the
jungle thank you so much for all your
love and support and for making that
video you guys are amazing uh put a link
down in the description if you guys
wanna watch it yourself we will see you
guys tomorrow as always and we won't be
in the hospital which is awesome
so have a good night oops I guess show
you pizza
you
