okay so Ali's mom is not watching Ali
right now
I'll go get some stuff done again
throughout the day just found out that
three other people from this trip are
actually now sick two of which are
actually in the hospital which is kind
of scary
I've been talking with everyone right
now and trying to get like information
from three different hospitals three
different doctors actually preparing
multiple doctors and we're kind of
honing and on things one doctor thinks
that it's most likely what he's not 100%
the chick acog WA fever or whatever the
fuck that was called again remember the
name anyone because that do room one the
Daruma or whatever the roomie you know
the one with the D doesn't seem too
likely because of her symptoms Nalepa
ptosis Westbrook these names are so left
toe therosis that that's it we break it
down and make sense the thinking thing
is that one either
that she doesn't have any rashes or
anything so that's good they're kind of
honing down there's getting good news
she feels so much better
but the short stories one try say is
that said to get worse she's feeling a
lot better
I mean it's so quiet and a half
throughout Zoey Marly and Allie in here
or she's to say without Marly in here
she takes the decibel level up to like
90 Melissa and Phil are gonna bring the
girls over and then I'm gonna go take
them out maybe to a park or on the golf
cart and do our little thing and then
I'll go back this evening and say that I
again sleeping all those stupid freaking
I don't know what it is this mat kinda
reminds me of you know like when you're
in kindergarten and you had naptime you
had to sleep on those stupid little mats
it's almost exactly like that but it's
just elevated a little bit I'm gonna get
a little nap right now and then go back
over there and make sure come back on
guard dog when I'm over there and I'm on
guard dog Duty cuz is every time she'd
fall asleep they'd come in like every
other
or and do a test on ER what I've been
doing is I go out in the hall and I see
them all like if you guys have to do any
test can you please do it before she
falls asleep and then if they come in
I'm always was like and she's been
sleeping through the night ever since
I've been doing that hopefully somewhere
last night they're just waiting all
these damn tests it take forever and
it's just I don't think that is them or
the hospital I think it's the cultures
things have to grow on the cultures to
be able to see what things are there's
really no way to speed those things up
and a time-lapsed ER might be the world
doesn't live in time-lapse look coop
Melissa brought home come here come here
come here
stay there Zoe still loves me
Thank You Zoe I gave you all those toys
yesterday you still remember me you're
stuck with me you twerps for the day
we're gonna hang out
who wants some peanut butter I'll buy
your love back be very careful not to
hurt my fingers got it gentle
let's go meet you all right so we just
walked by and I all stepped on that it's
gotta be dead that's dead thank God just
what I need to be bit by a snake it's
the last thing we need right now girls
better watch out for the giant spider
there's a giant spider there Zoe spider
that big I feel like that's what you see
in Australia so that was Zoe and Marley
cam captain Wiggles over there and
captain idiot
so I just talked to a couple other
people and apparently now six people are
in the hospital as a result of this trip
tonight I might actually get my blood
tested just be on the safe side could I
talk to doulton Fallon anslee Jack
Britney and Justin it's kind of fucking
scary
I mean knock on wood I hope that's wood
I don't know if that's actually wood but
holy shit I know this is wood this wood
over here over sure knock on wood that
Danny and I are okay because I called
Danny he feels fine and we might think
we're thinking maybe you're pinpointing
it to the volcano does Danny and I are
feeling okay and everyone else who went
to the volcano aren't really feeling
tip-top we think maybe there was like a
crazy mosquito because of the rain
coming up and all mosquitoes come up
after rains and the crazy Tundra that is
a volcano I don't know I'm not doctor I
just like the play operation but we're
starting to get a little bit more
answers she's feeling what yet they
probably 89% about 70%
really kind of weak you know what's
interesting is I woke up this morning
and her hair was done in her alley bun
if you do that this morning mania I was
like I woke up and because her hair was
all disheveled because her little sister
Kaitlin she hasn't really had the long
hair so she doesn't really know how to
do clumpy hair like Ali does so I woke
up it was all better doctor she had now
is like super nice he's not concerned or
anything like that but he's just trying
to get her healthy
he's hoping maybe for a discharge of
maybe Monday night or Tuesday morning
you ready go home she was able to bigger
phone call you already the first phone
call then yeah to me it's just like
where are you know you were just like
where are you you know I was I have to
put like a little cut up ever cut out
from the hon just hard you guys are
together leaving seven it's like hard
you don't feel very good
that's the only kind of doctor wanted
you to do do you think I'll try to get
you out in the hallway you're like I'll
make you a compromise I'll sit in the
chair I'll go cliff-diving
yeah we're that's what we'll do their
love to you that's one thing you
probably need to start doing once you
get access to your phone just look at
the thousands of tweets and comments
you're going to be doing that for like
another week but right now they're
testing for a love I told you guys the
room Daruma and Chikku Kouga does why
I'm not a doctor as well as a lipstick
processus man this is terrible I know
it's like lip dough / osis I think
that's that one which by the way you
guys start tweeting us right now I'm
literally a bunch of guys tweeted up to
me and I showed that to the ER doctor
the first night we were here and they
sent out the first test so I just want
to say thank you guys for giving us the
ideas that would possibly deeply
obviously I don't know if there's any
doctors out there and we have any
doctors in the CTFxC they're actually
pretty crazy well the first one was
called dangu and the other one was
called chick Kagawa we've actually been
in contact with the Hawaiian Health
Department and they've been actually
helping us a little bit too so we've
been getting a lot of help a couple
these things I do have to say that you
guys actually sent to us which is kind
of crazy I think in Hawaii
Gangu is kind of not an epidemic but
there's a lot more cases going on right
about now so if you're in apply right
now please be safe put some bug spray on
or something obviously we're not sure if
that was actually it I have to say one
thing this lady here actually got a
spinal tap which is the most gnarly
thing in the world like most hardcore
thing I've ever heard of if you have no
idea what that is you don't want to know
so I take my brain surgery and I lower
it down
because a spinal tap to me seems more
painful because they don't know they'll
knock you out or anything like
this is all so severe progress right
here she's able to actually feed herself
that actually makes me so happy see I
just like showing the progress guys if
you remember from the first day we were
here how bad it was and now to see this
just jumped again yesterday I had the
permission I just completely got to do
it to finally show you guys the new
album art and title of the new CD that's
coming out November 20th 2015
so 1120 2015 so that's like and how many
days is that how many days until
November 20th it's three weeks and four
days till the new album comes out well
further suspense here you guys go new
album coming out in three weeks get
stoked I'm actually gonna play a little
snippet here's actually a snippet of one
of the new songs coming out just don't
tell Travis that's all you guys get you
guys I can't say it enough thank you
from bottom of both of our hearts for
all the support in the love and we'll
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night Google's bye guys
there's a good toodles I like that
remember well I like that I know right
now you trying to figure it out
don't take this
taken fighting Titans
dog show
don't use it for my toy no that way
kid Whitney
frightened Zoe are you stealing
