okay guys so right now Ali is completely
zonked out her family's here I'm gonna
go home I gotta take care of some things
at the house again I absolutely hate
leave here but luckily her family's here
that's the only time I'll ever you get a
doctor refill Marley's medicine
there's bunch of other things so trying
to like balance always that ones anyway
yeah so I'm not gonna lie it has been
pretty tough for me as well as how his
family you know obviously Ali but um I
haven't really slept very much and I
know I have to so I've been trying to
sleep as closely as possible in that
little chair just to make sure if she's
okay but here's something actually
pretty cool pretty interesting this
morning when I woke up she was walking
around getting out of the bathroom by
herself for their little thing and so
that's progress right there so we got
some progress going the doctors are
doing some more cultures more tests so
far everything's coming back negative
which is a very good thing so they might
think it's just like a viral infection
but what type of viral infection this is
still the question
all right so now I have to get some dog
food consumed while are completely out
then go back to the house and then I
gotta get Marley's medicine now where
the hell is there dog food I got the dog
food I got the dog medicine I gotta go
over Moses house and drop that off there
and then I gotta go back to the hospital
hopefully Ali then what the doctor wants
her doing today is kind of moving around
a little bit and eating a little bit
more than she's been doing it sucks cuz
she's definitely in pain and I know how
it is
she has to do that so I have to be the
bad guy make her do that even though
she's in that pain that's that sucks
right there cuz I know she's gonna hate
me by the time by the way I had to shave
the beard because I think in my face all
the time a little mask it was getting
outrageous it was like almost like a
freakin felt like a greenhouse effect
like this area my face was growing so
much faster than everywhere else it was
just like harboring moisture is
disgusting yeah you showing off you
can't bring it you want to bring that to
Ali I'm sure she loved it
start hopping over there probably get
over there before I did okay oh I got
you guys all of you guys and toys okay
if somebody's a little freaking picky
over here okay wants a pumpkin okay you
want the pumpkin we've already made this
damn that's a big bed that David is bed
Tyson want to show me your new bed okay
so it's all judge Melissa guys
everyone must judge Melissa look at that
that is so judge about Jesus it like
swallows him up I think all three of
them could fit in there so we don't get
that those are toy and there's a bone in
there uh-huh
Tyson has a terrible hiding spot I found
your bone you might want to go rehire
candy corn ty I got you one it's bigger
cuz you're bigger
nope this is it Oh Karen wasn't filming
on that one think about freaking of
course of course it was actually maybe
it was if that was really has
embarrassing all right is yours okay
yeah take care of your little cousin
dogs okay he said actually said thank
you the reaction pretty creepy okay okay
now your turn to hate me okay this is
your medicine she's getting better every
day she's getting better so that when
she comes home you can annoy her with
your barking okay it's so funny to
everyone or her nose gets back to
darkness her pig nose goes away you get
allergies and a black nose see I got it
would know why so that way you can't
destroy it I know right now you're
trying to figure it out don't take that
see bite it and Tyson is so not like a
real dog he's just like so above
everything don't eat it so you know toys
is like nope get that away from me get
away from me I don't want it frightening
Zoe are you stealing shit yeah that's
like a weapon yeah you know why they
existed they're meant for smaller dogs
so you put them on smaller dogs so a big
dog or another animal can't bite them
and kill them so it's like a weapon of
the turret and now you know yeah yeah
the neck you look scary - Zoe excuse me
there wasn't even an eyeball in there
how'd you do that
well Marly it looks like this one's
yours now she ruined your toy 30 seconds
ago I said you got to watch your toy oh
so he's gonna take it
I warned you bud trying to she went and
destroyed that one went after Marty
she's alright I gotta go back to the
hospital guys you listen for Melissa
okay yeah you know listen
yes you little Batman back there
apparently Batman is now five I didn't
see him it was like all his little I
don't know if you guys is it was like
little ears I got their bat ears most
actually saw it
so R ago I got Ally some food I got us
some Gatorade got some seltzer water and
hopefully that'll help her a little bit
more because she needs to get moving a
little bit more and then sleeping during
the night I think that's what we're
gonna try to start doing so that way she
can get out of there quicker you want me
to bring in like a Zumba I say we should
do some Zumba yeah some at the bar Pure
Barre the thing you hold on the bar
guess that's what she needs right now is
your box you kill me look honey I
brought you a bar is a balancing bar
please don't punch me in the head just
like yesterday I'm gonna be the bearer
of good food instead of hospital food
you know it's kind of funny somebody on
our floor actually has that ringtone
from the TV show 24 you know one of the
like duty to do your time I hear and I
was like cooking up like Jack Bauer's
and I come through the freakin door so
we getting better slowly but surely I
still don't feel I understand but I have
a strong feeling the next day or she
might be
let's just have body aches and headaches
and the doctors are doing every text
that we back to normal so thanks for
your prayers and your support and
hopefully I'm back to normal very soon
thumbs up got a thumbs up all right go
back to bed so one of the infectious
disease doctors came in and said a
couple fevers it could possibly be
because that's what they kind of think
it might be now I was like I was like
one of those crazy tropical diseases
that our fevers what she's doing I was
she's sleeping right now so I'm trying
to talk to out she's doing good she sat
in the chair for I guess 10 minutes is
what her mom said she liked pretty much
half of her food which is better because
she hasn't been really having an
appetite or anything like that yeah the
doctor thinks probably at least a couple
more days because once they have a
diagnosis they can actually send them
home to host it yeah once they have a
diagnosis they can actually send her
home but until then they don't want to
just send her home with no diagnosis and
no medication because you know once I
know they can say here's your medication
you can go home just keep an eye on
things
right now nobody knows right now we're
not pinpointed exactly so we're still
playing the waiting game so I'm a little
bit I'm gonna wake her up and make her
sit in here no matter how much she wants
to punch me in the head so the two type
of fevers they think it might be is
pronounces dengue fever or chicken Bua
fever or something like that cuz they
both are like three or five days after
she's been bitten so it might be that
one day when she was bitten in her leg
when she was sleeping so it's like fever
joint pain headache muscle pain joint
swelling rash aside from those last
three kind of seems like most add on to
what it might actually be I think we're
on the right track which is good and
very very very very happy here that i
says it takes about like three to five
you know maybe six days or film better
so we'll glue all these antibiotics I'm
happy to see all the hair products that
they have or not they are treating her
for leptospirosis which is another
tropical disease kinda thing I think
bottom line is I think it definitely
came from Hawaii which sucks because I
think they're like 95% sure it came from
why because after all I mean we're on
the biggest island I think we're at the
most remote island of hawaii so the most
like barren I guess and I guess it's
she's too damn sweet mosquitoes like her
night for in the damn hospital and I'm
gonna go to bed and he's passed out
right now yeah hopefully he had tomorrow
we get more information like today we
got a lot more information than we did
the other days and I always feel a lot
better so thank you so much for watching
today's video
I mean so they have support up thank you
as always on and we will see you
tomorrow have a good night toots
total your way anymore no more thorough
I lied
your goal
