hey guys so we just completed night two
at the hospital right now or on day
three and what's ended up happening is
that they had to send out all these
little lab things I think I said
yesterday she has all these like broad
antibiotics and salines and things like
that like fluids and then once they find
out what it is they are able to pinpoint
it a little bit more it's always one of
those things like you know hurry up and
wait she's doing good I mean she's doing
well she's having a little bit of nausea
things like that but I was telling her
like when I was in the hospital I was
like a little crybaby she's killing it
right now I got to go home really quick
give Marley her medication because
everyone's sick this thing is like I'm
getting like a pro right now like
sleeping in this thing you literally
have to learn how to like slow down your
breathing because it's like it's a very
claustrophobic kind of thing but totally
killed it
hi guys Cohen you hanging out with
Mullen Phil you like a home I was gonna
play with the girls for a little bit I
know oh that was my that was in my mouth
yeah right now they don't really know
when she's gonna be able to get
discharged like I was saying earlier
they're still waiting for some test
results once they know that they can
treat for the results then yeah then she
gets come home I've been so focused on
her I haven't been feeling very much
which you know what it that's how
it's gonna be because you know honestly
I'm incredibly worried about her even
though I know she's strong she's
actually doing better than I when I was
in the hospital
okay I want your affection for Marley
okay before I go back to the hospital
we're gonna do something I was on the
golf cart who wants going to golf cart
actually probably should clean you I
know that doesn't sound fun
I'm gonna could look at you you want to
go get cleaned your bath no okay no path
for you anymore come into the bowl
Sora I lied
your goal
so Katelyn and Natalie's mom are
watching Ali right now so I can get some
things done obviously at the house take
care of the girls
Marley neither the bath she stunk then
would have rushed back to the hospitals
for the night on a completely random
thing I just want to ask you guys a
really strange question this is like one
of those strange like little quirks that
I have you know that the thing of peanut
butter the beginning of peanut butter
the top part my favorite thing in the
world is breaking that seal being the
first person that just go like this and
just eating some peanut butter from the
first top part I don't know what it is
it's a weird strange thing anyway else
so before I head back to the hospital I
wanted to kind of clean up the house a
little bit you know cuz when Alec comes
home I want it to be nice and clean
because it's always the best feeling in
the world when it come home to a clean
house especially if you're sick to
senior and all this pain is just like
freaking killing me right now I can't
help her so freaking hard to see her
like that Allah do you guys have
actually got to meet Ali before she's
the sweetest kindest person in the world
and she does no one deserves this and
she especially doesn't I kind of
remembered out what it was like when I
was in the hospital and how scary it was
for myself I can only imagine how scary
it is for her because I have no one know
what's going on don't don't get me wrong
I know she's gonna be fine I know she's
strong and I know they'll figure it out
and I know she's gonna be fine and it
was nothing serious when you're filming
every day of your life it really shows
the really amazing parts the really
amazing things that you do but the same
thing you have to realize the really
crappy and acknowledged really shitty
things happen life if I could trade
places with her I would trade places
over there in a second I do want to say
thank you so much for all you guys all
of amazing comments and the tweets and
tot with all those things that she's
able to read when she's awake but just
want to let you guys know
that you are truly putting a smile on
her face what she feels so crappy
I'm gonna go talking to her mom right
now I'm probably gonna head back right
now and I took the girls out for a while
they're taking care they had their
medicine Marly got her medicine it's
interesting if it's not me it's barley
if then Zoey then somebody else and I
found Phil so he said we can't catch a
 break sometimes with health when
I think about it unfortunately a lot of
people have a lot worse and I just the
reason why we film these things like I
think I even told you guys awake last
night in this video she knows a lot of
you guys are scared of hospitals and
don't like them and are afraid to go
when they're hurt you know or in the
hospital some people might be watching
this from a hospital right now she just
wants to show with a positive attitude a
positive outlook positive thinking you
can get through it and it's not so scary
I mean that's definitely why I filmed my
surgeries and my hospital stuff and I
think that's why she wants to do it as
well all right puppy update your hand
with filmless okay I will be right back
with mom very soon your ear infection
gone how about that little belly that
little staph infection yeah you were
last time although you kicked it off
probably a couple weeks ago yeah are you
looking at me this is how it is Brendan
complain about a nasty Hospital through
the I decided surprise are some good
food so right now I'm waiting for Ali to
get back from where x-ray good news is
so far they rule out like 10 or 12
viruses they also didn't Marissa malaria
a few other things and those have all
come up negative so that's a good thing
they're doing an x-ray on Ehrlich I
guess her her hips and our chest to see
if there's anything there and they're
gonna do like a another blood culture to
see if there's I think maybe like a
parasite or anything like that
it's alright now we're just waiting for
her get out of the x-ray
it's really strange this is like a
really strange thing like it doesn't
make any sense and hopefully she just
gets better the same way and as quick as
she started like feeling like crap
alright guys well I'm about to head over
to bed over here my little my little
makeshift bed I guess Ali's about to
pass out and just kind of summarize what
happened today she had a little bit more
like pain in her hips so what they did
they ordered like an x-ray so that way
they can like sorry I have to keep this
on not for me but for her sake they were
like an x-ray so they can like you know
check see why all the the pain is coming
from her hips and her spine so hopefully
tomorrow is the day we find out a lot
more information so just wanted to give
you guys a little heads up she's still
kicking her ass right now she's strong
as ever
so if you guys can just please keep Ally
and or your thoughts and pray for her
she's she's gonna be fine but you know
just to help you know just keep her in
your thoughts thank you guys so much for
being so supportive and think so but
throw this thing out the window
hopefully all these lab results or tests
will finally be done that's basically
what we're doing is we're waiting for
all the labs because they had to be sent
out to a laboratory yes or another
hospital because they couldn't do
certain tests here at the hospital here
so that's kind of why we've been waiting
so long anyway don't forget to subscribe
guys and tomorrow we will hopefully get
more information and then we can get
Ally back to normal or goofy self and
back at home we'll see you at tomorrow's
always have a great night kudos see you
guys I wanted her to kind of
cuz they know a lot of people are really
scared at the hospital and the kind
freaked out by it I'm just
you pick an Arabic
no they don't know it's wrong yet but
hopefully by tomorrow we know
