good morning Internet as you can see
she's still asleep hopefully she gets
not discharged next couple hours
yes I see my bed it's like was always
sleeping in Harry's woke up so you talk
about not sleeping so peacefully I don't
want my girl oh I see me so long to fix
my bed there we go
I definitely want to say thank you guys
so much for being so understanding
hospital days I know the videos that
have been it's craziest why but you know
when life happens you have to take care
of it and clearly videos that's what it
is
come what happens in life both awesome
and unfortunate kind of gravity I use
one verse like that thank you
I know aunt Lee wants a big THANK YOU
when she wakes up I'm sure she will and
I know that probably goes without saying
because you got through a lot of many
things together Emily unfortunately it's
interesting I think that's what makes
the CTFxC so strong and so unique
because it's definitely like family it's
not just imsl for our family if
by myself and our family you guys mmm
hospital food you want the eggs and I
fire the eggs and you gotta eat hi
using eggs the hospital foods like I
don't know which one's the best sir with
adult is incredible she chugged her
orange juice and coffee
there's Starbucks in the hallway oh it's
just our luck sure all right so this is
getting a little bit weirder so
apparently Jack you know jack from the
trip of Hawaii is having the exact same
symptoms as Ali it's weird so
they're going to hospital right now and
basically exchanging information back
and forth so if I'm going to say 80%
likely came from Hawaii which kind of
sucks it's going to be something that we
did Pacific put the waterfall or
something with that fresh water is my
guess I have no idea so we're still
waiting for the infectious disease
doctor that's taking or I have the good
news is she's still fast I have to say
guys I know the video is Natick super
setting but you know family first I have
to make sure she's okay these videos are
about a daily life and you know that
even if there are short videos I have to
make sure that she's okay
that's the priority and I just want to
make sure you guys are with us because
you guys were family and I want to make
sure you get here real with us because
you're just a bunch of family to her and
I as anyone
I know she wants you guys be involved so
if I keep doing this
rectum it hopefully by the next clip
I'll know more information this lives my
neck
oh say give me a doctor I need just to
give up information I need unfortunately
by this clip I was hoping that a doctor
would have been here by now but
unfortunately alleys and I are still
waiting at the whole family's here now
they actually gave her like an oxygen
thing is that what it's called Allen T
Howe installed so she can breathe a
little bit like better than pure oxygen
still waiting but she's doing good you
know there's a chuckle emoji now on the
iPhone do you know that apparently if he
has noticed that the iPhone and Android
is updated with a taco Mojang and
apparently the internet is now exploding
that's the Holy See's Taco Bell emojis
everywhere and there's a breed of one
too okay here's some oxygen now kicking
some butt
I've low five
there we go oh five nine Dickinson but I
go to sleep so I think they found us a
room which is good I know there hasn't
been a lot going on my school days but
the thing is I'm not leaving her side so
we're still waiting but the good news is
you feeling a lot better
she was like a ten or nine what do you
got it no that's good she literally just
cracked her back all just like got more
ninjas ear so by the way he'll freak out
this is for her protection not so much
for our protection or anything like that
she's not contaminated contagion like
Matt Damon or anything like that you're
totally fine is you got to make sure she
stays better good news is that she's
feeling a lot better
she ate earlier drinking spinning lemon
heads you getting better doctor is
finally here
Oh knock on wood okay so still in my
face I'm going to go home right now I
have to go feed the girls and get my
medication completely read all that and
then I would come back and they have a
nice like I showed you guys her room her
room was awesome she has to stay one
more night which really freaking sucks
I've been telling her nothing but old
man dad jokes just to make her laugh and
she's been loving it so all you guys
sending all these dad jokes you're
making her smile so just to let you guys
know it's a pretty nice room all to show
you guys it's got a computer rate built
into the TV they still don't know what's
going on she's feeling a ton better I'll
show you guys when I go back up there
she's in a little bit of pain on her
back but she looks 100% like 180
different she's eating a little bit
better her fever is completely gone
so that's good news but they're testing
for everything from I think like just in
case like you know like malaria
everything you know because there was a
bunch of mosquitoes out there and white
and it's enticing from that to anything
else that could possibly be like a like
infectious disease or I guess what
they're saying we've got some kind of
reason why we have to stay overnight
another night is because they ordered so
might like they've took so many vials of
blood like a vampire is probably trying
to eat it basically it's a good thing
they want to rule and everything out she
feels a little bit better but she's
still a little achy yeah yeah they're
very loud I know so I came home really
quick to feed the girls and play with
them a little bit
yep yep that was a lot of fun a lot of
fun set a blast
because I want to be sleeping in the
hospital yet tonight I won't feel
comfortable leaving alibi err so if I
know how scary it is we have a hospital
and she's never she's never sick ever
she's like the most frickin resilient
person ever you know hang out with
Melissa again okay that sound good or
play that's all that's not what you're
supposed to be doing all right so I got
my nice little nap song feels like it
I'm going on a plane I'm traveling I'm
back gonna go relieve Ali's father
aleena oh why is this a staff homey oh
shoot so remember I was telling you guys
how I had a snazzy little room check it
out she's been watching TV the whole
time they give you a computer like a
little computer thingy are you feeling a
little better
okay a little bit better TV Internet is
very concerned thank you guys
it's a lot better
okay let's figure out you computer kinda
like you want to watch a movie you'll be
fine tomorrow you get out of here
look a girlfriend Google how's this work
so this is my bed area like an airplane
jealous it's just like something on this
side where oh my god nice yep jealous
now what's what's bed no actually this
one feels really okay I'll watch movie
together alright let's find a movie no I
just wanted to say guys that I wanted
char to kind of film this a little bit
because I know a lot of people are
really scared to go to the hospital and
they're kind of freaked out by it I'm
definitely one of those people but I am
you're kicking ass of it I definitely
don't feel good I really really really
don't feel good and I don't I don't know
it's wrong yet but hopefully by tomorrow
we know and I just want to say thank you
guys for being supportive you know what
make you feel better well you know
what's going on and Nic Cage movie Nick
Cage movies always make everyone feel
there first off this looks incredibly
creepy I want to say thank you so much
for watching today's video tomorrow
we're gonna hopefully get out of this
hospital Ally's feeling really sleepy
right now so I just want to say good
night dude this look really creepy hey
guys hey George
daddy while they do the idea I'm pretty
much an expert I can do this in my sleep
now okay some drug that
thump down
territory
they're aligned with
because units would buy now on hospital
beds Kayla and I are trying to figure
out how
