good morning Internet we're starting the
day again going to the doctor but this
time it's this one as you saw
yesterday's video Ali had 101
temperature she has 102 now so Melissa
came by and we're gonna take her to the
wanted to say vet
that's what used the same going to the
vet or taking her to go to the doctor
and she's completely done for right now
for waters right there instead of in her
mouth she's very stubborn very stubborn
oh you're one to talk
I don't even want you here I'm not
stubborn when I'm sick I'm very
happy-go-lucky you
you're Cinderella over here you and
chase you don't feel left out because
guess what says Chuck Chuck this out I
get the Ninja Turtle way is that which
one is it Michelangelo
yes it's Chuck so Chuck oh I get it
Chuck this out cuz there's no Jake did
it let me see your sticker this is a
cooler mama I'm gonna do it you sure no
shit what'd I do
I don't fish apart I'm doing things look
at you you get an old little hot rod car
again what's going on is Ali is very
super dehydrated so Melissa by the way
our little angel is taking us to the
hospital she needs to get some IV fluids
we're just discussing how funny it is if
it's not me or if it's not Marley for
some Tyson or SOT Phil or if it's not
Ali
it's always somebody weirdest animal
this is the only freaking one the string
I know right there's a lot of trees
around here that's where the healthiest
one here but we got to get out of some
IV fluid because I guess it's like a
kidney infection right now so we have to
make sure it doesn't get into anything
worse go into the hospital and run in
and ask him for a wheelchair yeah she
hits luncher she gets I want ones with
rims one with rims L on a list of emojis
how do you feel
oh no you're not the cool guy right now
Oh which one how do I go back uh that's
you right there
that makes sense here next time you'll
just watch IV want me to do the IV next
time honey I'm pretty much an expert I
can do these in my sleep now okay any
thumbs up yet thumbs up thumbs down
he's always interesting yes they are
covered they are 100% covered you'd
think it'd be an expert by now on
hospital beds Kayla and I are trying to
figure out how to get Ally to lay flat
we can't seem to figure it out
ally was once this tall and now she's at
stall I keep bringing her smaller and
every single time no wait was your et
thing you keeping it it is and there's
this thing that probably will see this
but it confuses me because it looks like
you're going back
yeah the remote would have it I can't
believe we're just faded by one of these
beds I do like how there's a toilet
button on this remote I like it I have
to tell you you know what today is Back
to the Future day now it's the 21st it's
today apparently can't a hungry down you
know you should play for her tiger so
we're hoping right now that it's a flu
like we're hoping for flu-like right
yeah and if not that they might have to
do this um I don't want to say it's a
spinal tap but something like it where
they have to gets like spinal fluid so I
guess it is so I'll be playing Slayer
for if that's the case but you're fine
you got it baby she's kicking ass she's
better at this and I am I have to go
home I forgot to get my medication so
I'm racing home to Google my medication
feed the girls and then I'm coming right
back right now they think maybe it's flu
or
or they actually don't really know
they're kind of like kind of rule out
everything feel so bad for because she's
it's like it's sad as it says like for
me being at a hospital it's just like
second nature unfortunately I don't want
to say that but I think what's going to
end up happening is I have to go for
buffer fest tomorrow but I think I might
have to end up not going which I feel
really terrible for anybody specifically
going to buffer fest to say hi but it's
just one of those things where I have to
put family first and I think a lot of
you guys understand you guys totally
understands the fact that she's here at
the ER for it was the entire day I don't
want to I can't in good conscience leak
leave the country with her feeling the
state you know especially her feeling as
bad she is I know her mom or sister can
take care of her but is just one of
those things that I can't personally do
yeah so today's one of those days
yesterday
Marley had to go to the ER vet and now
Ali had to go to the little er vet for
humans no she's okay she's just getting
some work done that was embarrassing
okay well I'll tell her when I go back I
will tell her but I'm gonna go back
right now I'm here to feed you guys and
I have to go back to the hospital okay I
don't think I can't you can't you can't
go yeah hey look at those eyes got some
concerned eyes huh take is your medicine
though that's where I gotta give you all
right youth I gotta go back to the
hospital you're in charge not you you
are it yep
Zoey are you gonna listen to Zoey
legally-binding in state of Florida okay
so I have to say Ally's probably the
most badass hardcore person I've ever
met my entire life she's literally just
had a spinal tap a lumbar puncture
which is pretty much a spinal tap right
it was like a giant needle in her spine
to make sure she didn't have any like
meningitis virus or anything like that
which by the way she doesn't have so had
some incredible news
so she's right now just kind of resting
and they're probably gonna give her like
a hospital bed just to like let her
sleep and make sure you know and just
check her and make sure we cannot figure
out what's going on I'll probably stay
tonight here just to make sure she's
okay if I can go home and get everything
make sure the girls are okay and then I
come back she's probably passed out
spies fanboy nobody cares that one just
wants to make sure you're okay I can't
really make a vlog super interesting in
the hospital although I could blow up a
hand balloons with the gloves
Ali's freaking hardcore I'm just glad we
brought you here you would feel like
crap tonight if we sold the house and he
has your et thing that I used to always
play with when I I was in the hospital
anyway so we're just waiting for the
results and everything you know breaking
things honey I think you just dropped
your remote you want watching TV photo
much mercy Roku just do it so it looks
like she might have to stay overnight
because there's some that quite sure but
luckily they've ruled out a tremendous
amount of thing so
she's just kind of getting some sleep
right now so we got some good news right
now is that Ally's fever which was 103
at one point is now down to what 98.6
it's normal but she's chattering over
there did you want to say something good
yeah I imagine you'll kneel in it I feel
like I am eat you all good morning it's
definitely really good then yeah I feel
like you're badass huh that's what if
anyone says anything these gradual said
is that down there I know we've kind of
pretty much spent the entire day in the
hospital but just want to make sure
Ellie was okay unfortunately I think I
will not be able to attend buffer fest I
just you know I can't I can't leave the
country without a still in the hospital
oh I know you guys all understand all
that stuff so I don't have to give it to
all that look anyway thank you so much
for this video
I make sure she goes better right now
don't forget to subscribe has a brand
new and we will see from also if you
ever connect to us
toodles and I guess we Knight it and it
feels so good
reunited
so cute
it's pretty adorable mode yes look how
these back is pretty much broken right
now
so the right little you're getting an
Erica mommy Oh can't do that
it defeats the purpose
