hey guys so it is Sunday and you you
know what we're gonna be doing a
one-take right now and it doesn't matter
if people think I'm weird or not or at
this one I'm too loud way to do these
things but yet Sunday we're gonna try to
do another one take today Ali and I are
going to was a jingle bell Jingle Ball I
don't remember I know it's a concert
next week okay next big thing where
they're gonna have bunch of bands X
ambassadors & Rubicam and the wilderness
Paramore and a bunch of other bands and
we thought it'd be kind of a fun fun pay
fun day is what I'm trying to say you
don't look actually kind of funny you
know it's funny I know is that I nailed
it the last time they didn't mess up
once
last Sunday for the one take and now I'm
already screwing everything up which
band are you exactly yeah all of them
we're getting a little bit of a late
start but that's okay
looks like all these people are as well
I don't know it's kind of it's exciting
because it's kind of like I don't
usually get to go to a lot of concerts
because obviously you know kind of
playing them all the time so when Ali
wants to go to a show I'm either burned
out and I don't want to oh yeah
something like
anyways we'll clear and Cassie was here
for three months I remember there was so
I wanted to see last year not last with
you great after work for like there's
like no way am I going to do that
outside you know okay all I want to have
is air conditioning but no it's like a
really exciting because I'm just kind of
getting like really stoked for the fact
that a bunch of toys are coming up we're
going to New Zealand Australia and
there's what other things as you can't
tell you right now but I'm getting like
really kind of pumped for that because
it's been a while since we've actually
been on the road I think the last one is
the 10-year tour so I mean like I'm just
actually really really really getting
excited at the end so hopefully we'll
get to see a bunch of you guys when we
go out there get the free drinks babe
joy drinking before we drink alcohol or
after is it okay got a love free stuff
what is it one of those things where
it's like that preventative thing so it
makes me so bad you don't get me over
that's like that's really really how
does that work no actually I want to
taste it my wife everyone oh god it does
it smells of a giant vitamin yeah yeah
there's a very scary at all its harm to
guys with a bunch of a cave is you gonna
be able drink ago
oh yeah actually you know what whatever
thing I was gonna try to talk to you
guys about that's the only thing about
doing these videos is that I kind of
they're so slow behind you think it's
just runs I just like the get place is
really fast point A to point B heat
within like half the time like this is
me walking normal I know I just want to
show him like this is being walking
normal and there's my wife all the way
back there
anyway now bad pop up they're going up
too many things I got vitamins now hop
up there you got it didn't make it too
far it's actually gonna be kind of cool
too I haven't seen Paramore on a very
very long time okay well we got a hold I
like your purse they don't let you have
backpacks so Ali's using your backpack
as a purse little tricks tricks of the
trade of the concerts once you've played
a couple concerts or tours and stuff
like that you kind of know the loopholes
in the system
Yeah right
Thanks we got we got the long ones right
yeah you have do half of it oh forget
the tickets
can someone take gun
oh they're gonna let me through oh no
thanks
huh oh wait look no bag line no I'm
going through here going down Walter
have anything back pocket yeah so far
that's it
yeah belt I do have a belt manse will
fall down now we have to wait
Oh with all the things they're
confiscating
oh yeah doing these one takes and like
while you're moving somewhere and kind
of get through something I'm surprised
they didn't tell me to put the camera
away just proof of security I guess
that's pretty good
here's the other thing I like to do like
we've you know like a warp tour we've
done a like a lot of amphitheaters
that's what worked or usually is so I
kind of know the secrets of
amphitheaters like where you can go to
like secret places and so I always like
the eye on it like here's one right here
it takes us right to the stage probably
couldn't get through that one it would
be pretty funny though all right now we
just looked away for Ally so this is
chat what do you guys been up to huh
just hanging out yeah
oh I know I know I'm not going in there
yeah we're good we're good
I'm not gonna go in there I don't want
to see I was always talking about
totally new that was a secure place
so I'm just trying to see what time
Ali's gonna get through here either she
if any guesses VC if I think if she's
gonna actually get let in here know if
you could see a here she is
he got through she got the drugs on it's
actually kind of funny I got yelled at
over there by the lady thinking I was
trying to like sneak into the secure
area it's something like that I was just
walking back and forth no no I gotta
keep doing this I'm gonna see how far I
can go I just can't stop no I got to see
if I can do this you wanna win a car
yeah let's get the ticket I just want to
see how far to go without them telling
me to turn off the camera
okay area 11 to 14 all right you're
enough through
you want to share first a nice bed the
Foo Fighters are coming here in April
reason will cease
oh my god then benders get off at all
with the pixies okay let's show you Game
of Thrones where you see a very fun game
of Thrones I don't know is that a bad
night
Julianne yeah we're doing a one-take you
want to say hi don't mess up
pressures on okay hi CTFxC sure it's not
the zoom feeling if al was doing okay
we're good
Giuliana Giuliana yeah
pressures on right now that way you can
enjoy this confident are you guys from
here yeah okay what's your name one more
time Cassidy and Giuliana right hello
yeah are you gonna come to the next we
the kings show you know the home town
shows on the 27th oh they have to tell
you that 27th of December December it's
free okay this works out perfectly I
like how this works
thank you yeah okay I expected now if
she's not here we're gonna we're gonna
come for you to hometown show the 27
okay yeah yep yep I was just telling how
it works out totally perfect yeah yeah
everything have you gone to a show I
know
well your was that well you it was that
so three years ago so it was the
somewhere somehow or I think 14 yeah
yeah that's really really they took my
senior pictures and my sister's wedding
pictures and stuff this is a super small
world
this is turned into a nice one take
right now I'm enjoying okay thank you
guys for coming out and being a part of
this
we've hired them they're here see you
guys enjoy the show bye all right well I
think on that note guys we're gonna go
enjoy the show and
that was perfect yeah actually let's get
to our spots first then we'll say good
night night good night good night good
day you want a shirt okay I'm crushing
this one thing spell no what a show more
gonna fit I want to show I want to show
I know but I want to show them I just
want to show we're way up here this is
where at all right getting some food all
right all right I'm gonna go up there
and find out where we're gonna sit
I just want to go see the amphitheater
before we say bye
all right so are you guys feeling about
that one takes you think I'm doing
pretty good
alright alright alright alright
Oh God
let's go up
this is actually where we came and
watched it shows that camp with Melissa
Oh Incubus
this is where we came to watch it
Incubus so it's always got a good sound
system not a breath right now
and just like I think this is good
probably could be like a a theme every
time I use these one takes I either walk
way then lose my wife or she gets
distracted by something
no one asked me if I can find her
you guys the air it's like Waldo
if you guys notice you have the iPhone
10 because I've noticed that the space
ID doesn't always work
they're like looking they don't like
they complete
okay this isn't a cut what just happened
is the battery on the the camera or an
SD card got full or some sort of just
continued okay I'm coming
so yeah technically guys this still is
the one cake the problem is that the SD
card screwed up so I had to restart it
that's okay I'm just gonna keep going
that's okay right you guys gonna forgive
me for that one
all right you ready to say say bye
alright guys well we will see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to check
out everything in description and have a
great night bye guys sorry I kept trying
to get them off but I want to go listen
to music alright
