always something with you mind
good morning Internet
so today we're going to go fix Marley as
you can tell she's very excited about
that
Marley ready to go to that we had to
leave Zoey which by the way is probably
the worst thing they ever can do it's
like they hate each other but they love
each other watch when we get home how
excited they're gonna be when it's each
other let's go go get fixed that is
messed up and really weird I already did
that better you see higher now the
hallways back at the fat with you looks
like Miley has a staph infection you put
your head down and Shane always
something with you morning well I'm not
by every year something going on for the
past like seven years of these vlogs
every one of them something with her in
the winter so you got an ear infection
again so yeah so she is a doggie staph
infection which isn't scary is this
normal standard but no because if Angela
tells on there's a hurricane here in the
intersection here saddest puppy even
diesel or like vent buddies that's where
their friends oh god my brother in yeah
I miss you that's a gasser hey your
words are shattered no just don't air
here phille following up a golf cart and
then no hair here throwing up the
gunfire right how was it well you're the
one that's sick well you know it's your
fault reunited and it feels so good
reunited get over but you're so cute
that's pretty adorable money yeah look
Audis back is pretty much broken right
now
little by little you get an Erica mommy
oh I can't do that it defeats the
purpose
come on these are feeding the whole
purpose of Medicine no no nope
test a in the ear balls I know it's like
Shania's this wants to see what you're
doing it hey come here
yes come on stop okay thank you
now you're free okay where's the Zoey
you fly hunter where is it
Zoey just ran around the house looking
for a fly did you find it is it behind
the bag and removed the bag for you
there it is Lois I don't eat him he's
free
you did good job you're lucky that
wasn't a bee Zoey did the same thing
when she was younger to Abby and I'm
gonna show you what she did she still
has it I think I've showed you guys this
with that little spot right there that
was when you were little and stupid less
smart I should say they're still they're
dumb but professors in like two or three
days I decided I needed your hair cut
because it's getting a little too long
on the sides so she got my hair cut look
it's not too bad until she's not too
sure what I want to do something nice
for
streamcon
don't worry I'm not growing it out to
put the long streak of red streak in
there never gonna do that again never
gonna do that that was an embarrassing
time of my life thinking what I want to
do I don't really know what I want to do
with it but I kind of want to grow out
just a little bit just a I don't really
know do you guys have any ideas I always
stuck a hairstyle Ali's not feeling very
good that's why she was at home right
now she her back is completely out of it
right now I think she started getting
sick - probably the volcano and probably
jumping off a cliff
so I gotta go get her some medicine and
we're kind of switching roles remember
when I was really sick as she was taking
care of me now I'm taking care of her
this there's a guy right there I'm
talking about now you feeling any better
still out of it no I feel worse get your
guard dog down there she's good at doing
that she guards everyone how you feeling
over there you're immediately the best
uber driver ever is the fact that you
have to starburst back here and the five
stars every time with me that man is
already the greatest uber driver I've
ever had thank you hit most people have
mints or something like that but the
starbursts
key to my heart Kylie pretty much killed
it when I was sick so I have to kind of
bring it up a little bit make sure she's
okay all right where's the stuff she
needs
okay so my driver said I told him you
were sick and he gave you these and said
it helps you feel better you alive down
there Marley
okay between you and you you're the only
one that's not sick right now thank you
for helping you guys remember how I used
to always like drive the golf cart
around the other house and I pretty much
could do it blindfolded ever since we
moved I haven't really been chewed off
too much I'm just afraid it's definitely
not as convenient that's for sure the
roads are a little bit more busy than go
through but it's gonna have a trade-off
a little bit more I am definitely
finding my way around so Ellie is still
not feeling too good so I'm going to go
to the store and make dinner but I want
to show you this Zoe it's not left her
side
Marly on the other hand it's going
underneath to protect make sure no
monsters are under the bed it's very
it's very crucial so he takes the top
Marly takes the bar you guarding a
little gargoyle kind of soup do you want
cheese out so I got some fresh soup for
Allie and apply it there we go
apparently they have pumpkins please
English muffins now that'll make her
feel better hey honey
you awake no you protecting you Zoe
you're supposed okay your wake know one
of the most of them or one of the most
annoying things is like when you're
super hungry you don't know what you
want you end up like craving like 15
things at one time like for example I
just made three different things and I
don't think I want any of them right now
that is the most annoying thing ever
like you spend all the time cooking and
then when you're done you're like me I
don't really want that and you start
cooking something else and the by the
time we're done with that you're like me
you don't want that I just made chicken
salad a peanut butter sandwich an egg
sandwich like an Egg McMuffin
essentially a Charles McMuffin there's
gonna call it Charles McMuffin and I had
that pie and I've got soup and the
cornbread luckily all this stuff is
stuff that you can use you know over
time hopefully Ally's hungry it's the
worst thing in the world obviously not
the worst thing in the world I'm just
being dramatic it's just annoying as
all right Internet I don't know I just
do the circle right now I'm gonna try to
finish cleaning up the house when Ali
wakes up hopefully she feels a little
better and house would be nice and clean
anyway so thank you so much for watching
today's video
I know Marley's feeling a little bit
better she's I gave a piece of
watermelon she's way better watch I'll
show ya watermelon sit do you feel
better shake there we go
feel better oh so just after dinner I
started feeling a lot worse I think she
might be getting a fever I want to get a
thermometer and double check and make
sure cuz she's kind of shivering I've
had a cold compress that very bit best
it definitely makes things a lot more
difficult when you can't drive
it's one of those things kind of makes
me feel a lot more useless I guess I
know that's not the case
super thing going on my head I'll get
her this I was gonna find 10 seconds or
30 seconds twice the price for 20 more
seconds so we're gonna have to wait 30
seconds because I didn't get the ten
second one it's about 101 honey thanks
for watching today's video and as always
if you guys are brand new please don't
forget to click that little subscribe
button so you can hang out every single
day and we will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night dude sleeping
on the job
wanna guess big boy
300 calories 100 gems of fat sodium zero
not sweet at all you're not sugar at all
yeah by that on
who else
it's not interesting that such a kid's
name is so damn scary
College is the only
I want to walk in the daylight with this
freak out if I was walking around just
normally
