kill his brain was that your brain
asked though we're at the the wonderful
Caesar doctor right now and we're gonna
hopefully get some more information
my dad's worse than I am you always goes
through things that's coming so my brain
is still working it has some resets
pretty cool it's a little moody I think
he had some uh some answers and some
solutions so listen that actually works
we're happy I told him I was willing to
bed I'm a hundred dollars you're so with
him so confident and I was like okay I
would be $100 yeah well you're putting
against him no I was just reading on his
confidence he wouldn't do it
yeah no no he wouldn't do it because he
cares yeah yes that's very true
baby - what do you want what excuse me
all right you can come in the house this
is Ali's for everything in the world
just to give me the book we had to get
Marly benadryl because he's gonna eat
herself I haven't eaten out of it
why do you label it how's that common
sense
she was goes faster is this more for
them or you you try to figure out what
goes on Bobby's brain and I feel like
this is the this is it
so as you guys know every single year
about this time Marley has this crazy
allergy attack and she's pretty much
been itching like crazy so I thought of
this idea and then maybe that keeps her
from itching and it actually has helped
she just gives up she's like I'm gonna
shirt here yeah put your shirt back on I
think it's working cuz there's so much
cloth so when she tries to itch she
gives up and falls asleep it's for your
own good
look you're losing it on your face -
every year Marley okay so it's Monday
and I'm having a very very hard time
adjusting to the time difference I'm
exhausted I'm like I couldn't sleep last
night
sounds crazy cuz I wasn't really like
gone for that long but the six-hour
change is just like screwed me up kind
of good news they think so they
supposedly found my bag found out that
the airline that I went on never put my
bag on the plane they said that they
sent it with JetBlue
so they sent it on my plane never did
never did any of that missing Hawaii
like crazy it was the time of my life
I'm actually trying to put together like
a really cool compilation of my entire
trip through my eyes and I'm gonna put
it on my channel I'm really excited it's
probably gonna take me a little bit but
I'm gonna try and start posting a little
bit more on my channel it's something
that trying I'd been discussing I don't
really know which way I'm gonna go with
the whole channel thing but I will see
him I just it's a
just a challenge I'm really excited to
start I like how they have just a
section of spiders look at this one when
you want these okay we got make sure not
to leave her camera this time okay cool
do you guys remember when I was a little
was we're in on tour and there was a
theme park and Danny and I filmed that
entire video there like we had our own
personal theme park they had like one of
these things it was like a person a girl
and a guy like this and then when I went
like this they were like nude it was
very weird I guess big boy apparently in
a hand there are only 300 calories 100
grams of fat sodium zero definitely it's
not the league's not sweet at all
there's not sugar at all good cat mahat
grub yeah yeah try that on who else
clowns it's kind of interesting that
such a kid thing it's so damn scary
yummy deluxe I kind of like this but
they I want to get this I want to vlog
an entire day like this would this freak
out if I was walking around just
normally - is this what you're gonna
look like in 40 years I don't know my
balls like pokin out there loosely how's
it moving with your mouth
it's my my right eye of Goddess buntings
hello you're winking at me why are your
eyes like that
Rizzo so guys this was gonna look like
when we're vlogging like 50 years from
now conundrum
what should we do be for Halloween this
year last year we killed it would be
Grandma and Grandpa thing if you missed
it here's a little tiny little clip of
what we did last year
don't shut all the time hey big mouth
smile you're telling what to do for sure
it's the whole getup guys it did fight
two wars the best part about that is
valleys
you can't even dog it's not safe
you can't even breathe the most unsafe
thing I've ever heard of in my entire
life
what the funny thing about Ali dressing
up as a grandma is that she stayed in
character till now she's still called
spill filly I think we're actually gonna
be in New York City for Halloween for
four streamcon I think we were out there
for stream time careful you always cut
your arm off like Aqua Teen Hunger Force
arise chicken
arise chicken arise well you know that's
what you had it deal with your king you
have to deal with these things so I
brought my bird would you please put
your snake back in your pants honey just
relax just relax this is like a toy
store for you
and you see that did you say honey let's
pull an avatar kinect kinect tails your
saggy tail course you TIF effect this is
just a geet ale I kept you a butterfly
yeah you could be a butterfly
yeah but the freaking reach its a
monarch butterfly we should probably say
our neighbor has a butterfly garden
you should just fly it in there and just
stopping and everything we are you lazy
bum please wait why does this hurt I am
that's why I'm College to you what up
dude how you doing please look deep v
she's like no I gotta pee on the
brand-new grass she's she's very sassy
right now she's smart she's a smart
cookie
sweet yeah good girl take a high five
that's her go to sleep please Marley's
demanding I don't know what the Freak
keeps happening
it's so insane okay so I literally had
it off there's no water going
sucking water admittedly the well I
realize I hear it and I never thought
I'd be complaining about my yard
fudge bucket let's go and I've Marley's
gonna poop so bad I'm sorry I'm not
Jewish
this pooping in a t-shirt Marlee put on
this fashion show hey like every like
cart listening cartoon like you know
Donald Duck and everything they never
wear pants but they always have shirts
on yeah hey where you going
Zoe come on it's gonna get her watched
it's gonna get her way
Goodyear's go back figured I have to get
a jump start on my scary movie binge and
I'm kind of watching a classic it's one
of my favorite scary movies ever called
Monster Squad there know what it is they
blew it I don't know the vampire hunters
and the monster hunters and things like
that target students
