good morning Internet so today I'm
fixing at least iPhone since I broke
that the other day wonder where in
Hawaii I was trying to film with a GoPro
and everyone was like Charles don't
bring that in it but the thing of the
GoPros you need to use this little you
later
and naturally I slipped face-first I
think some of the other people have it
online I think was actually doing some
was doing a live show my face first in
the water with the iPhone expected so
visually all they could do is face the
wall heads up we're getting searched by
the Applebee's last couple days and had
some issues with the internet Wi-Fi they
looking at Wi-Fi a little pumpkin spice
latte I'm sitting here on the corner of
the Apple Store just running to make
sure I can get her phone like restored
an awesome we the Kings fan actually
does help me out and Rose the see Gavin
see fan in here that welcomes Alfie I
love this Apple Store
the board's they lost your bag though
anyway so I was like sitting here
waiting kinda like oh look at that tall
blonde
no she's kind of hot I looked over in
those alley just walking her by so she's
lucky that I thought she was hot
otherwise she was just walking by did we
tell you guys a mine like actually got
up submerged in water and Ally's just
got dripped and hers broke and mines
fine here's a little tip if you guys are
ever hungry and at the ball all you got
to do the Chinese or Japanese Steakhouse
coolers you'll always get the samples
just do that a couple times but I had on
some sunglasses
it's called beams
it's like they forgot something in
manufacturer yeah that's the word you
don't like they make you feel
uncomfortable I feel incredibly
uncomfortable I see those on you coming
a tiny turtle it's a baby ninja turtle
we're gonna go to the water come on just
so tiny you are freaking adorable all
right
go over here try not to cross the road
next time you idiot which is gonna be so
tiny and light you're on a lily pad now
enjoy your life I owe you I'll accept it
it's always so rewarding when you save a
baby turtle that's the first turtle that
sighs I've actually ever seen alive on
the side of the road so we're gonna go
eat lunch right now and since obviously
Ally's right here we're gonna we're
gonna little flashback to where
yesterday or the other day where she was
in the volcano but we weren't able to
get it in there like it was so good it
was so scary oh my god oh my god I'm
like excited so why we go eat lunch I'm
gonna cut to Ally's footage of her in a
volcano and they'll be right back
simmer down take a deep breath take a
deep breath deep breath
you guys are in the cave and we are
under
for the rest of my life
a very sacred
do not take lava rocks because my friend
used to work here and they would get
pounds of lava sent back back safely
we're all back in the crater and we're
gonna go to the lava flow like children
of the corn gone Hawaii we're gonna go
check out the lava flow it's kind of
like in the distance I think right there
is that where it is it's kind of
crapping out though so I'm not sure how
well the visibility's something like
what I often is telling us there's just
a crazy kind of storm that went on so
it's really making visibility almost
non-existent so that's where we were
today guys right over here this is kind
of
right out there I'll see you guys to
sauces all right now let's move you know
pictures so you guys like what we decide
it's a little climbing sword oh there's
a lot of moxie
I guess these are lava rocks that's
crazy
here else is adventurous guys she's
electrostatic make sure you go check out
matheus Jason shows so much of the
awesome stuff of the boss today which
honestly I can't show it all so you get
it check her out there great actually
so this is how do you say that hello way
up Kilauea volcano summit just imagine
if you saw that in Hawaii I'd be done I
would be done I would have flown out the
same day and we're back into volcanoes I
know I told Zoey Marly clean the house
and they did open it
focus come on good girl
see when you focus you can do things
all right Internet hope you enjoyed
today's video and I have got to say I
can only say it sucks that I couldn't be
there but I'm glad out how it was like a
little reporter on scene reporter on
that one tomorrow I'm actually going to
the seizure doctor so hopefully this guy
actually is like knows what's going on
so wish me luck guys next trip is
actually this weekend I'll be at buffer
fest in Toronto hopefully I'll see you
guys there subscribe here and for all
the fun in the action so bye guys
it's actually
that volume needs to be up way more than
that it's an occasion in the news
