it's
yeah we're good morning internet going
home Oh finally and it's like 30 degrees
right now I gotta look at some more
jackets we're just wearing more of my
own hoodies that's what I'm gonna do I
don't need by jacket so does where all
the hoodie side have going home think
Danny's hopefully behind us there is no
bag open the door no no no no Oh Rosalie
I just got notification now my second
leg of my flight is delayed again I
don't want complain because as long as
the plane flies I'm okay with it yep
delayed Ben I can't see you why are you
been good been winds never wanted and
almost got it bad didn't let him in you
get very close I get many scattered you
tried to bring him through yeah she got
a good out iron fist you should've this
one like this my new prosthetic I lost
my hand they replaced it with a very
ironic little thing to make me laugh cut
his hand off burn more it's thanks
looking
that volume needs to be up way more to
then it's an occasion I love how that
thing has finally gotten under Travis's
skin plug I'm inventing Clark again oh
this is telling Danny this place hasn't
changed much since we're here yesterday
they all just left me for the bathroom I
know I'm CBD Johnson with ya I wanted
Alan fusho do a cameo with him yeah can
I be his image in the mirror mirror
mirror on the wall you're over that time
when he actually there was this time I
don't know how many years ago how did it
at four or five years ago listen week
yeah yeah no no you didn't beat him I
was on Twitter oh yeah we were like
twittering tweeting John Stamos for fun
well at a bar and he actually replied
and said that Kohli was more handsome
than it was right cuz he Flav's just
came I saw a sign that said he's the
guitar players he's a drummer cheesy
very town with the guitar players player
'used player is different I don't know
what that is I had no idea what a guitar
but John Stamos a little loud heavy on
time
sweetheart i'm in tampa at the airport
we just talked to Ali she's getting on
her plane right now to show you guys
this it's not necessarily Ted however
some of these fish we just literally saw
the ocean it went flying out of Sarasota
airport will put you in tampa airport we
should find a new fish until we see Ted
again this one seems to have a lot of
spunk call him David hello David
take care see since it's been a really
quite a long time since I've flown out
of Sarasota airport since I've moved I
figured we should have a new tradition
we have two of attrition every time we
fly home versus just getting you know in
the airport and going home so we have to
say hi to David every time we come all
the blue fish or whatever kind of fish
that is if you guys know how to fish
that is let me know in the comments
please and we will adjust his name hey
oh I know I foresaw it smells so bad
right now are you doing how you fellas
mouth shut it would be good what is
going on over here you're eating poop
you don't eat poop yeah taste it and see
if it's my legs put your face in there
your thing he's not open all the way I
look at that there we go should taste it
okay Marley is this poop rolling it let
me know you're the expert let me know if
this is poop okay is that sensitive
she's like that's my poop i don't want
to roll my own poop that's when I caught
you rolling in for twice now even
something over here sir would you like a
hammock would you like a hammock a
martini perhaps all right i'll shut up
eating like bed come on grabber toy
bring it up here don't hang out with me
oh my gosh that feels so good hi how are
you you missed me didn't ya did you
mom's coming home tomorrow morning it
was a little though the dog Marley come
wow you actually listened I was not
expecting her to do that at all
dude remember yesterday's video Daniel
songs a little short about how the
centipede followed him on the plane and
his backpack I'm not taking that chance
in the house especially at that freaking
spider take it I'm gonna empty
everything out now outside I'm not
taking that Matt Domm I'm not taking the
chance see if there's anything in here
the goal is that there's nothing in here
my toothbrush on the bottom of
everything it's got to be usable again
be it no scorpions are centipedes or
anything going in my butt I say but my
body or my blood so far so good looks
like there's nothing in here thank God I
would have freaked out there's a spider
here I woulda legit freaked out so we
had some camera fatalities while we're
in Hawaii see the problem is you can't
bring all of these cameras into applet
raupp achill place because you want to
get everything especially reading
vloggers I want to basically take you
everywhere got it nice and a little bit
of sand because it's so fine over there
that lava rock let's talk about
yesterday it's no water and the sand as
well gets into everything including the
freaking lens this thing I think the
battery wouldn't even come out earlier
do you better wouldn't come out
pain in the ass anyway thank God for
warranties well since I've made friends
here and they see me so much every time
I come with a camera though it's just
like what you do now Charles they're
actually just gonna replace for all shit
this one's we're broken up to maybe I'll
send this one out there I want to ask
you guys something who remembers when
this was relevant CD books for this
you'd have this in your car and it be
basically the heaviest thing that you
possibly have I remember I had like
three of these things this full of CDs
now you just have like a phone and it
has like 20 million song what are you
doing what are you doing oh it's
actually first time I'm actually laid on
the bed since I've been home I've been
trying so hard not to do it because I
know if I did I would have slept the
entire day and because I didn't I was so
freaking productive got the camera I got
two of the cameras two of the three
cameras that are broken fixed already
from ye I also did my laundry I cleaned
up a little bit in the house cuz when
Ali comes home I wanted to have to just
you know relax as well to a clean house
cuz that's the best thing in the world
like when you go for any sort of trip
well there's a day two weeks a month
whatever it is a tour like coming from a
tour to a clean house is the best thing
in the world I swear to you cuz you're
all cramped up in a little tour bus and
we come back to your house it's so
spacious and everything's clean there's
not dirty guys all around he's not dirty
socks not dirty underwear completely got
off track anyway so I talked to Ali
she's on her way home now thank God was
i freaking miss her so much it's it's so
funny like she's definitely my better
half she always is the type of person
that like when I feel bummed out or down
or uninspired she always finds a way to
like basically light a fire under my ass
figuratively obviously she's really
literally light a fire under my ass
although that would probably a funny
video in itself gets me going gets me
motivated and she'll be home tomorrow I
really pumped I can't wait to see her
footage for the volcano because I'll
Instagram I saw
Jack Ansley Allison all the people by
posting photos from the volcano it looks
freaking amazing and obviously Ali
couldn't because I kill her phone her
cell phone I gotta go phone fixed that's
what the first thing I gotta do when she
gets home yeah i know i'm bad i am bad
with technology that's why i always get
the warranty this is a brand new camera
this is brand new you guys are on a
brand new camera right now does it look
any better but if the lens is clean
everything is pristine camera will never
look this good ever again so savor my
stupid face right now ready to save it
hope you savored it hey ding dong what
are you doing hey hey what are you doing
where's Tyson Tyson where's Jason well
you're not supposed to be in here you're
supposed to be watching Tyson one of the
best things about being home is I don't
stink anymore because when we're staying
was basically essentially it was camping
to the max I love camping but I love
showers just as much let's just say this
for when we the kings ms whooped or ever
again which i'm sure we will i will
never be complaining about showers again
after this experience go follow my
receipts oh there's ding dong too i went
to get the dogs after letting them out i
noticed this little guy and after this
trip nothing like this even this doesn't
even freaked me out just a freaking
little moth you're not a freaking
tarantula I can't handle your mouth or
that's what I call it dinner this is
really what we're teaching our kids now
that bubbles are in 3d and that that
their acts
in real life
what is going on think very difficult
that let's get various to this question
do you want to go to space Tessa's plan
it's free player game now see there's my
favorite thing about this game is
there's always one little kernel that
goes somewhere that they don't see and
then one time they're like I'm tomorrow
maybe later in the day they're gonna be
walking behind the goal literally like
this for example there's one over there
mine yeah I see it hi guys look like f
and before I go I just want to say thank
you so much for watching today's video I
hope you enjoyed Hawaii it was probably
the best areas of the best thing ever
what's wire the best thing ever best
thing ever and we are so glad that you
guys were able to come with us on our
little adventure I guess you could say
anyway if you guys are brand-new don't
forget to click Subscribe because we
have trial we have new york city then I
think New Zealand and Australia coming
up we will see us from Oz always have a
great night i say i feel like i think is
probably gonna take this idea yep yep I
just want full credit to be Travis
slo-mo on the fire
