good morning guys we are back in LAX on
the halfway point to tell them what
happened otherwise
I think the one thing that we're sold
not to like like worried about I mean
that was to worry about I could say
followed any on the plane we're going on
on another flight
I'm gonna try to edit this one I
couldn't do it I just had to sleep it's
weird being at different times don't
know I want to say one more thing but
it's not we have two more plates now
keep going like that and so we just got
to Atlanta and this is how I'm uploading
yesterday's vlog you guys were pure
history we've got to make sure it's
online well I would like to say we're
here but apparently we had a functioning
plane and so we have to go on another
plane after waiting for an hour and I'm
stressing out because I haven't got the
vlog off yet so I got a rush over there
crappy airplane sandwiches
I thought it would be not a big deal but
the engineering cleared out but they can
just color that circuit breaker and
disconnect the wires going to the taxi
light now we can go so at least we know
they can fix it those words so apologize
and sometimes these things just happen
if we don't make this show we're trying
we've gotten off one dead plane onto
another dead plane I made some friends
over here we're just chuckling at the
fact that was the first one it was it
was a blinking light to some sort of
blink I don't we don't know what it is
it just bleed it wasn't blinking that
was the issue and I think this one what
they're doing is it doesn't blink when
they can in Reverse
so I think what they're doing is they're
gonna rewire it it sounds safe
you want to drive we freakin made it
finally
that was kind of one of the most unique
adventures that we've ever had first
plane like I was saying earlier had a
broken blinky
second one had a broken tourney or here
and it was so funny because the first
one we waited 45 minutes then they told
us what was going on then we got on the
next one and then f-16s Danny I was like
why aren't we taking off yet and then
that you know came on the intercom these
guys heard it in the last clip got the
car and they gave us an upgrade where we
in a pot Impala a brand new one we're
definitely I don't know which is worse
Danny with his lost contacts or me
driving there's another Impala rap song
or song let me know in the comments
right I actually drove it around to pick
Danny up he felt pretty cool I felt cool
cutting out the drive for a little bit
trying to figure out who would drive the
car right now
and I think it's safer for Danny to
drive did his glasses on I don't think I
ever dressed or anybody addressed the
water in Kona
it's not it's super clear as you guys
saw I mean it's crystal clear like a
fish tank but the thing is they're these
little tiny microscopic lava rocky
fucking lava rock he's loading wrong
microscopic like the whole trip the
theme for me was fucking lava rock so
when you open your eyes underwater
you're literally rock is getting in your
eyes so it's not as awesome as you would
think
yeah it really does because speaking of
which Ally is Rena going to evolve Kano
that's why she stayed back and we're
gonna get her footage when she comes
home because the Internet is so super
slow she won't get it back to me in time
so it's just you guys are hanging out
with me today I know I'm sorry can hang
all the guys too so be ok
one GoPro Ally's iPhone a g7x my toe my
other toe is something else has been
broken and I literally just flew across
the world right now to play the show and
I just need to get on stage start
running around because I'm so cooped up
terrible here's the thing I could drive
to don't make me drive all yesterday's
video if you didn't watch Esther's video
go watch yesterday's video it's probably
the coolest thing I've ever done
swimming with wild dolphins jumping off
of a waterfall but the funny thing is we
did all that and then we got an airplane
because we couldn't take a shower now
we were the stinky ones on the plane we
finally were the stinky ones on the
plane
we're here for the bonfire its next you
light it up I have a natural glow what I
gotta do is get close enough under those
lights and shown this just reflect just
like you know when you have the
magnifying glass they're gonna light a
bonfire right now relating the bomb
follow Greg Travis's prescription
glasses where's the break come on you
it's all singed off now huh I feel like
I think this is probably gonna take this
idea yep yep
I just want full credit to be Travis
slow-mo on the fire have a good shit was
twice you get closer than that machine
out close to redheads can get to the
fire that's it
Travis Clark of we the king that's it
he's looking so pissed right now
University that's where we're at right
now and then when the fire starts we'll
take a photo
stole one and drove it into a lake I
didn't have to stay like that the whole
time I got it are you ready any shoes
what size shoes here I got socks and
cheese
he's what are you size 5 I'm gonna take
a nice word for that that is so bad
guess what color my dog is how did dog
hair get inside of my shoe to the stage
sup JJ / hunter what's that thing I lost
my camera so I'm using the GoPro right
now I got cameras out the wazoo
this actually take three of this because
the camera kept screwing up they're not
recording but Danny and I just literally
traveled across the world in about 12
hours so we're gonna go to bed and fly
home it was freaking awesome I'm already
missing Hawaii you missed why already
Hawaii was amazing that was like one of
the greatest things I've ever done and
I'm glad you guys got to come I'm glad
we got to bring Danny don't forget to
subscribe if you guys are brand new and
actually Ally's footage will hopefully
be home tomorrow she went to a ball que
no I'm actually gonna call her right now
so actually before I go North Carolina
wants to say something you guys just a
second the camera apparently didn't
record so I lied sorry
North Carolina have a great day
