good morning Internet des 3des ye we're
here with Allison we're getting ready to
actually go swim with dolphins out in
the wild
I'm so excited that's Sydney I like how
there's just beautiful Hawaiian scenery
I like dog she's trying to teach me some
words on her channel couldn't do it now
haha
okay way off there's so many like
syllables you forget the first one after
you hear the seven
we swam with some dolphins
it was awesome not expected so cool I'm
a true Pisces true Pisces
that was freaking unbelievable I really
had no other way to really describe it
cuz remember when we were in Cancun we
got there like step in the water you
don't really swim with dolphins it was
kind of like one of those things where
it was like very caged did you feel
really bad but these things were just in
the wild this is what the GS here I'm
calling the entire time so we're going
to this local place to get some local
Kampuchea and you know do what the
locals here right this is our new friend
Kia and she's gonna play Slayer for us
Mady :
Charles Trippy a few of the beautiful
people that are oh okay we got all these
beautiful ladies here as well that was
great that was very beautiful
awkward now okay and I'm gonna do it
again so guys these are really uterus
here's one of our tour guides who's
gonna bring us to the beautiful
waterfall yeah got goats that's Stefan
look at him going great you're so
beautiful David one hell of an adventure
kind of hiking through we have no
frickin idea where but that flips with
us art about this because what is this
the best part is we have to
remember the way we came because our
adventure guide is leaving early so yeah
we might be stayin in Hawaii for quite
some time
we're looking for a waterfall and poor
ality just got stung by a bee gees the
trooper right now pushing through it
yeah it's um twice on this trip once in
Alaska gosh oh my gosh Wow
yeah I'm not gonna do that just laughs
anything
you're always tripping jiffy
no that's
these cows and horses eating Chipotle no
idea how we did this I should say I did
this I can't say that because everything
we've been doing amazing this is
actually easier than anything we saw
there's the waterfall
Oh worth it
this is why the best way to do it
that is so cool
a little worried on that one
ha
Charles Charles go for the highest tier
in the first try
Allie do you have any words for Charles
guitar I love it
he always didn't make it fun
I gotta go home play show and I think
Ali's this doubt one more day and go to
a volcano footage and I will put it in
the video for you guys
yeah why guys this is a black thank you
so much for off max for sending us all
out here because honestly honestly one
of those once-in-a-lifetime opportunity
when we were out here the whole time I
had very little bars I'm like my phone
and they had all these androids with
alpha max on their phone so that's how
are you able to get the vlogs uploaded
on time because basically what they do
is to compress everything super super
duper super duper you get what I'm
saying so make sure to go download that
if you have an Android device here's the
thing okay you have a contest going on
right now lease on their description I
want you guys don't represent the CTFxC
go there vote so that way we go to Peru
and show that you have a deep Peru
because we've never been there either so
below and enter into the contest because
honestly I showed you yesterday the
water was cold but the waterfall was
really cool he's a little bit dirty but
once you got in it and you were cold and
dirty you didn't care because your
adrenaline and my heart was beating so
fast and then I tried to go flip you
dead but then at the last minute I
didn't want to do a flip so I I just my
upside down today has been so
unbelievably like moving and life
changing we are doing some of the
craziest stuff I mean we cram a lot of
really intense things into today and it
was just so perfect I know I've been
saying this the whole trip but this
scenery is
it's unlike anything I've ever seen in
my entire life I'm just so blessed to be
here right now we made a lot of really
cool new friends and you know I'm sure
you guys will see them in our videos and
make sure you go and check out each and
every single one of these people out
here they're all incredible guys can you
see the rainbow right there I'll give
you guys 50 bucks if you bring the car
up here
no antenna you go ahead you touch that
thing
not really don't touch it
anyway so we're saying bye
I just wanna say thank you Allison's
adventures for helping us through the
entire time and literally making sure we
don't die because there were so many
things that could possibly kill us check
out this guy's hat I need to walk 10
feet away from you at all times say say
be right back right back I'll see you in
a little bit all right Internet well we
are not going to bed actually Danny and
I or getting on a plane right now and we
were heading back to North Carolina
basically at the continental United
States we have a show in Greensboro I
believe Allie is actually going to stay
out one more day because I think they're
gonna be doing something really cool and
then she's coming home which is good
because I'm most seriously miss her
anyway
haven't got a plane I hope you truly
enjoyed these videos probably one of the
coolest things I've ever done in my
entire life if you has a brand new don't
forget to click Subscribe
it's getting really super loud and if we
will see you guys tomorrow sois hold on
I want to say something guys seconds
water occurred is it very fun fun fun
you told me to
