day two in Hawaii and last night we had
been filming because we were so freaking
scared and I've Drennen rush but there
was a spider in our room the size of my
hand I'm not even exaggerating
it was extinct oh look at this ally got
hit by some where is it right there it's
not bad it's really it's like well last
night it was terrible well I like
welcome oaks right there
they look like a like a giant freckle
everyone wakes up they gather here and
try to start uploading Danny how many
minutes way to comfy right now look it's
real life Twitter
it took Danny and I about 20 minutes to
put a Twitter joke to this thing
hello green dinosaur well don't hang out
blaring Gary oh my god to again do it
what's gonna happen seems like every day
I'm hurting myself even more got another
one
bubble already I need to be avoiding the
inevitable and gets you in that bubble
if we have a big enough bubble I can
float on the ocean and everything we're
gonna go to a cleanup right now we're
gonna try to do our part this guy's got
the coolest freaking truck in the world
thanks proton hey girl
come up here it's gorgeous how beautiful
is that right now we are at a place in
Hawaii that's the southernmost point in
the United States Key West is the
southernmost point in the continental
United States but right now like if you
look at Hawaii on a map right now we're
below Florida it's like one of the main
reasons why we're on this trip as we
came down here because this area is just
like super polluted
a group we came here and we're gonna
start picking up some trash and if you
look there's so much of it like this
plastic there so what happens is the
pebble it kind of like breaks down to
like little sand pebbles and then what
goes on as it goes back into the ocean
like microscopic and then the fish eat
it and then you guys hear so
deliciousness I found a shoe anyone
that's a size three or smaller will have
a kid that might need a shoe plastic
plastic
big thing a rope well it's under this
rock I don't think I can move this Jenny
are you strong enough yeah that one's
pretty deep in there
this is microplastics which are
basically the most horrible plastic form
in the ocean right now because they
break down they get into the fish and
then they go into us they release all
the like toxic stuff when the Sun and
the salt water hits it breaks it down
goes into the fish goes into our bodies
it's basically kind of the worst thing
you could eat is plastic I don't
recommend it so if we are able to clean
all this up we can save this from going
back into the ocean and into the fish
and into us and hopefully save some
lives and all of this plastic right here
super tiny like that and then a fish
will eat it because they're dumb you're
dumb and then you eat it
did you don't know you guys found the
mother lode over there would you guys do
spilling all this plastic into the ocean
see if you guys are ever on a beach like
this and you see stuff like this just
pick it up to throw it in the trash can
otherwise it's gonna end up in Hawaii
we're somewhere else or maybe on your
dinner plate at first glance this looks
like seashells this is all plastic and
all that's plastic
you look very careful you can see
writing of a receipt embedded on the
seashell
would you get so alley found the syringe
and I think Jack you find one too
you got one to two syringes three at a
toothbrush high so if we can find a
syringe and then we follow up with an
army man not everything's bad I guess
you go you got one too
oh and I can battle Hey the enemy wait
you lost a gun now washer of a ship
overboard like this wouldn't just work
this was his nozzle to wash it gotta
look like it right
like check what Keith found I think
that's Russian if you guys want to
translate that in the comments that'd be
very helpful
good find there sir nice mask masks I'm
kind of glad we did this
actually no I'm really glad we did this
and I hope this is some sort of like
inspiration for a view younger people
watching the videos or even older people
watching these videos to not throw
things out like just out of a boat or
something like that because it just ends
up here whole hanky or somewhere else
and it's such a beautiful place I mean
look at this the water is crystal clear
other than all that look and see there's
a perfect example right there see that
plastic floating in the water
right there another one white right
there I'll get to the blue one oh
there's an ordinal look at see perfect
examples see it all getting washed out
into the water
I gotta go get that I put the camera
down well we just moved it to a giant
pile squeeze that one out yeah right a
bit of life under all that let's hope
not if it is be careful this is the
question always happens is it poisonous
so this is the thing guys if you clean
up garbage on the beach this happens
motivation us who brought the hand
sanitizer hey David
don't walk away from me finally got to
the point of cliff diving after all that
work of recycling this is the fun part
guys did you not know this 255 feet I
think you look for a better picture
though reduce jump straight from the
clip
where's the ladder that rusted thing oh
my god
he jumped that ladder it seems to be the
dangerous part I guess the only thing is
just gonna fall backwards there's always
that one person in the group Yeah right
I guess I'm that guy you're that guy
right now don't carry water and Kurt
isn't very fun fine just do a pencil I
have your fun you told me to Haley
are you doing down there
so guys I totally just jumped off a
cliff and it only took me like I don't
know a good two solid minutes which
doesn't seem like it'd be a long time
but it's actually a really long time
when you have like now cut to be hanging
from the ladder the whole time no but
it's totally worth it so much fun I kind
of hurt my butt
I wanted to go in there they're so bad
though jump really it is absolutely
gorgeous you are yes I use snapchat in a
way over here you're disrupting my
snapchat hello it's good proton how
fucking lava rocks loo this I've stopped
I stub my toe again cliff-diving which
I've never done in my entire life it was
unbelievable I feel so blessed to be in
this most beautiful place I have to say
thank you to opera max sending us on
this trip Roche contiki honestly guys
it's just been phenomenal make sure that
you go ahead and you download opera max
the link is gonna be right down below in
the description also make sure that you
go ahead and you enter in the contests
that they're having good guy check this
out let's just say that you maybe I
wanna see something
apparently there's this place
Danny was kind of wandering around
yesterday to be here in time we kind of
miss so that's all
