good morning and we're back at the
airport while we're in Oakland this time
we have made it to Hawaii you know like
came here on our personal jet you guys
like it yeah we thought would be really
nice and think about me bring up the
Hawaii with us
I think a party
dote on and Fallon this build drove us
all the way from all the way from LAX it
was a long drive through the ocean and
everything and we're meeting up with
everything but I want to show you guys
something all right coming from Florida
siesta key having to the world's widest
and this is really really odd to see
like essentially is this like probably
like soot or sulfur from a volcano
probably because like it's like the
black expect that lava rock that grinds
up and I guess they built a wrap we
basically sent Danny a day ahead so if
you might liaison and build this raft
for me so I didn't have it on the skin
exam is hot as hell one thing about
blacks and so do all the work for me
yeah it my back's a little sore a little
sunburn with my rack I've gone right
this way sir right this way your
pyramids are done see you like
the way
Oh what are the chances do you think
it's going to flow I like I'll within
play like 5-10 minutes of being here we
already have hats and there are a bunch
of people floating on a raft they built
this is awesome already here's the raft
apparently they've been building all day
where's your other shoe well we know
that we all get stranded we're all kind
of screwed don't know where Wilson is
though I'm Charles trying I can't
believe they built this in two hours
yeah two hours we have a ride your ride
b/r and our like I don't know if it's
unbelievably beautiful but they're not
as good as this namaste namaste right
now Fallon is going to show me like one
of the little areas where we may say or
we're actually one of the other
individuals that are here they're
staying right now but basically use your
Hut in example of what they really like
your cuz your image marry me and jealous
days oh I'll go for the easy one huh are
you sure you don't want those affair
they look a lot more ripe actually an
Olsen Dominican okay didn't get on your
way but ya can't shut away really cool
about all of the huts here is that they
use all of this like dead wood he's hot
so like they didn't cut down any trees
if you like the earth and just recycle
that this is the common area right here
is where you brush it Oh beautiful
beautiful guys does that feel great
honestly like I'm telling you I could do
this every day hey you get used to it so
this is the restroom
please oh yeah please remove shoes
always we broke a rule already put this
way and then this is where the bathroom
is so this is a little toilet do you
have your privacy when you close up you
might think like oh my gods and was
watching me but no good to you no one's
coming up here to make sure you take any
hope yea high as what I'm being told oh
my gosh so this is a papaya yeah plenty
to choose oh not the best part of my day
apparently there's this place Danny was
kind of wandering around yesterday cuz
we couldn't get here in time we kind of
missed so that's all volcanic debris
stuff right really we can really play
lava right now freakin volcanoes not
being considerate and evening themself
out yeah it's bad luck to take a lava
rock on so don't do it guys it's pretty
interesting to think I am stepping on
what was once hot lava
wow that is awesome there's only one
thing you could do Danny get closer I
want to see what it looks like down
there
I shouldn't follow this deadly cave
it's so pretty
I already here one day guys I think I
already killed the camera with those
water spouts oh god damn alley was
terrifying than that giant-ass spider
you can hang out
yeah she's gonna make the same do they
freak out you see them good time when
you see a sign for a volcano
but Sir the volcano is that way
try you don't need that that would be
bad that would be bad news so we are at
this awesome little like reserved for
like refugees I guess because all the
tribes here we're like superstitious to
the max like you know people couldn't
you know look the chief in the eye they
couldn't walk in a shadow and if they
did they got basically banished so this
is kind of like a refugee area or sacred
grounds so we have a very intense game
of Rock triggers all these checkers I
think it's the take that game at cracker
barrel you take one off sports take one
off start game okay I feel like you
don't wanna ruin it miss cook something
how do you play you know the game at
cracker barrel that we can comment down
below if you know how to play this game
flip the table for three here's a good
oh please leave now I'm sorry you are
all gonna be punished me I don't know if
you guys saw last time when I was done
trying to get that the whale whole thing
with the rocks were like shooting up I
completely fucked myself up so bad here
I've been here for like maybe a couple
hours and look at so much show you get
something sir can you please get off the
hook this is pretty awesome guys it's I
mean that's really awesome but to me the
simple things of just a guava rock just
it smells like a rock they are the two
best friends that anyone could have good
flight they are the two best friends
that anyone could done freaking out he's
ignoring superstitiously I was like
throw it away dad just like that image
like just the idea of that being lava
and just you know going into the water
just kind of fascinates me I had a sea
turtle good night you could say the
dress parked you up one more time so I
was just saying how like it's not even
sand it's like little pebbles it's
really kind of cool I think at least I
mean wasn't it filmed in Hawaii really
yeah socks now i'm sad well i just love
the game and I do apologize guys that
were using the GoPro right now my fault
i fell in the water I don't know might
be on Danny's vlog so he might be able
to check it out and see that was that
filmed oh it will just live in the
memories Aloha Charles want to eat some
of that Danny
be careful
Oh journey oh I Danny's telling me some
facts that I'm a little bit upset about
I just heard this from another bird
chirping in my ear Oh apparently a bird
a little birdie told Danny that I'm
stepping on these lava rocks that were
currently stepping on might not be the
most brilliant idea we've ever had so I
figure if we do it all in a big group
then maybe at all counteracts the silk
you know oh my goodness they're like oh
my gosh I don't know why I'm so happy
about seeing that this it's so pretty
damn it oh did go did that hurt did that
hurt that because I'll tell you guys
Charles did exactly what I asked him not
to do what was that what did I tell you
not to do I fell down told you not to do
what fall down and take what your phone
we're in the water and guess what guys
he took it in the water and guess what
happened it went in the water and I
think it's been filmed I think it's on
the internet somewhere hey Jeff it's
like Backstreet Boys Wow oh yeah there's
a giant spider that like lives right
outside of our room so not advocating it
this big
think is my hand yep we had a couple
spiders outside of our our little tent
area which is not a 10 it's like a what
would you call like what are we live and
we live in like it's like a little
Cabana kind of thingy a little Hut
alright guys so day one and Hawaii
pretty freaking awesome although I
killed two things Alex camera and my
camera and Ali's freaking phone look at
this what is this what is that what is
what is that oh ok just quite reason why
ticket place runs off of solar panels
and generators so at night they turn off
the generator get super fucking dark and
scary so we are going to end night one
here in Hawaii we're gonna say aloha
which means hello and goodbye and
doodles and don't forget to subscribe
guys connecting tomorrow we're actually
going cliff diving what yeah I think
it's what we're doing yeah I think so
and we're doing a beach cleanup sir come
on any kind of acted today 30 day oh
that's our pointer day
go but no stop it never authors I hate
running with a backpack yeah you look
like a turtle babe
