no this is the only one these are the
sleep still he's a wake up you're lazy
so good morning guys I just now woke up
I'm so freakin exhausted I told you guys
I'm packing right now because if you
watched yesterday's video which you
should definitely watch yesterday's
videos probably one of the funniest ones
ever I don't even know how many times I
heard snacks and Ally my sister's scream
and yell it was a funny we went to
basically the scariest haunted houses
ever and we had VIP treatment where they
let us have actually the cameras on and
lights actually on versus every single
year when we go to the haunted house we
have to like sneak the camera this time
we actually had permission and it came
out amazing so make sure go check it out
anyway what I was saying was I'm packing
because tomorrow we actually leave for
Hawaii so Stefan your birthday and we're
doing like a girls day for Devin's
birthday even though it's a few days
early but so we're gonna rent some bikes
and kind of travel around because it's
October and it's 95 degrees out in
Florida it's the water here is actually
like really nice I agree
I love it absolutely what's gonna end up
happening is I have an MRI check up
again and then I'm gonna bolt to the
airport and then we're gonna fly to
Hawaii which is awesome but I've never
ever ever been to Hawaii every single
time I had the chance to go
I either wasn't able to go or something
happened I was just not able to go so
this would be my first time ever going
to Hawaii and actually Danny's gonna
come with us I'm really excited because
this is kind of like a charity thing
we're going for and we're gonna explain
it all once we get there
but right now I'm updating my computer's
updating my locks updating my phone
getting things backed up packing doing
all that fun stuff
getting ready hanging out with the girls
as much as possible because they always
get so depressed because we've been
leaving so much so we have rented our
bikes and we are off for a little beach
cruising day skipping bike I get stuck
with the man bike the CEO yours is still
fun and then I like and that will give
you the male bike
so the dreaded little fans for our area
which we told her not to go to you can
see under ankle yeah look southeast
filters birthday selfies that good
be depressed
my name's Zoe and I'm so depressed we've
been traveling a lot this month actually
and then when they come back when we
have buffer fest and then we have
streamcon and then I think I'm actually
home for a little bit so then we can
hang out a little bit more and then I
actually kind of briefly mentioned at
the end of the video yesterday that we
the Kings just announced I think a
couple days ago that we will be playing
a mini tour in Australia and hitting a
couple shows and New Zealand as well
which is amazing I love Australia and
then the new album comes out November
20th so it's like bam bam bam bam bam
right Zoe so if you are brand new to the
videos and just stumbling upon this you
better hit that subscribe button because
you're gonna miss out a lot if you're
not and if you are subscribed make sure
you come back every single day because
you're gonna miss out on a lot too
anyway so that's my morning rant just to
let you guys know what's going on and
now I'm just gonna continue doing my
stuff kind of chilling and packing up
stuff because I don't know what to pack
for Hawaii bathing suits tank tops
alright everything else is normal
game on video
I get so excited and then this bumpy
road steers me wrong since we're leaving
I was still so bad leaving going Marley
and diesel so I came here specifically
to give them some toll is that bad no
it's not bad so that way you know they
go like hey that's too much that and I
have to get something for Marley and
diesel because they freaking keep
pitching their stuff I think they're
gonna eat their own foot dinosaur dog
treats awesome
get your toys you stoked on them all
night I know he's gonna take it first I
guess that one's Marley's sorry I got to
the owl you can have the owl and got
diesel racism out what is this thing I
don't even know what this thing would be
hell is this thing
Mouse we lost Devin's phone in the midst
of our travels
seven probably go in the purse game on
so we just got done with Devon's little
like three birthday celebration
just because I'm going to be going out
of town tomorrow I wanted to make sure
that I got to see her so see all myself
and Devon and then a few of our other
friends like met up and it was great we
had a really good time we rode some
bikes around add a little bit of lunch
it was it was really really wonderful
now I'm at my favorite place the world
which is best buy to go ahead and meet
up with Charles and pick his butt up put
the leg up in the air yep I'm making
Marlee wear a sock right now cuz she
keeps itching yourself so bad her
stomach is losing hair so I decided to
put the sock on there to kind of ease
her claws she's not too happy parkour
can you walk
you'd the big half go get more
you look cool with your one sock though
can't believe that thing is staying on
her foot right now do the stanky leg
come on you hungry let's go get food
come on so when you guys listen to
Melissa and Ali's podcast just imagine
this okay I desperately keeping the dogs
quiet this is like the hardest thing in
the world
the heap for big dogs Marley's actually
be the only one that's being good right
now which is weird weird very right and
the one that's been the worst is Zoe
who's pooping right now sorry I didn't
mean a pan on that one she was points
that started right like look I think you
guys are allowed in now they were
wanting to come in so bad the whole time
it was the hardest thing to keep these
guys quiet Ali and I are due our pre
traveling tradition we got a pizza and
that's pretty much it
what's yours been pizza tradition where
is your sock all right Internet by the
way this is how I do laundry when I'm
really bored it's time to go we're
finishing packing right now well
obviously you get distracted very easily
as you can see tomorrow is gonna be a
long day we are traveling to Hawaii
Kiki no shaking my fan anyway guys don't
forget to subscribe so you don't miss a
Hawaii adventure this is gonna be pretty
awesome it's my first time in a white
aside from the state of Maine it's the
only state I have not been to we will
see you tomorrow boys
guys have not seen yesterday's video do
yourself a favor and watch yesterday's
video it's probably the one of my
favorite videos somebody asked me one of
my favorite what are my favorite videos
on the CTFxC and what what did you do
you
shoo at me don't please please who
scream louder the girls have been
