oh yeah I having to go home just a
couple more flights yeah as always this
is this is a very common area for me to
start a video yes I definitely did a
lucky thing
so excited so tired I literally have one
of those subtracting things from our
watch I've slept three hours in the pack
actually past two days seven and a half
I was able to count yesterday - or the
day before hey buddy
oh there's lazy oh that was nice jump
mark hi oh hey so I decided to push
right through it because I feel like if
I fall asleep now is completely gonna
ruin the day I think it was last movie
did the one take Sunday where he did
that the christmas-tree end up where the
Christmas tree was I saw a sign it's
called st. Pete's snow fest and it's
today so I didn't want to fall asleep
because I want to go see what it is I'm
hoping I can go down a slide
ice in snow it's 78 degrees I want to do
that so bad so I'm hoping a adults can
do it and be it's there and not melted
so look at the ice-skating rink
it was attacking so is it really I use I
can't tell oh okay now you look like an
idiot saying next I was always curious
but that is super cool for these kids oh
my gosh what a cool idea so this is a
tactic Ally and I used when there's a
lot of kids and people show film so I
don't look creepy and then the parents
are all wearing like these little socks
yeah look how much fun they're having I
think this is the coolest idea
oh I love that I think got lots of food
too
there's so many different things look at
the igloo over there I was telling Ally
I can't wait to have a kid so that way I
don't look creepy what I'm doing these
things that want to do like a jump house
a little Santa's bake shop since candy
shop Santa's toy shop obviously there's
the awesome Christmas tree that became
to last week we're definitely the oldest
people by yourself that's kind of true
got the dog so it's good I think we
would have put in that would spread dogs
out here you know if we wanted to bring
them to the bounce house and things like
that I usually have sound in it music
they will at night and they light it up
at night so we should come back when
this is all lit up it's really beautiful
they lit it last night and it was really
cool yeah so right there it looks like
it so it's an actual pile of snow and
ice and kids can ski down it what a cool
idea
I could snow right there cool okay
it's 80 degrees definitely kids oven but
a super cool that they do this
it's now so this is the big one this is
where the race has happened 65 tons of
real snow in st. Petersburg the graph is
very nicely water kids so that's really
cool that's the one that we need to get
from Zuri because that way she can get
in and out easily
if I can get that let's switch it out
anytime I see a corn dog
just like Auntie Anne's Pretzels like
the cinnamon bites the cinnamon Nuggets
any time I'm at the mall I have to get
pretzels and any time I Ament like a
fair a carnival and I see corn dogs
that's what I'm doing more a funnel cake
and then there's hot dogs over there and
waiting here's some blasphemy right now
I was like ooh maybe we'll get a hot dog
and said and this lady said it's the
same thing
hot dogs and corn dogs are entirely I
take apples and orange oranges baby this
I love me thinking you know mommy knows
this
truthfully they know more than me
I get the corndog Ali's got to get the
lemonade every time so you don't know
Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer either a
little girl does these girls and these
kids are just showing the wall
market I just said sheet it so when
people think I'm going material
so Ali and I are starting to feel a
little awkward over here so I think we
go downtown we gotta get out of here
we'll come back here in a few years you
don't want a little something that
parents are probably I mean there's a
bunch of people there but it is stolen I
don't know why we've got a little bit of
a baby I think it's what sucks is like I
don't like saying this but you kind of
get like you just stick out like a sore
thumb when you have a lot of tattoos
especially when you have can those from
little kids it gets a little weird I'm
glad you didn't wear your glasses
actually we'll let me show you this lose
your glasses we'll put those then I'll
just imagine if I wear these glasses
there and I was feeling a little creepy
right
I look creepy do you like these babies I
don't think that oh it smells sweet all
I think about what I think beats is Doug
you've never had a beat before
you like it
really yeah because whatever like
smoothies and stuff like that
not a fan new rumors show Doug I am both
hates that I forgot about the band's was
called the beats and the singsong killer
tofu yeah
killer tofu yeah you should be like no
that another weirdest thing what was
your favorite show growing up as a kid
our young figures up I say I say like
between the years of like Britain's
birth and no no 18
Rocko's Modern Life okay I like Giacomo
yeah I had a lot - typically I runner-up
I loved in search of gadget that was a
good one penny I love oh yeah I look for
Brian I don't know why yours actually
gonna funny is this it's basically
Inspector Gadget now your watch I know
right I watch something a drug for hot
second but doing like this like I love
watching mr. Rogers up my mouth or my
camisole smell the rubber dinosaurs on
TJ knock-knock the mama not the mama
mama yeah okay and then Alf that was a
good one how's it going no it's a really
good one I feel like nobody knows who
that is
just Google out and it's pretty
my little sister cried when this series
of alpha died that time was canceling
plug out that was good I've noticed like
ducktales I used to love ducktales and I
bought the box set of God the cocktails
ducktales
I bought them duck tant's week I bought
so that's that's what's gonna happen in
one day by the way I got the box set of
duck tales do one this is a most yeah I
do okay and it was the most obnoxious
thing I've ever watched ever so the poor
girl he felt so bad she hooked us up
with a bunch of extra fish I wasn't
dreaming me no no she actually I went in
there I'm like I feel really stupid
asking this but it's a feta somewhere
else in salad she like I space that was
one way that and she just brought some
walking fast actually I don't think even
much another heist Anna how's it going
never a good day Oh Santa can't find
parking
where's his reindeer that's why he
should have been landing on a roof but
Ali did I can see that's nice list
because you just helped him find parking
Christmas and say P it's pretty cool a
lot of singing yeah I was just dropped
you guys hopefully camera this is the
Polaroid camera so for the people on the
patreon CDF XD patreon page we had to
sign Polaroid cameras camera photo sorry
sign Polaroids of Ali and I that we're
gonna send all you guys on the patreon
page so I had to go buy the Polaroid
paper so that way you know that's not it
this is it okay so I got Polaroid paper
so we're gonna do the authentic version
we're not going to do those were they
zips record is it one yo that's not
happening cat thank you for moving
though alright so I saw fake snow need a
nap and then I started printing out all
those Polaroids for you guys just one
cut POV this my friends this is the sign
of C of sleep deprivation exhaustion and
lack of the shower oh yeah I spell and
your breath your breath is a straight
kick in my friend okay so this morning
our shits in last night this is how I
fall asleep it was actually this footage
it fell asleep I came into the hotel
room I kidding probably like this one
stop once you are fully closed and then
I realize it was this happening to my
milk hearing I fell asleep unless you
wanted last night I mean babe you're
ravishing right now you don't look crazy
you don't either
oh how are you joking about this is
viral okay
you won't go outside
we'll be something yeah like I said oh
hi Rica Shan near stairs so funny like
if you just listen every once in a while
you'll see her we could just pitter
pattering everywhere so we've been
desperately trying to make sure we get
likes water and this is our new favorite
thing to do in your head all that this
is awesome she's loving the water
you gotta get you a collar dude no who's
that it what Saturday night and we are
doing the first batch of the patreon
patrons for the CTFxC right now this is
the group for the Polaroids the sign
Polaroids we got them all printed out
and already so we're sending those out
before I go to bed I just want to say
thank you to all the members of the
CTFxC who are supporting the vlogs
during this ad pocalypse situation and
honestly all of you who are just
continue to watch every single day here
I know that's that's honestly one of the
best gifts is just your continued
support watching these videos I hope you
guys check out patreon the links down
there I think we got some pretty awesome
perks or rewards or whatever I call it
thank you guys yeah honestly you don't
have to do it it's just something that
we wanted to give back to you guys as a
thank you so go check it out we're gonna
go finish our Saturday night have a
great night
and I need to get some sleep you hear
the cat quiet now see you what are you
doing what he's doing all she does is
just run around the house upstairs and
just hear a little feet okay guys I'll
see you tomorrow bye
