who scream louder the girls have been
the best friends that anybody could have
were the three best friends that anybody
could have our motto take it
good evening guys
I say evening because I haven't filmed
anything for a specific reason we are at
universals Halloween Horror Nights right
now we have been absorbed Danny this is
Brittany Eugene I'm sorry you know my
mom Melissa and Alli over here Phil had
to work we're doing at all these haunted
houses and they're giving us lights and
everything so it's gonna be an epic
night this is going first
of course they're critical inside
Marlene
ah
you're either mom
what time is it
who screamed louder the girls have been
that's alright then you're right mom
don't let been done ma girl it been died
since Eugene yeah we ready
my god
so go through psycho scare cycle scare
me so what we're going through now and
by the way the last clip I have to say
Danny's a huge dick he made me go first
poor Ben had actually filmed that last
clip I know I'll take it with a better
cause you do or is happening hi they
were trying to scare me they're tryna
skinny the whole night everyone I want
to does have a counter how many times I
scare I'm on
love the brain you're right
my mom should be working here I won't
come to the dark fantastic oh you're all
by the kids
Touche Touche chilly
I'm gonna get I'm sucking that's my ball
bro
next haunted house I have a special job
I'm going to be walking backwards with
this light so that I can get everybody's
reaction as we go I so we figure this
out a little bit better cosmo's little
chaotic Danny is going to be filming
from front row right there and you need
is going to be guiding him so he doesn't
die
holy crap
Wow Wow
that was crazy this is a freaking
awesome privilege and I'm glad we get to
show you guys normally we have to keep
this up in the footage is always
terrible right now we probably the
greatest footage that we've ever had in
the block Danny's getting stuff
Melissa's getting stuff I'm walking back
and you just get everything right see
this is the only place I feel like is
like sacrilegious to make scary right
now unless tree house of heart and well
they do treehouse before stuff but no
they don't have one I demand the
Halloween Hornets does a tree house of
horrors one can't come to you know
Simpsons land and I get a flame you go
put it been pointed out it looks like
the guys actually reading was this text
shirt that is that this is sir I'm gonna
get my squad on him
yeah right okay right
spookie the night sky looks like that
come on
that
you
you guys have no idea how hard it is to
carry that light walk backwards and film
at the same time but Eugene's back hair
has been helping us the entire time to
make sure we get this awesome footage so
make sure to say thank you to Eugene in
the comments because without him this
would pretty much be impossible
oh and Brittany in the comments guys
tell me your favorite all-time costume
that you've dressed up elegant as mine
was a dinosaur I think I showed you guys
when I was like 5 years old man you got
this I filmed so much that this SD card
literally has like 30 seconds left on it
I don't think I've ever done that
alright so going to the next planet
house which is a 3d
and okay silent
I don't know how much more scary I could
take guys Oh sounds fun enough since
I've ever been in ever in a short period
of time and look at all the stragglers
back there they're so far there you go
you look like an old signs up I'll get
so dizzy
I hope you enjoyed the amazing amazing
day or the night that we had at the
Orlando Halloween Horror Nights it was
awesome that they invited us out there
like I don't know how many times I saw
snacks screaming it's alright one of the
funniest things ever anyway don't forget
to click Subscribe really quick all the
surprise first off we're going to Hawaii
next week the second off we the Kings is
going to New Zealand and Australia
elaborate more on that tomorrow I'm just
really tired I need to get some sleep so
anyway don't forget to subscribe a lot
of cool things are happening and we will
see you guys tomorrow is have a great
night toodles
I know judging eyes my gums
loosen up
