good morning internet you're leaving
Baltimore and I just got completely fist
tough strong praying for you thank you
very much I appreciate that I always
have to do the opt-out because a long
time ago I doctor should said I should
do that and every time I it's really
been a shame it's so unfortunate that I
fly so much because every single time
why I know like it's just up there he's
a grabbing and he's like oh nice like a
dog you know like when they do that like
eukanuba dog shows usually like oh
you're cooking me dogs now scared
anything I was like he's like those your
friends over there and I pans over and
they're all taking snapchats I'm like
thought they were by going home America
so char is on his way home I believe ah
I'm feeling a little crappy today which
is not good cuz we have something really
cool plans for next week oh my i'm gonna
tackle this cold no matter what so i
know i can get through it and i can get
through positive thoughts letting go get
some water is it funny again
in the foyer
I think it got funny again hang out
you're doing that all the time what why
sick what are you looking at what
you
hi everyone outside hey where's haha I
know I do Elias oh there's Marley sup
dude and dude can't you see how to Zoey
for a second what he said hi to you
alright diese like i said to you now d
bye bye pinned oh no Finn sup oh man
here it is well that's not so gross here
it is though
how was that was that good was that good
guess who's back back back back again
again again Charles back back back can
you see a skin on his body there he is
oh my goodness Chuck Chuck he is back
he's back he is back look at his chin I
feel like I always film in the car but i
just got done with a killer workout and
now first thing I'll turn on the cars so
hot omana breath um but I had two
awesome things that are coming up first
off one of my best friend's Devon it's
her birthday also one of my other best
friends is moving into her new
apartments I kinda wanted to get like a
housewarming gift for it I don't really
know what I'll snap for the rest of the
day hopefully something fun and exciting
it is friday for some odd reason I feel
better than I did a few hours ago which
is wonderful that means the medicine is
kicking in yeah that's what's going on
nothing crazy literally just woke back
up thought it was okay today I thought I
got enough sleep didn't grow my petite
all right so she acts all innocent over
the ears down come here come here you
know you did so currently i'm trying to
find a housewarming gift for savannah
but she's a little bit more picky than
most so i'm not exactly sure what to get
her because she just had a lot but she
was just like a theme to what she does
and it's usually black maroon and grey
so if i find something that's black
maroon and grey I feel like I'll be okay
and I gotta get Devon's birthday present
and I have no idea what to get her
either she's a little bit easier but I
still have no idea I'd anything for
Devon nor Savannah because I am super
selective and super
he and I know them too well to know that
the things that I were looking at I'm
sorry the things that i was looking at
we're not what i wanted for them um um
tonight I might go hang out with
Savannah because I'm I can't tell you
what I'm doing but next week is gonna be
a very interesting week guys definitely
stay tuned ah but I won't probably be
seeing her for a little bit tomorrow we
have a big day we're going to hell me
whore nights oh my gosh this is like one
of the best and most exciting things I
could tell you right now because you
guys know how much I love Halloween and
it's just awesome and I'm so excited and
I can't wait I honestly I just can't
wait I love it so much it's terrible
that i'm sorry but I really really am
why I wanted to tell you guys so bad but
I can't tell you I'm not gonna tell you
but there's something really exciting
happening in the next couple of days
with a friend of avarice and some other
friends
you have no idea how excited to do this
I I want to give you details that I
can't give you details everyone's clean
the worst thing in the world is like
when I here Zoe or Marley like licking
the empty bowl of water I feel like such
a bad yesterday three times I've already
got well there's three dog daddy full
fault she'll do the tank to the camel
you got a camel over here
salads cooking wait doesn't she cooks
back soon
great dancing
put on the new mayday parade
I know judging eyes oh my gums loosen up
take
looks like Zoe missing it is good to be
home been gone for about a week now
tomorrow we're actually going to
universal studios halloween horror night
we're going to be like filming all the
haunted houses so make sure to subscribe
so you guys can see that also we have a
special thing we're going to announce
tomorrow we're going somewhere really
awesome basically a place I've never
been in my entire life and which means
you guys get to go so I'm really really
really excited about that and then at
the end of the month we have buffer fast
and then we're going to stream con in
New York City by the way if you guys
want to get a discount on stream con
here's a little hit use the word pizza
as the discount code and you get a
discount just pizza when you're doing
the check out just right Pizza as the
promo code or coupon code I guess it
would be called just a little secret I
can't week at all don't forget to
subscribe guys hope you enjoyed today's
video and we'll see tomorrow's always
doodles bye guys
the
you're allowing this
supporting I
