can I look at the placement this is man
I got sweaty and I decided not so much
better than you guys you are a little
bit way better
well we made it we're in Atlanta Ali had
to rush to her gate we are kind of
meandering to our gate we are going to
probably miss our flight the other way
for us apparently when I gave Travis my
seat there was some famous hip-hop
producer that I would let sit next to it
what is his name again what's that the
guy would have a three nick Oh Mike will
made it his name's Mike Williams but
he'll call me Mike will and then in the
Saudi I Mike will because he made it
does he really because he made it really
awesome I'm glad see I'm glad that you
you would appreciate that seed or a bit
I have a hip-hop song and then I
couldn't film it but literally poor Jake
had the epitome of those you know those
plain people and she sleep on you yeah
are you talking about that yeah yeah
let's talk about that now yeah Jake poor
Jake had literally the epitome of plain
people playing next door dude this
sound welcome alright figure out to do
this like I am just hunched over here
you're calling her on her brush out a
closed door guess who's back easy hi hey
dude diesel I got him going to pick up
the girls and heading back to the house
oh yeah I got a freaking parking ticket
today oh now I promise you I always Park
the right way here you I know you ty
thank you for watching them I guess
who's in a car can you guess who's in
the car sorry get ready to shoot for the
new album don't know if it's for the
cover or vers this for the booklet
really no it's just I don't for the book
over this promotion okay just for the
new album coming out we know when it's
coming out yet november this year kool
aid you know when it's coming out trap
was it who album coming out 11 20 2015
she doesn't 1527 to2015 is a key part of
that whole situation there internet what
are these things called there what I
gonna favorite thing as a kid we throw
them up and goes like a little
helicopter how does a shitload call AI
feel like you know what these are Coley
I need your wisdom what are these things
called
I think it'll leave ya say everyone does
know some I the helicopter yeah I got
least leaves all take leaves they're
definitely a northern thing I mean I was
a kid I was a cool yeah you're
right excitement coming from you is just
outrageous no oh gosh good save Marley
goods Hey oh poor we're always at the
wrong place at the wrong time lots of
exciting things are coming up this week
hope you guys enjoyed us going to
Hollywood and going to the Playboy
Mansion it was a lot different than what
I anticipated which I don't I mean I
hate to be that person in kind of like
prejudge your place but I really thought
it was gonna be a lot different than
what it was and I really enjoyed myself
I think charted to Geralyn experience I
can I couldn't slide that off my or
check that off my bucket list I don't
really know if it was on my bucket list
but I put it on there at the very last
minute
ok
sure
we don't this back away
nice there we go the bud ice in the bag
lists are being considerate and putting
it back in the bag I got the Gator a
duty to rehydrate you know drink put the
water in this do what we got here what's
your name is no be right Julie hold of
your shoulder seven yeah yeah placement
this is a man I got sweaty and I decided
not so much better than you guys you are
literally way better damn it oh so these
are the new plants that my mom gave me I
guess it's ivy this one what you do is
you put it into here with watering so
with that it I think the term that shoes
was just like roots itself I have no
idea what I'm talking about when it
comes to plants it's terrible but I'm
really really trying but that's what I'm
going to attempt to do today is root
this plant or allow it to grow the roots
to develop into something that will live
longer than five days for me since I
found out as national pizza month the
other day
you're allowing this sound man i'm
supporting I facilitated
i I've told myself and I even told my
sis tell time I've told Charles and I
just refused to fully grasp so I may do
a few throat of things but I will never
ever be fully go I always have a little
fun quirky side to me because I think
that that's what life's all about guys
can't take yourself too seriously
it's time for me to do some work
everybody go play unfortunately we need
to put this up because Marley keeps
opening up the door you sir you're a
little too loud here yes yes forbidden
put it all in my mouth and he looked at
me and he was like wow that was a really
big piece of sushi you just putting your
mouth and I was like what then like come
on Melissa you're supposed to nibble on
a piece of sushi didn't realize separate
the rice from everything else and I
remember oh thank you for coming over we
just did another episode of feelin
sensor guys go check it out such a weird
winker um wicking is weird can you
myself I could do I could do we could do
well I used to be all do that I can't do
that anymore huh can you Lisa oh um so I
I just have to say I felt like a
complete idiot the other day when I was
in the car were charred and I was like
what does he mean I feel this face when
I'm with you I'm so chubby hahaha I used
to sing Romeo and Juliet that song is
that will meet you with Julia yeah you
too I never knew what it was about until
my mom was like Melissa stop it stop it
stop it stop it and I was like what it's
both Juliet good love some wasn't it was
that love but not what it was about love
Hunter how you feeling
I don't know if you guys noticed in the
clips hundred kind of disappeared
because he was actually pet you black
out or just all Spain
so JJ had to come in playpen lack of
food I got yeah probably read some sleep
I truly need some smooth losing
Fargo's oh no that's too far ah damn it
drive you don't want to smell it we're
all smelling venture to know I don't
like the border on my back maybe you
smell delicious hot unstoppables it's
like this was like the whole day you put
your washing machine and they're
learning a lot about bed now yeah dude
okay yeah that's hot rize good sleep
last night today was all about trying to
get addressed back to reality and
getting work done and just hanging out
with these guys a little bit so thank
you guys for being so supportive would
just love you uh go and these adventures
with you and you guys experiencing our
everyday lives of us means so much so
just thank you thank you thank you for
always being there don't know what's
going on or what day it is I know I'm in
Baltimore that's all I know right now
and I know the next couple weeks are
gonna be credibly busy and awesome and
traveling a lot and amazing to take you
guys along with us so don't forget to
subscribe because our brand new and make
sure to welcome our new singer do we the
kings since Travis no longer is the only
redhead funny we were taking van photos
as you guys saw and choose Dooley I was
walking by but before I go I just want
to facetime ally and just say goodnight
cut she's in the shower right now so i
just wanted to show you what I'm seeing
right now hey honey why is it good night
to the Internet that's actually really
funny and that's my weird girlfriend all
right guys doodles you tomorrow
Charles
this is asphalt
it's crazy and got it on your finger
probably wasn't supposed to go over
there but it really didn't want me to go
over there before than just take oh my
goodness gracious Oh finger paint
