hello Internet last day in Hollywood
so we're taking the red-eye tonight i'm
going to baltimore Ali's going back home
i'm going to baltimore for a show we
just wanted to kind of walk around be a
little tourist a little bit today i
wanted to show you the sign if you guys
have never seen it before it's just
literally a giant white sign on the side
of the mountain says Hollywood just in
case everyone in Los Angeles forgot
during all it was is it possible to get
up there let's just take a helicopter
sweet I don't know what's going on is
the red carpet this is not here
yesterday we were wandering around a
little bit you need to show you guys see
and there's that chinese theater
Michael Jackson's over there last time I
was here was when he just died and there
were so many people that shrines around
it spider-man let himself go oh there's
Michael Jackson there the hell sup
spiderman spiderman Holly got hit on by
one of the people passing out brochures
thinking that she was into Jennifer
Aniston yeah I got Jennifer Aniston guys
finally finally got her I'm a fire fire
hard bargain that's it I don't know if
you guys noticed I'm actually dating a
Hollywood star and hey let's start over
here I don't know if you guys knew that
I noticed this blingee last time we were
putting the album I came out here with
trash
SAT over there with ideas Wow so I
noticed I was absolutely food here and
this is why screw it why not
it's got basil on it mint on it the
basil mint so this is what you guys are
missing if I'm not following ally myself
on snapchat hold on
I've been to California I don't freaking
know how many times now I've never
actually been able to make it to the La
Brea Tar Pits you smell it smell feet
asphalt and bubbling mmm it's really
intriguing is actually really sad how
does this just say that's pretty
up this is like from technically the
1800s is that when they were mining for
asphalt this was just like a like I
don't like a pond and then water got in
there and it just mixed with everything
and made it all disgusting a lot of
misconceptions here aren't it really
funny that there's like greenery around
because sad that is a little baby yeah
it is really sad this culture shows the
female has wandered knee-deep into the
lake presumably to drink sticky tar
concealed by several feet of water traps
are there
this actually isn't our it's asphalt
tars man made ours man made if you guys
could smell this it's just it's very
overwhelming do not won't necessarily
sink to the bottom but you get trapped
on the surface yeah that's even more
frightening though to just be trapped
and never be able to move gross go
follow that core group for free
crazy we're just like walking past this
and this is where tar has bubbled up or
poking no you don't Charles
this is asphalt
too crazy and got it on your finger
probably wasn't supposed to go over
there but it really didn't want me to go
over there will be more than just a oh
my goodness gracious oh that's just
crazy though look it's gotten all over
the tree to kind of crazy to think about
that any moment in this area that
asphalt could just kind of fell up to
the surface at any moment really
intriguing I wonder if they have any way
of predicting where it's going to come
up or if they have you know any idea of
this specific area that kind of shows
that maybe they don't really have an
idea of the specific area I'm so excited
we came here this is definitely a place
I wanted to visit look there's another
one so is this ground zero of the movie
volcano so all this coming up right now
is just a precursor of lava magma coming
up and then Tommy Lee Jones coming and
saving the day what stick it is that's
crazy hold it scrappy
water I wonder if they get stuck in the
bottom the water is on the top water
price stuff like right here on the
surface yeah well honey there's really
only one way to find out I'm not going
Charles Charles get down Giants lot
Chris torx law that probably the least
scary thing ever in Korea stargaze
that's after sting ice age it's like a
sloth are you taking so long to attack
me sure you see all the flights are
there those are actually all fossils the
green is a saber-toothed cat that's
incredible I considered this is cool
because I've been here I've had like 20
30 times LA and I've never been here no
we ever wanted to come here with me why
did you did risk elitist following along
with a big tour man staying back far
enough yes so we don't get all the
details we'll have to try and learn
about our way because we had a revival
within those so what they were saying
was that they found one human that dates
back to about 9,000 years ago which is
after
they don't usually recognize her though
yeah they're still trying to learn stuff
before they get the presenter I want to
see I want to say lets you can google it
all right so I did a little bit of
googling and I found a photo here you go
that is pretty creepy and awesome I've
farted like 42 times and no one has
noticed liar 41 times I'm sorry alright
39 you're a liar very 80 actually no
it's been like three I guess the place
to do it because we have so many fossils
we're able to look at how population
catching a big chunk of asphalt they're
digging through it right now and there
are more crates right there so they call
it project 23 because I 23 at 13 I we
call giant clusters of asphalt and they
have to go through all of these now but
the one that they're working on right
now is the Lord yeah something saying
like that yeah you know I can get to
that in a second give it to Marley or
diesel they could dig right through it
Zoe would be like me I'm over it okay be
finishing it oh you're all know the pic
here good boy Tyson's got you beat i
figger Little Miss Piggy would win the
piggy erase she misses her daddy though
both of them do as the Giants law holy
 it looks like et look at its face
I saw one of those a big high five bro
what was it they found his hip bone or
whatever yeah so they found phone off
thinking this big okay now they're like
this big yeah tiny they're popping up
everywhere giving so Ali and I wanted to
get away from like all the crazy tourist
stuff so we came up on top of the
mountain to the Griffith Observatory a
lot of people here but a little bit more
calm did you see the Hollywood sign a
little closer there you guys go City of
Angels
this never moves
the ground beneath us is what's move
muzu a little line is right there ok
that's it literally hits right on ok
wherever you are on the earth the number
of hours it takes to do a complete
vegetation depends north or south pole
or take 24 hours from the equator
technically would it move and the proof
that the things constantly thirth is
constantly moving below it and see these
little pins and so I'm knock one down
soon and I'll show you
make sure not to stop it
it's kind of crazy to think about the
ground below us right now is we don't
even notice it that's just proof right
now that it's actually happening a
frickin hippie over there where's your
tie dye shirt the orbit of your anus no
you're gonna be different yeah take them
to a space place and I don't do that why
I feel like every volunteer that work
here they're like looking at my space
tattoo I feel like I'm at like home
right now this is where I belong this is
where do you think I was facing wall
that's just some of the stuff I guess
you can record your weeds oh my god sees
me so before we leave LA we're having
dinner with Sophie and we're pushing him
in the corner nah it's like when he got
here like this get over there sir
well looks like our planes here well
that means it's time to go on the plane
and the day because we're taking the
red-eye technically so I'm going to go
to Baltimore I'll is actually going to
go home we're going to go play a show in
Baltimore and I think we're going to be
actually taking some photos for the new
album which comes out in November I'm
not exactly sure exactly the date
probably find out tomorrow thank you so
much for watching today's video don't
forget to subscribe hope you enjoy the
La Brea Tar Pits it says first time I've
ever been there and the observatory
there's the first time I've ever been
there as well anyway don't forget to
subscribe and we'll see as mouths words
ever gonna all right guys we're about to
go on a red-eye to where we're going
Baltimore we're gonna wetland oh no man
at the bottom Baltimore look at your
climate we search it for mating brave
Atlanta more you want to play drums yeah
tell Danny no yeah I got afraid to fly
the plane all right well I feel safer in
baggage claim so we are going to take
the red-eye now so we're gonna
so we can see tomorrow if you enjoyed
this video
Oh
he points the vlog for me gonna do it
they can do if you want
normal
grab it blog
