good news again camera back it's not
lost at the decorations continue not
this but everything else so in honor of
the new movie pixels s coming out today
we wanted to do something kind of fun to
kind of pay homage to mr pacman the
yellow pac man himself we are going to
do the marshmallow challenge and instead
of just doing one marshmallow we have
three different levels of marshmallows
the small medium and large I and we
figured that would make things a little
bit more interesting and in the comments
right now I want you two guys to tell us
who you thinks gonna win I'm gonna tell
you one of my favorite scenes ok so wait
it basically lies at the very end when
you
it actually happened holy crap I had to
believe you guys try to remember me what
are you doing he's trying to ruin the
movie alright was trying its okay paper
rock scissors who goes first okay I
would have started small first Rock
Paper Scissors shoot every time how many
marshmallows that you can shove into
your mouth within 30 seconds we're gonna
do 30 seconds right or they can do a
minute or whatever yeah it's kind of
like a mistake you know the time they
want to do it when we're doing 30
seconds cuz we have three different size
yeah we can't eat it see that's the
thing you can't eat them like she's
gonna try to do okay timer jeez wouldn't
hang we're doing small ones this time
okay ready
no we're too cool for 22 now 42 mini
marshmallows i'm not a huge ever
marshmallows I like I'm when they're
melted but I know you're like okay hi so
Ali has to be 42 marshmallows in 30
seconds I'm 30 seconds okay how many of
you get 5 6 7 8 9 30 to 39 and Rose is
to dropped out of my mouth I still want
to 10 all rights around one me okay now
round two is 30 seconds with these size
marshmallows which comparison that's the
comparison right there
you won't need 30 took on your mellow
make sure you though beyond be in your
mouth in five four three two one nope oh
god oh god seven eight nine okay oh yeah
at nine go there you got ten seconds
you can barely see hammerschmidt
probably knew that it okay done I get
another win one point one two three four
five six seven eight so it's one in one
right now all right so here's the
tiebreaker 11 right now okay guys and
then we do the large ones okay like I
don't think you understand how things
you compare us as though yeah comparison
guys now we're on this guy yeah I'm just
gonna give you two maybe stick I'm gonna
go put more than that yeah oh you got
drool on this go
well
please don't you
don't laugh the bar look I injure me for
a hamster honey please don't choke
mm-hmm
huh mmm huh that's whatever okay oh god
I don't think I can fit four I don't
even think I can hit two cuz they're the
size of my night is this one this was in
your mouth no what was what i have for
so you have to be for this is the
typewriter baby for 30 seconds I'm just
getting out for where the anticipation
of not you should get anticipation of
five so you can beat me um don't sell
yourself short I'm not pulling myself
short I know my mouth and I know that my
mother was nowhere near as big as yours
go goodbye drew this is all you can do
you have ten seconds left keep that in
there three two one done what is that
wait that's not for that doesn't that
count 94 that was that cowboy hey hey
you crying cause your loss that's not no
no I got my teeth coming oh no that
doesn't count replay that goo on me done
I'm further replay only three so I am
the worst fellow man well you're so
accomplished accomplished right now I
can go home happy
it's a very spooky day oh you Miley you
just ruined my Halloween story oh you're
such a fat dog don't hanging out mm-hmm
all right so I gotta get my license
renewed or updated blood work miiverse
new gaming new jersey gave me somewhere
I have birthday party a little bit of
work to do okay filming packing cleaning
my clothes which I need friend to the
dryer so did the busiest days why is it
like all today yeah I kind of think it
has to do is like procrastination but at
the same time everything really did seem
to fall you couldn't do anything in the
week I know so you've got me all right
so I finally get the updated a stupid
photo and I'll show you guys the new one
probably in the next cut not quite yet I
still got to do a couple more paperwork
things this is a pain in the ass I don't
want to change it anymore well then get
the idea taking care of which i
understand i get y like water so adamant
about of it my name is i'm just getting
an ID card just say screw it right now I
gotta get my blood taken where is it
they talk to the camera i get almost yes
that lady by far was the best pilobolus
wherever they call it people who draw
blood you know I'm done well vampires
she was just like eat stuck it right in
there do you mean I gave enough time to
get the camera huh it's all this rain
lately is finally bringing some cool
weather Siri what is the temperature see
I didn't break up a serious latest
seven degrees Fahrenheit and that's
gonna get the 67 that's cold for Florida
as you can tell them just a little bit
sick so much better than was last week
and which is good timing because
tomorrow we leave from Beverly Hills
like I was saying yesterday we're going
to the Playboy Mansion again and we were
you doing a bunch of stuff over there I
got a show in Baltimore don't know what
college it is but someone Baltimore with
the way the Kings and what's awesome is
we all out there together I think we're
finding out when the actual release date
for the new album is coming out I think
it's gonna be in November but the day is
still tentative I've already been
listening to the Masters it's freaking
awesome thinking that way for us to hear
it so I will definitely let you know
when I find out all that information
actually you guys might find out before
I do I don't know go though we got to
get the new album to number one once
it's out just like we did was somewhere
somehow got to do it and go get another
tattoo we have a couple tentative titles
for it we're not exactly sure so that's
another reason why we're gonna have a
nice little extra meeting while in
Baltimore with the band could we'll all
be together throw out some ideas we got
some cool ideas like you know we got to
keep up with a s tradition you know
things like that they come back and
you're still doing this yeah well I
added this on my own because they were
like blowing around so much in the wind
that they were like what things like I
got got this the other day and I think
that's genetic on that car too sweet
some flying around as much as a little
bit eerie ER deze not could be happy
until every tree is covered
and way too much fun so I was just
editing right here you know and I turn
around those will shut the door because
it was kind of getting hot his dogs were
going in and out and I thought that was
Marley for a second but on closer
inspection you can see that it's not
Marley at all this is how you hurt
yourself oh by the way guys Ali did find
the camera they're like it around that
it's not like dude route a cheese and
Blodgett that's good said big thank you
is you you and I that's our descriptions
guys you're obsessed sir I told you to
get down you know the dog and
ghostbusters that chases Rick Moranis
that's what it's for don't you fall
asleep while I'm telling you to get off
she's dreaming
tomorrow's gonna be a really interesting
day because we were shooting at the
Playboy Mansion and then we have a bunch
of crazy other things happening this
week so it's gonna be kind of a crazy
week I got better just in the nick of
time so i'll see you guys from always
have a great night dude i guess the cake
Johnny come on Johnny fingers
the cake yet Johnny come on Johnny
fingers
newest out of work or school she has way
too much fun here I'm just trying to
reach up
