good morning Internet time to start
packing I know every time you seem to
get home we're going to packing again
for another trip this trip were actually
going to Beverly Hills we're going
actually back to the Playboy Mansion
they're having some sort of party out
there and they invited Ali and myself
out there which means you guys are
coming along and then I have to fly to a
show in Baltimore and then I come back
home or home for a couple days and then
I think we're going to Halloween Hornets
on Saturday the 10th and then at the end
of the month one two streamcon so this
month is gonna be a lot of traveling the
wave about to show sprinkled out
throughout the month but right now I'm
going to try to start packing so I'm a
little ahead of the game Ali's not
feeling too good right now so I think
gave her the bug actually never mind Ali
just told me today was Sunday we don't
leave till Tuesday my days are
completely screwed up right now so got
to do a little time out on the packing I
enjoy that after today do you miss your
mom we lay some root beer yeah want a
brewski
Alys starting a trend every house now
has spiderwebs how do you feel being the
trend Center mm-hmm Amy good Trent
Center the spiderweb Center so since
I've been cooped up in the house and
it's actually getting nice out we're
gonna go for a nice little walk
let me show you what we're driving into
I literally see it getting worse and
worse I wanted to see how bad it gets
it looks terrible that's where we're
going to isn't it no program so right
because guess what we're running from it
it's kind of like hang on hang on put
your boner away but your weenie Oleg I
don't get it what turns am on about the
card what is it about the car dude it's
like dude be nice we should invent it we
should we bought the UH or the dome of
its kind of outside but not really we
brought Zoey's wagon for Tyson that was
the plan
but I don't is you running to that
Starbucks fourth big wet right now yes
Godspeed son of a bee
looks like Marley's head is you
we have stinky dogs I was unless you
guys run in the rain some clean you yes
please let's see if we can get their
cookies coffee and cookies right Zoey
she's ready she's like eyes got all like
big and she's like they didn't have any
cookies for them but they gave them
little Papa chinos
is that the one of the husband not the
one stop me you're supposed to do it
like this I'll give it to you later
smart the hug deal we drove all the way
home and then we're like you know what's
suffering we've actually be good
you know what it's raining again we
thought it was gonna work
go bulls
no no no you never do that you never do
that good luck I know hold on yeah
notice
I don't even know where this came from
shake everyone you got fish eyes oh you
what's up
come here baby back off Marley look up
he don't do that to her
oh you're so pretty Joe ties are cool
ooh boom
yes Zoey it's all over her nose this is
Mel like whipped cream
Marley clean off your face well I don't
blame her it's up by her eye how that I
guess she's supposed to clean that off
tied like what about me I'm the heart
boy I'm the heart boy Todd I'm just
gonna eat her face yeah
oh we're tied
he's on placeit's give me a little go
please set it up leave enough your
Starbucks fiend there we go good girls
hi do you feel left out Susan you got a
hole cut in half now scrub scrub scrub
scrub scrub scrub scrub scrub scrub
scrub scrub
Elvis mm-hmm and now mrs. Weiner could
we get that carpet
oh I'm a rug how the toddler stuff is
always so much better
this is dance right I'm pretty positive
you know he was just told to do that
hello laughs urgh I want to be writer
I don't know it's scary that noise or
the face you just made it let's go look
at that face again you see all this
guy's Halloween then what's his pan over
here let's get this one look at school
what does he beloved just ten dollars I
want this where did uh Thanksgiving go
by the way it just doesn't exist
anywhere anyone Johnny come on Johnny
fingers Johnny come on Johnny fingers
she has way too much fun here I'm just
trying to reach
he's not here yet no he's not here
no I interviewed snow of course you do
I'd like a cheeseburger and fries and
large shake no it's okay I feel like
what a guy thinks he's going with at
night a girl she looks so gorgeous and
she takes her mask off brutality strikes
everything's freaking you out a box of
boogers I can give you some I've had a
bunch of the last couple days I have to
say you know zero is these plastic
things all over the place but the fact
that this is the first like fuzzy teddy
bear look at them
it's the woman I love guys I'm pretty
bummed this is like from Futurama the
chicken hat remember the episode of fry
when he goes to Oktoberfest and like
everyone that's like super silver I'm
just bummed because it's too small for
my head
see you guys the chicken hat
well internet so the video is kind of
short right now because we kind of I
think lost the camera or misplaced the
camera at Target or Party City we're not
quite sure so we're gonna go on a little
scavenger hunt tomorrow thank you so
much for watching today's video don't
forget to subscribe instead of to all
your friends and we will see you
tomorrow as always ever goodnight hold
on I had some friends I want to say bye
what's your name Sarah a fair showing us
the sensitive parts of the snake I kind
of got over my fear of snake alley
totally went freaking I want to save all
the clear woman
cobalt you get out of me I was trying to
be nice Sophia's behind us you're like
slowly going like over here they're here
hey there miss balloons it's fun
he kept ballooned in the face
