No
good morning ah good morning Internet
I'm alive as you can see I'm up and
moving around Ali and I are gonna go to
the morning market together we're gonna
be oh you know the old couple here cure
you know we're just gonna do a couple
things we're gonna do a couple things
guys yesterday Ali broke up a series so
I don't know if we're gonna get there in
time now we don't know how to get there
shouldn't broke up until we figure out
the maps you break up a Serie once you
know where all the pizza places are and
where everything is then you say Siri
were broken up watch yesterday's video
if you have no idea what we're talking
about about that I can't feel my face
when I'm with you
why aren't can't you feel your face
anyway so this past week has been really
rough for me I just now got off of chemo
day five was yesterday so I'm feeling
what do I looking at
Oh color bookstores
bookstore I have a comic book the whole
first thing comic book and for some
reason I have convinced myself that it's
worth a million dollars as a kid I know
it's not I'll define it I'll show it to
you guys I don't know if I got sick
because I was on chemo or was just a
really bad coincidence but it's been
really rough every time I try to get out
this entire week I just fall right down
alleys been pretty much handling the
vlogs like a champ
I don't know what the blog's would have
gotten Apple out here right now
so everyone say Thank You Ali
I was sleeping and out of it hey can you
do this like figure it out so she's been
figuring it out guys round of applause
for Ally
this is sad I just wanna break into that
car just for that box of tissues that's
where I'm at right now
even when the sky
even when my heart stops up keep looking
cause I know I'm
so we just met too often to give its
ears whole thing about the morning
market is that there's like a bunch of
different vendors here you know anything
from clothing to food it's really really
really cool this is my kind of place I
got to try it
anything local I gotta try it
between us
yeah
end up doing thank you so much where's
your name Sara Sara shown us the
sensitive parts of a snake I kind of got
over my fear of snake alley totally went
freaking I want to say balls you're a
woman so you can't like Oh balls I was
trying to be nice to you you're like
slowly going like over here here hey
there miss balloons it's fun he kept
ballooned in the face he wasn't gonna
come but my stomach was kind of hurting
but you know what push through it all
you got to do is push through it and I
got the pedis neck you got the tickle
thing
but I got the tickle thing shut up
a tickle place Nick sour sour apple
that's usually never associated with
medicine alley almost gave me a cherry
honey stick for some reason I don't know
why have you guys ever noticed that
everything medicine is always like
cherry flavored and it just ruins the
flavor of cherry pop it open
Oh God mmm feels like I'm doing some bad
for you feels like that candy that you
got as a kid that was just goo
so I learned a lot about hey hey did you
obviously you know that there's
different things that bloom throughout
the year and they base it off the season
and they had spring summer fall and
winter honey and I got summer fall was
also at home I guess this fall is really
really good because it's like not as
sweet as bad as like robust and dark
gorgeous but these are less active
you're not worried about their Beachbody
they're just warming up for the winter
so they're you know the B but it's
really interesting though I want to go
yes we're gonna do one day wanna do one
day is I want Ali and I to go put the
whole mask and the gear on and harvest
honey yeah really close so any of you
guys have a way for us to do that that'd
be amazing because I love bees another
Saturday and we're into you don't judge
us
cool really grandma used to have a bunch
of these symbols plastic ones like the
black for everyone yeah and I would put
it all on my fingers and big books like
this maker I used to do those with uh
like the food you don't talk about the
ones that are the cones but it for
anybody who doesn't know what these are
for it's sore when you're like not doing
what I'm doing but it's for when you're
sewing yeah and then that when you push
the needle yeah so when you push the
needle through you don't we get this
alley that should be your Halloween
decoration out there this place is nuts
that's only open to what one once a
month and they're like nope no one else
man let's get this and go to Vegas this
isn't but doesn't that look like Anne
Hathaway that looks like quite a vlog
with that you can feel it out now
pretend like you're vlogging
at the Go Pro before there was a GoPro
oh it's one of those things where you
put there with a viewfinders yeah what
are they called favorite guys go open up
Google after watching this video and
just Google old Halloween costumes and
prepare you freak out this is the
weirdest pay for parking thing I've ever
seen in my life I don't think they
actually even use it because there's
like money hanging out right here so you
could technically just take this money
on up what about if I take this out and
give it to a street performer would that
be good pay for it cuz just gonna sit
there
that's so weird so the gif just took me
out for lunch
the GF Gumley these have any girlfriend
the GF the bay that's another thing guys
why is it babe did not just babe it's
Abby just too long let's say yeah I got
pickle
got a pickle salad sour pickles and
garlic pills
that's what you need you know what's
really funny with her because she's gets
a flabby face you're so pretty yeah baby
oh baby I think this one ticklish like
me
Lenny literature says I don't we're
tickling she's ticklish ties chillin
right there the weather is kind of
changing a little bit here where it's
not it's miserably hot as it's been
tight wipe your Weiner job picking them
up with a wet leader our little buddies
got a little bit of her leg he does this
every time was the lead it's more like
maybe if I do this to my mom will come
home continue Sunday Funday yeah
it's cider it's not Sunday it's not
Sunday sorry it's not Sunday Oh Jimmy
wearing up with our fake Sunday we have
to try to get the lights I leave them
yeah yeah we're getting light bulbs I
hope you enjoyed our little Sunday slot
Saturday I'm sorry we had enough time
for Home Depot we just didn't have
enough time for bed bath beyond we
didn't have enough hours in the day just
happens don't forget to subscribe guys
and we will see you guys tomorrow as
always toodles
bye guys Zelda that is fucking cool
that's easy for what I have to say this
is private okay so then I don't know
what that was going to be those hooks
our house and use of these soap somebody
killed yes no freaking way we're really
doing that I do
it makes a noise my dad already did you
know that Siri I can't answer that
exactly cuz you dumb how come you don't
know what your name Siri give me another
chance
then what's your name
my name is Siri can you remember that
now I give up on our relationship
