do you want something a new body well
she's like what Oh does it describe him
 oh sure right here oh oh I found
the secrets but okay well it's a bitch
Marley no no no no aah yeah get out of
it
get out of there get out of my way how
are you doing there
literally crying so he left right left
jab jab jab jab so we're always joking
about the nasal douche but seriously it
helps so much like I feel like I'm
getting better so what's quicker you
know what's crazy is last night right do
this it would not go at all i sat there
for like 30 minutes both times go back
and forth my friends Mike and Nate Maria
and Janet all sent this cool little care
package for a birthday and look at this
it's soap okay this a Nintendo 64 so I
caught the Fight Club soap there's
another controller set and there's
another a blue one so we can watch each
other
get it we can watch each other yeah yeah
Zelda that is cool that's crazy
you never bit us so perfect before but I
have to say this is probably cool okay
so then I don't know what that one's
gonna be though comes our house and uses
these soaps and we kill him Yes Doctor
no freakin way whoever's doing that I do
it makes that noise but you knew that
already did you know that Siri I can't
answer that
exactly cuz you dumped how come you
don't know what your name Siri gives me
another chance
then what's your name my name is Siri
can you remember that now I give up on
our relationship I give up on our
relationship the relationship between
you and I yes you and you and you
we're done so yes that's so why do you
keep fighting me on this
I'm really really sick and tired of you
backtalk know what this is why we're
breaking up because you never listen to
me we're done brother
you broke up a three yeah but she never
listens strings in Dussehra she never
listens the way Ali calls serious Sarah
would you be a bitch I don't understand
you're Burbage so we thought maybe going
out and getting into the world maybe
going to one of my favorite places maybe
feel a little bit better I started a
look I know I came for more cohesive
sentence right now by the way yes I'm
wearing my colorblind glasses the gel
it's like sitting in the car cos he's
just coming out with a really bad idea
so right now I'm coming to get him some
puffed ups and I'm gonna try and get him
something for like a sinus infection I
think that's what he has a sinus
infection hopefully this is Charles
saving grace I'll let me see I don't
know but I feel like maybe I should get
help
well
through the sick I think it's like on
the blog
he's probably worse I've never been sick
to where like I'm just like every one of
the comments give it up to Hallie
cuz without her I don't know what would
be a vote on with the blogger now
finally admitting defeat though of the
cold yeah I finally got him to admit
that having a cold it requires you to
take care of yourself and take breaks so
I'm glad that he's finally agreeing to
taking a break because just like you're
just sick and it's okay and I think that
all you know everybody understands but
I'm gonna go drop him off at home and
then I think I'm gonna go because what
her plan was today was to go and get
some Halloween oh yeah
it looks like a zombie I'm not laughing
it to you okay I was alcohol of a house
for Tyson he usually sits in this pillow
or the one over there I got a little
concerns that couldn't find him and put
him right over here hiding under the
white pillow yeah I couldn't find you a
little poke well I am off to the
Halloween I know you guys been judging
you can touch me I love Halloween
I talk about it more than I talk about
most things and char was gonna come with
me to go and grab some decorations for
the house but he needs to stay home and
he needs to get better so I'm gonna go
by myself and see what I can find
he may hate me after this he may be like
I don't know what I was thinking why
would I let my girlfriend who's obsessed
with Halloween go and choose things to
decorate our house and this is like the
one holiday that I actually decorate for
Halloween is the jam here we go all the
goodies so I definitely have to get some
ghosts for the trees I don't know if I
want those if I want something like that
but you gotta have something spooky in
the trees we got the oh so scary cat oh
that's kind of spooky look at this guy
well I can even like him I don't know
why he's really fun all right
you miss your mom don't worry we're cool
right we're puppy-sitting obviously look
at all like in their own camo it's
always blending in with the black you go
over here Marley's blending him with the
white and then ties over here blending
in with the white pillow a face only a
mother could love
look at all these new skeletons that
they have so there's a cat they've got a
mouse a skeleton of a spider which is
very weird way too much chars gonna kill
me
if I go Halloween I gotta make it really
spooky that's not the only thing I want
to do think it's super spooky
bunch of spooky stuff to decorate the
house
it's a don't forget about Halloween but
I cannot wait to start hanging out this
stuff up and I'm probably gonna do
tonight
I went a little crazy a bit so why she
went like geez wait I can't you gotta
hang up before we can show everything
this is the Grim Reaper so we got
Danny's D still in here
this guy is it hail backyard car hanging
tree I'm just doing this to shape and
keep the Grim Reaper whoa hard to show
darn it that lady got it all screwed us
she screw up his aam be McFly McFly
below so he's like he's pretty scary
Ali's like a kid right now is fun
he's scary and now I'm gonna see if I
can fly Ali's little baby scary monster
his name's George all right we'll fly
George
you know it's funny is that you're
trying to do that remember that house so
that thought that Bush looked like that
not really into that there's a little
kind of freaky to me just a thought of
freaking spiders that big and then that
amount
you don't want from one tree to the
other oh you have to get on at first in
their own little world I think they get
it bad that's a spider web yeah
you don't get this excited for Christmas
decorations it's all it's only Halloween
alright internets well and it's Friday
night and we are done with all our work
early for the first time and a long time
we get it done before 9 o'clock so that
means Ally myself are gonna watch a
movie and just kind of relax because I
have that cold still as you can tell I
still have in my eyes are so puffed up
but it's going away little by little
alright guys I'm sorry I didn't to say
Tootles last night but I was completely
out of it and I hope you enjoyed today's
video please don't forget to subscribe
to guys are brand new and have a great
day we'll see you tomorrow
to try it out and if you're successful
you get this hey internet I'm alive kind
of every once in a while I'd be talking
to somebody like halos over here in
being better I'm not better
I was talking to Kayla and all of a
sudden I just have
