good morning Internet I'm on the floor
pulled an all-nighter clogged the toilet
was Hoffmeister rats it's still here
they look like complete crap right now
I'm making what I like to call a tissue
walrus it's from the episode of Futurama
Lord Frey gets the common cold and
brings it back to the future basically
this what you call tissue walrus it's
the best thing in the world sure I would
never lies do not go under there just
because I'm sick doesn't mean to disobey
better but just don't say that I just
came back to me but I do feel better I
feel better they haven't left my side
though things are you know wonder where
you look away so I just got done with my
afternoon workout and Dave char attacked
I didn't want to call him in case he was
sleeping it I think those cold is kind
of kicking his butt so he's gonna be
resting up today I'm gonna run a few
errands before I head back to the house
I think we're starting I can't remember
if it's today or if it's tomorrow I'm
not completely sure but I know that
we're gonna be babysitting Tyson for a
little bit the podcast is out then the
vlog is out
I feel really accomplished I got a lot
done last night and I got a lot done
today thus far good feeling it's a good
feeling I'd be lying if I said it wasn't
a little worn out
I haven't really that is a negative
thing because it's not a negative thing
but I haven't really slept well since
the whole thing went down with Charles
the other morning late night and I guess
he would say just because I'm a little
bit nervous I don't know it was just
like something triggering in me that's a
little uneasy about the whole situation
and it's making a little hard for me to
sleep but I know that he's okay and as
long as he's you know resting up and
taking care of himself is going to be
okay can I just get a venti nonfat
pumpkin spice latte and can I get an
extra shot of espresso in that please
that's it
thank you I had two nice I'm beat I had
to okay so the boy has asked if I would
go get him some orange juice because
we've got there's the door feeling
shitty and me
feels like that's all then you really
wants right now is for me to get them a
little bit of orange juice and those
they're asserting which I think it's
kind of a bad idea but what do I know
so I was just thinking about something
do you realize that only way then we can
get you to take a break as if you're
sick that's the only way that we can get
them to take a break is if you say
what's or knows I'm judging a little bit
guys you could not went to you know one
location that's so gross yeah it's
probably really bad as you're sick guys
are getting better taking care of
yourself we talked to the doctor to the
area's chart auction and his doctor
tonight because he wanted to see if he
could take anything over the counter
with the chemo you have to be extra
careful with what you take because you
don't want to kind of like counteract
with it or basically make it not work so
Todd is doctor and she gave it to you
okay
Charles what did she give it the okay
that you can take something okay so yeah
you can take something over the counter
so we're gonna go ahead and do that for
him and I'm gonna put these groceries
away
barley
I just heard the freaking pump going on
and off and trying to figure out why
it's going on so early everybody's we
have the new sod I'm trying to do it
twice twice a day so it doesn't die this
time and it should be almost done - hey
what's own is that for alley
Oh Roy get out of the way
no sprinkler so we're coming on I just
was checking on it that's all for I was
like fuck I forgot Ally's back there
feel wet no go look this regular door
yeah I'm gonna come up here to sleep
that's a while I like switching it up
myself sleep earlier on the floor I
don't see the thing as if I fell asleep
on the bed I don't want to get up you
know I mean like when you fall asleep on
the bed you're like ah screw it i've
already in bed it's already 9 o'clock
but I feel like if I fall asleep in
spurts in different places of the house
I feel a little bit better by the way
guys I'm sorry it looks like I got
punched in the face 50 times right now
look like I look at Rocky after round 3
so I feel like this sucks I actually
don't remember the last time I was just
sick I just don't like it just every
time I try to open my eyes do something
and like want to do something for the
video I like getting ready to do it I
have no idea how they got spurt of
energy to play the little prank on Ellie
but totally go for a run so she's
avoiding me the house as much as
possible because the last thing I want
is for her to get sick so I'm getting
ready to meet up with my mom and go for
a little walk
I just took Charles - okay - yeah then
he got some medicine because it's doctor
okayed it which hopefully that kind of
helps them feel a little bit better and
feeling good it's just
to lay low and take care of himself and
eat healthy get lots of rest and drink
lots of fluid so he's doing just that
but told me to you know get out go hang
out with my mom for a little bit and
then I'm gonna go back home and take
care of him maybe watch the movies
I can't wait issue toss back on a lake
guard dogs around don't fuck with me
they're scary
so my sister's here drinking my drinks
right now we're trying to fix up a low
computer for my sister cause she's gonna
take my old computer and use it for
herself now kill your eating my peanuts
and your drinking my drinks so today has
been a really really good day I got a
lot accomplished and I did a lot of
things that I have been wanting to do
for a while I feel really good about it
I mean I want to tell everybody what I
did but I don't know if it's too vulgar
to tell them all what I did so I think I
might keep it really like mundane it
happens it's like something like about
student try it out no and if you're
successful you get this way so they try
to keep it very discreet hey internet
I'm alive kind of every once in a while
I'd be talking to somebody that kalos
over here I'm not better
I was talking to Kayla and all of a
sudden I just have like this dribble
coming out cuz I took out my tissue
tusks
so that was the key I concur he doesn't
like it when I tell him that it's okay
because say
I got my nurse over here hot nurse more
ladies at your house that's weird the
winds that sponge bath this is so weird
it gives away a sponge bath
stinky which I could totally use the
sponge bath tonight I had two seizures
one in my sleep and then one when I was
waking up now he was like see there are
you there
we had another one
like you said
they do that every feature and website
and get water to do see any burn a lot
of calories you
it's actually true like you burn a lot
of calories like if you just have
seizures all the time but you rip a
terrible thing to say I'm so sorry
the back
when it came back it was like within
second to
