good morning Internet so last night was
kind of interesting and I just want to
let you know I'm fine don't worry about
it but last night I had two seizures one
in my sleep and then one when I was
waking up Ali was like are you there are
you there and then I basically had
another one he had one and it's like
like you said and then you know I do
what I normally do which is kind of roll
them on the side and then once I do that
our trade has this future I like to prop
them up so I can give him some water or
some juice they don't even burn a lot of
calories of heat shoes yeah that's
actually true like you burn a lot of
calories like if you just had seizures
all the time like you'd be ripped a
terrible thing to say I'm supposed to
party but anyway so I got a hot tub
which was like leaning him foreign and I
could him back and when I put him back
it was like within seconds he had
another seizure but it was when he was
awake and I think what it is I don't
think you think bad but I think what it
is is this is one immune system much
still kind of sick right now
last night I was even telling Ali that I
thought I was gonna have one because my
body is this show like yesterday I was
as you saw sick I was yesterday
on top of the fact that chemo gets rid
of your white blood cells right so if
your white blood cells are getting
destroyed cousin chemo does it just
destroys everything it's like it's that
annoying person at the party that's like
you know it's fun guy and it does things
to help but he just comes in and
obliterates everything all right guys I
got the beer and it ends up knocking
everyone else that's what chemo is kind
of like in comparison I'm okay don't
worry about it
and it just kind of comes and I just
want to let you guys know that yesterday
I wasn't or the other day I wasn't
trying to get a driver's license to be
old
drive again I just I want to show you
guys one more time if you didn't see
that video all I was pretty much trying
to do is do my photo updated so this
wasn't following me around forever
because that was me at 20 and I don't
need that red hair following me anymore
than your fake ass which I always tell
you guys when things like this happen
and I feel like it's important to keep
you guys in the loop as well as
documented because you know that's the
whole point of doing these things and it
helps people like you guys who might be
going through situations like this too
so you're not alone so yeah I just want
to let you guys know what happened
because it's always good I'm good I'm
fine
trust me I'm fine as you can tell my
sense of humor is still there and then
you actually after the second one I was
like trying to tell I like some jokes or
the dogs Dylan we only ran under the bed
zoe jumped off the bed she's a little
nervous if you did yeah I think that
they know to get out of the way yeah
that's what it is to be completely
honest with you because I have to roll
you over you gotta flip a body body good
for my big old muscular body mmm okay I
don't want to start the day really odd
like this but I kind of have to cuz it
just happened this morning I kind of
knew was gonna happen like I said just
because my immune system I'm just trying
to lay low no I do like I didn't know
for sure it was gonna happen I did have
a feeling because my body is kind of
messed up I've never been sick on chemo
and that's the worst part
and we're blowing up over there just
gonna get through this cold and get
through this chemo
this is why it's sighs this is why I
hopefully don't have to take chemo
anymore cuz it just lowers my immune
system but like I was saying this is the
first time it's ever happened hey Ally I
throw up I threw up to just throw up on
you and throw up on it that's love yes
it was
after it happened really we're gonna
guard yeah I was gonna like a protective
little mama bird that really yeah I said
you throw up in my mouth I threw up on
you
thanks man that's Curtis sir sir Toby
one two three come on buddy you do
better than that
one two three
so my mom's taking care of me and not
letting me go without cough drops
she's like you want some butterscotch
candies and I'm not a tea mom I for some
reason butterscotch candies will always
remind me of like they're like Werther's
Originals I don't like it the internet
tell me in the comments be honest do you
guys like butterscotch candies you like
them if you like them as a kid you'd
like them forever your whole life gotta
go with the cough drops from all my
people over in Switzerland one of my
favorite countries we should find some
diuretics and put it now he's food and
I'll say you did it
what I didn't pack it I'm sorry you're
on a diet you're on a diet
oh okay next time I'm sorry you forgive
me I like talking to Baxter from an
anchorman oh you're better than Baxter I
know oh you should have got that part I
know stupid dog
okay next time put out the dog from
Frasier well you weren't even born then
you could have been the dog from Frasier
you know you were born March so I'm just
having an argument with Marley as usual
next time Marley you better act yeah my
mom bought us these so we can make our
own popsicles so you like a home gourmet
popsicles and I know I'm going to
completely regret this but I got used
some Halloween stuff there you go and I
wanted to do this but I got lazy so I
just got you one of these
you gotta get up in my head not my
forehead this is what our Wednesday
night's look like we've been trying to
do the podcast for a little bit but you
know better late than never on the Phil
is keeping us on track momma Phil
whistle how you like you're goin gonna
wear that outfit - hey Charles your
milkshake totally brings all the boys to
the yard
you're but another trip use break in the
camera no no see browse identifying
stripe you can tell by me by my boxers
because they're always hanging out well
it's either yes well thank God I got a
dark film is going down yeah it cool
stuff no you didn't need to be on off no
honey you did not turn it off low is not
coming from I turned everything off and
you turned it on high okay internet so I
go saying earlier last night early this
morning I had the seizure and I'm about
to go to bed right now taking my
medicine and I'm not gonna lie
I'm a little freaked out and I'm gonna
confess this right now like if I have a
seizure the entire day like I don't want
to do anything that's kind of like why I
kind of laid low today is because I'm so
afraid to go out into public
see I know seizures can't really hurt me
I know and they don't really hurt they
just suck but my main concern is like
being out in public and something like
that happening and the unfortunate
situation of like a younger kid like a
child seeing it
like that to be completely honest is one
of my fears about the situation like I
don't want to scare the crap out of
someone like that or just see what a
dolt because I know it's scary I'm
getting better though I mean because
like this was three months without
having one and I feel like the only
reason why I actually had a seizure was
because I was sick other than that I
think it wouldn't completely find I
don't know why I'm always surprised but
you guys are so awesome you guys cheered
me up immediately because I woke up this
morning all I saw was this like towel
right here because I kind of like threw
up a little bit now they put a towel
down and I looked up and I first I
thought it was like a dream and I looked
over sure enough there was the freaking
towel when I was like damn it and I was
like really bummed with myself and I was
really upset with myself even though
it's not something I can really control
and then I went on Twitter and I was
reading everything you guys were
tweeting back to when you're saying back
to me are the comments in yesterday's
video cuz you guys are always on top of
things like that and it immediately
cheered me up I immediately went from
like here this is really low to be on
out of the screen I was like so so much
better today was one of those days I
mean you gotta have to suck so you know
what the good is like the best way to do
it
hey Marlee literally just open the door
inside why do we have a nice on don't go
under the bed
you guys are brand new please don't
forget to subscribe and tell all your
friends Jerry
she heard food so she bailed on me
that's what love is
it's bailed on me for food and yeah I
will see yes tomorrow's always have a
great night
toodles bye guys oh the tools shirts are
on sale and shipping to your bodies
right now so go check about CTFxC
eMERCOM toodles again
I'll try it without the rug
