good morning Internet hello you win okay
you win
you're boring come on I know you feel
this I know you hear me
you both angry you won't but what are
you gonna do I woke up as you could tell
I feel like complete crap right now I
think I got a cold this is the first
time ever on chemo that I've had a cold
and I'm actually very very scared Ali's
not led me out the door I have to stay
sitting here she said I better be
sitting here when she comes back but I
do want to show you something crazy this
is kind of crazy that Simpsons called it
isn't that insane
they do that all the time there's just
so many instances you can google it
we're like the Simpsons of pretty much
told the future I've called it so just
got done with my afternoon workout
unfortunately Charles is at home right
now he's not feeling very good part of
its chemo part of it I think is that
he's getting a cold but he is going to
definitely be laying low today I think
it's okay to kind of take a break from
doing something exciting every single
day I any human would want to do that
where you're just sitting at home and
you're relaxing and you're not worrying
about anything
hello Internet my name is Zoey and I
apparently talk with my bottom chin
right if you didn't watch yesterday's
video had a really bad day because I
went to the DMV they were throwing me
back and forth back and forth and then
they were trying to take my license away
which they have no right to take away
because I don't drive and I went to
watch today's video because I always
watched the day video once it's uploaded
as well with you guys it's kind of fun
because it's kind of reliving my day and
that way I can talk in the comments with
you and I was getting for watching
today's video and I was talking about
pushing through it and just ending it
and I saw a little message Ali must have
like snuck in there when I was asleep
and I I'm reading it now and I was just
it was like the most heartwarming thing
I've ever read she's just like
so nice and so thoughtful if you
guys haven't read it go watch us today's
video it's probably around four and a
half minutes into the video it's
honestly one of the sweetest things
somebody's actually written for me like
this I just wanted to make sure you guys
have to read it just in case you think
he's read it look at the little sick guy
oh oh you don't want to care on your
face alright 2343 pause pause I'm
pausing you're not pausing it look like
had it's not about snow no you don't owe
turd my look red big why I see if it's
pink I know I'm not coming to you is it
I don't think it is it's just watering
do we have vitamin C I need a bell need
a ring a bell well I won't be here to
answer that Bell I just can't show I'm
sorry my mom would give me a bell cuz
everyone decide to have so if we're
anything we're just read about I just
looked on the app store of course easily
after that absolutely about I need a
sandwich I want to just say thank you to
all the creators out there of the most
annoying apps in the world you have made
my life so pleasurable with this man I
just got the special prototype thing
from DJI not out to the public
I'll find out if I can show you guys
camera of sorts I can tell you that oh
really
who would have thunk do I want to go
outside and go do stuff and that's the
first really well yeah but you're sick
you're okay it's okay to rest I was
telling Charles it's okay to rest and
take it easy
do you want to go out I'm sorry oh look
at my new rug yep this is bargain
shopping guys got this bad boy for like
six dollars
sorry I love to brag about that whenever
I can find something and I hit for super
cheap I feel really really proud of
myself
it's veggie so it's time for you to they
gave alyas a salad with no dressing I am
a little bit fresh a but whatever got
dressing here nothing that's gonna
affect my day I almost fell at the
terminal today that really almost
happened like my foot I stepped on the
side and I did this thing I'm like no
please and I got myself so default so I
guess that's the positive people helper
tuna fish goes downtown it's a what
salad a triple cell itself that's tuna
an imitation crab which snot it's kind
of gross actually
and then chicken salad I don't get the
chickens out
and then you don't feel them I think
this is the first time that you've ever
been sick on chemo I can remember like
one time though like it was kind of I
think it was like just before Christmas
when you are in chemo and you kind of
have like a sore throat but it wasn't
like that's not very good at all don't
gonna do your dance skills at all lady
go do your dance skills dance monkey
dance so I just got done getting charts
and goodies like you know soda water
soup and all that fun stuff I just
realized that in the back we still have
haziness cuz I know it's not somebody
who's lost the deed to give to Danny for
dlv the tip wound up in his apartment
Danny if you're watching we need to come
and bring that to you ASAP because you
can't just have LV you need the D oh I
should be more mature but it's kind of
funny
I need to go get some freakin air I've
been inside all day so at Lee's gonna
drive here my bad
so Ali's gonna drive me around in the
golf cart your breath stinks leaving
alright alright you got a family little
cart ride right now I got Zoey miles
between the legs trying to avoid all
this is a lot of people stop yeah and
then this is what they go I think I have
no idea how big my head is extension
once there was a dog catcher means don't
catch it all the way one day there was a
big jump and then walking and
everybody's speech write up a name again
that's a terrible story
Alton skeleton I heard what and it is no
more never stuck there in time so five
million years down that's right without
the rug
I felt the gravity start developing like
forever when I like status eat a banana
and that's good for potassium I just
don't like that you're shaking and I
think they shot a banana would you like
fruit like candy from its South Park I
gotta go to bed I'm actually I lied I'm
not gonna go to bed more watch the
lesson 24 thank you guys so much for
watching today's video
I'm sure don't forget to subscribe and
I'll see you tomorrow
good have you looked through this the
viewfinder it's even easier being again
it was actually kind of crazy like
moving through the screen on the camera
with them help even more
I gotta take the another round of the
stupid crap chemotherapy hopefully the
goal is that after this year I get a
nice little break about it maybe like
another year like what I did last time I
have a whole year break all the goals
that I never have to take it again
because it always makes my stomach
always crappy
