told you the world was gonna end last
night although freaking gloomy out today
I have to renew my car registration yeah
I know which is kind of a funny thing
since I've never honestly driven my car
that's all I remember having to do any
of this guy so I know got a little
special package today from a company
called in chroma I'm going to do this
later I don't know if you guys saw the
youtubers react when they were doing
like stuff about the guy who can see
color because of sunglasses he was
colorblind and I did the color blind
test and I failed miserably finding out
that I essentially was color blind the
company sent me these awesome little
sunglasses or glasses they could put on
and hopefully see color the
quote-unquote correct way so I'm doing
another little sister's day and we came
to home goods in Tampa because my sister
has to get curtains curtains for your
bedroom curtains for her bedroom we want
to get a big rug for the area between
the dining room and the living room just
because there's a lot of open space and
no really well so we thought in a big
corporate put a raised there that way
makes a little bit easier on her life
all right I seriously would prefer if a
guy on a horse and a night suit would
come and take my money and then have
that actually happen again tastes so
freakin long and then everyone's just
like this doesn't make sense because it
goes from a - I - f - B - C - a yen
kanne Z nothing makes sense I was just
talking to the guy I was like what about
Robin Hood
be easy by far my favorite sections
little candles this is no peer pressure
but you know this is my favorite holiday
just let me have a smell I smelled a
candle and this is what happens I've
smelled this candle and this is what
happened don't like this good
who would have thought smelling candles
would have done this to you mmm
nope that's not an allergic reaction
everyone I gotta get it off well nice it
actually gets up really nice and I smell
like autumn leaves since I was like 20
years old I figured a good time actually
updated my freakin photo I'll show you
guys see there's 20 year old trails
two things wrong with this a my hair and
B that freakin flowers are fungus on my
chin all right so that really kind of
stuck kind of put me in a funk right now
because they basically tried to revoke
my license because of the surgeries that
I've had guess I'm gonna have to go
through this whole nother situation even
though I told him I don't drive just
need this for like you know travel and
so I have to go through this whole other
process and right now I kind of feel
less of a skill less of the human
because like I was going through the
whole situation I got done I got a photo
to where I don't look like I'm 20
like teenage angst that get some early
teenage angst and it sucks but I got
everything else taken care of had a copy
of my birth certificate which I didn't
have which is important which is so
funny it's just pretty another crappy
piece of paper this sucks
I know why this really sucks I feel less
human right now that that kind of was
taken for me but still I still have it I
just wasn't able to update it I
convinced her to give it back to me
see the worst thing is I know I can't
drive and I'm not supposed to drive and
I don't drive being reminded like that
just kind of kind of just sucks and it's
just like I was saying kind of makes me
feel a little less human like I'm not as
good as everyone else
but you gotta push through that push
through the suck and it's raining so I
should probably go down there both on
sucky rain
you
this is for anyone who does not have a
green thumb this right here is the
section you should be shopping in my
sister never let Mike's on me for it but
this is definitely my spot all these
plants stay alive unless your dog gets
to them this is what I need this is what
I want to sit down and watch TV on or
this I'm not going to be picky yeah
there's a throne somewhere over there
that I would sit down on - I'll pass on
those freaking basically what I've
noticed the church companies the most
common thing you do is to sweep
otherwise without the whole wall
especially after leaving the DMV I
literally have done two of the worst
things you possibly can do one yeah with
insurance and deal with the DMV to take
this game sucks
char's having to take this color blind
test which we actually kind of took a
couple of weeks ago we did it on the
fine brothers react video the company
saw how bad I was at the test they sent
me these they look like just regular
glasses like wait forever for this the
grass looks so much brighter
really so what we're gonna do is we're
gonna do a quick little test a color
blind test that I already took I'll do
before and I'll do it after so I was
gonna do hers before
normal color vision one
I lose it like I get it and I lose it
see that one nope not seeing that one
it's gotta be a one song eight mm-hmm is
that what was it was it six it was the
six I was kind of like an eight you
can't see that no I see colors mild
dueting red and green colorblindness but
I was first born my doctor told my dad
and my mom they literally like do not
let him be an electrician that's what my
doctor told my parents nine seriously
like you just saw I thought you can
think of a seven Bethenny I like that
that's too epicenter that's it at the
one by the Senate by the nine
six at the one it's starting to see
things this is awesome
probably crap I see this one now
that's ridiculous if I take these off I
literally see no shades of red but I put
it back on I literally see the tune
that's crazy oh I see that one holy
holy I'm colorblind that's a 9
that's cool going like this looking
through them and then looking out
without them it just pops it like I
could totally see that's so crazy those
slight shades of red I was in able to
see and I see it now I could be an
electrician this has always been like a
conversation that I've always had with
friends of mine it's like yeah you know
the sky is blue but to you blue might be
purple or it might be yellow you know I
mean to me blue might be actually blue
like the whole idea of color just blows
my mind they're gonna go like that
I'm out of luck like that there it
is have you looked through this the
viewfinder it's even easier human being
again it was actually kind of crazy like
looking through the screen on the camera
with them helped even more
I gotta take the another round of the
stupid crap chemotherapy hopefully the
goal is that after this year I get a
nice little break about it maybe like
another year like what I did last time I
had a whole year break ultimate goals
that I never have to take it again
because it always makes my stomach
always crappy like this week I'll prize
tell you guys my stomach full of crap or
like I have a brain jus like crap my
head's are all like mix Max or something
like that that that's poison it sucks
but it's keeping me alive thank you so
much for watching today's video though
guys today was a little bit of rough
kind of a weird day for me when I went
to the DMV get my license they
essentially trying to take my license
away like revoke it and it just made me
feel like I was saying earlier just kind
of like less of a human just like less
than everybody and I know probably
sounds stupid but it just kind of like
it sucked it really made me feel like
crap and I'm glad that didn't happen and
you know I'm just gonna keep getting
better and better and better so that way
if I ever want to drive again
I'm just keep a low driving all the time
it's more fun don't tell her I said that
but yeah anyway don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new and I
will see you as small as always have a
great night
I really hope
100% of you guys watching this vlog are
out well it would be last night for you
but are outside because this is going to
be something so incredible that most
people only get to see once in a
lifetime
and it's going you got the drone hanging
out getting ready I feel so bad because
I feel like this doesn't do like a
really good like or give you a really
good portrait of what's going on right
now but right now like this side so your
right side is it's just a speck worth
left but for you guys it kinda just
looks like a circle but it's literally
like a half on behalf of a half of the
crescent moon
