good morning it I feel like crap right
now
so I don't know what happened between
last night or yesterday and right now
but I'm not feeling too great tomorrow
actually have to start another round of
chemo its nearing the end of the cycle
hopefully by the end of the year I don't
have to do it anymore next year but
right now I'm just trying to focus on
getting healthy so cold doesn't get me
because I don't want to have a cold
while being on chemo because like the
worst thing i want to do because if you
don't know what chemo is basically in
short it cleans out like all your immune
system to get rid of everything because
i can't pick and choose not that smart
if he's getting all your immune system
out and you're sick it just makes you
sicker so I'm just trying right now to
make sure I don't get sick so my body's
nice and strong hate that when you go to
bed you feel great and then wake up
you're like uh what happened it's like
somebody just like rubbed like a cold
right in your face like that it's like
oh you know what were to do it's like
the sick fairy so like the Tooth Fairy
it's like the evil sick Ferris
is like oh you see that guy sleeping
peacefully melt please now sick you took
up the whole bed last night you punk you
start it on the ground and now you work
your way up there oh by the way did you
guys see the Toutle sure was wearing
yesterday I got another one on right now
we got several colors i get this color
and this is the other one I was talking
about we had the black one from
yesterday so yeah guys CTFxC merge com
there now shipping to your body we
should try to fly this because things
bender sitting in the corner I've been
afraid why this since I'm confident this
didn't come with the other one alright
so I'm just waiting for the stupid thing
to freakin update and one try it before
it rains all right then make the same
mistake four times in a row or three
times in a row I suck with these things
I'm getting better son of a bitch judge
game quite tell but it's actually
raining right now so get all the rain
I'm meeting up with an ally
everyone right now you watch it just now
stopped praying I found them
the camera comes out never giving a menu
that I wanted that was not me i just
sold the radio just to order a sub and
she's cool with us up kalyan thought it
was awesome told the girl that
was just my dog basically tipper on the
water hey nope nope not yet no Marley
kids a house by like we're done good
luck out you're like George over there I
hope God my balls the rain stopped let's
do this Marley do you mind my hands are
full Cohen thank you thank you bro and
now time for the inaugural flight go mr.
aircraft go that's crazy that's a plane
that's the Phantom 30 feet prior 30,000
feet Oh Callie comes home with a bunch
of little decorations no just one and I
thought assess and address is like
perfect for are these the rest I gave
you they still have those and they're
nice and dad got a Halloween mug you got
one we just bought you to the other day
no really pop one like a while ago okay
so look at this one it's not really a
halloweenie but it's this good it smells
biology I thought it's coming cool QV
ma'am I know she crawled up there ma'am
it's 1900 the supermoon lunar eclipse
has only happened five times a lot
changes here on earth to between moments
if you guys they get it 2015 your next
up
till 2030 we will not miss it guys we
are going to get this thing on camera
and from the sky I know I like really
weird right now because I like teeth
whitener own teeth Oh char I know I I
lets the touch I think I think in
celebration of the red moon that's what
it is right red moon sorry I just know I
listen touch it i am using my list i saw
let's inequities looks so weird i doubt
while I list of touch my teeth we should
watch us get Hughie you ever tell the
internet what happens when you watch
scary movie I don't fall asleep
okay so 955 we definitely had to be
outside basically Instagram is when we
blowin up from 8pm to 1am okay pretty
much everyone Instagram is gonna blow up
tonight I don't know if everybody knows
about this though everyone's gonna go
outside quick well look at the moon
putting out there now that Instagram
when you watching this video yesterday
i'm putting out there that Instagram
blew up with moon shots and not a bus
maybe a bottle
it could clear up both of those shots
were over like 1,200 feet and I'm hoping
because it rained of course it rained in
Florida the day of something that only
happens five times and recorded history
so it really doesn't matter how high get
this stupid thing up there because the
clouds are see the move away so as your
day is probably been noticing is that
the camera is not going high enough so
when we have to do because right now is
where it tops out at tops i'll read
about here so what I'm gonna have to do
is try to tape it a little higher and
see if that work you can see coming
through the freaking trees right now
hard to see guys but it's totally
happening right now wow it's incredible
get what you needed
those how that's moving right now we are
on a mission and we are out to find a
better view of the moon cause right now
is supposed to be turning about a blood
red color that's actually an eclipse
guys you can't really tell what it is
basically happening is if it the Sun is
going what basically is happening that I
forget no idea okay well I guess Charles
doesn't really understand okay and I
could be saying this completely wrong
I'm like Susan said of guys this doesn't
happen often it actually happens every
what 20 30 years something like that
every person to see I really hope
hundred percent of you guys watching
this vlog are out well it would be last
night for you but our outside because
this is going to be something so
incredible that most people only gets
two months in a lifetime
and it's going you got the drone hanging
out getting ready oh I feel so bad
because I feel like this doesn't do like
a really good like or give you a really
good portrait of what's going on right
now but right now like this side so
you're right side is it's just a speck
of what's left for you guys it kinda
just looks like a circle but it's
literally like a half of a half of a
half of the crescent moon it's really
really tiny I'm more defined or not for
you look you can see them in turning
orange oh my god you could see the moon
turning orange oh my gosh that is so
cool
it's really faint but it's definitely in
turning orange oh my god you can totally
see it on the camera nice lender is like
how many other people throughout this
universe have the opportunity to see
something like that what I'll think a
lot of people are going to look at or
hear that comment and laugh but you know
there's obviously there has to be
something else out there in the universe
but do people or things or organisms or
whatever they do they get to experience
what we get to experience or is this
like a daily thing for them like the
moon coming out at night for us I just I
don't know
I'm so blown away what's that song total
eclipse saw the heart I don't think you
can take away a lot you can't your tiger
yeah I know you know you have to keep
your shirt on I know I know they take it
off in the movie but no no no no
exceptions right you keep your shirt on
such a okay you want to go get a few
Jesus a werewolf mm-hmm you are you the
werewolf ET je this is what happens in
the line of getting footage for the
internet do that worth it though both
legs right there click adjust give you a
good little hair trim
alright guys hope you enjoyed today's
video and our little adventure with the
Blood Moon which is kind of crazy thing
about the next Blood Moon that we will
all watch together would be think 18
years from now at 2033 okay now check
this out this is gonna blow your mind
what is 18 x 365 6500k what is 6570 plus
2341 my answer is 8911 so i was the next
Blood Moon we're all gonna be watching
together on the CTFxC s day 8911 which
is insane to think about we will see you
guys tomorrow as always and have a great
night bye guys doodles doodles see that
I think this is this no that's who the
boys come right there there's Billy inch
are close behind so linen and ye are
dominating the golf course however
you're doing really good too I'm okay
I'm petting I'm really good at making a
splash I'm blinking which guys can't see
me under my tongue boxes but some I lost
some water somewhere and little fishes
are now gathering it to their home for
decoration Phil and I both got in the
sand pit
