hi guys remember last year we went
golfing we're doing the same golf
tournament at the end
we would all have to save turtles and
hopefully we don't have to get stuck in
the rain in the comments below whose
will be better team Phil and Charles or
team listen Ally by the way like we do
shirt and a broken collarbone yes we're
handicapped literally literally we're
literally handicapped just think of it
as like a giant game of minigolf I have
I don't know how this is gonna go Oh a
broken collarbone over there may be
actually might help cuz I won't try to
kill it every time yeah maybe this would
be easier then if you have a broken
collarbone do exactly the opposite of
what Phil's doing uh-huh you know oh
we're good it opens up over there it
actually knocked down just hit it
straight all right we're good we're
dropping I hit a duck pardon me sir have
you seen a ball yes it had have gone
into water it had to of all right we
might have to go the instant replay to
find this ball maybe it's in the hole
might be I mean I hit it right down the
middle of fairway yeah he did alright so
I got to be 10 feet there you go oh
that's gonna get a carp at bounce there
we go that dog'll hunt there we go there
we go all right there we go all right
we're progressing all right we got it
still got a shot here okay there we go
yeah just like minigolf there we go stop
rolling do all dancing though there we
go but we're chipping a button
technically went in hard another hole
we're not that bad all right so we're
doing okay let's go see what Ali moles
are doing so we've got Melissa that
lands got Peggy and we are about to
start and you're something ladies
neither of us I think I've ever played
all right I didn't get it in the water
Melissa got it in the water Lynn got in
the water and taking out furnace which
guys it's me Adele hey it's somewhere
that's haven't really close Scola
Michael teen is are probably strictly
with me so we're not sure but we're
pretty positive that Melissa's ball went
into the water can you reach it yeah
Charles Trippy in 18 told he's calling
the shots folks he's calling the shots
this isn't right L this is absolutely
incredible never been done before in
country a golf course history Charles
Trippy oh you know it opens up over
there all right oh you're a big buddies
huh or I think you babe guy man come on
come on come on come on oh holy would
win oh you put ah ah all right we got a
nine this is a par nine right I'm
waiting for the girls to get a little
closer hold on
it's definitely not so anyway she saw
ourself hot this is a terrible
idea run worth it too far maybe too posh
which doesn't really say much for you
we're learning oh wait for the wrong way
oh really right here sweet there is oh
thanks thanks Phil it's really simple
say thanks fair so this right here head
over that you just don't want to hit it
in the water this is really simple get
over that get over that others tool you
nailed it oh there's water over there
too you nailed it oh here's no that's
not him either yeah
okay oh how I did it but I was able to
hit this stupid thing a tiny little 10
right there and probably would have went
in for I am look at this it's those four
I'm saying it's all that working out the
scene side of a golf ball do you guys
ever wanted to know oh right well you
know Phil Phil get up I gotta get some
divot mix very crucial should get some
different mix she kids wanna see that
just nothing look carefully guys the
yin-yang twins look at opposite clothes
right now we're like all creeping on
them I know I can't give us sink that
putt there babe I'm almost looking at
this guy's gonna wash my ball it's very
important that i watch on balls my balls
don't fit if you could put like a insert
an internet meme mm-hmm cleaning my ball
watch me insert internet meme here
watching my balls boys have left their
cart unattended feel like we should
steal something and there are nowhere to
be found well there they are buy back
heart route of your car not away get it
get away
across the water I decided be careful by
the end of 800 rat drop area Oh
off-roading don't worry I'll get that
wait nevermind I'll get that just break
in the fence I think they have this like
this for four frickin reason hey came
apart really easy oh it's a practice
swing I were in the mood no still great
but that was a good boy nice a very good
yes these and gentlemen we are here at
the dogleg left thats is king okay cuz
we know what we're talking about we
don't nine I think this is it this is
excess know that tonight you're the boys
come right there there's Philly and char
there's Tom we're close behind so linen
Peggy are dominating the golf course
however you're doing really good too I'm
okay I'm petting I'm really good at
making a splash I'm blinking which guys
can't see me under my sunglasses but so
my sloth water somewhere and little
fishies are now gathering it to their
home for decoration
Phil and I both got in the sandpit good
stand behind it yeah it's two inches
behind it I try it again
Wow all right you're out you can get Ali
come on out and it's in the water never
mind such nearing the end guys and I
suck but you're rolling yes sir there
the boys are taking their sweet old time
we don't have all day fellas it's so
beautiful look at the clouds all right
formal s whole are you feeling confident
good it's really hot for doing great we
add sweetness what's this team is about
40 times to it let you see how much
credit you know you proud of your son
girl I'm actually pretty proud of myself
for that one I was like oh my gosh I
didn't even rip up grass what if I
mentioned that oh yeah there we go
that's the key we only help I Gulf State
oodles it works we have completed our
game of golf and it's quite successful I
mean I was really impressed pull this
off now we're gonna go see how good the
boys did are actually help yeah sure oh
my weird hybrid mode right now every
time I would hate the ball I take
toodles and go exit car Tom do the two
and he actually did
let me unveil it ready wow that's even
worse babe oh thanks I feel so much
better hahaha come on come on Ali
Kissing guess you can see clusters of
rain storms here then go over here you
can see a giant cluster ring I just to
my bone piece please it's like a child
just let him exhaust himself so Ali is
taking out the dinner got a date right
now it's gonna go bad I hope you enjoyed
today's video don't forget to subscribe
to get a brand-new and we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night doodles bye guys Marley
oh honey make sure your mom doesn't fall
like what we for slow as balls feet hugs
coast but when you walk with like think
about like leaning forward like you're
gonna walk forward so you want hey god
Hank excluders turn and and that night
banana dead and another night net
