start today mark you Goblin
so I just got a notification actually I
didn't get a notification I want to go
check on the lawn which by the way is
now working and I sold it on the door
which is one of those soft FedEx you
know we tried to kind of deliver
something and said they tried to deliver
it at 9:00 a.m. which is complete horse
crap we were sitting right there editing
around that time and we have three dogs
if they at least attempted to try to
deliver something one of the dogs would
have just let us know you don't hate
when they do that it's like we tried to
do it oh well now you have to come over
to us twenty minutes now to go pick up
what I hope is my phantom so that's the
only good news is right now hopefully
it's like a phantom you're afraid of
ducks I don't recommend coming on this
street sorry for our momentary panic so
pretty out today even is so pretty it's
hot so I'm sure all you guys remember
the sad day when my drone flew away but
I was in talks with them and they said
they were gonna help replace it being
that's what's in here right now and we
can probably have a drone back so I
definitely have to say thank you for
helping with that oh my god it is look
at this oh happy day oh yeah
they helped replace a possession and
that makes me happy do the dog
inspection is it good does it pass
inspection but I had to go complete
Danny's gift and now we got to go bring
him the bead I hear it I know I hear it
I totally hear but I don't care I think
we found Ali's favorite place in the
world which one did you get prickly pear
and I got America pop and when I got
attacked by a Rowdies fans are they the
st. Pete Rowdies holiday to the Tampa
Rowdies really I think there's a P
Rowdies the soccer team there's like a
restaurant and I think it's where the
Rowdies go can you see him
where'd he go where you go okay charge
do something nice and he's getting me a
sub because we're really hungry that's
my story it's nothing really special but
up that's definitely my story it's a sub
you wanted to but I'm making him go get
it not really kind of I don't know
Carter and his sister and his mom and
Phil's stepmom we're all gonna go to the
Lightning game tonight I'm puppy setting
for dogs tonight it's gonna be a party
and a half I told you see I told you you
would come I got food let's go to the
hockey game well you're gonna go you'll
get to go you know that was like the
mean is sorry I've ever seen it sorry
damn it
every time seven-zip
touchdown my mom's birthday tomorrow
we're celebrating my mom's birthday what
are you gonna get out this for a couple
punch down
we'll make it happen
that's where what the last time where
they're bringing everything out last
time guys come on guys
look guys and graphic the so damn real I
pursue my joystick
around
so we're sneaking off and trying to get
my mom a sweater some I think it's my
mom's the most difficult person to shop
for so kids always sneak off their fire
I got their job
when char Melissa get back Phil's gonna
bring over a cake we're gonna kind of
surprise to our mom with it's a little
like mini I don't know kind of a little
surprise for now hanging out with these
guys hanging out with these goofballs
and then mr. Cove what are you doing
what are you doing buddy
so I was filming on snapchat right here
and here at Christian Cara and Mady
found me on snapchat good eyes guys
fight
so what'd you see Gary another Jim Jerry
what you see I don't know well what
about you Jerry Phil totally didn't get
that cake from Publix he totally made
that himself
I saw him baking the whole time what's
really there's the birthday girl fancy
fancy you look at some snazzy yeah today
is going to be the first day we can
legally sing happy birthday on the wall
wait a minute what do you mean happy
birthday now public domain so yeah we
won't get in trouble now my mom hijacked
my Instagram now she knows that go to
zoo yeah right
who exactly was you doing careful I
already brought me here was uh uh Elmo
if I thought that
we're watching mama trippi's going for
like an idea these are going well things
we didn't idea that go back here yeah
I'll kill ya how do you make sure your
butt toast but when you walk away like
think about like leaning forward like
you're gonna walk forward so you want
blocks me like you know it's always a
party at the trapeze my mom was getting
a little cocky over there
Internet I hope you enjoyed today's
video please make sure to wish mama
trippy a very pleasant awesome birthday
in the comments anyway don't forget to
subscribe you as a brand new and we will
see you guys tomorrow always have a
great night
doodles bye guys look at this this is
gonna put a smile on your face before
going to bed
or leaving this video ready
crazy you got this entire beach right
now by yourself come on are you going
excuse me Marley excuse me ma'am hey
what's a good idea right what's this
