we see something funny hold on PETA see
yesterday's video to that pool on the
but there's still got my awesome scroll
is still on your back so that squirrel
back yep I don't have my new yes god
that's up there I know I couldn't have a
penis on my face and the marker actually
came off which is good because we
actually are doing something pretty cool
today cue intro
so did you say good morning I said I
have poop on my butt still yeah that's
my way he's so very Thunder shitty day
we show him you still got your crap oh I
got my poor head off you guys remember a
long time ago
when I was telling you about the Lisa
beds for every 10 mattresses that are
sold one is donated to a homeless
shelter a whole bunch of them because of
you guys are being donated to a local
homeless shelter right now so we're
gonna go see how it's done get the vlog
up for today and he was kind of freaking
out we had a bit of an issue yeah as
something's gonna get old YouTube 95% I
just wanted like tipping tip the bucket
don't worry it'll be okay they'll be on
there he goes herckel is avenue there
kilt pergolas
and I said it's Hercules he goes
Hercules that's what I said
no you said you said her clothes agree
to disagree yeah no let's just agree
that I'm right if you guys have not seen
yesterday's video the tattoo rail at
challenge one I'm trying to upload right
now let go check it out if we get this
video over 300,000 views I'm gonna give
away a ton of free hoodies share to your
friends here to the family Twitter
Facebook Tumblr you can write a letter
to your friend and stamp it and snail
mail it with a link if you want so grab
the link in the description below and
share it all over the place guys it's
all look good don't even say all over
the place
there better be something over there
seriously it looks like he was gonna
crash she was so low it was wobbling one
of those scary a Cessna planes the ones
that always seem to mow down so we are
at the homeless empowerment program this
is Ashley
we got Brad and we got lives over here
too and Ashley is just going to briefly
tell you what you're about to see
clothing and services so our whole goal
here is to try and break the cycle of
homelessness and get people back on
their feet and living independently they
were just saying how many and they keep
the families together they have on-site
medical medical mental health and
substance abuse family
made all that incredible the dental
clinic so we have three chairs total we
provide half a million dollars with a
free dental care to residents over here
it's absolutely free to the residents
there are some of the donations yep
those are non-perishable so just so you
guys know all those cans actually go to
good use
donate those cans and then when their
the program thing
and nobody's really turned down from the
program and there's no real strength
qualification skin to
whether that means you're in a hotel
so you know when your church's clothing
drives so basically the lesson is don't
throw away what you consider junk no
never throw away anything so essentially
this entire block is you guys Children's
Learning Center
so you're doing computer skills training
resume billing
things like that together President Lee
is back into place not only do they like
provide like sleeping places real food
but they actually get you back on the
workforce
eleven area so spectrum surrounded
there's only two jobs around each
there's ten men in this unit upstairs
but this is actually we're going to be
using mattresses oh so this is where
some of the vets are housed
you said this is the permanent area
really can gather together a first sense
of camaraderie they have activities that
they can participate in there's a gym in
here
there is guys this is what you guys
helped make happen coming 32 Wow
that is amazing we go through a lot of
matters yeah we actually changed out 40
of our
these mattresses awesome 32
hello moon so we're gonna meet up with
Brad I think Danny's actually gonna come
over we're gonna hang out with everyone
down here in Ybor City we won't no place
we're not called in Columbia which I
Columbia restaurant established 1905
actually today has been one of the most
eye-opening and rewarding and cool days
and a long time just a simple day it's
very humbling for sure something that I
know I do as an individual take for
granted
I think everyone takes for granted
little things and not only just like
what I have in the opportunities that I
have but just food on the table and
basic necessities yeah basic necessities
of life and just you know being at this
facility where they allow the
opportunity for families families your
your friends men women veterans everyone
to get back on their feet and help them
get to that point and push them to that
point and then these children that don't
have homes they push them to get the
best possible grades that they can get
the children's section that one Ali and
I both had to put our glasses on because
we were both tearing up on that one no
no it kind of just shows how wonderful
the world is like when you lose faith in
humanity and go to a place like this and
you can't like kind of ridiculous toward
when you see it like the negative in the
world and you see people being cruel or
unkind or just then you go here and you
see this it's so easy to focus on the
negative that it makes us feel a little
silly for us focusing on the negative
yeah on the down days and I agree it
kind of changed my outlook on a lot of
things in life because I know right now
that I'm going through some weird things
and it just kind of may open my eyes and
made me realize like why am I even upset
over that yeah things when there's
people that genuinely you don't have
homes but positive thing this whole
situation is the fact that these people
that didn't have homes and that really
had nowhere to go like that opportunity
yeah and another thing that I thought
was so crazy people that weren't
homeless had a job and they have a place
to live but were pot had the possibility
of being on the verge of being homeless
this facility provided them money and
care and the opportunity to not become
homeless again they they they did that
they prevented homelessness when we went
to that garage and all those mattresses
that had me like on tears right there
because it reminded me of all of you
guys that you guys made that happen I
could say you know that we did it but no
it was you guys you made that happen and
meeting with the CEO the founder and
they were so gracious they were so happy
and grateful they're so interested in to
know what you guys are who you guys are
you know one thing that we kept telling
the CEO and the president was the fact
that you know you guys as a community
came together and helped this happen
because without you we wouldn't be able
to do it they said that this was one of
the most incredible donations and you
guys did that so I just give yourself
everyone right now round of applause for
you guys to serve clapping right now
round of applause this is like a really
good opportunity for you guys also to
kind of look at what you did and then
pay forward continue to just like you
know say hi like paying it forward and
just giving kindness to someone else not
just saying going out buying them
something but just no just a high-five
yeah smiles holding the door doing a
kind gesture because I think we take for
granted yeah a little bit goes a long
way guys over 32 people that are gonna
be sleeping on something comfortable and
I could be sleeping on the ground and I
think that's an incredible and
incredible thing you guys did this like
yes without you this would not have
happened I swear I'm ill I think without
you guys this would not have happened
and they were just so thankful I always
go back to win these videos started or
when I was starting doing these videos
ten years ago seven years ago and I
never thought that it would be such a
community such a family that would come
out of making YouTube videos
I guess Ali and I just wanted to say
thank you so much and we hope this was
kind of like a way to inspire you guys
like she said to pay it forward and try
to rather spread good to spread positive
and just spread love and just be
thankful it can make the world just a
much better place I hope you guys go to
bed with a giant freaking smile on your
face knowing that you made a difference
in this world and today and we just
wanted to say thank you so much from the
bottom of our heart for making this
happen and we will see you guys tomorrow
as always toodles love you guys
bye guys
