so we just got home for getting my blood
again
for your gorgeous darling after you look
good like that yep my dad for Charles
dude so dapper ever put your hands in
there
thank you you want me to tell him that
you're not in the oven okay hey I know
you're right next oh she's not in the
office yes
you're not the office in there okay
I'm sorry they're not here here I got a
question for you guys who remembers
these things and second off you guys
remember being in mixed school and
loading Super Mario on your graphic
calculator give a pursuit of Mario on it
so big yeah there you go
go get those coins you created this
level
this is my level good luck the world's
most impossible level I can't get
through it you've been playing Mario 20
years of our life when we can't figure
this out
impossible impossible and we've got my
Kahu was they doing oh my god I'm really
gonna regret this challenge how do you
know it
you can't play him paint stupid leaves
because well what if we like relax or by
yourselves so we are going to do a
challenge today we decided that there's
a lot of challenge videos out there but
we wanted to make one that's a little
bit unique and I'm reading the new one
called the tattoo roulette challenge I
don't have really any other words those
of us - I think this would be awesome
what we have done is we have four
different bowls first of all is going to
be I - they're open drawings tattoo or
you want to be blindfolded doing the
tattoo second Pole is actually going to
be with whatever utensil so we have
Gallagher medians yeah sharpies or henna
and for those who don't know what henna
is it's like a temporary tattoo to take
a lot long like a month maybe maybe a
month to us yeah you know something a
little bit more permanent but it's
perfect okay then third rule is going to
be where it's once you on your body so
we have tons of different things you
have arms plans
hey forehead yeah everywhere okay class
finales is the wonderful ideas that you
guys have in Oh uniform
dog poop a penis the word penis Justin
Bieber's and moon I have no idea how to
draw funny fingers laughs Ali one he's
going first so I gotta choose for what
Ali is the paint on me yes all right
your eyes are gonna be open your lucky
dr. Jeff
- well ours open closes eyes eyes are
closed
swirl around whirl around swirl around
on my back what do I have to get on my
butt okay rolling round roll around roll
around who knows we got one right off
the bat I get dog poop on my butt
I will call it has seen coming up
this is how I'm gonna start again right
up that good go down to perhaps every
you right now sure is sitting with this
famous cowboy down we didn't really
think this dude because it takes three
to five hours to dry my face yeah who's
the real winner there I know your dress
hey close your eyes open marker okay
yeah lucky for you warhead I've ever do
it did a smiling okay on my forehead
permanent marker okay we don't want to
be an old fan good look at Beauty great
there let's get a little close-up
thought hey what do you want to be once
why the face here I'll give you one
right like if we were to plan this this
would be the best one so far phrase out
oh my gosh I have a smiley face Elena
thank you look beautiful you look
gorgeous
okay firstly you have two options sir
open Hannah Hannah again somebody
there's literally a 50/50 shot here no
wait that's not a 50/50 wouldn't be
thirty three point three three three low
and we're back oh hey look to this we're
gonna stand for you get on that lower
back what feels good like this no I
don't want this
oh it's squirrel - squirrel or back
there's my squirrel hope your ass get
this girl you're folding a nut he got
this one fun your shirt I think it's the
mud I feel like I'm in super open I'm
like flowing marker okay what left for
that's like with the tattoos Oh nearly
yes alien and flora like you can do like
an alien head okay that's the alien
that's not too bad I feel like you
lucked out on that one
wait hold on hold on you know what I'll
do
I give him a body he's all happy and she
I suck at this stuff
that's okay but angry
okay the end zone of my my aliens and
guys wanna alien tattoos I do them all
day
it's another fucking henna tattoo I
don't get blind blind toy marker okay
we're still the game motherfucker before
and I just I put it on this one to an
elephant
hi elfin I'm try for him I have to use
my imagination and drilling you're right
you're right
that's a left this is the right wait how
do you draw get your finger in the dry
position both warm all right what about
the knowledgeable that I look like okay
we'll see if she did it there no I see
absolutely no oven
this was mics with the feet there's no
Jessamine and then there's the head of
it he remembers the haven't drunk and
then here's the tail okay looks like the
elephant is blowing a horn like a
trumpet that's an elephant oh I think I
feel like this the loser thing when you
get the blindfolded marker thank God it
was a Hannah really such a fucking idiot
right now
okay so let me let me explain me this is
an elk
that's body and legs a little detail
that we had up here this is the truck
set the target
gotta get a henna tattoo babe
blindfolded okay okay right side that's
a good one that's like right here so
that's that part where it's up front at
a tube so all right we still hidden
all right on the beach license gaming
your choice oh fuck yeah so I'm gonna be
nice and do one of these things but
because I love you I'm gonna do
I only do because I love you honey Oh No
believe don't make it so big says the
lady that druid elf now wipe off when my
grandmother watches this I'm how am I
gonna explain this hey Gramps
daya Florida
take a the winner of the United States
okay I have several things on my butt
so who's a real winner I don't really
know Eileen this is the cool thing about
this challenge there's no winner it's
just fun straight-up fun we got so
screwed on the choices like we got the
worst ones possible because I mean
there's like unicorn a piece of cheese
pizza there's so many good ones in here
and somehow we got the absolute worst
ones a stick figure
perfect glasses mom I'm sorry
all right Internet well we hope you
enjoyed our stupid decisions today I'm
doing a tattoo challenge I challenge all
you internet people
Jessie Gina we challenge you to the
tattoo roulette challenge you have to I
challenge you I triple dog dare you che
thank you triple dog dare you to we will
see you guys tomorrow always have a
great night
wow I have a penis somewhere don't
forget to subscribe bye guys doodles
Florida explora come we're that is for
us oh my god we failed to go back
offering yeah you're not a dragon
oh yeah brand-new episode of be versus
you gaming is now out Danny verse myself
back to the outro
fun little dragon
hi you girls are so good I know you aid
this they grew up with a life of
costumes alright
Internet who do you think like this the
most definitely none of them definitely
not zoe Marley
I think Marley doesn't mind it I think
Marley's the only one that doesn't care
when I was little I was a dinosaur leave
actually we have it on camera what's
this - a little jump - when I was like 7
years old
oh yeah
