instead so beautiful outside and I'll
think of the trees and the birds and the
bees and the camera never lies that's
what I deal with in the morning
go wash the car go walk the dog go take
out the trash just lay there and do
nothing good girl so we're watching a
DVD made by a CTFxC r from the hometown
show last year it's pretty cool to
relive this moment not in a vlog this is
a moment from this girl that so it's
like a blog moment through the eyes of a
CTFxC r which is cool because this is
not the vlog right here does anyone know
what the hell is going on with that
happens right there I don't know what's
going on getting really pissed off
though salon services freaking garbage
push it on no wonder why the grass is
 dying i'm really i'm a really
bad freaking homeowner Iran come on sir
another hidden one back here I hear
stuff there's a piss of this hole I'm
trying to be the tim the toolman right
now it may be I think this is it I think
maybe the filter was dirty said it
almost feels so awesome that was it oh
my god I fix it oh my god
ally in the house I fix it all by myself
I fixed it see it looks like what's
happening is there's getting a lot of
sediment and dirt watch I'll get rid of
it by just releasing it sit here oddly
enough my left hand is stronger oh maybe
that son of a bitch it ain't right look
it's like a freaking ice cream cone
now works see this is the part I don't
know how to fix at least I have figured
out the problem are you doing it Paul
Rudd do you just turn it now it's coming
over here more so we have to turn it off
is it turning look at us looks like four
is working damn four is working great Oh
how's the tool man Taylor whoa so let
the record show guys that I don't always
break things sometimes oh wait the
camera's not broken just dirty he's ob1
diesel get ready for the new Star Wars
movie he's ready for Star Wars your cat
this is your cap I'm really genuinely
pumper now because I know there's a
thing on the Internet of Charles always
breaking things and you are I didn't
break it okay let me just go over here
okay let's just look at how his cactus
right there's Ali's cactus so she gave
up but aren't these fake these are fake
cactuses right these are real no you're
totally fake so he could be the elephant
I feel fan okay i want easel to be a
shark it'll be a shark the elephant
elephants pretty funny can we get that
one for the room since you don't like
the one i already bought this one's look
scary plot is never scary he's smiling
oh don't break it please then we will
own it
so I went to the place where we got our
letters and we met those people the
people that own the company and they
hooked us up some extra letters because
I wanted to get this for Danny it's not
really a surprise anymore because I kind
of broke a surprise but I got the L in
the VA now and I'm get the deform later
since he's moving I want him to have it
really cool like like Bart piece in a
new place I know I'm such a good friend
we're gonna be those people and we got
halloween costumes we always get
halloween costumes for Zoey Marley but
this is the first time we're gonna have
halloween costumes for diesel come on
you elephant sorry and Marley is a what
is that a caterpillar centipede hello
are you Stuart the funny thing about
Marley & costumes is she just doesn't
care she'll wear whatever oh you wanna
come in now you're not the right costume
or is like okay I better get some food
for this is his mouth is getting eaten
by the dragon we had an elephant a bug
of sorts a rainbow bug and we got a
dragon we're having a little fashion
break right now little photo shoot it's
just too small for him yeah you're not a
dragon come on little dragon hi you
girls are so good I know you hate this
they grew up on a life of costumes all
right internet who do you think likes
this the most definitely none of them
definitely not Zoe just Marley I think
Marley doesn't mind it I think Marley's
the only one that doesn't care when I
was little I was a dinosaur leave
actually we have it on camera what's
this do a little jump to when I was like
seven years old
alright man my let me see your tail yeah
I know my guess is you're cutest in a
bubble b.c that a bumblebee I don't know
what that is what is that what are you
fly little bug some kind of bug that is
alright Dumbo I always forget that
marley likes that will just wear clothes
ours are you want to be this bumblebee
thing what the hell this is their career
okay you want to wear this it's super
tiny but you can work Zoe hey dragon you
guys scared Kate our guard dragon it's
our guard dragon that only comes up for
food at least you wanted to be a dragon
on adult fun it will be fun diesel be
the elephant good caterpillar hey buddy
you wanna be the elephant I'll put you
the elephant to later now we got the
elephant and we got the dragon everyone
switching marley's still gonna be this
rainbow caterpillar thing oh well few
guys doing chillin play with your toy so
I'm a little freaked out right now not
totally freaked out but so I just want
to go take my medication and one of the
many pills I have to do and I noticed
that I am completely out of like this is
completely this would be completely out
of one medication and I'm almost out of
another and we've done tomorrow morning
so I'm kind of freaking out right now so
I have to go take a cab or an uber to go
get my medication or and advocate allies
at the grocery store getting food
deliciousness right
other than you know everything else is
going on in my body that I hate so much
is this the medication that I constantly
have to take there's so many pills
there's I have to take four five six
seven I picked eight pills twice a day
right now at this point and I hope one
day they have like just a way that I
don't have to do that because it's it's
like one of those things it just sucks i
hate taking medication but I've got one
thing I'm pretty good at I love watching
people take them like advil and they're
like hold on I gotta like drinking this
water and they're like trying to take
that one like one advil with me I could
take like eight pills and pop them in at
once I've gotten that good I don't know
if that's actually a good thing or a bad
thing are you crying don't cry i'll put
you a little beasts you on over the hell
that is you miss your little centipede
outfit
what Thank You Larry look I don't know
where to look three terrible catch
diesel no more wagon detail stop it
right now stop looking your chill I'm
angry at you Ingrid you stop bugging her
tail OOP well Internet thank you so much
for watching today's video in the
comments tell me which costume doggy
costume one and this year's dog costume
contest I guess we could say don't
forget to subscribe you guys are
brand-new and we will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
doodles bye guys
you
you
