today we have to take this little kitty
for her checkup slash more shots and I
think we got to find out if we are
supposed to spay her anytime soon
meaning no Rica's your eyes are so
creeped out right now like this sucks
lied to me who told me we were going to
the park how much you think she weighs
now for I'm gonna say four and what's
the key point to going to it I guess
last time three something - I think
there's no I think she 20 house and I
was really I was like the first time I
think I think you had 16 I'm gonna say
4.2 so just shy of my $1.00 so Ally
almost got it to the T she's 3 point 10
pounds 10 ounces
she said 3.11 I went along I'll take
place well you did win well you went
over though technically we both went
over your closest and I just won't if
it's in the same moon she's not happy
right now she's like really civil brain
and Charles is leaving tomorrow and we
were trying to figure out well if you
were gonna to the day before he left
that wasn't like high intensity or
anything crazy so we're like um we're
gonna go out we're gonna do Christmas
shopping
been in big Christmas shopping wait is
that well I'm not gonna you got the
Christmas shopping what we decided to do
was we done to a store and we decided
that each of us should pick out clothes
for one another one outfit that is kind
of crazy and bizarre and totally not
something we would wear and then
something that we think are significant
other would wear so I bought for him he
bought for me I'm so incredibly nervous
here's some clips of us shopping so it's
getting to be I guess it's not really
it's only blimey I was gonna say it's
crunch time
but I feel like we still have a good
amount of time
it's actually cold today people who are
at the beach and it's too good to murder
alright anyway so we're still going and
trying to find all this Christmas stuff
and getting that and tomorrow I leave oh
my god
and tomorrow I have to leave for Kansas
City well you just take it I'm done I'm
done I'm just gonna turn you off crazy
is that tomorrow I actually leave to go
what am I going where's the shot Kansas
going to Kansas City I think it's Kansas
City we want to have a show head of the
city I think it's opening things so you
guys might go I put it on Twitter go
check it out does this make anyone else
G on it just got me I literally was just
walking out the store and I saw that
shirt and I just started going I hate
that why are you guys thinking
damnit where she go
ah be such a dick
trying to lose me so we're just sitting
here trying to find Christmas presents
and we just came out with an idea they'd
be think would be really funny randomly
today so what we're gonna do is I'm
gonna buy under $50 I can't spend more
than $50 but I'm gonna buy an entire
outfit for Ali and she's gonna try it on
she has to wear it though you got to
leave me alone I gotta spend no more
than 50 bucks right I'm not those aren't
coming home nope you can't help that's
the thing all right so we're switching
it up now he's going down you're making
too many rules so just feel you have
something that we think really cute over
here
no it'll be fine Santa little if you can
do one
I decline both and in your will so
you're in the wrong Department how he's
gonna film her end and I'm gonna fill
mine okay yeah yes oh my god yes oh wait
30 bucks completely blow my entire
budget so these are cheaper take some
daisy dukes perfect six all right so
these are only feel like this is what I
need to do this would be fun
I found a way better shirt that's a way
better shirt oh man clean up with me
over budget
oh man I need to find this seriously on
sale I'm doing this all wrong with this
one
oh man it's like velvet - I'm sorry
realize I'm really bad at I'm trying to
find apparently Ally size but not
everything that was sold out she must be
like right there in the middle I should
get her a spork
oh man yes and it's on sale oh man I
think we got a little win it right here
what is this okay I think I'm set I'm
gonna go find out hey you ready yeah so
I don't really know exactly what you
picked out I'm very nervous try it on
you know I have a weird really feeling
like what I bought him but we're gonna
go ahead and do it now let's see who did
a better job at shopping for the other
person or who did a workshop and what
makes it funnier for you marlis already
going to the gym though
should I go first you go first you go
first okay so does that mean that I can
use my outfit for you first or does that
mean that I hang her up the first good
idea
hey you tell tales hey Siri flip coin so
um thanks look listen Esther and I have
a new love for camp and I think the
bshorts perfectly captured that's the
shirts huge I'm not gonna lie on this
shirt so comfortable no I know it's
obvious thing ever since I like what
it's representing so your girl support
girls I like that
yes poor people don't like the shorts at
all and I feel like I'm too old
you don't like this isn't it
my butt cheeks are Aniyah like Ireland
davell get nice geez all right all right
time for your turn hiya buddy
first off I'm gonna say it's not that
she did pretty good job on this one
oh I see I think it's pretty good if the
weather changes like Dixie in the
warning and then it turns 18 afternoon
good job hads awesome all the way that's
not the canvas I think it was like 40 46
I love him prompt to Grandma's video
ideas yes diesel he's under the tree by
the way he's almost knocked down two
times today I thought it worse you know
what I don't think it's a bad dress that
says supposed to be bad um I wouldn't
wear it though
not that it's ugly or bad but this is
like a I would never wear this every
process is it too so I did good or is
that bad I mean two is negative two
damn so decent that's higher the number
that is I like it
you're not supposed to like I don't know
two months to say that we don't really
know what
they say this one for me is worse than
the lesson because I just I would
something I would never wear that shirt
upstairs I could I would wear a bill
then I would wear a bigger shirt I like
jean shorts put all that together not
good for me I'm not a big fan of
Sylvester thing
no like I like the stang whatnot I don't
know that was you don't like the velvet
no all right
Titus asked you guys in the comments
Ali's first outfit or second outfit yeah
which was better meaning which one was
worse like it's so ugly that it just
became cool again so in that case I may
want that one oh you gave one because
it's a good good nature stuff we might
do a part two of this one day and then
that way we have to walk around the
entire day wearing the cow outfit that
somebody else picked what would your
first outfit first one I mean I liked it
so 10 this one this one very festive
same time it's like weak Santa yes as
ugly as these shorts are I would totally
wear these shorts for like I think if
you like he'd like I'll be given enough
ugly no one said it was funny
the Raney's are not working for us we
don't have a rating I don't think so
so I genuinely think she's gonna like
this morning see that's simply something
you deliver this is definitely something
I would wear but I did a good job hey a
button top these pants might be a 5
super small but this definitely ain't my
style I'm gonna give you because I would
have completed it maybe something but I
would give this a night this is pretty
real so I could go so lesson learned
here guys I know my wife you know she
doesn't like you know what she does like
about it so in the comments right now
I'm just turning this down i'm darris a
blinded by light dad joke so let us know
in the comments who did better at the
funny one and who did better at the good
one I think I did better at both well
we're gonna find out actually tell us in
the comments and actually if you looked
at that eye thing on the screen right
there if you click that it'll actually
let you vote as well so tell us in the
comments and click up there so that way
we actually see a number and but I want
to see it ones responses in the comment
and we hope you guys enjoyed this very
that's our random variate it was fun
yeah I just really owes just come out
when we're basically not knowing what
we're doing great and I have to tell you
one thing I did learn from today that I
won't let y'all buy my clothes every
fancy awesome the jeans are sweet I'm
pretty positive I'm not gonna be able to
get out of them
I can help you I walked him back alright
you have a good night guys I will see
you in Kansas City
