I
are you ready yet are you ready yet are
you ready yet Jeanne another two more
seconds you ready right Zoey we've
already taken for naps lux so you just
drop my phone you pick it up you pick it
up Zoey hey respect here newborn in the
barn her leg is kind of still doing up
knit ski cookies come on go
poor girl yes it work you died
can you do it you try so fat jokes on
you all right you guys should go blame
Stan I'm going to hurt you sex so
unfortunately they don't do returns here
so we're going to see if you can try to
find some other letters thinking about
maybe doing deal being or getting Danny
it's something like that was that my
protector baby you realize we're doing
antiquing again Sunday inadvertently do
you think it works probably not so you
read a palm I guess I have a little
freckle on my finger that's weird it's
like the best parking job on the planet
right there babe found a place that has
gourmet ice pops I don't know that means
but it really piqued our fancy you
tweaked us a little bit that sounds
weird
that's very interesting so it's goat
cheese that's so interesting boring as
that watermelon I think Shay and I
basically have a competition bloods
watermelon the most
planet
molesting my lolly pop secure Wally hold
on guys we were taking a selfie good
about the way to something that I've
never really done before my life right
how do you do that then you just get it
on me just to it's like act like a child
with a lot of hurt never it was elected
very sensitive boy
I think there's a select few people that
I know can do that and when you're all
weird silly little dolphins swimming in
land since I just kind of moved here
like what are the two months ago three
months ago and Ali's lived here her
whole life just going around dolly right
now she's kind of showing around the
area since i'm so used to sarasota so
much I know like everything over there
but right now i'm still learning my way
around my new home i guess as you say
that is a big store fish remember in
Cabo a talent like they were always like
you want swordfish we just caught
swordfish it like every fisherman there
like caught a swordfish there's like
five minutes ago yeah do you think they
have vegetarian stuff a lot of meat I
got it solely for the name this place is
freaking cool this is why we need to
start like venturing out a little bit
more throughout the area
waffles I got the masseur wore pancakes
a Wallace that's probably just as bad as
the Microsoft where's apple today isn't
it I don't know where I've been but
apparently popsicles seem to be the new
thing that is this is interesting so I
have no idea where Ali went to go get a
table I'm actually looking at her
snapchat right now
alright so that's where I got to look
for social media nerds found her you
know it's sad the only way I found out
where you were was from your snapchat
how's your veggie burger over there sir
in pieces so I think about veggie burger
so there's no consistency she's like
what gain hua Weis
tails when he ate it just goes yeah I
don't want to be a burger anymore cuz
it's not meant to be a bird
hey finchy pinchy pinchy you were my
favorite band when I was little so you
naturally get some bread here we go
the bench is named Gary wetland pinp
pretty
intense mother clucker people clucker we
got them gourmet this gets at the derp
derp place great go find it
it's about be late i'll get a ball it's
enough tree
laying on the shot I'll be like that yep
Oh for heaven's sakes seriously
to get it right you don't jump right it
going slow
come on jump but please can I have some
more drugs diesels ass is just wagging
in the tree branches 23 all right you
guys that owes that half a box no more
Montemayor supplies we got a lot of time
these are my supplies next day wait I'll
get you one next time not abused them
all
making this game a little interesting
made some friends while she's gonna make
it work I saw get oh good job
you
so those little kids kicked our a hat
and we were going to go home basically
undefeated and then we just saw this
other court completely open and we
figured you know we got to make sure we
have see who actually loses this thing
guys we're gonna do pig instead of horse
really made it in half
you lost that means they give it sucks
those kicking your ass
you
here
I would be the most annoying person now
with this thing
are commuting it up
hey honey
