good morning internet like definitely
really good at five and one right now
Ben's like really I literally jump out
of my freaking bed fully clothed look at
this this is the security love it no no
I don't know if we're gonna get here in
time Security's a little bit tight for
them this is awesome
time to go home that do my lucky thing
Danny you want to demonstrate the lucky
thing you got to do
yeah that's a new one right hand right
foot I would be the most annoying person
that with the same
hey Owen you feeling good we got good
news from the doctor you have no liver
or kidney issues so no we're throwing up
and take your medicine he says no excuse
harmonic doofus hi who's the other
doofus she removed her entire bed
looking like a falcon I am Falcon are
you Falcon she's Falco from Star Fox and
you you know who'd be slipping this one
Marley will be slippy ez'n never playing
starfox 64 highly recommend it and I
think diesel would be the donkey give me
the donkey yes you will have you beat a
big donkey who these are the
slicks Marley right in the face oh it's
good to be home do then huh Ali just
made me aware that this one is now
hurting her leg Marley stop it but
should know I was it's my ear what are
you talking about I wasn't totally not
licking the nails born off hey put the
comb back in your head murder want to be
a lamp pick up those drawers look at
your pooped in your pants I'm gonna go
to bed Yuki coffee
the late eighties early nineties rock
star you do or andrew w andrew WK right
now if you're not to party we must party
hard hang out Callie's been saying the
girls have been really good diesel are
coming out very gonna help with your mom
no 1 i'm going to bed I've got like
three hours of sleep by the way guys did
you see I was like flying right next to
Kylie at Kendall Jenner which alley
which was not as famous one which was a
not fit which one's the not as famous
one Kylie or Kendall did i tell you i
was sitting next to Kendall or Kylie
Jenner I was really cool as for fashion
tips who
he's pretty cool to wear oh I'm just
kidding guys I don't think at all that
was who she was but she got to look like
her they scare you scare me do I go
under there hey shake the dog treat jar
so I'm at kate's we went for a walk did
all that fun stuff we're gonna go ahead
and go paddle boarding now like I said
it's a little bit crappy outside
something too crazy um but I think we'll
manage i thinkwe man I just like such a
like flat day so it's really a perfect
day to actually go paddleboarding char
is sleeping he traveled all night he had
apparently a really really good show and
now he's just worn out so he told me
gone to my own thing and that's what I'm
doing and I'm now I'm visiting my little
quote unquote nephew I know Lincoln come
here come here yeah yeah he doesn't
really like me if you guys can't tell so
when going on a water adventure always
bring tupperware for your phones are you
ready Caitlin all right paddleboarding
here we come
you
and I just woke up that was a beautiful
now someone's always going out look at
she's not in the limping anymore that
awesome she still walks like a idiot
let's do a trick Michael Stewart trick
that was a bad trick come on you want to
go god you suck at this now yeah you did
risk of tiled entrapment make sure you
don't put your baby in the cooler I had
to give a bath because they're all
freaking sneaky by the way Zoe rolled in
poop is that it was Zoe this time I
figured the best way to dry these
clogged these guys off would be to do a
nice little air dry pletely every time
we fly home from a show we fly home so
early that a bird I was ran over a
stupid of and it's good to get home
early but the thing is that we wake up
so early and we go to bed so late like
last night when I said toodles do guys
it was like 330 almost four o'clock in
the morning and we had to get up at five
thirty in the morning to get to the
airport so yesterday's show was actually
my first time ever playing in west
virginia i believe and i gotta say they
definitely know how to bring the party
today was they having this like nice
little trailer and we all like kind of
piled in for our green room and it was
kind of fun because we all got their
habits like nice little community and
usually when we have a show everyone's
got supper green rooms so the band's
don't usually get to interact as much so
we ended up all just hanging out in the
trailer the entire day and you know
everyone was awesome you guys from 303
Huey goody Ryan the entire bands
everyone was really cool we had a lot of
fun just goofing around and stuff is mom
home you offer you know that mom is
gonna go with you home oh do you like
early char so are you doing hey babe
make some noise
yeah oh my god Ben it's every rapper
ever met some noise or you can go like
this Tara thanks ma'am
that's all so we just were walking
around for about 30 minutes couldn't
find anything vegetarian so what do we
do we settle on Mexican food tacos and
burritos and Alice winners wait we look
like Bon Jovi right now I get a Bon Jovi
where's the tonic they need a horn
definitely the morning favorite annoying
thing ever hey beautiful what are you
staring at would you just eat above what
toodles bye guys see you tomorrow
I
Oh
