so we're just killing some time at the
other house while we're waiting for Zoey
to get done which should be only a
couple hours and I'm out here
babysitting a little pucker butt over
here because like that
just because I want to make sure that
alligator doesn't do anything doesn't
come up and creep up doesn't creep and
we're gonna take a little nap on the
futon
because as you can see the bed is no
longer here it is you know back at the
new house you gotta share dude you got
to share two long legs I haven't used
one of these in college since college I
lift it there we go she didn't move
she's like oh you made it bigger for me
thank you
all right now we can take a nap oh now
do you think you can come up time to go
get some Cracker Barrell I think a lot
wasn't my birthday that class of
Christmas my mom got us some gift cards
to Cracker Barrel but we haven't gotten
a chance to really actually go and eat
there but we just picked up this and now
we're waiting for Zoey to get less
drugged up and she's sobering up right
now so we got to pick her up in like an
hour and a half then I go race back home
get all my stuff pack up then race back
to the airport and then race or flies as
they were out racing and then I get to
your breath you get to take a breath
because I I get to stop moving can you
text me how that is I'll let you know
I'm excited
no it could be Jamar D so as you guys
hear my boy
so how did you guys well as you guys
have probably known being on snapchat
everyone is doing the rainbow puking
thing I just want to show you how
ridiculous think it is from behind the
scenes by the way that fall in cali or
myself on snapchat
our names are down there in the
description thank you to follow us she's
the wind she's actually pretty funny at
it wow
see I like snapchat because it's kind of
a gun like that preview for the vlog so
it's kind of like a real-time tie thing
right right it's like more more CTFxC I
love it
everyone look at my girlfriend she's
weird I think the funniest part about
these things is watching people do that
who have no idea what's going on
think glasses goop it up Ali would be
the perfect muppet gonna burn my mouth
battle eyes we're gonna good Zoey right
now we get our nice little bed in the
back no judgments
these are jumping I truly am are like I
will say this with confidence I'm my
biggest fan I can make myself laugh all
the time that's a true happiness of life
right there do you make yourself smile
and laugh you're good she's stoned out
of her mind right now
she's like what's going on so Zoey has
arthritis her damn arthritis is acting
up again Hey look at me all right home
she's so out of it
there you go home
yeah chuckle boom everything seems so
cool her eyes all if you guys can see
your eye
her eyes are dilated as Ali was
yesterday don't forget to bring it down
look at this dawn it's coming it's
coming it's coming it's a weirdo what
and she's up again if he was about to go
down it's like okay I'm up I'm up
chars trying to tell her to lay down and
I was just stating that she can barely
comprehend the fact is if she's a dog or
if she's a bird right now look at the
way she's standing all right so we got
all the dogs in the car
there's always finally asleep plenty in
fact including me we're gonna rush back
to the house I got a good my suitcase my
backpack and rush to the airport it's
gonna be a busy day today
already is a busy day today you gonna
hang out need some rest
love you little dude get some rest and
she just needs sleep just let her sleep
it off there might be a little bit of a
rain delay on our plane
that's crazy I'm off in the distance if
you guys can see the ghost ship I can't
see it that's why they go ship don't
miss me too much so we got step DFL
cooking in the kitchen and melissa is
running away hey guys check this out
Phil show them your new haircut oh man
look at Deborah pepper dandy with the
knife that was crazy yeah a little short
but um I decided to come over here and
they're just gonna cook me a meal while
I said not really it it meal meal
I'm censored meal uncensored ex how do
you do an ex with your fingers ex what
don't touch it your hand yeah don't you
yeah you use like yeah yeah there you go
if you've not seen or heard not seen and
if you have not heard our podcast please
go listen to it as the positive podcast
this is the most a podcast on me
uncensored baby
we decided to play game against Travis
process do you thing else need a back
massage would you like some water maybe
some mints
we were hoping to go out and I can have
it but it's on or do something if
there's even usually makes the noise and
it just doesn't even care who knows they
disconnected because here we're gonna go
you know get some food hang out and do
something but apparently everything says
it's open late but open late is 10 p.m.
you could have I have a bunch of movies
on my computer 69 years old
alright so today was a busy freaking day
just got to the hotel room ordered a
sandwich them a little bed I'm so tired
right now hope you enjoyed today's video
and thank you so much for always loved
and I know she appreciated it I'm gonna
go to bed now
I'll see you guys tomorrow as always
have a good night you love it are you
jealousy you love this look at her
yes they're very well look at you girl
so your football career is now over torn
ACL on everything she can no longer play
soccer or football you guys want to say
good luck with that
Marlee doesn't want to walk anymore
some giant stroller for some reason
I know Oh Marley jumped out Marley stop
now she's pretending to live
we got the dog whisperer over there
