that was an awful way to explain it but
I'm gonna use this today ye Charles look
at these sparkles
Charles Charles come look at my sparkles
fortunately Souter it's not okay she
actually threw up this morning
unfortunately in 2002 I don't think you
sounds good so she's got a little bit of
tummy ache we think it's from the pain
meds that they put on for her knee
tomorrow we're gonna take this pretty
girl in to get some x-rays just to make
sure she's okay before he leaves I was
kind of holding off so she didn't have
to get an x-ray but she's still kind of
been a lot so I think you're probably
good idea to do it yeah before it gets
worse
don't get all that drool I know she's
she's stoned she's a girl I think got
that one passed out we always dodo bird
yeah you I know you yeah best window
lock ever Ali's got to get her eyes
checked today because she's going blind
not a very good comeback you're trying
to find some glasses rally no see those
are like those are weird
you're like readers they say you're like
Cyclops Yeah right and then I follow
biggest hit big but see I'll show you
what I was like I don't know why that
just kind of works with you it with your
bun up in their head like it just it
kind of works as weird as that sounds we
could always find room bad guys thank
you
hdk going for Ali's eyes to dilate with
you so waiting for the annihilation
right now those who do get some trikes
into a trike race let's think about
getting Zoe a little Red Rider and the
red wagon I think this actually might be
a little more comfortable though to be
honest with you this is what you're
gonna look like in a few minutes
this one I'm laughing like a maniacal
child go check your eye not yet
I'm so anxious though I wanna see you
look like a weirdo so yeah oh my god
they're getting bigger did you eat jelly
beans before he left
it's up in there think I got my wiener
and my eyes are getting all fuzzy I
can't see this
very poor
no like when it's not close it's really
blurry really I'm dead serious you
freaking out what their God
right little bit hurt forgot you has
your tie license
you know I could really give you glasses
you don't have to wear these fake ones
New York Fashion Week here I come behind
the snapchat this is good my hair I look
like a friggin nut case I know you hear
something it's like a troll
you have troll hair and the nicest
possible way I have truly here to
everyone don't roll here it is moldable
you can mold your hair without having to
do anything to it mine's the same way
shit
I should have gotten a haircut it's what
it's supposed to do I got to get a
haircut I have to adjust the length
because oh of course baby ears see how
cool you look you're cool my glasses are
falling off my glasses are falling up
like hey you have to hold down your
there I'm broken weird your neck oh and
your name you're like a turtle you can
just like bring your neck in is that
weaker so one two three model
is it kind of ironic that the camera
can't focus on your eyes but if I write
better battery this afar you hold that
for me
and then we cannot be one happy family
with a great big hug really it just
tried great I think when people do that
still walking I feel like I've just been
violated by an eye machine
I've been puffing your eyes that person
once again I'm gonna do like I'm gonna
run up and I swear to God
what you gonna do I'm gonna just like
open the window just honk the horn but
what that make you big and tough and
what is join together let's go and
everyone thinks I'm the embarrassing one
or the weird one that should say that is
the weirdest pair of glasses iversity
I'd literally don't know it's like
they're like trying to sign him oh you
guys remember when this was like the
biggest trend in the world yeah I'm
gonna go snowboarding then I'll freakin
punch a shark in the face and jump off a
cliff guys there's one more to do today
I do have to admit I had a pair just
like that exactly like that almost says
they're awesome out I totally wish I had
this as a kid
captain space Ali Wehbe captain space
it's the type of stuff I wish I had when
I was a kid I had a freaking sailor suit
nothing fits the pants are too short
there's like Ali's new glasses
huge nerd of it walking with dirt I mean
he's like I don't look here bring your
hand up I'm cool your nerve I like him
do you shouldn't keep pushing them up
they don't they need to get adjusted
n-no it's cuz I have a weird for
Domino's
hypocrite tiny house weird tiny ears and
weird tiny mouths no I mean long
I have like really cool features of my
hands like a pterodactyl I have a big
big head so maybe we'll get that like
medium sized merge it together something
but I have a show a couple days
hopefully I'll see you guys there West
Virginia I want to call your buddy Jeff
Goldblum maybe I'll come play with you
do you want to do that huh
probably want some come over go blue
yeah he's such a dick these are you're
such a dick yeah we're gonna get you an
x-ray tomorrow see what's going on with
that leg of yours so it was Jeff
Goldblum watch Jurassic Park what are
you looking at what are you shaking
shaking of it Oh gross that's gross we
got her there I'm like a little wagon oh
my gosh
do you love that are you jealous T you
love this look at her yes dear very well
so look at you girl so your football
career is now over torn ACL and
everything she can no longer play soccer
or football what do you guys want to say
good luck with that Marlee doesn't want
to walk anymore
it's a giant stroller for some diesel I
know
Oh Marlee jumped out Marley stop now
she's pretending the will we got the dog
whisperer over there and because there's
food there
that's where Marley goes well as you can
see I completely screwed up last night
and fell asleep just want to say good
night thank you so much for watching
today's video and we will see you guys
tomorrow
actually I'll see you guys later today
every night doodles bye guys
yeah give me a pop so yeah good yeah
buddy yeah buddy and that my friends is
why I always lock the bathroom door
so after that invasion of privacy back
there I'm going to go ahead I found a
place that has a Nintendo 64
