how're you feeling there you better them
yesterday you way better than yesterday
so earlier this morning I had to drop
off this guy to get his new like ear
treatment I guess you would say
something that they're trying that's a
little bit different that I suppose I
supposed to help a lot with whatever's
going on
and apparently it went really well
supposed to be this like new
I guess the new year medication that
supposed to work wonders so yeah you
seem happier
are you happy I think you're just happy
to be out of this place yeah
you feeling good Zoe she seems like a
happy puppy now are you changing the
thing now we're going from green to blue
get what
diesel hey you how you feeling buddy
so diesel had to go to the vet this
morning because the ears dogs are just
going to the vet
except Marley over there sick Marley got
stitches well I need to get a new ACL
he's like well I need a new year
they don't have Bionic ears yet hey just
a heads up it is about to storm so do
need help bringing this in all right
let's give you a heads up
you paying all that
why are you standing that with you - hey
the primer
back
you look like you could have been like a
model for painting it's like look at me
I'm modeling at that face perfect I do
that face again you're supposed to say
shoofly but don't bother me
hey honey I don't want you to freak out
or anything there is a giant freaking
leaf right here it was about to eat your
face I know I only had three
I'm gonna go film Jack you know
jacksFilms wants me to be in your
grammar sucks he's like the perfect one
I saw it's so perfect so I'm gonna film
the little segment he wants me to do I'm
so stoked because that's like one of my
favorite series all right gotta be this
word oh yeah I filled my office
somewhere
buddy did ya give me your paw Joan oh
yeah good job buddy good job buddy
and that my friends is why I always lock
the bathroom door so after that invasion
of privacy back there I'm going to go
ahead I found a place that has a
Nintendo 64 I can't find mine anyway I
think I might be at the other house and
I bought an old capture card like an
old-school capture card yes when we get
the old valve Gatto because it can
actually work is that like a serial port
and right here I don't if you guys can
see it you guys are basically my my
Google your my Google these really come
up a little bit later and we're gonna do
Goldeneye for another episode me versity
gaming which would be really awesome but
we got to make sure no one is playing
with odd job or if they are they're not
allowed to have the Golden Gun so this
is actually one of my favorite games of
all time like all time see I have pretty
much all these so we're good
we should definitely do a race 64 one
day Oh break it you buy it
I'd be cool with it yeah these are but
the other one thing the really classic
games like over there gold knives for 50
bucks
should we literally buy the worst
console of all time a second dreamcast
Ellie you know many hours I spend on
this game this was probably mine cuz my
product like that after it these old
cartridges childhood we lived Ally just
picked me up from video game store and
I'll taking me out to dinner
but a late lunch I'm sorry whole inner
al inner lunch dinner right al inner you
have paint everywhere been every time I
see Ali I'm always like this
by the way we're still sticking true to
the vegetarian thing although we did
have that hiccup for the hell were we
Anna Seattle answer me this riddle I
don't understand what a pescetarian is I
know what it is but it's like when
you're vegetarian but they're like oh I
ate fish it's like and you're not at it
I don't get it
like why it's fish allowed as a
vegetarian like why is the pescetarian
like why can't you be a chicken
vegetarian instead of you know sub fish
I eat a chicken
next step is going to be organizing this
thing we need like a shelving unit all
right see if this works fingers crossed
all right fingers crossed a that this
works okay I'm hearing nothing I'm
seeing nothing son of a bitch don't know
why it's not doing it through the TV but
it's definitely going through here I
love this game as a kid 3 con grasing so
much a ripoff of mario kart but it works
so awesome
I'm drum stick so I'm having so many
problems with this right now I called
the customer support and now I'm calling
all nerds on Twitter and we're doing a
live periscope and hopefully somebody
will basically be able to help me
because worst part as you can hear it
right here but you can see it here but
there's such a delay you can not play it
otherwise I would just play it through
the stupid computer dude I was looking
for big hurt baseball and they looked at
me like I was an idiot like the game
never existed so as you can see Danny's
over here we're gonna do a little bit me
versity you gaming a little special
edition right over there you like your
little dress all right like busting out
of it you got a little chunky since get
old so did we show you guys who's here I
got him
Danny and I just finished doing another
episode of aversive gaming but it won't
be out tomorrow or today or whatever you
guys watching this video will be out
next week I just want to show you guys
how cubes always being right now yeah
you being good right and here's a little
back story you'll see in the video this
thing almost caught on fire two times
now I feel like I have a headache right
now it's burning plastic mm-hmm
you weren't cheering you're fired as you
can see I'm in a little box I just want
to let you guys know the brand new
episode of me versus you gaming is up
right now it was Ali's first time ever
seeing and playing happy wheels so on
the screen just click here and go check
it out I hope you guys enjoy it it's
hilarious pretty make so many faces and
I will see you guys tomorrow as always
don't forget to subscribe and have a
great night toodles
bye guys do you figure them the first
time is always actually wanting to go
outside
that's weird well chars then taking the
girls to go to vet this little one and I
have such a panic for a city car so we
good legs hurting up so bad so we just
had to make sure that we can get hurt it
feeling better
what are you doing wobble you're trying
to do the Wobble we come in and Marley's
looking Mama's back right foot it was
like completely up like this the entire
time she was doing sympathy pain diesel
on how he couldn't come in
