cool it down every time I get off one of
those things I just feel like when I'm
walking it's kind of like boat legs
where you just kind of want to go like
this all the time you guys have noticed
was always back right leg it's kind of
been a little hobbly I think it's cuz
she's sprained it or heard it kind of
like Tyson you know types and hurt
himself captain Wiggles let's go captain
Wiggles come on
and we can't go without Marley so we
have to bring them both that's why she
has to go even though she doesn't like
it you hate it I know that's very sweet
okay one Zoe load up over here load up
come on leg diesel everyone's up Marla's
always scavenging so we have to actually
bring as don't we to the vet because her
back legs
sorry blows Kindles I've been really
bothering her a lot and it's kind of
been a little bit of a growing concern
for us and last time we were out the
vets you just recommended that we just
bring her to get checked out glasses
everywhere it's too loud it sounds - ow
Oh for god sakes you tell a little
doesn't he guys it would be really nice
as if chart actually put the entire
lesion carpet let's turn you to tissues
over Marly that's not where you belong
Marly yo woman I guess that's one way of
doing it I always think it's so
fascinating when you see
clouds how dark they get compared to the
white ones all of our place looks like
Windows desktop like a wallpaper right
now
looks like a Photoshop that are in there
I'm just waiting for her to figure out
where she's going right now
there's always in diesel those I think
Marly figured out before
how'd you figure it out so quick and
Diesel's figuring out Zoe's the only one
playing dumb say you know I'd like to
think this is not where we're going I
think we're going to the dog park
Marley knows you're hired
well if you figured it out wasn't the
first time he's always actually wanting
to go inside that's weird
well chars then taking the girls to go
to vet this little one and I have said
to Penix sports we're not just sitting
in the car so we could legs hurting her
so bad so we just had to make sure that
we can get her to feeling better so you
doing the wobble you're trying to do the
Wobble
we come in at marlis marlis back right
foot it was like completely up like this
the entire time she was doing sympathy
pain diesel on how he couldn't come in
all right so I do not be jumping though
you might have a broken ACL she pulled a
Travis so pretty over there
we don't schedule it so she starts
feeling really good so what the doctor
thinks though he has right now is a torn
possibly a torn ACL and so give her some
medicine some pain meds and we're gonna
see if that kind of eases a little bit
oh hello let's get scary
be funny though when i walked in i think
at the film it when I walked in one of
the vet technicians was like oh that's a
really bad limp and I'm like yeah she's
been doing a couple days you know it's
why we're here and I turn around its
Marley Marley's back right her foot was
just like up in the air like super limp
mother's trying to be supportive
we aren't right now though you might
have a torn ACL and she's a doofus
nothing too bad and it's nothing too
serious which is really good I was
really really afraid she's gonna have to
have really invasive surgery or
something but she's okay
I think the day that had happened was
the day we were doing the water balloons
I think she got so excited do you guys
remember that day I think she just got
so super excited that maybe she just
pulled something running like gloves
stretching me you didn't stretch that's
what happened was about week I think
about a week or two my mom was attacked
by some jerk dog in the neighborhood and
unfortunately he got Coby five times on
the neck you got right there I think was
underneath there somewhere you do okay
bud this is a second time you got
attacked by a dog what is going on with
you are you provoking these fights do
you guys remember the first one when
Tyson got his mouth ripped open
basically looks like Joker basically
looked like the Joker but he was
protecting my mom from this jerk dog
Coby got attacked then and he just got
attacked again protecting my mom he's a
good boy shake hey you Paul
shall we shake for protecting mom thank
you for protecting okay are you drunk
you look stoned out of your mind right
now but but it's okay
who's driving what are you doing with me
pursue gaming I want to start doing more
retro games that are not unlike the Wii
U console like the Virtual Console
whatever so I want to do like Goldeneye
64 things like that you know starfox 64
the classic but the problem is a I don't
know where mine into those 64 is now on
the move and I need to figure out how
you can capture from old-school game
consoles I know I did a long time ago
I just can't remember what it is I just
want to find my 64 that's one of my
Goldeneye this is what sucks about
moving is everything it's misplaced it
was defined all my freakin awesome games
for 64 southpark game
ken griffey jr. baseball Mario Kart 64
still one of the best Mario karts of all
rush Wow there's so many games today I
want to play what the hell is a super
poor see she's having a really hard time
you see me putting weight on it right
now
I put her medicine in there I was I was
like doing this I want to see if she can
eat around it if she's so hungry she's
just gonna eat it without realizing it
because you're eating like you never had
before
okay I'm gonna be making pizza because
it's the only thing I really know how to
make and I just ran and I just wanna
tell carbs is that really creepy look at
it you could be viewed looks like skin
you know oh god no no don't do that
don't do that why didn't you do it it
was like a couple weeks back I actually
took diesel and to get his ear cultured
because he has terrible allergies and we
have not been able to find something
that will
came back we found out what it was that
or what bacteria is in his ear that's
what he's allergic to that's where his
allergies they're coming from and they
wanted to start me off with a
prescription that was supposed to work
and I guess 90% of the time it does work
well of course with my dog it doesn't
work so tomorrow I have to take him in
really really early in the morning and
they're going to try another medicine on
him hopefully it works because I just
feel so terrible these ears just like
constantly irritating him and then okay
so seriously after having this for how
long you're now building it yeah so that
you're building this because this has
just been sitting on our beautiful table
for like four weeks I don't know where
this Charles
I think you're gonna cry I coulda sworn
it was in like this right here that's a
PlayStation 1 I don't want to tell you
what that looks like I want you to know
what that looks like yoga and body parts
very vocal Holger jar sorry I just put a
hiccup there actually it was like a
reverse but don't fire Oh No
the water right there nope oh you gotta
at least warn me everyone is kind of
chilling right now I started editing for
the gaming video and I'm falling asleep
hope you guys enjoyed today's video I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
please don't forget to subscribe have a
good night
doodles bye guys
yeah crate give me an example how far
these things lean back alleys meetings
over these right now you're eating dirty
I mean I'm full of puns all day today
I'm so funny
he's so lucky to be dating that's such a
funny funny person
agreeable see how that stops
I've shown Ally the difference between
digital and optical serums they have no
idea where it is right now right up my
nose on an optical
