you make it so difficult for me to be
chivalrous rightist are always watching
you noticed that
every time I try to open the door for
you this locked so I'm always like I'm
always like this but this car is a
double double bowl she has to go like
this and then the door unlocks hello
guys so we are getting a kid present for
app right we're buying a gift for my
friends one year old kid person the kid
present it's a one year old oh my god
this is perfect it's just a stick you
get him a bucket if the shirt was bigger
i would get it for Travis what's forties
that toddler so we need one that's cute
12 months is a year yeah I know but you
want to get it just a little bit bigger
because those things grow babies car yes
yes that he's grow it is bigger how fast
did these things grow I know it's a baby
guys understand because it's funny to me
by the way if you guys didn't see
yesterday's video the drone flew away
from me and I spent all day looking for
it and monday what I want to do is I'm
going to contact them I've already been
contacted via email but I don't think
it's actually the full staff and I think
because of what happened they might help
us out which would be freaking awesome
is it is really good I just love fun ok
see our kids gonna have chuck's all the
time oh my god that is awesome I pics
later Mickey I want this as a man I just
walked through the baby diaper aisle if
you go to the men's section see if it
has a shirt I never really diapers are
funny they have sport edition cruisers
luxury the car the cars forget house you
should get a really funny card saying
like over the hill or something like
that well you kids going to be able to
read it so it's more for the family and
parents like happy 80th birthday
like where's your hair band or something
like that I going bald I think that'd be
funny I like this is very Batman II he's
one but that does that mean anything oh
cuz this is scarier than that that's
frightening that is frightening you know
it's more frightening that's more
frightening to me they're not that cool
looking who agrees the new Ninja Turtles
frightening absolutely terrifying so we
just found out the birthday party's over
I know totally showing up late the
morgue so we thought we just kind of
like venture around the city we don't
usually get around of doing that I know
this party super lame but I love going
to places like that and seeing random
cool things like a freaking horse alley
all i get this i think i like that those
right there i know i like this what
could we spell I really want to spell
something I like in the game room okay
miiverse you all right getting there I
don't need a why we're really struggling
on these aren't we there we go what are
you thinking in that yeah wait aside
from Ali's big but we're getting more
and more creative for your sake but i
think i would get that see and i would
give that to you it looks like Tropicana
they have chili dogs and cheese dogs and
nacho cheese and soda for a dollar do
you see that man smoochy I've never seen
a chili dog for color I get it she's
magic we were blogging with this or this
or even these I feel like I remember
playing with one of these as a kid how
did you feel this feel this it's crazy
isn't it she's crazy that's literally a
brick I saw that this is remember where
I was talking about Charles proof camera
this would be it do you not see what's
wrong with this poor little panda he
looks high and he's got a stupid bee on
his face and no one's helping them nori
said guys the election to that stage in
our life now just this is beyond home
depot status we were now and peaking on
a sunday new stage I thought home people
was rad neck neck you know what are we
doing is yard sales on Saturday yard
sales on Saturdays and keeping on sunday
either when i get or I want to build a
ship in a bottle think we need a new
stove that's me I just turned the gas on
we just a vintage fun right
I ladies at our physics born okay I i
lost my gold bag good cuz i lost my lord
the gourds I got it I feel like you're
not appreciated what I will say I'm not
gonna humor me for the whole thing is a
phone yeah give a ring hello well you
can't go very operator can I have the
Johnsons I always like this one sounds
like the rotary phones perfect our bed
when we have kids faces squeaky right
yeah crate give me an example how far
these things lean back alleys eating
dirty right now you're eating dirty it
make sense I'm full of puns all day
today I'm so funny you're so lucky to be
dating it's such a funny funny person
too agreeable see how thick stops
see
I've shown Ali the difference between
digital and optical zoom so I have no
idea where it is right now body up my
nose on an optical zoom good visual
that puts up an injury
give you permission to be fun
remark of adulthood instead of your
parents scheduling your doctors as
women's you just avoid going and go
Beatles god there's a game going on and
is on a cell phone instagram
ketchup I'm Instagram or QR catch you
are coding right now instagramming o Qi
catch up are you doing nope do not come
back down here's the staff day down so
we're trying a couple ideas I'll i came
up with this idea so II went on two
buddies all in the wall maybe he's
making a Shelby not in from the bottom
that were here
they want this hello Internet oh shoot
we will be no more on IMVU shopping
don't try another cactus who should get
you one of those flytrap ones that way
you don't have to feed it we just let
the Flies Julie you guys remember the
infestation while the Roses run the
house all those freaking flies were
everywhere that's when we should have
gotten one of those things it would have
been huge it would have been like for
that movie inside play with Rick Moranis
yes I'm talking about seymour feed me
Seymour I'm telling me that you guys can
make fun of it you know something is
drunk there there's nobody nobody cares
and then for a chance you're like we
could be unbusy are you sure he's why
don't dance guys I'm never dancing again
nearer first i blue myself please tell
me you guys know what TV show that's
from josh rules help me give me an ow
mojo diesel wait honey come on you're
supposed to fall off what'd she do what
about your vices it's so pathetic
watching anyone on that thing on the
carpet if you would have told me a long
time ago that when I grew up and I had
my own house that I would have not one
but two of these things and I say
probably was gonna say you're well right
got an injury on the set and then Ali's
playing back in the back anyway guys
thank you so much for watching today's
video please don't forget to click that
little subscribe button if you guys are
brand new don't forget to check out the
random deleted bonus clip down there in
description I will see you guys tomorrow
zorz have a great night doodles I guess
I'm checking the flight record you see
if they can trace it I'm not giving up
on this thing
I am NOT giving up on this because this
is not my fault this is a fly away I
feel like
the whole situation fly away from
ethically the top I did get away so I
guess I see the irony
now
I was running from the police helicopter
I don't
fail to tell you that do you think they
shot it maybe maybe I think our
neighbors brought it down would it be
the Red Rider BB just shot it down
Christmas Story style yeah when you're
having a bad day
