scary
good morning internet kind of a little
beard thank God about the freaking back
in the air
what do you think should i believe like
this work that friend sorry I had to
road-tripping got my Starbucks got some
mouth old school Silverstein uh here's
the best part about this whole little
road trip guys is the fact that I right
now I'm sitting in this like it doesn't
look like extreme do you guys but I'm
literally going maybe 10 miles per hour
and I'm sitting in a whole crapload of
traffic
are we got out of them better tell all
right nothing money we're gonna lead you
get that stinks you guys are gonna get a
spot for a break down
so this is what it's like you chased by
the cops
 brick road hang on guys me
it's expo there's 70 I'm going to go in
and do a little research I guess who
would say endeavors going to work
you
nope like I said right now about here
looking for stuff or not only for char
but for another purpose that work
and unfortunately one of the things like
which is the downfall but oh well things
happen but it's kind of cool i'm running
into like a lot of old friends a lot of
people of days to work with back on
today
cool check that out guys and this
awesome by excellent has so many
different booths here is so many
different things than I to Devon just
made us do a photoshoot on this this is
embarrassing yeah it was awesome it was
a very sexy photo shoot very sexy
photoshoot times are a-changin chill I
didn't know that at least you don't have
a self escape so I feel like you might
hit somebody in the eye so like be like
awkwardly discreet with it so I just
kind of like hold it like this nobody
ever knows just straight away guys get
away
we're good idea on the shrubs
hi dear defender
it's over and this is like a breakdown
process of
certified so basically they don't you
been we for it to be completely over
before the surfer keep living
this really look closer
I know this incredibly cheesy
I wishing sugar
it's scary things on perfecto is done
and over with it's very fun I'm tired i
just got brain Don I actually just ran
into a CTFxC Eric who it was like
roughly my age and he basically built
and sets up all of the booths that they
have at Expo and it's an incredibly
tough job like I I applaud him nobody
there's a group of people no one noticed
that there's a drone flying let the dog
was like oh I like 30 miles an hour
it only feels right that I go and I see
trav and Jenny which char was with me
but I'm going to go and stop by their
house and say hello and go see Jenny
because I am NOT seniors and two little
baby bump has popped and it'll just be
really nice to catch up with him so
that's what i've been doing that I'm
going to have a lumen surprise try and
get them a little bit early alright so
now the tables have turned stupid cop
helicopter has gone off and done its own
thing that it will find it hey Charles
it's funny that your girlfriend Allie's
here right now and I look around the
room and I just don't see you okay wait
that's not you is it is that true no
that's not Charles hmm you got to be
your summer Charles oh you just didn't
show up at your best friend's house
welcoming party rude yeah we miss you
just keep painting your stairs or
whatever you're doing that is so much
more important than all these awesome
people including your own girlfriend I
know did you by chance see a helicopter
or anything like that like a quadcopter
around the area they go to this quad
quad copters now okay great washed one
yeah just flew away and it says it's
like in this area it's so awesome like
I'm at this age now where all my friends
are getting married and they're having
kids and kind of makes me wonder
sometimes but it's just so awesome to
see everyone around me who is so happy
and so in love and turning their family
I just I feel so lucky to know these
people I just love you Jenny and trav
you guys are awesome
see that's where it says it is I already
looked through that person's entire yard
sir a lot of said like right now so I
was just telling them that you know the
Phantom flew away using it by the way
I'm very careful if you have that follow
me application or thing on the Phantom
it's not as reliable as a one would hope
luckily the Phantom was record up for
some reason I don't know why turned it
on the cash it on my phone so luckily I
had that footage if I didn't do that
would have lost the Phantom and with a
loss of footage but luckily I thought a
couple steps ahead because this is kind
of happened before hey watch it world's
worst bumper cars so I'm checking the
flight record to see if I can trace it
I'm not giving up on this thing I am NOT
giving up on this because this is not my
fault this was a fly away I feel like so
 stressed out
I guess I see the irony of the whole
situation was trying to fly away from it
like with the top I did get away so I
guess I see the irony in this situation
for now I was running from the police
have a cop I don't I don't remember girl
to tell you that yeah do you think they
shot it down maybe maybe I think our
neighborhood shot it down
the Red Rider BB just shot it down
Christmas Story style yeah when you're
having a bad day Pizza always makes it
better even a calzone pull him in a lot
with cows down there Ali's coming home
early give her a nice little surprise oh
yeah she's gonna get that one
home all right we'll get home we get a
pumpkin cake right to the p.o we're
driving around see if we get some signal
no signal trying everything hey yo do
you do boy oh whoa do you love your
presence to expel you look look at the
cameras in a ding engine zoo you you do
soup you she really drawn thank you
maybe if you didn't do stupidest the gym
he would never know it was sleep maybe
this is a sin what do you can hang up
maybe this is the son that all
technological things all things better
yep yes want to see my face when the
iphone 6 came out oh I feel look you're
starting to smile I see it don't you
think hang on how did you feel when the
new Apple TV came out I just feel when
you lost your drum how does field feel
stupid cuz you lost your drone can you
go back to her
no no reason no reason no reason at all
that dough but Ali's gone and I'm
tagging along with my sister and still
on their dates I'm a third wheel right
now yeah
those boys are gonna
tango Down dun dun dun you know it's
very funny coming off it just actually
went to the spy museum was like three
four days ago how they did not have any
of that crap
