traveling because she wasn't paying
attention a little dog where'd you go
how'd you sneak out there think it's
looking pretty awesome right now with
the light on you can't really see the
gradual face on the kind of life you
know why people see it a little bit
better you can see the gradual fade of
blue delight blue freaking love it it's
so simple so awesome so the stairs are
pretty much as you can see done except
the little pieces like the OC Venus
right there as you can see that there's
little pieces that look like veins that
I'm trying to fix right now I shouldn't
even told you guys you remove alone oh
so mr. oh that you spit on the floor
well and I are spraying some extra time
right now because when you leave couple
hours yeah she's leaving a couple hours
to go to the surf expo you miss me yeah
yeah come on hit the belt nope the other
sides of Belle nope the other side
here's a wide shot you can see the
colors and changing a little bit more I
think it came out awesome now we get to
remove all the tape and not screw it up
we pulled up all the tape now the
problem is because their paint I guess I
don't know there's like little spots you
know where the tape was they got pulled
off I have to go right now with a fine
fine bristle paint brush right now and
just fix all the little areas it'll be
worth it in the end Danny called
he's like Oh dad vote for haha he's
using my like my small very it's got a
bris contractions yeah 3 literally
there's like three brussels on there you
guys can see it but it's pretty awesome
they're gonna be good for me right if
you would look like cities yeah puppy
put him in the nurse oh don't do that he
looks really scared it's okay no honey
you might know he's like I just want to
see it down can you please send me down
carried we know Marley all right before
mom leaves shooter with your farts
thanks honey okay sorry I didn't want to
get it in or nautical
some of your help for blood are you
leaving me yeah i was going to orlando
for a little bit to do some research for
some awesome new merchandise that's
coming out soon guys Ali's on a plan I'm
gonna I'm gonna do my HDTV over here
Ali's on a plan Ali's on the planet I
don't know Alan Helen Klan rally has a
plan and I'm gonna finish my HDTV okay
yeah he's on a roll chronic your song
I'm in general good oh you're stuck with
me diesel I know I say by your mom say
by your mom know
just now realizing that I've had the
painting for my favs like this and I've
been wondering why I felt like I was
seeing little pink elephants everywhere
you see that one whoops whoops you know
I just realized with his house how many
months now and I'm not yet got a slinky
to roll down the stairs that's
blasphemous that's why she getting today
it's a freaking slinky golf car ride you
don't hit the wall on that one come on
hobbles listen Phil and I are gonna go
watch mission impossible 5 later so I
figured you know I'll take the dogs out
for a little ride ride my log in my golf
club reveal my bitches beside me and the
meal
don't really know the rest of the song
so I will just not do it along get
better with my rhymes a little bit
better so like I said earlier Ali is
actually going to a surf expo in orlando
florida and i didn't really want to go
to that i didn't i been to expose before
to me they're kind of boring so Ali's
gonna go do some research like I said so
hopefully the mission successful when
she gets out there the next couple days
is my job to keep these three healthy
we're on just dip to potentially put the
basketball completely
going for the dog wait it actually is a
ball game so hard safety first and
teamwork no they made it and we're done
car is not my like car was not in part
thank you guys everyone else for
listening obeying the rules of life Janu
Carter fell inside a turtle well in bird
poop hey that's a that's a beat it's a
beanie baby the bowl one right that's
just their they're planning right now
what do you guys know about beanie baby
so much no no reason no reason no reason
at all their fill but Ali's gone and i'm
tagging along with my sister and Phil on
their date i'm a third wheel right now
yeah wheels are dangerous charles those
those flip a lot more yes don't turn and
where is this even it
tango Down duh duh duh duh you know it's
really funny coming off we actually went
to the spy museum was like three four
days ago how they did not have any of
that crap none of that aside maybe they
do just don't know you enjoyed the movie
really fun I just loved those like
cheesy tricky movies you know I mean
there's like super cheese but they're
super entertainment like Michael Bay
movies freaking love Michael Bay movie I
know there's no substance to any of
those things I know they're super lame
and there's a pink car right here that
is a pink car sorry atd crowd to
she's little princess it was kind of
funny I embarrassed him guys Charlie
tonight I get really excited telling
Charlie about Melissa was vlogging the
guys like oh you're vlogging Mandela
said she's just talking about my stuff I
was like yeah like you know oh yeah this
is charles trippy I'm proud of you Oh
out of all these milk crates which one
do you think I got
graham the most delicious shake I've
ever had the watermelon shake zippering
voices yard
now yo yo ya there yeah you can't do it
on dirty you're out of here I'm not here
don't you brewing that bin yessir oh
thanks that for chocolate I could go of
my eyes where I don't see it I don't see
it anywhere your first SMS CTFxC channel
chef oh that's a good one ok now we'll
leave that the beignet my fear was Ava's
all stemming from his where I was little
whistles like just like that with an
elephant ear I was like what I see
something cool
I did do that don't think I actually
mentioned this the other day when we
were dead home depot we're getting all
the paint awesome awesome super nice guy
gave us his military discount to use on
our paint and I was just like thinking
like paid forward paid forward there was
a guy rest we were eating our ice cream
he wanted some money for the bus but
we'd never have cash on me ever so I
offered to buy him an uber and just have
him take him where it needs to go he was
like hold on I go get a cigarette and
I'm like okay and the car is coming from
and we're like where'd it go they just
like bale pookie just it was just like
this as he came in out when you guys
this is don't let that deter you guys
always pay it forward always pay forward
paid for it and look at this seat Phil's
paying it forward cuz he's driving me
around that's right when I cut people
off in traffic I was like she was hire
you as my uber driver yeah why don't we
think of that I hope you enjoyed today's
video please click that like button if
you enjoyed it actually before you guys
go I can't make a decision you guys
think I should shave my beer to leave it
you guys decide and don't forget to
subscribe if you guys are brand new and
I will see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night oodles bye guys
I
ok
Sigma 3 by 8 12
