good morning guys so today you guys
ready ready to put your freaking boobie
star hats on remember yesterday I told
you that we were doing something pretty
cool filming for a company so today we
were asked to film with PETA look at all
the clothes are gone Oliver just moved
here
they're right there yeah so Marley
you're part of the family but you got to
stop eating cat food seriously I'm gonna
kick you right now so Peter can't see me
kicking you like that's his game and
we're gonna be filming with them and
have all the dogs in a nice little video
actually I don't know what the video is
for but I mean we love animals so we're
really honored to be a part of this
whole situation
by the way fun little side facts I don't
even know if Ally knows this ally did
you know we the kings
a couple years ago was voted most
animal-friendly banned by PETA I think
that was like a few years ago actually
maybe a couple years ago this is my
second time doing this with them so I'm
pretty excited
Rikka you ready for your movie star
debut look at the tail what are you
doing bud
is this in a plant yeah I was until he
started digging everything out he's on
the hunt so I can't show you guys
exactly what's going on or tell you
exactly what's going on Erica right yeah
is Erica she she playing soccer really
awesome do you do professional okay so
that US UF is that what you said there
we go she's doing something with us
Heather Alex right and wouldn't you
don't know when this is gonna be out
there right okay so you have to wait and
I'll tell you guys when it's out but
we're gonna do this interview Erica's
gonna do some awesome soccer two biggest
tricks right or just be awesome
just be awesome I'm not gonna show you
guys that you have to wait so like I
said guys I can't really tell you
exactly what's going on it's kind of a
surprise but Eric over there is doing
some pretty cool tricks over there she
plays for like Salt Lake City I think or
something like that
here's a fun little fact we were just
talking she's from Lakewood Ranch that's
where I'm from so she knew we the Kings
cuz Bradenton homeboys small world like
that it's always kind of fun look I see
I could totally do that just don't want
to right now maybe later a little tired
diesel in the tree again yeah jerk you
are gonna be the one knocking it down do
you think no sir you know what it is we
got to put anything that looks like a
toy hi anything that looks like this
needs to go higher because I know I know
I know but we got to move it higher
because look at him he's spaz that he's
gonna literally jump up on the tree now
I can't believe honestly if this guy
this girl's good okay so obviously it's
holiday seasons so that means everyone's
trying to get gifts for everyone you
know no joke this is a site I've been
using for years upon years so it's
called retailmenot.com I just want to
say thank you to RetailMeNot for
sponsoring this video and what I'm about
to say to you guys something that's new
that they have it's called cashback
offers if you're looking for stuff that
says all the source Apple s5 Macy's
JCPenney all these sites that you're
probably trying to find stuff to you
know purchase you know sweaters shirts
whatever you get the idea whatever
you're trying to find I would go here
first search for the store then come
back and get your code activate cashback
if that's available go spend the money
get your cash back get your deal and
save money for the holidays I'm gonna
walk you through this door to
retailmenot.com let's just go to Macy's
like I was talking about so you can see
all these deals up to $30.00 cashback
70% off and this is what I was talking
about the whole cashback thing if you
click that it's gonna bring you this
little page all you got to do is go to
Macy's shop no code needed just spend at
least $50 on purchases check your email
and that would be available in like 15
to 30 days for verification so let me
give you another example this is to Best
Buy because you guys know I love that
story literally I'm not even kidding
this isn't part of the sponsorship I
genuinely just use this for buying my
sister her Christmas present and my
parents I honestly think this is the one
I used for it click that
show coupon code and copy the code and
on checkout you could just you know
apply that code
there's your cashback so you can get
cash back you can activate that as well
then you could double save because you
can combine all these savings with the
cashback thing I just like kind of
showing you guys things like this that
just naturally fit in my life and I feel
actually apply to yours I'm not even
kidding I said this earlier I've been
using this site for years upon years
this is like a one-stop shop for savings
if you will we're gonna do a little like
and giveaway they're gonna give away
$200 to one of you guys go to
retailmenot.com I'll put a link in the
description search for a deal like your
favorite store go to Apple go to Best
Buy go to Macy's I told you all that
search any store that you think that you
might want find the deal come back to
this video in the comments tell me what
deal you're excited for and what you're
gonna get and then they're gonna pick
one of you guys and give you $200 so
they asked me if I thought you guys
might be interested I said maybe
then you can use that on the site to get
more savings and get somebody an awesome
present RetailMeNot thank you so much
for sponsoring this and allowing me to
run a contest to where one of you guys
can get $200 I think that's freaking
awesome diesel is now discovering his
boom who thinks it's a toy that is not a
toy buddy here I'll just lift it up this
is not yours see this is what I was
talking about it'd be a fun game for him
that's why I'm not gonna let it happen
yeah I know actually never seen him do
it
so you're right we have rapped on
today's filming situation it was a lot
of fun I gotta say thank you to these
two it's definitely
I know look at poor Zoe she's just like
tormented come on so get it oh those are
we go Toby's go go she won't ever do it
never did breaky what should we like
this
but it's somebody we have this thing up
here and she'll chase that it's like
twirls around to chase it forever so we
have to say thank you because we just
finally finished Heather do you have any
like social media outlets that you want
to throw out there of course and what
about you would you like to know I know
exactly well we just had an awesome day
of filming together with them dogs were
definitely the highlight so yes I know
can you only imagine if we filmed with
that that would be nice there's a great
day we had to say thank you to them
again and to PETA to and it was just
it's wonderful
okay so we just got done doing this an
amazing cause I also got some awesome
news first off amazing news in the
community that serial killer Ali was
talking about was finally caught they
finally got the guy so that's an amazing
amazing news for the yeah a horrible
situation I cannot believe that guy did
that to those people and I'm just so
happy that they caught him because
Seminole Heights
it was Seminole Heights right they were
on lockdown them terrified everyone was
terrified right
like I can't imagine living in that area
and having to like well beyond the end
of your seat every single day right I
think it's like walking our dog sick
being terrified to walk your dog to go
to the bathroom and then Alex the guy
who was doing all of the videography for
the PETA campaign the PETA to campaign
which is amazing I'm so happy we got to
do that with the dogs
he's from Tampa so he was the one that
told us he was in that area so first off
I just want to address that and then
second off most amazing news I could
ever have for myself personally the
house sold the house is finally sold
take it throwing with them don't even
know I'm happy for you I mean the house
is good I'm happy that this is like it's
been the most stressful two years it's
been on the market for like two years we
bought this house in 2015 I want to say
burden but the the weight on my
shoulders is finally lifted and I feel
so much better it was like okay so this
doing the pinna thing and I was like oh
this is cool this is really exciting I
was having a good day then that news
came and I was like oh my god seriously
like it just kept getting better and
better better and I were talking about
just like the good memories of each
other and the good memories I had when I
was with famine and memories before and
I think that it's just such a
bittersweet thing that's such a magical
yeah like I just said it is I'll be
completely honest as much as I am
excited that this happened in this
weight is lifted I am bummed I'll be
completely honest because like I said I
have so many memories in there luckily
all of this been documented from the day
I bought the house to the day we sold it
all those memories are forever
there online I could always go look yeah
exactly that I just wanted to say that
I'm just so excited I haven't got to do
any exercising storm I'm really like I
don't know if you guys can tell I'm like
a dog with that able to run so I'm gonna
take the dogs this week
dogs on the golf that golf cart the what
we're going to call that via the doggy
trailer caboose the pup caboose I like
that you guys want to go in the pup
caboose
you guys wanna go for a bike ride
Kaitlyn Tom my mom all crushed this yeah
crushed it your mom is like so good you
know she just like it was such a
beautiful joint effort between the two
though yeah it was like my mom she kind
of like set it up my mom kind of just
like set actually Katie Tom just kind of
like set it up and then my mom she's a
very personal book person so she can
just talk people into anything she's a
good saleswoman I have to give her that
I feel like this yeah I mean that's I
think I want to say that's where I get
my negotiation skills Tom and Kate
crushed it with their their contacts and
their the business end as well so I got
I said between my mom Tom and Kate
crushed it and I can't I couldn't be in
happier we're gonna celebrate tonight
we're gonna meet up with everyone get
some pizza I've been dying for some
pizza maybe have maybe you'll have a
drink huh oh yeah it's been a long time
I mean though you guys know I have this
I might have a margarita that might be
as something I should probably do okay
guys let's go for a bite guard come on
we're at the golf cart we're going to
this Cup in pop in there you go he's got
to be a better way of doing this Marley
come on guys ready so get a nice little
ride of course you guys know my favorite
thing to do when the dogs are totally
styling because they're riding dirty
they see me rollin they gonna catch me
ridin dirty so since it's been such a
freakin awesome day and we're
celebrating so we're gonna meet up with
Melissa and her boyfriend well we always
come to this place this is my favorite
place in the world
what what like my healthy habits Oh cuz
like I was like what you live in your
but your trash can get it good pooper
can yes so this is my celebration pizza
yeah Thank You Melissa
she's a striking soul of I'll be honest
guys I really wish we did more dramatic
I guess colors but right here I don't
know if you guys notice if you're brand
new to these videos how it gradually
fades up honestly today it's been such
an amazing exciting day so much has
happened I'm so excited about the
outcome of today if that makes any sense
so many cool things happened I just want
to say thank you so much for watching
today's video please have a great day
check out everything in the description
and I will see you tomorrow bye guys see
ya
