good morning good job
so even get up
you're the biggest whip out of every
woman yeah I got you
Marley's trapped
you can't that's what happens you go
under there for treats and you get
trapped no problems no that's the camera
actually how about yeah I hope yeah okay
gotta find a little tiny hole come on
he's gonna kill me
these are brand new clean sheets you
really got yourself really trapped there
you go you're free you're free
well alleys away the mice can play right
yeah cuz alley cat get it I totally knew
what I was saying today my goal this
weekend is to get this in studio form my
mom brought up a bunch of these things
that we had all the merch on and my goal
is to get it in here don't know if
that's gonna work but I have faith in
myself I'm just gonna go ahead and go
meet up with my mom I have to meet up
with Melissa because I have to do the
podcast with her tonight we have to go
pick up paint cuz Charny are gonna start
really like decorating our house because
we've been kind of procrastinating on it
we wanted to get it to a point where it
was really comfortable and now I think
we want to start making it well you know
our home which i think is going to be a
never-ending process regardless tomorrow
I had
town because I have to go do a little
research for a few things specifically a
project that I've been working on also
something that Charles and I have been
working on together
that's another separate project got one
in there I was really worried because
they have the stupid thing in here it's
like why didn't they just finish the
frickin closet that's one thing I was
kind of bummed about this house I feel
like I kind of made do with I don't want
to say half-assing but making do though
just do the other one over there get in
there little by little I'm getting there
I got to put this stuff away I'm sorry
sometimes like I seem a little weird
when I talk to the camera when I'm like
out in public I still get nervous
because I feel a little weird I'm
getting used to it I know it's been a
really long time I should probably be
used to it by now especially since my
boyfriend does it everywhere that we go
but I still get a little bit nervous and
I even still get a little nervous like
showing my friends and my family in it
I'm sorry that you guys don't get to see
a lot of that well a large portion of
that part of my life I'm working on it
I'm definitely working on it it's just
still it's that whole like not caring
what other people think and I want to
say I don't
it's strange like I actually really
don't care that much about what people
think it's just I think the whole idea
of just talking to a camera comes off
like I'm a crazy person so that's not
the truth we know that's not the truth
if that was the Jews that would mean my
boyfriend's kind of crazy
that's right now we're doing the podcast
and I'm actually filming you guys can't
see it on the podcast with you guys over
here you can see we're gonna go back to
the podcast but this if you think about
it our radius is something the girls
gonna wear forever and we're gonna pin
it everywhere yeah make sure that you
know what the girl won yeah it's not
running hang out for a little bit so I
just spent a bunch of time looking at a
bunch of photos you guys have posted
from playlist this is something that
heard a long time ago some of you very
close to me said to me what they said to
me a long time ago was those who doubt
you will only make you stronger
honestly that has been like a striving
force cuz you know a long time ago when
I started YouTube nobody knew what I was
doing everyone thought I was wasting my
time was this stupid but I believed in
my heart what I was doing was something
awesome and I was gonna turn into
something and I loved it so much and you
know I was like screw the doubters you
know I'm still gonna do it and thank God
I did because in this world life is too
short to be a doubter to be negative I
hope anyone in this world I hope you
guys you know hope anyone that that
person that I met all those people that
doubted were or became more open-minded
to their own dreams and that way they
didn't miss something that they were to
truly love because I feel like that
would be the ultimate ultimate loss
because they are or were so close-minded
that they passed up on something they
loved because they just simply doubted
it yeah I know right
the only reason why I'm bringing this up
right now is because I got a bunch of
photos from playlist and I was looking
at the crowd I was just looking how much
fun everyone was having fun on your
faces front of my faces front of my
friends faces and it just really kind of
reminded me about how if I would have
listened to some people this may have
never ever happened and that in itself
just scares the crap out of me because
if I had a weak moment and listen to
these people right
then I get goosebumps every time I think
about stuff like that I always get
goosebumps you know I know you guys
watch the videos you guys have fun just
entertainment but I also want you guys
to know and remind yourself that if you
have dreams please don't listen everyone
was telling you that they can't happen
be a fucking dragon right like how I
worked out right back around be a
fucking dragon alright that's it bottom
line be what you want do what you want
see what you want say what you want love
what you want just be you okay
I gotta give it to me I get one every
once a while it sounded kind of smart
not like I have my brain poked twice and
the brother over there and they're
discussing you know
oh dear one oh my gosh everyone has
great conversation we're gonna break it
up I thought we'd spice it up and get a
real pretty lotion no that's okay for
board I'm really really bored and we'll
try this one more time because they're
really suck and now you walk in now and
I'm losing my mind so in your boards
hours you can always think of something
so I got an idea
I'm gonna take the GoPro and mount it on
here and see what it looks like I
haven't done that yet it might be
actually kind of cool
those like your just pacing in the
backyard
you know faster go the other way okay
I'm gonna get the water balloons and you
got it
now that I obviously didn't kill Ali
we're off to try get some paper but just
honestly it's terrifying just because
you're not in control and you're falling
backwards I just like all I could think
he was my head's gonna smash in this
tile yeah I gotta show you the clips
let's go back again how fast I was going
Shh hey open up so I could be chivalrous
I'm trying to be a gentleman over here
there you go there you go my queen my
queen all right so what we want is we
want a solid darker color and we want to
fade it to a lighter color we've got to
figure out what colors what a purple
that's a really important thing
we're very bold people baby I don't know
I really never use this ladder for the
following well it doesn't say for
filming so I guess I can go do that it
doesn't say for filming I made sure to
look it didn't say it I think it was
okay now I saw some Pinterest I think
the other day I immediately thought it
was the coolest idea and was on board
immediately so we'll do like three or
four colors up so it fades up like is it
gradient I think it's a gradient it
screams Ali and myself because we're
definitely weird and unique so I think
that would be something very unique to
put in the house got the dogs outlawed
Pizza break before we even start because
that's how we roll
I turn around for three seconds and look
what she's doing painting the freaking
stairs
she's going ham crazy yeah I don't know
why it's called they couldn't if want
you want Barracuda right now
hope you enjoyed today's video as you
can see it's looking pretty snazzy
I'll show you guys tomorrow it's freakin
completely dry but you can see the slow
gradual change of color
it's the subtleties if you enjoyed
today's video make sure to click that
little like button so that way I know so
that that's it's a communication thing
guys and don't forget to subscribe you
guys are brand new and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always ever goodnight
dude yes
you
