all right I'm gonna come around
come here i and you
night buddy you're gonna have to do that
see there you go
it's Edgar Allen crow dying this Breslow
good let it go let it go hey hey oh look
it's the new storm trooper what do you
guys think do you think the new storm
troopers are cool or was lame
it's not like it's screwed up like the
Ninja Turtles wavy the new Ninja Turtles
are just freaking evil looking do you
like the new storm troopers of the old
one so you ever knew that was it you
know how we always talk about like how
they played basketball on high school
she claims she's a better be ball player
than me so what we're gonna do is we're
gonna have the little bball off not fair
you have freaking pterodactyl arms oh
thank you I'm gonna give my headband to
my wrist bands I gotta get all into this
bed that looks fun and terrifying you
terrified applause you entire life
you're terrified and tweeting the whole
time that's a social media baby this
one's crazy so terrifying kids of koalas
let's go play some b-ball to it I'm I'm
a street art history jerk you don't
remember street sharks no they're like
big muscular and there was three trucks
it was or a game or something like that
I have no idea what I don't notice
creature guys they feel you just made
that up
that's real sharks are you ready for
goop sweets and utter domination and I
couldn't win I'm going to totally win
jars like maybe if I get a really cool
outfit I'll be really really good at
basketball because that's all it takes
sorry it's like that's how a cheerleader
becomes really good is that when they
put on their outfit so Al and I have
been literally driving around for 20
minutes trying to find a basketball hoop
he's gone to like
six or seven different places that I
know that high basketball courts and
they all have it hardcore games so to
have them do a half court for our stupid
asses goofing around I don't think
they're being disrespectful so we're
gonna try two more places basically this
alley postponing her your loss it's so
convenient that everything is completely
full right guys
another locks one wait wait wait I think
this one is gonna be available I really
had a heart my heart feels good my
heartstrings get balled yeah
tennis anyone to come see nobody wants
to play tennis like there's tennis the
tennis they field courts oh my god we
should wear a cabal
all right we're switching over plans got
some tennis rackets this is gonna be the
even match right now
although Ally is a complete shark when
it comes to ping-pong all right so we're
gonna get this definitely documented we
got a camera in the sky we got cameras
on head
I got back with the best angle ever
it was like a complete with
but if you want outside so why does it
have to be so loud
Wow
I'm a person of discovery this is not in
the game this is not my game
missed it hey yeah well you know there's
that way to do it that way to do it this
is like the best exercise in a long time
I'm digging this fun exercise is she
gonna hit this ball over the fence and
we're gonna lose this ball I would pause
the screen you guys gonna tell me in the
comments
sorry guys I just like pause in video
like that ever since I found it just
makes me make big chuckle you're done
and tomorrow they'll get new tires
destroyed his tires silly boy
and Oh stinks and it's uh awful I want
to smack that kid in the stupid face ah
so for the first round of us playing
tennis together we both equally suck so
but eventually we're gonna get good I
don't only time it was like not even
rackets they were like paddles after a
night of exercise what do you do you
treat yourself to a Slurpee you're
breaking things hey I got you a pink
straw because everyone knows you love
pink all right now that we're home we
are just making dinner and we're
listening to some audiobooks right now
we're actually listening to egghead by
Bo Burnham if you guys remember a blow
burn him back to the debut tubes awesome
comedian he's gone on to do amazing
things he's got a new movie called
egghead it's on audible right now as you
guys already know audible.com has been a
sponsor of the CTFxC and we've kind of
had this like audio book club for the
past year you guys suggesting awesome
books and I'd pass it on to you guys and
if you actually go to audible.com slash
CTFxC you can get your free trial your
free audio book so if you go there
audible.com CTFxC and search for egghead
you can actually get this for free sure
and yet never talk about my
grandmother's farts which arrived in
time one after the other with equal
regularity are these poets too holy to
comment on anything less than nature
supplies that's a good little example
guys so go to audible.com slash CTFxC
and thank audible for being an awesome
sponsor for this entire year again guys
please keep all the recommendations for
audiobooks and we'll continue this audio
book club so we're making our brains
smarter guys I think I've already told
you this you can listen to it at any
computer your phone so when you're
driving your iPad pretty much everything
you possibly can think of I like
I especially like what I work out when
you're working out so guys go to
audible.com slash CTFxC get your free
trial
get your free audiobook let me know what
you guys think as well and let me know
some other ideas of what we should be
listening to so go check it out guys and
make yourself smarter or dumber or
whatever you want to do here's the best
part about going to try to play tennis
guys you gots employees who likes tennis
balls brand new ones as always a pretend
like she likes them just so other dogs
can't have them go get free toys and she
did get them both so alright guys so the
vlog is ending because our day is inning
and because we're going to bed right now
if you guys really enjoyed the vlog
today we love you so much thank you so
much for watching and if you guys too
new make sure that you do hit that
subscribe button right down below and
make sure that you guys said that thumbs
up because I know that whenever I see
those legs go up it makes me really
happy I know it makes them really happy
but we love you guys thank you again for
watching and we will see you tomorrow as
always to those two news to those tools
bye
see you guys after having boys and he's
a puppy she just does everything except
everything okay I'll do this oh you're
such a hipster this you to let a fart to
fart it again yeah you wear those pants
we're not making fun of you
we're having fun Zoey can I have my
clothes back please
40 40 40 booty booty is everywhere booty
booty booty booty booty is everywhere
that's weird probably want to go to park
all right wanna go Square Park
