good morning Internet so we're going to
start the day off with a little
competition so right now you know as a
kid when you get shark bites and the
white one
was pretty much gold as a kid if you had
a white shark bite you pretty much could
own the school okay how easy it oh yeah
see then as a kid you could take these
and you pretty much goodbye more
chocolate milk
kids from the 90's know exactly what I'm
talk about keeping up with our 90's
stuff right now
this was Ali's thing as a kid so I
surprised her with one actually I
surprised her with two of them that
means we're gonna have a race later
direction - green - Julie green this is
wrong
zowie keeps doing these massive massive
 when I say massive so what I've
done is I made her wear my pants until
she stops farting because that's where
farts come from they come from pants or
is it you it might be you farting I just
always around us that might actually be
Marley the whole time she doesn't care
so do blue Oh God see you guys after
having Zoey since she's a puppy she just
does everything she accepts everything's
like okay I'll do this so you're so -
Andi is such a hipster did she do that a
fart she farted again if you wear those
pants we're not making fun of you we're
having fun Zoey can I have my clothes
back please booty booty booty booty
booty is everywhere booty booty booty
booty booty is everywhere that's weird
Marley I want to go to Park all right
where I go let's go to park hey even
under there there see so I walked in and
I was like
I'm gonna be that white girl sl√°inte
don't usually go yep nonfat with the
whip I mean yeah you're a blonde white
girl and he was he was laughing so hard
though sweet nectar she's done with not
having the attention today are you
already go to the park and go play what
am I to you ready to go to the park and
go play
it's apparently they updated the feature
of the drone so it has like a follow-me
feature we're gonna try to test that out
and make a nice look pretty montage of
walking around with the dogs in the
beautiful day before the super gran
comes do you see something after this
clip that makes it work if there's
nothing after this clip that means we
were taking my am
so we're getting ready to film for me
versus you gaming I think we're at
episode five all right
anyway so I know seriously right being
super consistent with this Melissa that
Melissa that's Melissa right there with
big nerd glasses all ready to play oh by
the way you guys digging my beanie my
internet killed television beanie we
still got those guys CTFxC merch comp he
doesn't want them shameless promotion
hashtag promotion your club think
what I'm sorry I did I had to add -
alright Internet as you can see I'm in
my little tiny box I just wanted to
remind you guys the brand new episode of
V vs. you gaming what we just shot
episode 5 there's now online you can
click here on the screen the link down
there in the description or just go to
youtube.com slash Charles Trippy and go
check it out guys we actually played
Super Smash Brothers for the Wii U as
requested from you guys so please go
check it out guys if you can you have
any ideas for some more games go check
it out leave it over there and we will
see you guys here tomorrow as always
have a great night toodles
bye guys see you burn the other channel
relationship goes there drove it out was
flying by follow just lay on it like
that
that is true friendship right there
dude you're killing it hoverboard Gold
