Brooke dance there we go let's start the
video all right well that's probably one
of the weirdest intros anyways I'm just
hanging out with the pups cuz tomorrow
we leave we're gonna go high-five the
president anything you want me to tell
him so I completely forgot well I should
back up I didn't completely forget I
just kind of space that we were leaving
so soon for playlist live in DC
essentially tomorrow our today when
watching this video
I have not packed at all but I just
looked at my suitcase and luckily
everything's still packed from the last
trip of vlogger fair it makes things a
lot easier I was actually talking to my
mom earlier today and I was telling her
this afternoon I was going to get my
hair cut and she's like you just you're
just getting a trim right here Leah
taught me a little bit you're not
getting it cut cut right it's so funny
because a lot of my family it seems to
be very very protective of my hair I
mean I love my hair too don't get me
wrong my mom my sister unfortunately has
their hairs a lot better than mine and I
feel like they was lived by kerosene
through my hair not my life of my hair
any time I ever mentioned getting my
hair cut my mom's like no no no no just
just trim it it only needs a nice clean
trim since we're leaving so soon and I
leave you so much it feels so bad so I'm
hanging out with the girls a birthday
yesterday was so freaking awesome
all my friends came out to surprise me
ally killed it with all their sweet
little surprises I just want to say
thank you again yesterday was a complete
emotional wreck I know it was just like
one of those moments where just kind of
all swooped in at once that how big the
CTFxC truly is well I know well that's
exactly what I was going to say well
even bargain at there we go chop chop
chop not much but enough for me mom I
hope this isn't too much for you
but the pack can get ready because we
leave tomorrow for Washington DC which
I'm incredibly excited about I've never
been to Washington DC there's a lot of
places I want to go there's a lot of
places I want to see and that's
definitely one place because
unfortunately a lot of times when we go
to these events we don't get the
opportunity to just hang out and have a
quote unquote vacation which I think
that's kind of the misunderstood write
to you about is that we're out there and
we're just on vacation no guys we are
out there literally to work
char's even busier than I am when we go
to these things but I definitely want to
try and relax
take it in so hopefully the last been a
trip to go see all the vampires do I
don't want to know what that is cuz I
just got chemo to do the blood test I
always have to do that the week after
and since we're leaving tomorrow I got
to do it now because it'd be very
difficult for me to do that walk
playlist whoo clothes that 3:30 in the
afternoon this is now the third place
and I've had to go to and their clothes
because I was stupid reason one was
because of weather the other was just
because now this one is because 3:30 see
a little mouse
oh my gosh I feel like Forrest Gump
right now just waiting for somebody to
sit next to me so I can tell them about
my story
no and I'm looking I'm looking
everywhere no one is open so when
everything's closed I give up and just
go here it's my second home I've got
such a freaking headache today just not
going away thank you for being quiet
you're very quiet
okay no more cool squirrel no planet
eating pizza I love you can see
don't worry buddy I won't take your
pizza that's my new favorite friend
where did you get the pizza No
okay we love names like my friend why
didn't you see it mr. spell
come on I'm not gonna run by myself so
muslim' still got me 600 water balloons
and two launchers big mistake
stifling surprise that was a nice little
water balloon surprise nope that wasn't
right
alright my boy listen friend a carrot
okay
she found it I do and this is the wrong
one it didn't you chose the wrong one
okay no no I have to do my react I am a
fair player I'm just a woman so I think
quickly
yeah he can't got me he's punk ass punk
yep say you messed with Ally you messing
Zoe and the whole crew so I guess
Melissa and fel got charges like water
balloon launcher for its birthday and so
we are gonna test that bad boy out
because why not
see I got try really good because he did
the one thing I was like hey char don't
do it don't throw a balloon at me right
now just don't do it right now
honey don't don't I have camera precious
camera in my possession
good Zoe she was to catch it one two
three what
where'd it goes all three
good move in
we're gonna go hey I wonder my hiding
spot
my sister's here no you would never do
that to my sister well drop the camera
so how do you do this ball back got mean
I don't know if you guys got the seat so
how do you get that caught you're like
like one of those animals at the beach
hang on hang on be inappropriate while
okay oh it is like a wiener that's a
very phallic symbol right there I'm
trying not to curse at her no but the
word starts an F and ends with an up
content kill him
Charles please leave me along this is
another just I have a I have a camera
Kim so get himself I'll sacrifice the
camera hey you won't don't do it don't
do it
that's are you Mike hey let's
stop laughing oh I'm a good person
Leah any number that we're doing the
counter pole stop
so Caitlyn is so awesome and brought us
over some yummy yummy yummy yummy sushi
to eat tonight which I'm like super
excited about because I know that we
always talked about how our entire
vegetarians and I'm a quote unquote
pescetarian I couldn't give up fish I'm
sorry guys I'm super excited to devour a
lot of that yeah me too I'm a
pescetarian vegetarian vegetarian you
just eat it all yeah okay you want this
it's a giant egg
how's your back leg you're alright guys
well it's time to do the fun thing of
packing so we are heading to playlist
live and we will be going to see all you
guys I think Saturday we have a
meet-and-greet and actually you know
what I want to lay sure don't do it you
can't be the hypocrite that you always
are so the best thing I can just tell
you guys is to follow us on Twitter I'll
put a link down the description or
download the playlist live app and I'll
have our schedule I think we're on a
couple panels and then we have a meteor
8 obviously so don't forget to subscribe
you guys are brand new and I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video and I will
see you guys in DC
do it all over
it's our gonna get all the girls been
ladies show in this and Akane
