hey guys welcome to Sunday another one
take Sunday today is a little bit more
unique because we are finally getting
around to the storage unit and getting
rid of a bunch of stuff and sorry that
guy entity is listening to epic music
right now literally so funny it is super
nice but yeah we have this whole storage
unit and like pretty much we could like
lay down do some jumping jacks literally
look at we could do that this is
actually not even working so parshas
donate it there's just a bunch of stuff
here we just want to clean out here we
go bed good job
I feel like this year we want to kind of
just do you know like the whole what
does it call it the simple way of
simplifying your way minimalist trying
to you got some really uh played a
chemist that one day we have tennis
rackets anyone anyone want some tennis
track we could do that I mean we have
tennis rackets though I don't know what
this stuff is this is what's kind of
funny so I think we only really need it
for pretty much like Halloween
decorations Christmas decorations pride
mainly Halloween decorations with this
lady over here maybe fun if it was
that's where I got shot I got shot when
I hit a hundred thousand subscribers
isn't that insane that's what it was big
at the time three million get the Scooby
okay right now if we get the two million
subscribers how he could shoot me I'll
wear a cup
you can shoot me the balls that's not
good for me I'll wear cups okay no no a
rocket shoot me in the nuts
dude that was inator have you ever seen
the commercial for that yeah it's
disgusting
yeah we're getting totally off topic but
anyway yeah two million Alec is shooting
with a paintball gun that should be kind
of fun incentive yes so we are trying to
clean this up a little bit so I just
wanted to do a little quick one take
with you guys this should show that
we're trying to simplify our life you
get smaller you
a lot of these blue things are what your
long game and honestly like if you look
inside them I don't know if you guys
like it
toys actually look at this I should look
into this stuff like do you remember
Mighty Max in Polly Pocket yes there
were these tiny little things I know if
I can even open them I got a show - you
still fight in the 80s okay there are
these things these are what you would
get the called Mighty Max they still
have pockets but they're huge that's
what was trying to say is okay really
thank you no no they had it they had to
get in bigger because kids were
swallowing them how our generation
didn't think like King to swallow
something except this is probably hard
to swallow
that's very true I look at this we've
got a yellow Power Ranger got a blue tie
Ranger we got some sort of ninja turtle
we got Mario manners old I got a Power
Ranger you got the yellow Power Ranger
this is insane
they're kind of toys in it oh man look
at this that Wolverine what else is in
here yeah okay some starting lineups you
guys want some starting lineups
anyway we hope you guys enjoyed our one
take I feel like over the course of the
last few weeks we're actually getting
really good at these things
at least I feel like I'm getting better
out i rambling a lot less and getting
straight to the point I ramble so that's
just who I am I'm a ramblin man
oh dear dad jokes for days anyway guys
we'll see you tomorrow if you guys
actually give you guys something else
that is kind of like a thank you and
keep you guys busy what we're gonna
leave here go check out Ali's video
links down in the description I go check
out hi how are you go check out what is
this all goodies we should donate more
of these footage geez you should have
done even more of those happy I didn't
eat it
going back to the homeless shelter well
yeah please go check out Ali's video and
please go check out yesterday's video if
you didn't see it we went to a
Renaissance Festival which is insane I
got I got to start helping her now
otherwise I'm looking really
embarrassing in front of everybody so
don't forget to subscribe guys check out
everything in the description oh yeah
I've been working out by the way can you
tell who those guns I'm still guns those
guns look at okay I'll see you tomorrow
bye
