good morning Internet we're getting
stuff ready for an exciting day tomorrow
hey sleepyhead
and sleeping for the past seven hours so
I realized that's just what cats do the
sleep early at the beginning of the
video she looked crazy we felt like that
would be the best way to say hi and good
morning
hope it didn't scare you too much
tomorrow we have something really really
really cool kind of feel really honored
to be a part of it I don't want to tell
you until tomorrow so today we're having
to completely okay I'll give you a hint
we have to film something we're doing a
filming for a company slash production
that's all I'm going to say you know see
you tomorrow so we have to completely
make this house not embarrassing cuz
right now we just have actually you know
what let me show you the embarrassing
thing is ally and I suck at laundry so
like my laundry just piles up in the
corner and look at this this is an
incredibly embarrassed thing I don't
know why I'm showing this yeah I'm
saying this is all of ours it's just a
mountain of laundry
this is accrued over like weeks adding
the Weishaupt oh is this so interesting
and then just pile in the corner yep
that's half of it and then piles up into
a giant explosion exactly okay see this
is what I'm talking about
I almost step on her all the time
because she gets between my legs but yet
tomorrow we are going to be doing
something pretty awesome I'm really
excited let's do a couple things couple
fun errands so I get to stay in the car
why Ali goes and gets some arts and
crafts stuff yay holy Kremp is the
attack of the birds fun fact did you
guys know when Alfred Hitchcock first
sorry I'm just watching all these birds
first pitched the movie the horror movie
Birds
he was like pretty much laughed out of
the room they thought it was ridiculous
flash-forward later they made the movie
and it's terrifying so I just thought
that was kind of funny it's kind of
motivation if you ever think you have a
bad idea or a crazy idea or a weird idea
chances are it's a good idea people are
making fun of it
so don't let people hold you down look
at that those crazy-ass Birds just like
maybe say something a little bit
inspiring and just like that I do not
like the fact that it gets so dark so
quick it's like it feels like I blink
and it's already dark it's like 4:30 or
4:45 or something like that
tomorrow sorry I don't know they just
did right there zigzagging cars only get
hit tomorrow we have that filming and
Ali wants to make sure the house looks
super awesome so I'm on a mission to
find a tree skirt or a tree dress
whatever gonna call it something to make
the tree look cooler I guess I don't
know she's asked I figured I'd do it
ones that go woolly mammoth okay so then
there's this one over here any of these
no these are three skirts oh wait those
aren't hold on okay so these are them
this one
this one that one like Reds that one
looks pretty cool looks like a no I
actually it doesn't look close I was
just being sarcastic they don't have
very neutral ones to accept these red
ones gotta love technology I would have
gotten completely the wrong one thank
God for faced it's like one of those
things where I'm not a very good
decorator so I have like a nervous kind
of like the right reaction I guess you'd
say because I don't know what's not look
good it was not bad it's gonna look
awesome now for the footage or the
filming I should say alright so it may
not look terrible right now but really
isn't that bad but because we're having
some people over tomorrow for a pretty
special event that I'm really proud to
be a part of I really want to make sure
that the house is kind of in tip-top
shape and it was interesting because
today I did like some of the weirdest
things that I feel like I haven't done
at all maybe once maybe twice in the
house which was like cleaning all of the
white on all of the cupboards and like
cleaning the chrome I haven't done that
one yet but it was a really interesting
task that I haven't done yet I have to
mop all of these floors got to sweep
everything I like just get it cleaned up
cuz you really don't want all of that
there mop I mean things are getting
better over here today we've just been
kind of like running all over the place
so we're a little bit delayed on the
timeframe of completing this so leave it
later than I wanted your part of the
filming and see that right there that's
all your fur that we just swept up this
morning you two
so yesterday everyone's a critic about
my cooking although you're gonna ask Ali
it was delicious wasn't it it was so
good but then I just realized some of
you guys explained to me in the comments
that you're supposed to defrost meat in
cold water because I guess it harbors
like bacteria but my thought process is
you cook it anyways so wouldn't it die
at any rate I'm gonna redeem myself and
make some tacos
cuz Tuesday no I'm cooking Tuesday Taco
Tuesday a big but oh do you want to cook
there that's fine I don't be I recon I
got something for you yeah I got stuff
for you you know what it is it's a giant
poop box because you like the kickstand
and literal all over the damn place and
you look comfortable those look good I
got nice taste awaited no he's like I
know let's go for you buddy it helps
your ears and your joints he's like come
on you know what CVD stands for clearly
bad decision decisions no yeah it tastes
like coconut why does he not like it
sake no thank you
he won't take it right now nope see you
follow me
you didn't get it you're just being a
wimp he likes to put her on his food I'm
gonna put on his food I don't know why
we're torturing him like that girls they
don't care
watch Marley
I'm sorry my there's only gobbles it
down I was walking up to the house and I
cannot for the life of me cats going
under the tree watching Jesus go
everyone's going under trees now she was
right she was running realizing we're
realizing it's gonna be diesel that
knocks down the tree because he keeps
going in the back and he's the oof are a
doof is the word I'm looking for in the
comments let's make some bets it's gonna
be Rica or diesel Zoe or Marley who's
gonna know or ally who's him knocked out
or Charles who's gonna knock down the
tree this year I feel honestly I'm
putting money on diesel I'm blue or
Marley one of those do not you maybe
it's very good I don't know Zoe are you
gonna do it just keep telling yourself
that he's turning into a cat that's the
thing she's going from a cute little
kitten I can't do anything bad
to be under the tree right now with the
spray bottle we put the spring look we
put the spray bottle right there to hope
and scare it does not this cat is
fearless I walked up to the house and
one of these were in our front yard
actually granted they are smaller but if
this was between then it's weird but
those who have no idea this is what
Google used to look like this is how you
found somebody's phone number and this
is actually if you ever wondered why
this is actually kind of something
interesting a lot of people have always
wondered have you ever noticed that
there's companies that are like a one
plumbing or something like that the
reasoning behind that is because in the
day the yellow book how they did it was
this alphabetical order so it's like 1a
so literally one nothing beats one
except maybe zero I don't think will be
zero a plumbing so that's why when you
see companies that are like one a
plumbing or a one landscaping it was
because they were they were gaming the
system back in the day that's how you
gained
system by naming your company like that
so if you didn't know that's a nice
little little run now you know yeah go
of that graphic I have to redeem myself
from yesterday I'm still gonna redeem
myself Internet okay
so I think I'm redeeming myself you're
amazing get it this way outside corn I
was gonna say cuz uh smees I had to
throw a dad joke in there but it's not
it's not corn this is pretend that was
corn wait hold on David my amazing the
Indians called Gordon maize get it now
okay sorry I gotta practice my dad jokes
I have to get at least one dad joke in
the video otherwise I feel like I failed
you just so I have a whole slew of years
of dad jokes in the comments please give
me your best dad job
no I know but I want more I want more
because you guys gave me a lot and half
the jokes that I say are from you guys
so I need more the camera rolling so you
don't want to there we go thank you
appreciate it
hey Betty do rap pretty shoes and she's
very pretty very beautiful yes pre-k Oh
slurp slurp slurp slurp always slurping
with the cameras on mr. B slurp slurp
slurp so Allie and I were just talking
about how much this cat is completely
but bounced back now she is freaking
love this stuff so happy and just like
in love with her life I think I hope at
least I think she is but I just keep
thinking about like where she would be
right now like what kind of life she'd
be happy
Rica is now gonna be three months is she
gonna be three months old now Rick is
gonna be almost three months old since
we found her from the hurricane roughly
I think it was September 10th
yes September 10th I think it was so
December she doesn't got an attitude
that's for sure
where she would be if we weren't at the
right place at the right time because
like look how big she is she's getting
huge like I I don't know if you guys
remember how small she was Oh looky you
have a milk mustache oh he's got on your
face get rid of things she was literally
that small she was smaller than a cup
but I don't know guys it's just you know
we never thought we'd be cat people I
don't see I might even say I'm a cat
person I like my cat
look at this tail you look like a bat
yeah she does look a monkey in a bat yes
you do should put me down dad let's go
play some bass yeah we'll learn the new
song the new single a love the way the
new single comes out Friday I forgot to
tell you guys I would call wait to the
end of the video
dr. trav the brand-new we the Kings
single Friday and I think we might play
for the hometown show oh by the way the
hometown show is December 27th I love
how I literally remember all this at the
end of the video anyway guys hope you
enjoyed today's video have a good night
