hello Internet looks like the hurricane
is still coming or at least a tropical
storm will go check it out I'm going to
use this excuse of day five chemo and
the fact that its rating to be laying
right now a lot of people asked about
why don't talk about it anymore it's
mainly because I'm repressing it because
still scares the shit out of me that I
know would be totally fine I already
know that I don't know why I'm scared or
anything like that it's just a hard
thing to do I just want to be honest
with you guys and just tell you guys how
I'm feeling about this because some days
I wake up like today and I feel like
complete crap and I just don't want to
do anything but I also know i need to
and i want to the same thing but i also
don't want to it's kind of a weird
conundrum good luck it's just so comes
just so hard my body just to keep going
and i know that a couple days we have a
lot to do like tomorrow we have to go do
the Ripley's Believe It or Not thing I
guess I could tell you guys what we're
doing over there what they're doing is
they're going to be giving the CTFxC a
two page spread in the next book so
instead of that little tiny blurb that
we had last time they're giving us two
pages so we're gonna do like a little
photo shoot which is fucking crazy to me
not only are we in the book but we're
featured in the book I'm really excited
about that and I'm really not wanting to
be sick puking or doing anything like
that so I'm just trying to get myself in
order and then the next day is my
birthday and I don't want to be sick on
my birthday so and then two days after
that we fly off the playlist or movies
the next it if they're let third
actually third we fly out the day before
the third we flop to playlist live in
Washington DC to see all you guys which
I'm really excited to see you guys over
there because I've been this year I've
been really because last few years I
haven't had a lot of time to go to all
these YouTube gatherings because I was
either on tour around the country or
some something crazy like that this year
I've been really focusing on making sure
I attend
as many of these possible I just really
want to make up for all the years that I
wasn't able to go to all these things
you wake up you kind of get a
stomachache and goes away and goes back
a little bit you take the medicine take
a it goes away a little bit helps a
little bit and then all of a sudden you
just have to sit down because each other
somebody like punches you in the stomach
and every single time I don't feel good
got my guard up there got my guard dogs
down there they always surround me it's
the most adorable thing ever and I just
get worried sometimes that I can't make
the videos always as entertaining as I
want it to be because of everything
because I hold my standards up really
high because like if I want to do
something I want to do something right
but sometimes lately I just can't do
them the way I want them just because
what I'm getting ready to do them or as
I'm doing them I just feel like crap and
I just have to stop for a second and
just feel like not embarrassed i just
feel not ashamed i'm barriss and shamed
it's like frustrated I want to make sure
that I make or we make these videos as
entertaining as fun for you guys as
possible sometimes I can't and I get
really bummed when I can't do that yeah
just one of the you know sit downs can
event with you guys because I don't
usually have the time to just sit down
and just kind of vent with since there's
a hurricane coming perfect time it is
scary i am scared I'm not gonna lie I'm
always scared every day of my life I'm
scared that I'm gonna have a seizure
every day I'm not gonna lie i'm not
gonna sugarcoat i I'm always like happy
go lucky because that's kind of way of
not necessarily covering things up but
convincing myself or helping myself not
be scared i should say it's weird is
that weird
okay so right now I'm actually in search
for a gift for Charles because yesterday
was the most unsuccessful thing ever
they're playing kids toys and try and
find something for his birthday but
that's okay his birthday is not tomorrow
but the next day we have a big thing
happening tomorrow in Orlando then we
actually leave for playlist i think
thursday it looks as though the
aftermath of erica is
keep them closed no you're gonna ruin it
it's not that big of a deal you're gonna
ruin it oh you can open up your eyes hey
Charles Zoey I'm not doing either that
smells good he's nothing to you just so
eager she thinks I'm gonna do something
or are you gonna eat your breakfast are
you hey are you going to eat your
breakfast GRU wound Greek so CTFxC r
gave us google cardboard at one of the
meetups and I'm now figuring out what
it's for Ali's playing insidious three I
think I have a feeling you're gonna get
scared honey I don't want to alarm you
but there is a brontosaurus walking
around oh wait there's a t-rex why are
the gas station there's a Stegosaurus
hanging out at wawa go get your coffee I
know it's not about copy its bugs gasps
oh you gotta source is gonna pump it for
us i don't know if i was out there you
guys remember yesterday's eerie pink sky
this is the day mind you that we're
supposed to have a hurricane I'm just
going to show you this guy yeah
apparently that's what Florida
hurricanes guys look like Turner
Christmas song
Oh
River a warped tour went Watson the song
specifically every single day August is
over and I have to do the cheesy thing
that we do every year play we the kings
August is over I get ready for
I get over here get down did you get
that cash yeah you want to be nobody
Marley what the peanut butter yeah go
like it's just peanut butter you're
gonna feel really dumb really soon how
dumb do you feel now peanuts palm oil
salt you can have this it's kind of
weird shit sometimes it's just some come
off we're just playing feed Marley right
now huh oh my god that's perfect that
little he hit your mouth Thank You Tommy
all right one more yeah it what's not
fun wouldn't do that way you gotta go
like this
so I don't like it I don't like it I
don't like it with some of it first
we're out you're in the game look up at
the ceiling focus on me listen to my
words curious the terrifying my body
there's a nice wooden floor because i
thought we're gonna be the controllers
and i was like we did some exercises all
day good good obviously you didn't
practice no hay soon as you're playing
goat simulator yeah I don't this is the
weirdest game I've ever ever played
watch it's a go it's a girl's ego that
girl it's just to go and he's just what
does it go messing shit up run I guess
how many points in it so amount I'm oh
there he goes did y'all I got a donkey
who doesn't right can I start yep Gary
Charles I don't know if I like this oh
god you're ready
leave this release get out oh my gosh
this is too scary I'm gonna have
nightmares it'll wake you so we're doing
that VR stuff and I got so scared I feel
like such an idiot I dropped my phone I
got so scared I got that scared well
guys I forgot the end of vlog yesterday
and it's now morning kind of so freaking
tired anyway hope you guys enjoyed
today's video don't forget to subscribe
and right now we're doing something
really awesome so you'll see you
tomorrow have a great night doodles bye
guys
and kick it out
linen and Bruce Wilson's backyard we're
landed I can't believe how excited you
are but honestly how many people say
right now was it out of this room I
excited I just hope that your hat is
like scraping the top of this right now
you feel embarrassed about being in
there can you get out are you stuck can
you get out
is what i was looking at guys through
the screen it's terrible you should just
get you one of these
