Wolfe's most terrible hire gotcha
Internet I have a question for you how
many times does this happen to you when
you're on your phone and all of a sudden
you're like try to fiddle with it and
they just Falls see I don't want to drop
it on my face and Simon sir because it's
gonna hurt my face but when you're like
this and you trying to go one hand and
you're just like and hit you eight in
the face that's got to happen to so many
other people because I happens to be all
the time just like well I'm dragging you
out so today being day five of the chemo
it's kind of always today that just kind
of builds up and it's just the worst day
for me and I was looking in the comments
and one of you guys suggested doing
chocolate milk like drinking a little
bit chocolate milk we don't have top of
milk we have chocolate almond milk so I
feel like this might be the same thing
to make you guys kind of understand it
would kind of give you an example what
it feels like like if you guys had a bad
heartburn stomachache but it's also
hurting up here
it's this weird everyone's got their own
little style with their ears right Marv
here's your left Diesel's right it's
always left I want that for my birthday
have that up in the game room he's just
riding that with every board so Ali
dragging me to go get a birthday present
which see the thing about me I don't you
guys have blown this part for years I'm
not a huge fan of like gifts like
receiving gifts I'm very awkward one
Italian Jew or jewelry that's all I want
I want to be gorilla that kid I remember
that was like 97 big figure Oh
a big chain what was my Tommy Hilfiger
shirt in my pachinko jeans
oh they totally work they totally work
using them in the sandal that makes it
like no you killed my horse I need to
make another horse building are you
building is it true that a triangle is
the strongest of all shapes or is that
just something in a movie that I heard
I've actually never heard those before
looks really interesting
I'm going in baby it takes credit cards
Charles
I think you're a little too big I got it
so broken so that's a space mission you
look like you're your land landing shy
guy I never thought the day would come
that I would standing outside of a
child's toy filming my boyfriend playing
the game which
I think this is meant for children eight
and under I just put in like six credits
to there so that I'll take one and
there's only five people to play you
like look awkwardly uncomfortable right
now
bonus see your head space okay
he looks super concentrated so bad
we attached
just so you guys can see this is what it
is
yeah it's that little playground that
they always have in malls that they just
have children playing nope
Charles is playing in it are you feeling
a little
a screen effect
you're just leaning in Bruce Willis's
backyard
we're landed I can't believe how excited
you are about honestly how do I write
now was it out of this room
oh you said it I just loved it your hat
is like scraping the top of this right
now
you feel embarrassed about being in
there can you get out are you stuck
can you get out is what I was looking at
guys through the screen it's terrible
maybe we should just get you one of
these for your birthday
anybody out there know of a really cheap
one I feel terrible how he was actually
looking for stuff for me as I scare -
the bun with the bun you're over seven
feet tall
no way I'm not that tall at all
all right we're all the same right
include the bun include the Bunya that's
all including the bun
at 70 look my bad here I love you so
much
I'll share my birthday pretzels with you
not that one you get the small one I
love you but not that much wait what
they're like ugh compris yeah those
aren't those aren't Chuck so they're
stupid converse hold true with the
originals no I don't like that place no
like the black ones these are kinda cool
I have a pair of the black ones which
don't work I gotta ask you something be
honest in the comments do you think I
could I was Ali did you think I could
ever rock a pair of boat shoes I don't
know I know it sounds super you know
like when you see certain objects like
I'm nervous yeah I should wear these it
doesn't a resume
Warners sans like do you think I could
ever rock like boat shoes I don't think
I could I don't think I could rock
anything other than these
I'm typecast for the rest of my life
every time you have to drive you around
you're wearing this oh you know I rub
you anyways those are ridiculously a
Hussam are they comfortable yeah
any reasons
the remnants of rain through Wednesday
so I guess like our area supposed to get
1 to 2 inches of rain
yeah which isn't bad my name is sending
three to five traveling America's no
more it's official just I disappear
saturday morning over a hostile
environment the caribbean the senior
eastern Cuba
so is it dead there hurricanes dead for
some reason floor is always very lucky
either goes the other way or goes in
swings unfortunately to like New Orleans
or like I think Arizona or Texas even
those are usually they get swung into
those the most verses cuz with Florida
they would have to go down and around
and hook through think of like a
curveball it's been so gloomy out Al and
I are just like this weird little funk
right now you know like when it's like
really her she comes
she's been hurting because she worked
out she got so swole this guy is
literally pink right now it's so eerie
and beautiful at the same time so we're
kind of trapped in the house now the way
it is now the storm is now coming I
should say even though Eric is now dead
so if the tropical storm is dead do they
name the storms like because the
tropical storm Erika right or it's
hurricane Erika so it's like it could be
like a song did you guys know that when
they named hurricanes they're like
always after an alphabetic order well I
didn't know that for the longest time
might be wonder where I'm struggling so
hard I'm trying to cut a watermelon
right now and I have audience member
marlie right there I will share my
watermelon with you Marly not that not
that piece okay you can have that piece
filling eat that little piece then we
get this cuz I dropped it oh don't let
all of it you got to keep the rind out
of your mouth oh by the way guys we have
two special things happening one is my
birthday and two we have a special thing
we're gonna be doing with Ripley's you
guys remember Ripley's Believe It or Not
so we're gonna be doing something
awesome with them on the first we'll be
bringing you guys along with us you find
a baby frog I'm actually really super
excited to show you guys what we're
gonna be doing over there a couple more
days for that and then we go to a
playlist BC a lot of traveling and then
would probably buffer fest in Toronto so
it's been a busy year of traveling and
on top of traveling with the band and
everything so this lady makes me look
really scruffy I'm gonna take the last
day of chemo right now day five and
hopefully I'll be way better tomorrow
fingers crossed have a great night and
we'll see you guys tomorrow as always
they're just not sharp
what are you doing nothing I think was
the Papa duty she has scares and above
it is it might be might be hope you
enjoyed today's video
beware of Papa do these lives in your
closet and we will see you guys tomorrow
as always have a great night dude bye
guys
that joke was a knee-slapper
ain't no bones about it
and we're gonna leave everybody's up now
so our life tips come down to this it's
one of
