happy Friday yeah it's the weekend
already
well you're still your nightclothes it's
4:00 in the afternoon honey
I don't know what to say just could
change let's go good I'm glad you do the
same to the year are you happy a new web
page listening to the ear biscuits
episode I was on the red link how was it
it was good am I good it's actually very
scary we were being very turned over
I've been doing that one really yeah so
go check it out
why was the nurger cam scary you know
they relived a bunch of stuff and things
like that I'm just nervous or you know
the tumor and all that stuff so we
they're close friends of mine so it was
very comfortable talking doing like the
only people are probably talk it's just
hard to talk about it right you're just
having to talk about things in general
it's really nice to build and get things
off my chest oh thank you get out of
your night clothes
okay no no no sorry Internet we're
design for a golf cart say maybe I call
people their sheds or something like
that bigger business your business idea
let's do this thank you so much
oh boy you sound like a giant doofus
right there right they don't exist
somebody in the comments suggested maybe
asking golf that place if they have like
golf cart sheds they do not either we
have to build one or we have to just
suck it up and get a big-ass one now
he's been working out look at this
do that big old muscle we got a kiss
your muscle like Arnold that's so weird
I always feel like it's so funny when
people when I'm at the gym and my guys
will walk by you know there's a big fear
by the weights and they walk and they
like turn their arm to do it you know
the flex and they act like they're not
looking and then they look at the person
you're such a douche can like the zoo
pinch and then you smell if you guys
didn't know that there you go that's how
you can tell if you stink or not
whatever grill is a waffle with us
you guys might laugh and think I was
stupid but I was the best toasted waffle
I've ever had in my entire life
it was just like both sides apparently
you need a new toaster
sorry reason for it honey there's some
of them that are just like candles so
these are salt rocks yep kind of cool
huh Oh Charles do you know how many
people probably put their hand on that I
don't know if that's face because the
saltier because you're just really okay
that's enough really if you get some
crazy disease now I don't know you're
such a weird human I got or three all
right let's go
I'm getting you out of here let's go and
it folds up to be a table
that is the bomb Judique I mean this
looks like it fell down a few times but
I don't like will you put this in our
bedroom when the party happens chart
hates our showerhead so in the shower so
right now we're kind of looking at all
these different ones to see this is what
comes out of the house and then the
Beezus
why are you breathe right why didn't
things just like that oh my gosh I can't
thank you anyway
terrible oh my gosh Charles I'm gonna
walk why because you're just like
sitting in tiny little things
hey stuck I think I'm Monday we're gonna
be getting hit by and hurricane so we're
kind of doing though planning stages
that or tropical storm this is a funny
thing about Floridians when there's a
hurricane they have hurricane party five
days because of the hurricane and they
never came here was never by really
speak outside to actually go surfing
during the Hurricanes back in the day
I love hi this is how you can kick right
now
does that hurt I break your finger
it's one of the see if it really hurt
what do you think I've been
little dude come on get outs raining
tell me why speak speak
no speech why don't you did it you
should do it again do one more just so
she doesn't lose early the Train now I
just can't do this to them you get those
chills sweet oh there we go
you got it holy crap but you saw it
first
Marley just learned a new trick dog new
tricks like get out get out you're not
very good at hiding so you guys remember
how last couple months
Lisa calm the mattress company has kind
of sponsored the vlogs and helped us out
a little bit and the reason why I
actually keep bringing them back up
because not only is the mattress
comfortable because as you can see we've
been using it every single day actually
abandoned the other mattresses for this
but also for the philanthropy that they
actually do for every ten mattresses
that somebody buys or people buy they
actually give one to a homeless shelter
it just found this out recently - that
they are going to be sending a bunch of
mattresses to a local homeless shelter
because of all the CTX ears who got
mattresses already when they do that I'm
gonna actually go to the local homeless
shelter and kind of see what's going on
how they do it and say hi to everybody
very comfortable Marley likes to hide
under it go to Lisa calm CTFxC le es a
calm so that's CTFxC and you get $75 off
your order
and then I believe you have like a
hundred day trial to try it out let's
sleep on and see if you like it it's a
win-win-win you're an awesome mattress
you get a discount and you're helping
people oh that's right fitter dinner
come on let's go
marlee prefers being under the bed he's
the biggest wimp you could scare him
anywhere
everyone's just not amused right here
diesel Zooey and then let's look at my
legs just yeah what what are they doing
idiots I have to successfully change
this and make it to one of those rain
showers wake up
so Allie and Savannah are gonna go see a
DJ tonight and look at a pretty she is
what's that like totally the round eight
by doing that and they asked if I wanted
to go but I'd rather watch a movie and
that I'm not totally into the deejay
scene I'm slowly getting into it
I know Allie loves everything from
country except country yes
hashtag lazy
thanks so much for watch the day's video
don't forget to subscribe you guys are
brand new actually before I leave I want
to see if I could actually hit you guys
doodles bye guys hold on wait don't
leave yet that joke was a knee-slapper
ain't no bones about it
we're gonna leave everybody self now so
our life has come down to this it's one
of the life's biggest decisions which
said to get for the golf carts done so
many decisions honestly we've been going
around everywhere trying to figure out
what shed to get for the golf cart and I
feel like this is honestly like buying a
house
Charles amigo it's like buying a mini
house doesn't make any sense so make
sure you're about breakfast that's this
again we don't know what to do there's
more aside I mean if you want to go for
more that country feel I say go for this
