hey I feel good I'm sorry
well that makes feeling better it's kind
of shitty outside the Sun comes and goes
and she doesn't care they don't want to
be outside they just wanna hang out in
here with you Oh usually the first day I
think it's just because you had a month
off
thanks probably cuz I didn't do it that
last month yeah I just put a rat poison
in my body have a friggin bang
stop boom you're so weird
boom ice fall backwards okay hey holy
crap we did it so one of the main things
we wanted to do when they first moved in
this house was get like a little side
garage for the golf cart so that we
could actually bring the car and so
today we're gonna try to do that capture
the smoke used to always do this when I
was younger you know let's do it so
stupid the hell's going on over here are
you gonna do mark catching her is like
catching a greased pig oh boy see I'm
gonna play with diesel
trying to find a shed the old house that
the golfer so that way I can be patient
every in the freaking garage to the car
who was like the three little pigs
too short too narrow too long just right
actually this was too big for like
little houses over here however when I
was a kid my neighbor had a dollhouse or
a playhouse that was almost identical to
this yeah I played all houses of the kid
talking about the leagues playing doll
houses this is what we need one of those
stupid flies were ever workshop look at
this one it's got so many of them that
weird that there's a plant that eats
meat
so we're doing there's actually
carnivorous plants out there
it's so weird nature's so pretty weird
now it's gonna die because you touched
it till he died nobody's in our shower
here Harold is okay in the
children
comfy you are so weird
that joke was a knee-slapper ain't no
bones about it
we're gonna leave everybody self now so
our life has come down to this it's one
of the life's biggest decisions which
said to get for the golf cart
dun dun so many decisions honestly we've
been going around everywhere trying to
figure out what shed to get for the golf
cart and I feel like this is honestly
like buying a house Charles is buying a
mini house it's like buying a mini house
it doesn't make any sense
so make sure the golf courses nice to
secure we don't know what to do there's
more as I mean if you want to go for a
more that country feel I say go for this
one if you want to go for that more like
organic natural I'm not gonna spend a
lot of money feel go for that one if you
want to go for matchy matchy go for that
one baby I know that was a joke I was
gonna get that for you so when you annoy
me I could just put your right is
perfect if it wasn't like that but I
know honey we should get a cherry tree
or in Africa oh my gosh we need an
avocado tree I eat so many avocados I'm
not gonna kill an avocado tree you know
what the poor lemon tree was a kid I
bought a lemon tree and they mislabeled
it and turned out thought about an
orange tree and they mislabeled it
turned out to be a lemon tree but took
like five years to figure that'll joke
oh I'm so sorry I feel like I could
build the best backyard here but then it
would all die
I'm really working on my green thumb I
swear to God I am this is like my
wannabe secret garden well except for
all that I want all these pretty pretty
plants in there but unfortunately I
don't have the food to grow and I don't
have the time to grow that one's fine
that's a fun oh that's a fun tree but
well I do not have the touch what's the
cross name in your secret garden what's
your name
do you remember tchard her name's like
her true tortured I don't think your
name's Gertrude well let's color yeah I
remember watching that movie I don't
remember what her name is
you're so full of crap yeah I'm
definitely not as well why I definitely
don't have the touch when it comes to
keeping clinics alive you know what's
called what are you doing nope it's a
minute it's got a Fife I'm fighting the
fight that night they're totally fight
in bed
you're a vandal if you guys didn't know
Banksy's really a female it's actually
ally she's been great
she's spray-painting everywhere divided
by the perfect straight bang like wanted
a deal so you got a push in push in
right there he's spray-painting
everywhere I don't feel bad cuz looks
like other people do the same thing pink
it's new alright do it nice little test
excuse me dudes excuse me ladies
the other way when I come up just hop up
there okay turn around turn around you
get up here you know you get there okay
all right so good news is that it
actually fits through the fence
that's good I keep pulling someone see
how far up you'd have to go so let's see
honestly give a lot of room back here
we're gonna want to do it play up to
here but I think that we have plenty of
room perfect
how do you feel about that how do you
feel about it now the spray paint time
begins I remember one time when I was in
college I had to you know like paint
over the walls because we cashed them up
you know being in college like apartment
and I don't know what happened but Zoey
rubbed against the wall so her left eye
her left side was just painted white
she's a do this I like it but you know
every time we try to cook we have a
little street sweeper right over there
it's kind of helpful keep the bugs away
go grill some burgers right now mind you
there's veggie bean burrito what about
my grill to make it better if i grill
two waffles and those are your bread do
you want a kale burger or a eggplant
burger kale burger dog kale yeah what
why my hey Dumbo kale oh thanks a killer
I was like now who's the dumb dumb
because why the hell not right you only
live once lost waffle son of a bitch me
and another waffle
I lost my waffle to be nice and give you
the pac-man get some syrup bitch is
gonna be the best waffle ever had look
he's trying to eat it pac-man sir I need
my waffle what does pac-man say when he
wants a waffle waffle waffle waffle
waffle waffle so I make the food ally
makes it look awesome
no alley actually was over here making
cauliflower mashed potatoes a big
cauliflower mash if you guys ever
noticed that I get a little goofy at
night it's the medication every time I
take it it just makes me very loopy and
zag like it's kind of like jumping I
think it's like a big drum I refer to
that all the time when it's like the
only way I can really describe well I'm
just finishing up everything right now
over the wok that you just now watch I'm
going to kind of watch a movie with Ali
and just kind of relax is day one of the
chemo my stomach kind of sucks
but I'm doing okay it always comes and
goes as further we go with this so thank
you guys so much for all the love and
support and we will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a good night yes
hey that's like crazy
I can't believe I'm filming us right now
stop staring though it's one of those
things like I know this is so wrong hi
hands spread fingers oh my gosh let that
poor dog go
