good morning Internet so two things are
gonna be happening today one gonna be
fixing this up and two recording bass
tracks for the new album series what I
love the Internet I can be in the
comfort of my own home and still record
the new album I got my little device got
my computer we got my bass I got the
tracks in my brain so I just gonna lay
them down as a fun little thing I'm just
gonna keep the camera rolling
you guys gonna hang out here and
remember I'm recording a Cloverfield
coming so I thought it'd be kind of fun
to be kind of like a fly on the wall
while I'm recording this that way you
guys are like deeply a part of this
album just like the last album so I'm
gonna record a track for from here to
Mars for the new album I knew you'd come
in here still not done the base student
this is going to be the base for the
fifth album by the way though the
easiest way for me to do this well I'm
gonna fly to California or get stuck in
out like a studio four hours is
basically just get like a relay and just
use Adobe Audition or like anything like
actually even as simple as GarageBand
and basically just plug in the bass and
plug in the computer and what's the bass
it's kind of nice because once the base
is in a computer you can actually adjust
like you know effects on bass very
easily versus a guitar you know you have
to have the perfect tone through it like
a peds it's gonna make my life a little
easier doing this here so I believe last
year I did it at the voice a dinner
studio and I don't live there anymore so
just kind of the results back from
what's going on with Diesel's here so
I'm gonna go in and check to the vet to
see what's going on and then the little
things that get all worried about last
sick I'm gonna see what they suggest if
they think you need to come back in and
we need to run more tests
we'll see we'll figure it out but I'm
gonna go ahead and go get those results
now as I'm playing this I'm gonna try to
teach you guys how to play the song so
before the song is even out you'll know
how to play it
so that's a song I got to do alright
before I do this it felt like super
uncomfortable because everything's such
a mess right now time to clean up first
and then I'll record an album we got the
results back from Diesel's
ear and apparently he has he's obviously
extremely extremely infested with
allergies that's a terrible thing to say
but I guess he had four different
bacteria in his ear which is so crazy to
me and they said that's why they
couldn't figure it out a bunch of
medication to see if this is going to
help they said that if this particular
medication doesn't work they have
another alternative that they're gonna
use on him and that and if that doesn't
work then we're gonna have to go back to
the drawing table but in regards to
basically what we were talking about in
regards to the attitude they said right
now let's see if this works because it
could be anything irritated from his
ears and hurting and feeling like crap
and you know that could be the reason
for the mood swing and for them we
change so let's be hopeful let's be
really helpful and I feel a lot better
about it
these past two days have been a little
crazy with jar and now a diesel and you
know I just you gotta be helpful you
gotta be positive and you gotta take
care of yourself and so I sense diesel
can't take care for himself I'm going to
be taking care of it much better now I
can record I feel like this was me just
procrastinating everything you know like
when you have to write a report you're
like oh wait look how you can fit now
you're welcome all right you guys ready
to do this really nervous right now the
first song that we're gonna be recording
for the album was called from here to
Mars
I believe it's what's called and the
reason why I switched around is because
I know if I look at the 3/4 I screw up
every single time so if I do this and I
look somewhere else
I'll do better right cuz you're always
trying to be perfect and you're looking
at the computer and then you're
distracted so my advice is look away
somewhere else alright it's according
pause boss this is what sucks about
doing this for yourself
record record e AE is what's gonna do
it's pretty simple hey Becky hold this
we're gonna fill it up single a perfect
example screwing up that was me screwing
up playing the wrong notes not gonna be
perfect
alright sorry again e c-sharp up
again this is what it's like being a fly
on the wall when you're in the recording
studio even in somebody's room recording
just a lot of screw-ups
hey the C sharp D a EB but if ur e it's
always the simple sort of riffs that
 you up the most all right
they're no good
whoa and I just want to address yeah I
know it sounds like complete when
the bass is just going like but once
it's all together I'm going to show you
the pieces and the layers and how it
works together and I'm going to show you
that it does work to see I'm was messed
up stop look at all here's the funny
part
that image right there just happen every
time you listen this song is going to
pop in your head and you're welcome now
we put it all in there
right
I'm you
I just realized I almost just played the
whole song for you guys I burn down
through that see what I have to do now
is that just gotta export the mp3 of
just that base track and send it to our
producer over in California where Travis
has been doing the vocals and then they
mix everything together with all the
stuff that everyone else has and then
they make a song and that's where songs
come from from bedrooms by yourself or
with other people so to keep the album
kind of a surprise the rest of the album
I don't want to play anymore on here so
I'm gonna go do that now in the privacy
of no vlogs so no more cameras I'll be
back
look at these turds we got a bunch of
turds out here got a bunch of turds look
at all these turds you don't go inside
see outside your turd so there's one
there's two or missing one check that
bag a little harder my little cookie I
don't want to go fish in here are you
under here you are you so your face is
so creepy come on you sure the hell back
to this okay I was like Charles I think
you need this I feel like a roadie or
four I don't even know who I feel like
it should be like you're a roadie for
like a Disney pink mullet pony you look
so pretty
beautiful I love it it's so pretty I
have lice you know there's like the
fanciest most snobby looking horse I've
ever seen
you'd look snappy zero slope going don't
judge me
do you hear me the Kings
yeah
that's funny that actually makes me
smile a lot that's really funny
I don't think it ever actually happened
to me got into a spray-on store and had
my band actually was playing in the
radio right good going on another dog
we were not building in the
we get a baby helicopter they love those
things
I mean an indoor helicopter doing our
research trying to find some more games
don't play that game they will do mad
next time if you guys didn't know
episode 4 me versus you gaming is now
live and we're just doing some more Oh
Mario Party just basically doing some
more recon for the next episode we need
to get Mario Party and then we can just
get their friends over cause it'll be a
good Mario ally and I are going on a
complete movie spree right now I love
movies you want this what the little
panda want the little panda every time
we go through the best my little check
out thing and it goes beep beep beep
Ally for some reason they're always
beeps and I just always tell them that
that she stole it and I always get
freaked out when I know I didn't even do
anything we just got a crapload of
movies thanks to price magic shop smart
price match movies for the cost of
filing maybe to buy 500 guess I'll
high-five you well alright Internet so
as you can see right now on the screen
that episode for me versus you gaming is
out live so you can go check it out you
can click here on the screen or link in
the description or just go to
youtube.com slash Charles Trippy and see
who won this week
so don't forget to subscribe you guys
are brand new and go check it out hope
you guys enjoy and we will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
doodles bye guys
my last name was Holly
okay now you can move it remember I
think we're doing it right good figure
it out first they
