good morning Internet time to start
today at the hospital for an MRI checkup
yay I was doing editing so I could fall
asleep in the MRI machine right see poof
go fast small space possible sir all up
in a little ball I can be able to
backpack keep your yarn through and then
use as a pillow so that was what I
learned don't let people see Boy
Scouts
basically the initiations you have to
sleep in the airport forgive that merit
badge this is where I usually go and as
you can see it's turned on and we should
not go in there right near here actually
good door so that's the MRI machine that
you guys normally never get to see the
thing is though magnets and it goes
around on a brain several times got
holes in my head
as David go David last time you don't
want to did this my face it's me
my dad got lost video it's getting lost
Wow he always gets lost even though I
hate hospitals
this is one of my favorite things they
have hand sanitizers everywhere
everywhere yeah it's been two months I'm
thinking the two month thing better than
every month I can't do this this is
worse than flying for a show there's
staple guns the drawers check the
drawers oh we got two blankets my kit
needles and springs oppression over that
one
all right put your legs I'm gonna try to
bend your leg I don't want you to let me
okay okay I'm gonna tell you four words
kept
pencil and chair captain table pencil
same on both sides
Olle
okay now you can move it remember figure
out first there you go only took five
tries and you're supposed to touch your
nose specialty medicine right everyone
right now we have some good news guys
that's 2014
thank you dink-dink
kairyushin Noah Noah to be like Dragon
Ball Z so everything is nice and stable
and I got to show you something float on
this is the beginning right here of the
chemo back in the day and this is it now
that's a very start
that's bad that's still not cool but
it's better what do you get I don't know
one exclusive oh my god said brunch I'm
gonna have to fight you now the order
breakfast or lunch Victor one thing mom
I'm a brunch so I got a little bit of
syrup on my pants and I can't wait to
see what Marla is going to do when she
discovers that what dog this one to find
Tyson you're gonna find the syrup first
you're a big old silly dog the only walk
he walks like the Cloverfield monster
that's how he walks I know it's hard to
know poor guy but doesn't he he walks
like the Cloverfield monster but a week
or two Kobe had surgery on his ear it's
a little swollen
I'm thing poor diesel had okay
can I not show your little scar had to
drain what was it called hematoma he had
a poor hematoma is ear over that port
here sorry Colby
ain't nobody gonna call you 1d one your
onesie
we got one D in 1c explaining what just
happened today as you guys saw from the
videos and the photos the thing is nice
and stable it's unnecessarily shrinking
and it's definitely not growing so it's
nice and state what's this broke what
the doctor wants to do finish out the
year with the chemo so all the way up to
December and with an MRI every other
month like we've been doing this entire
year and then at the end of the year we
want to try to take off chemo the entire
year and fingers crossed you know the
thing just disappears or stays stable
without the chemo that's the ultimate
goal without having to do the chemo
every month you don't want to be out of
crap it sucks you have no idea huge sigh
of relief right now all month you get
incredibly scared up until the MRI it's
the unknowing crap yeah so that's the
amazing news today I'm so relieved I'm
so happy I'm so thankful
she's happy we have a dinosaur stand
offered over there yep there they go
I think ones show us the other one can
do more push-ups
she was playing Angry Birds way too much
for the last movers you gaming were
originally planning on doing a ps3 game
or is it over there
I so there's apparently a workaround I
just finally got it today so hopefully
for the next movie verse you gaming can
do all the classic the place in three
games so there's a splitter and I guess
it like completely sites out the
PlayStation 3 more oh I got to actually
work now that I try to clean this dress
yep there's one just laying out there's
two it's shut up here once it going to
golf cart slow and steady
they're breaking every rule of traveling
and it's ruling
so normally you know Zoey's plate and
she actually sits up but right now she's
like laying down but it is what I want
to show you the most that's how she's
keeping your balance you cannot believe
the sigh of relief that I'm feeling
right now I just want to say thank you
so much for all the encouragement
yesterday it was so nice especially when
I was like sitting there before giving
the MRIs getting really super nervous I
was just going through Twitter in the
comments and you guys are amazing
anyway if you guys are brand new to
these videos don't forget to click the
subscribe button so we can see you guys
every single day and have a great night
oops I guess also don't forget to click
like the night before and it was on my
place
thank God I made sure to watch worthy
way I did not want to go
back
you are very tired
I literally taken by I though of your
car
do they have a doctor appointment well
because if you guys have noticed I
didn't have to do chemo as much they're
kind of doing hopefully every other
month so we got a checkup
everything's going and then we collect
in tomorrow
