zombie good morning Internet being
really really good morning Oh as long as
as a zombie she's not even walking
straight so it appears because of all
the rain that's we are delayed right
three hours so basically what's gonna
happen is we have to bat my eyelashes I
think it's gonna work it'll it can I
please get on that plane sir yes
something in your eye
nope I just need to get on a plane
fingers crossed otherwise we're getting
home super freakin late I totally worked
I batted my eyelashes actually not no
kidding it's flight was completely
delayed it hasn't even taken off but I'm
gonna tell you take credit for it
that's one way to do it I love that this
is your head your stuff Ali's like super
nervous because of the famous chef right
next door and she doesn't only one say
hi this is like don't be too loud like
anyone's gonna hear me talking right now
for an entire hair for it it's Robert
Robert Irving
Irvine
sometimes like just sitting in the
airport or just on the plane like just
keeping your ears open you hear the most
ridiculous conversation or yeah like
something also some of the things you
just said dumbest things there's one
can't remember yeah you said the pit of
kitchen sink there's a gay guy walking
funny
yeah he talks a lot
the one of the ones I believe was pilot
talking about getting drunk the night
before her and that he was hungover yeah
it was like you guys remember I was
vlogging that one and it wasn't on my
plate thank God I made sure to watch
where he went
whoo I did not want to go on his plane
cold tired I literally can't keep my
eyes on your child I love you joy was
beautiful because they have a doctor
appointment tomorrow because if you guys
have noticed I didn't have to do chemo
as one they're kind of doing hopefully
every other month so we're gonna check
up so yeah what did they wanted to do
was just kinda see how everything's
going and then we go back in tomorrow to
see what the next step is
go from that it might be like no BAM
I came on the plane
who are you
did we just sneak in this house I saw
the bad things you did Zoey is this it
Zoey
yeah it's right there yeah it yourself
it's weird we got a really make dog toys
that are not you here
come on tactical sad is over there okay
don't leave don't take them please Oh
guys I love lamp laughs I love table
I love speaker I love couch I love stool
cold air cold air I love cold air look
at my face look at this it's horrible
if I look as bad as I feel I am so sorry
you're watching this video right now
this club right now oh I did promise you
cookies I'm so sorry
a little whale big ears thank you well
if you missed it it's yours take it to
your spot I mean I love traveling it's
one of my favorite things in the world
but I love coming home just as much
Bills Bills Bills junk now that's true
I don't know we're gonna try and get
adjusted and then Monday mo we have a
doctor's appointment so we're just
keeping our fingers crossed everything
goes well so we have a hold on first off
I know it's dark out I just woke up
beautiful sleep beautiful nap but we
have a little special guest
look it is hey what's up - hi yeah hang
out I just couldn't give my body to wake
up it was just so tired well right now I
feel great I'm confused because I don't
know why it's nighttime right now it's
kind of like going over to Japan and
coming back and just being completely
confused sometimes own tomorrow we go to
the the doctors tell you another MRI
because you know we do them every month
but lately we've been doing them every
other month just to live life a little
bit more and ruin tomorrow
last month they actually didn't have us
on chemo so it's like the first month
but it actually skipped a month so
obviously I'm always nervous when I go
do these things that told you guys like
a million times I know everything is
gonna be fine but it's just just me
venting but it's always just like a
million-mile a dingleberry I know this
is just me having a good time right now
okay that's serious time yeah tomorrow
we're going to go get the MRI again back
so we first we kind of like laying low
today because it's been traveling well
could've been just like you know like a
4 6 hour like trip turn it into a 12 or
13 hour trip we did the red-eye so we've
had enough time to exact home you know
and rested for tomorrow hey don't go in
that house don't go that hey come in
here I'll help you out girls like
serious talks to turn into dingleberry
talks all right do you not hold me
legally responsible for any harm for
this legal
it's legally binding like yes you gotta
commit to everything okay now lean
forward Mike just has one of these in
the house of summer don't look so sad
Zoey so one of the tries a little bit of
an expert sorry that actually that was
the experiment
I know super cheesy did you yawn tell me
in the comments below it is so nice to
just you know chill not on hardwood
floor like an airport or something
stupid like that anyway so I just want
to say thank you so much for watching
today's video I hope you enjoyed it I
know a lot of it was travelling and it
sucks trust me it sucked but it was
totally worth it if that means came to
vlogger fair I hope you guys enjoyed
this old virtual adventure to Seattle
with us I don't know what that meant
I'm still out of it so tomorrow I
already told you is the MRI crap and I'm
just kind of chilling watching some
movies and TV shows and documentaries
from a complete nerd I don't know I'm
trying to keep my mind off the things
because I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
sugarcoat not gonna lie and say that I'm
not scared because every time I go to
one of these things I always freak
myself out not because I think something
bad is happening it's just I don't know
this is my brain is this very
imaginative nor do we all find but I
kinda live just being honest with you
guys saying like oh I'm not scared of a
big tough guy I'm not pop I don't know
I know I just need to like chill and
relax and I think of things and take you
guys advice and by the way thank you so
much for all that advice I read all your
comments read all your tweets you know
put replies and they all mean a lot
thank you so much I really I just I want
to make sure that's known and actually
one last thing before you guys go click
that little like button so that way I
know you guys liked it and we will see
you guys tomorrow as always have a great
night I guess we're gonna contribute to
this mess if you want to take a photo
with my gum I know it's gross I'm gonna
put it right on top of this little blue
guy right there right there you can
officially now clone me I don't I would
not do it what wannabe is too much coach
seriously what he did that I went
through your system and it was on the
whole time like recording
