all right first person sees each other
wins I'm definitely in the lobby oh ok
you earn cons to your trucks on your
feet and you have your block ever out
and you have your new I KGB has like
you're going that way Sian desert and I
saw your hair like with them quickly
hide seek more often yeah no woman no
cry no woman no night not lemon up guy
will go under it and then the Susan
explode you have to try to run out
before the water lands on you
dog let's get kind of close I win I win
I win the game get out of the mountain I
told you about with garl here we r
walker fans that were having fun fuller
vlogging dude slide down that okay no
why do you do everything I say to do
star you cannot what shade did it even
get along in that picture yeah their
face you know I I'm waiting to do that
cool okay guys your goodbyes try to get
a picture wait you know it's analyzing
your shoes Charles oh my god jeepers no
there we go but there you guys are the
team you look how well now look I'm so
sorry I'm you tie your shoe it was
analyzing photo this is how people go
blind I'll stay there stay there I feel
like this the case is dangerous oh well
I forgot to moisturize no you can even
take that as your background this is
what it looks like inside of it so
there's currently building an astronaut
that's the base layer right there
it's joke time guys what this spider
will save some man swinging an access
web quit hacking up my network get a big
good dad one day what a dad joke I'm
petrified right now so look who it is
our awesome friends this is our handlers
are security yeah actually they've been
kicking butt today you know breaking
those is breaking arms
come on I want you guys me a little
friend I'm Sofia right and Hayley hello
what a vlog next time they can vlog
this one's too heavy should we give this
back what do you think nope she's not
gonna back want everything I know okay
we're gonna see blinks first 21 Jim 35
what do you like yeah yeah I have this
fan
and
hi this was our muscle the whole day
today his name is JJ and maybe I don't
know if you recognize him right now
fully clothed right yeah just you slob I
don't know wonderful 18h one dating
naked that was him enemy just I'm Justin
on the show with jay jay however you
want to know me whatever you want this
is making you bothered right now not all
ready return to say thank you to him and
these lovely people over here for
kicking ass for the entire day at
blogher bear some last meal in Seattle
good and by the way she almost ordered a
chicken dish accidentally by accident
right right it was really nice it was
totally accidental it was accidental
people she almost broke damla saw that
on time it's all smudgy there we go now
in clean seattle last day in seattle
thank you lance and Hayley are showing
us the place to go I think I look this
what is that what are you doing get out
of my face agent you are like the
epitome of Seattle right now you got it
flannel and the dreads we're not know
where are you from before we leave want
to say bye to logan and Shay worse food
we're just checking out the train tracks
because you got to do that every once in
a while just check out the train tracks
I don't know if you guys remember this
place this is where hempfest was last
year we're here so we wanted to go check
it out again remember we took the photos
here I do I mom buddy the out all we
want to see you it's the Seattle seals
yes yeah it's coming closer there goes
our knees went under it's a giant fish
not about it love that he's just hanging
out it's like pie comes down here people
and food yeah wrestle him yeah I just
thought that like I want to jump out
there like resolute go get them I don't
know why I did look at this incredibly
creepy statue especially with all the
lighting what oh yeah atreya oh just
gonna suck now we gotta go to the
airport Oh Dex this swamp of sadness
contest I just wanted to say thank you
for watching today's video having a
blast vlogger fair was so fun and I am
so happy to meet all you guys and before
we go I just wanted to say
I love you guys I really do I really
honestly do it's just you guys every
time I go to these things are really
kind of kind of like green stills why I
make these videos and you know there's
always gonna be a bad day so really
great day so those crappy days and
coming to these things you guys really
do help make me want to continue to do
these videos because you're such an
inspiration I know it sounds corny but
anyway I'm going to go out with Seattle
saying good night we're going to
contribute to this mess if you want to
take a photo with my gum I know it's
gross I'm gonna put it right on top of
this little blue guy right there right
there you can officially now clone me I
don't lie would not do it what wanna be
is too much coach
love it
seriously what if you did that and I'm
like wait for system and it was on the
whole time like recording
