well good morning Internet feel like
lately we're always starting the vlog in
a car I'm with this one you know you
always say hello like that I don't know
why I feel like you do at every single
time I think your voice is always like a
higher pitch whenever you sing a little
missus ever Wow no so we're gonna be
heading where exactly are we heading to
I think it's like okay so we're heading
to Ocala and you guys will find out why
we were heading you to Ocala very
shortly so probably like an hour and a
half but they'll find out in about an
hour now if we're just technically like
one clip from now so hey guys so you
kind of caught me in the middle my
jumping-jack a part of my work so haha I
gotta push
alright um yeah so how's it going I'm
just gonna stop yeah I was just really
awkward I just burned 800 calories and
my run and my workout so high five and
now I've got a nice little salad gotta
eat healthy got a stay fit that's my
obsession lately I don't love you guys
no I think you guys know I have a very
addictive personality when I do one
thing I don't do is just like a little
bit I do it to like an extreme amount
cleaning like if I start cleaning I just
cannot stop cleaning until I do all the
cleaning exercising the same way
vlogging that's probably a big that's
probably the biggest one Florida isn't
completely flat we've got heels we've
got Georgia Georgia we were coming over
this hill right there
well you can't see we're right back
there and we're like oh my god that's
really pretty
literally
that's like this big there's our health
right here to see this little Hills you
come over the hill here it's the almost
beautiful blush you go burning out right
here with heart Mountain oh my gosh this
is crazy
I'm gonna send it on this road trip
right now that we're taking that it's
gonna be all of Christmas music oh my
God look at these mountains Kaitlyn
we're in the news lately this light has
been dying and like flickering and it's
been driving me nuts because you know
like what I'm blind
darris they blinded by the light come on
you know how to do it but I would be
editing or be sitting over there
watching TV or just chilling somewhere
and all of a sudden and start flickering
it was it freaks me out because like the
poltergeist stuff so I don't even know
how are you supposed to get rid of these
LED things I didn't actually think LED
lights dehyde I thought they'd have
lasted for years I thought that was the
whole selling point of LEDs yeah if I
give you this just replace the whole
 thing so I guess this whole
thing
are you guys ready for the surprise
angel beans no baby Lyla I'm just
hanging out to tell them doing we are at
Carly's mom's house it is absolutely
beautiful it's on all this land and are
you ready for this
I don't know if I'm doing this right
like honestly am I supposed to just have
to buy an entire light can I just
replace the bulb like every time I come
here I learned something too that's the
important thing
it's like every day you learn something
new like for some of these people right
now when I'm walking around with a
camera they're laying some nuke that I'm
nuts or that there's something do this
whole time
Oh hot dog shop get there so Craig and
it's like 31 years my ass okay I think I
found it actually it's pretty cheap
something like 15 bucks I thought for
sure replacing the whole thing is going
to be kind of a pain so we're about to
get the full tour okay on the most
souped-up thing I've ever seen in my
entire life
Charles be ready now okay here comes the
poor wheelie part
this is ugly sucker Lake something made
there I'm not getting more golf carts
than there it is cars
you'll all turn into solid golf carts
and they trick them out so they'll be
fighter troughs let's see if we could
find a fancy
so I completely forgot that I made
thank God it's here they made this last
ones last year made this it's basically
one of those things that even water of
the tree while getting water everywhere
and they're usually I don't know like 20
bucks or something like that so I
thought it'd be more fun to make my own
and I didn't know where it was and I
remembered it was in here they just
brought a lot of things in here about
lots of extra CTFxC merch you know I
should do but just to give excuse we
should do some sort of giveaway on the
live show or something
the only problem is getting everyone to
have the right sizes but I think we
should do that maybe I'm one of the live
shows we'll talk about maybe in
Wednesday's live show so they have fans
I play every single night right 360 the
only time that they close down is when
camp it freezes at like 6 o'clock you
wouldn't lose your all these cars will
be gone it'll be solid golf carts and I
don't be
watch this hey Zoe Zoe hey demon dog
time to see white all the other ones in
yellow Shh oh the ultimate test
don't tell Holly and see if she notices
I don't know if you could tell the
difference just a little bit that's okay
though Rock here is the protector a
little baby I love here look I'll flip
this up into yourself can you see it I
feel it yeah
that's a cute girl no you think so
pretty
me I got you I got you just left karlie
and her mom in little baby Lyla it was
really nice because she's down here for
about I think ten days because my
brother is working in a different state
than where they live so he decided it
was like a prime time for Carly to come
down and have her sisters see Lyla along
with all of us see Lyla but today was so
nice and peaceful and where Carly's mom
lives is so unbelievably cool Daniel and
I kept comparing it to the keys because
people just drive golf carts literally
everywhere nice and relaxing chill day
now we have an hour-and-a-half drive
home hour forty-five minutes I should
say and yeah it was just awesome what a
pretty sunset so beautiful
I realized more and more cats are the
easiest pets as far as toys the cheapest
I should say she's literally found a
piece of plastic and that's all she's
playing with meanwhile the goober dogs
that were there and need a toy that has
like 40 squeak balls and it just even be
interested I'll give it to her on that
she's very simple-minded so as much as I
love waste and the whole cutting time
aspect it sends you down the creepiest
freakin roads you've ever been in your
entire life let's take all these
backgrounds
there's no streetlights there's no human
beings anywhere there's nothing blocked
in one side street no no it's it's just
freaking awesome oh and you see this it
looks like I'm like driving off-road
it's because I am in half a mile turn
right on Kennedy Road for 62 you're gone
I really hope that we make it out of
life
this is kind of scary when we die where
we've got weird together and we have
corn nuts almonds and cashews so now
we're just gonna have to dip eat them
out and coffee and coffee you know we
have got a cute baby yeah we got a thank
you baby boy
I love these scary back roads alleys
obviously had it more exciting days well
that's all right there good timing she
was actually hanging out obviously this
isn't a radish so I'm going to try to
walk now she's here so I don't know if I
could do it I was gonna surprise her
with an awesome dinner I'm trying to top
the boys at amento cheeseburger they
made I think that's her I don't know
yep that's her I'm gonna see if I can
top that I'm not really sure if I can
I'm gonna try to make some seared
chicken that's my goal I'm just waiting
for everything to die out because I
think things last minute so little trick
I've learned kind of I don't know if
it's a good idea put boiling water or
hot water and then defrost it doesn't
like out it's hot yeah obviously it's
hot and it seems to do it away fast but
it doesn't waste water because I know a
lot of people kind of just put it under
hot water
such a waste of such a waste of water
who is that that was good timing huh
ah yep this is why I don't cook
it's these knives that we got for our
wedding they're just so for his sharp
look lesson like literally that's on
okay so I almost got my freaking finger
off I have it wrapped up now because
it's full of blood okay so that little
joint right there go like that on your
finger that's where it cut and it got
kind of deep too so it's a very painful
very I know I'm a wimp I get it okay now
I gotta make sure blood stays away
you know it's interesting I never ever
in my life
cooked with a turnip never thought well
no I'm gonna have a turn I don't know
what turn up really is it's like a
radish I mean I know it's I know what a
turk turn up is I don't know the family
it's under is like the potato family the
radish family actually now I'm curious
where the radishes classified as
movies still hungry
don't get to dad Justin here this video
already
seared chicken miso kale something so I
don't know what sauce that is and then
turnip and sweet potato fries it's not
as pretty as the last one because if I
needed a smaller plate
yeah there's turnips in it Turks are
really yummy high five hey great I know
I'm gonna get them get better at this
stuff
all right guys hope you enjoyed today's
video have a great night we'll see you
tomorrow bye
