so I would like to say in my drunken
stupor but I don't drink so it's just
all on me it was being an idiot I was so
thirsty I just grabbed one of the stupid
expensive waters and then Ali just
showed me this morning they have free
waters I'm just to say I was drunk just
because that's such a dumb move but I
wasn't
Peter so I'm doing it on I
live them
they apply repair
Oh
this is why you can't have coffee in a
land of coffee this is what happens Oh
God this one is gonna be like good
morning so we got this cool little
camera at vloggerfair this is what we
got I just wanted to see if you guys
like the quality those smaller it is
it's the size of my thumb the old-school
flip cameras but better quality I'm
hoping oh crap i was playing the demos
you know every once in a while be nice
to like switch over to a smaller camera
like more discreet look I could put you
guys in my pocket pocket cam alright
just walk up to people hey hey boom de
boom that the boom the death all right
the door we going where is this place
yeah me two cups of sugar of you yep
here we go I had made commenting that
the reflection should be the astronaut
blogging himself for your tattoo
and look at that and the next day you
said that guy is a genius I'm like me so
Zach I just got goosebumps Katie and I
don't know if you guys remember last
year this lovely woman here was this was
in here okay she's okay that's our no
it's not no cameras no purpose I
apologized okay it's not you know
filming no filming loud over there
having an interview there you go that
every time these two are together it's
just it's I can't ever find him cuz
they're the same height look at this we
go if I have together oh I just got to
find one of you I'll find the other
excuse me sir don't touch that baby
excuse me sir security security so we
found the biggest luther king's day ever
you take a nice looking at you like this
okay what's this guy doing look what we
found the giant needle in the sky faked
you out you did there it is guys Space
Needle let's go play in the pipes yeah I
kind of want to go on that thing I don't
know how can go on there without being
creepy put a slide and that say that
everyone can go on it look how pretty
this is see the purple it's just so
that's what i was saying with the
reflection Alima so pretty hell it's
going so we decided to come into the
cold purple building I'm not EMP museum
load game I want to touch this but I
know it's gonna be discussing but can
you get these old games on the wiener it
looks like you can like super the head
of jeans girls get it together honey you
just for padding hands with babies at
shove their fingers in their mouth and
their nose and their Buttle at the same
time what sucks is that these about her
ever to play dude I know how long do you
think you can go without finding a
Nirvana poster swim Oh waily boy is that
18 Nirvana posters to share in a long
time that excuse me I really hope this
camera has good quality we're gonna be
using it a lot today so you guys
remember the Space Needle came here last
year when all the way to the top
everybody's looking at me like i'm a
weirdo with it you know and they're not
even thinking that i'm totally normal
right now
we're a little contraption in my but
anyways one thing I like so much about
Seattle is so much life it's so pretty
you guys have never been here I
definitely recommend it and what is she
doing oh my gosh spider-man filming then
there's that a low spot a man by the way
I saw what you did that was real nice oh
the guy
I can't eat hot dogs I figured he could
yeah there's this guy that was just kind
of like standing over by the sluice and
everybody's talking about him he's like
hello hello hello and nobody was
recognizing him and that was really nice
here I was wondering what you were doing
over there it's just like payback you
know hey forward I should say I'm gonna
give sartre headline oh look who it is
get started oh thank you good morning
princess I want that I want that is
honey how come you never say good money
for that cuz you're my queen what so he
did Oh No so you're eating yourself or
copy gonna that is oh boy care nature
still Zoe step dad Phil sent a photo of
Zoey eating yourself yep our video this
week yes for a Louisville photo what the
hell is going on with this world that we
live in testing this hour seeing if we
like this thing because Charlie Weis
because he likes his g so nuts the g7x a
pie how are you gonna do it did she do
it
we're so intrigued I love it here and
now we go to the fountain that's just
chillin on the floor you're gonna slip
and bust your house high five buddy
and we're heading to Pike Place is a
pike place park place I was forgetting
market i have no Mike please maybe I
biggest fight fight place no pike and
that was the place where I discovered
the joyousness of ginger beard right
over there Haley's gonna catch one she's
good I was giving some sort of pet pet
Papa Hayley right now Holly this last
year I did it two years ago on walked or
no we're on what girl we're touring here
in Seattle we just ask the nice people
and they're gonna throw the fish the
Haley
it's like a favorite thing to ever do
when we're here just make one of my
friends catch a fish this is all it is
you go check out the ghost tours we're
gonna go get coffee does anybody want
ethan Wate coffee in Seattle what we're
gonna contribute to this mess if you
want to take a photo with my gum I know
it's gross I'm gonna put it right on top
of this little blue guy right there
right there you can officially now clone
me I don't I would not do it what one of
me is too much coachella do yoga
I'll see you in 48 hours when you're in
the toilet seriously what if you did
that and like with your system and it
was on the whole time like recording and
you pull out I'd hope so cuz she's like
what is this do you want some of my
pretzel inception that's actually Jensen
they just keep breathing nestled under
face and we're getting kicked out of the
after party a li everyone turns around
except out I just noticed that there was
nobody on the jungle gym so all we wait
for the car we have decided to go have
some fun there are some people there
 mob mentality we can do it you
trust yourself while holding the camera
I got this it's got a high yeah dude did
you smell it when the kids leave the
adults play alright that was fun course
algebra life Wow how do you go so fast
you ain't quick yeah yeah good got an
idea all right internet well I'm going
to end the vlog right now with a couple
friends that Haley we have Tyler here
and we got ali and weird little bit if
you're all friends and we're all friends
all of us so don't forget to subscribe
if you guys are brand new we'll see you
guys tomorrow have a great now oh hi
guys
front of good job
I
Oh No funny do that ah you win though
good I want to cook you I want to cure
kid what we hit one forehead after they
don't have any weight there
funky bass
mus chick-fil-a they might have chicken
left Ali just reminded me lad we're guys
last time we went to larger fair and we
kind of missed her flight because we
went to the wrong gate and we got home
but if we went to the wrong gate because
it
