this is how we're gonna start the day
Alex bloating because you got to guess a
pre-check we'll talk about it after you
go through TSA of the security anyway if
you guys have no idea what's going on
right now we were heading to vlogger
fair and Seattle Washington for the
second annual the second annual vlogger
fair travel travel travel and then when
we come home we have a couple weeks
there we go to playlist live in DC so
it's just one loop VidCon the bloggers
fair go play those on our way
not one bit
another way
they both find like your own
and drunk all the time look at the
spooky storm
we're riding a train delay
I'll stay down here if I can get
something a gadget favorite blanket
so we have two hours to kill because
like international hug yeah spike is
that eh boy learned that about airport
international hub Peter that plays with
is a big playing very I'm learning got a
it's this one
they didn't give it to us guys like that
one what is it doing there goes quick
time to be 29 seconds we're totally
gonna get it you win I'm terrible
feature by three seconds
how did they do 29 seconds
for chronic good job killed me
as a cop on it
there you go oh no it's not funny just
do that ah you win though good job yeah
I want to cook you I want to care kick
what we hear one forehead I'm sure they
don't have any way there
we gotta find someplace eat as much
chick-fil-a they might have chicken
Celeste move highly just reminded me
blood we're guys last time we went to
larger fair and we kind of missed her
flight because we went to the wrong gate
and we got home but if we went to the
wrong gate because it's delayed and then
went to the same same flight but it was
just a different day that was that was
the video that we were like goofing
around in the airport and I farted on
her remember the whole point of this is
that this place believe you
memories they got all sneaky sneaky yeah
they changed the gate just like last
time having I've been paying attention
to mr. play again nobody is moving we're
gonna be only lawns on this plane we're
gonna rock this
your tongue I really did say the
sufferin succotash lybrand speak that
way to see if it's burned
totally burnt addressing a question that
we get at VidCon the playlist a lot
about like vlogging in the airport if we
get embarrassed I feel like this is like
11 of the one place that you can do it
just not care because you'll never too
many of these people and everyone is the
same oh here you stop talking to myself
given the pilots I don't care cuz I'll
never see them again although we come
through Atlanta a lot we might see them
again for Seattle the land of raining
Kurt Cobain grunge Gabe roll starbucks
starbucks what else what else is the
land of co gum walls and your beer I
should wash that's a contest igual it's
pretty cool right now although labeled
see the TVs
in battle right now
alright so here
poor kid man
it's hurting my brain
it's a great goal
the
we have finally landed in seattle only a
little bit late it was only about like
an hour too late but we made it anyway
we're in Seattle so we're going to the
hotel get some food possibly passing out
I'm pretty exhausted it is freaking cold
and windy perfect time to try this
alright so you heal the wind try a
little buffler
every day I see I'll show you guys well
looks like looks like you guys have a
really bad haircut right internet what
should we do while we're here in Seattle
whatever cool we did pretty much
everything we do a lot of really cool
stuff okay excited come back and try a
little bit there in things like we did a
few touristy things the last time we
were here we were like uh-oh up to come
next time and do it right
yeah this is definitely the place and I
got in trouble I rode the carousel all
the way around there's all the way down
there yeah good job there buddy holy
crap yeah that's a lot of floors and if
I want a Christmas tree it so bad I just
know that be a dick move though hey you
know what they should have is like
clappers like know this guy that's the
bathroom I know I'm gonna jump out at us
yeah i got a little chit a big new thing
is they uh there's no lights anywhere
this view is beautiful though hey man
you always fun okay just the interface
is pretty fun babe but just look at
random windows and see if we can find
anyone doing weird things c1 do anything
weird I'm also afraid that I'm gonna
witness something like in die hard or
something some illegal activities and
they're gonna see us recording it is
that bun up there babe we feed my body
do that bun get two buns you guys wanna
know a little quick trip you should've
deserve a day she'll miss you oh you're
probably worried honey have you shown
this night have you hit the lobby and
then you thought the close button it
takes you straight to the thing you'll
it work um nevermind didn't work going
go never mind I lied Charles do you have
this like thing don't look you leave a
like royalty
we got Galloway over here try what's
he's like a mad person no um temperature
Oh Dave Allen oh we got Christopher
Columbus over here trying to discover
America but she's discovering Cuba or
some other place actually I'm I believe
that was you the cruise place the palace
leave it to Allen me to sniff out a
pizza place it's the three little pigs I
believe in Japanese and when you open it
up it's actually a menu will always find
the best places
we're the pizza palace this place is so
fancy to give you kookaburra
derp derp derp cops are here
yet we have made it to seattle and my
clock my internal clock is so cooped up
right now so we're gonna go straight
home straight back to the hotel and go
to sleep and then blogger fair starts up
tomorrow get ready for tomorrow don't
forget to subscribe guys are brand-new
and we will see you at small doors
watching have a very nice one I don't
have I don't have you guys haircut on
right now daddy is not with us right now
sorry I have a broken collar okay the
doctor said specifically go hey what
people are gonna stare I shouldn't know
that could actually get you so bad now
so we've been carrying this cart and
we've lost it three times there's like
nothing in it I turn around others
something in now what do you do some guy
don't do it
