good morning Internet so Ali's out back
hanging out with the dogs as you can see
I have a fun idea so I'm going to fly
the drone from the front of the house
and try to scare them in the back of the
house without crashing good morning
yes
spy robot to make sure not that there's
so many trees all over the place not
back here any of my shoes I'm actually
kind of impressed with myself right now
they're gonna land in the back yard
without you being there big camera for
Ally again tomorrow we leave for vlogger
fair so we got that whole fun process of
packing again what are you doing it's a
good way to break the tension checking
into our flight and Ally for the first
time ever has gotten TSA PreCheck she's
stepping up in the flight game guys
see you bud I'm gonna go get a haircut
we need one two minutes so I want to be
nice and snazzy for vloggerfair so I'm
gonna get nice little haircut
and we're done do I look sexy very sexy
no you sound like a child I was just
talking to Ali about the drone ass my
honor and I realize now how creepy that
actually is straight creep straight
creep huh straight creep great mobile
hashtag hashtag hashtag on a hashtag
Creek group hash tag pound sign number
sign hash tag hmm I don't know if you
guys I've ever seen in her vlogs how
there was a wall here so much more open
so much more open what it's this way
yeah it's Lily who installed the dimmer
switch so I could do blind listen I
probably broke up that's why you need to
call me
I pretty much destroyed everything I
have so you know get a set you get wine
yep a pie ever
okay Marley owns that Bush now go side
what sorry she's looking a little rough
oh well ty got to Marley just like Zoey
did that's what I'm sorry did you bitch
bean you know we need that we really
need to make dog toys that's what we
need to do that is not a dog toy play
back every single time we end up going
to this place it looks like this ma'am
it's actually very very scary Brian
should make a t-shirt and it's an
optimist it's like it's like the actual
character but he's like you said it like
me maybe you should be like it's like
half halfway full and he's like the
glass is half full to soon despise back
here it's connected somewhere the collar
bones connected to this fine somewhere
I can't pray I can't take you anywhere
is that gonna be for our gas babe how
they was gonna try to trick you guys and
get a plant that's fake see it's fake
right catch to try to trick you was it
most of the news - about the mutant life
Musa mutant lice not the mutant life I
honestly think we should get this for
Marley and Zoey
they are very sure it's exactly what we
need them already already ready so you
might be making a nice little update to
the wheel side yeah cuz our wheel of
sucks sucks oh that's such a nice bow
when was the last time you drank out of
the juice box about two seconds ago she
didn't go to like you and you're like in
a time crunch so I'm literally in a Hall
of Mirrors
I can't see the finality it's slightly
creepy I have a broken collar okay
the doctor said specifically don't hang
out with people are scary get you now so
we've been carrying this cart and we've
lost it three times there's like nothing
in it I turn around oh there's something
in and out what do you do so if I don't
do it
some shiny up there then
hilarity
like all right we're gonna play a game I
think of a real character our fake
fictitional just one one or the other it
really wants Beyonce okay is that real
all right so is that what you guys agree
on all right we're gonna see if this guy
can guess it their character an actor
does your character like to wear a
bowtie the character playing movies no
your character record in any albums yes
yes is your character playing in a rock
band
yes shit does your character play bass
yes let's stop it is your character a
youtuber yes this is really creepy as
your character from a TV series no it's
a character from YouTube yes as your
character in a relationship yes
as your character blonde yes as a
character from Florida yes
no well on that note Internet it is time
to go hope you enjoyed today's video and
don't forget to check out me vs your
gaming episode 2 is now live on the
screen you can see it just click right
there and go and check it out and we
will see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night and don't forget to
subscribe because tomorrow we are
heading to Seattle or vlogger fair and
the adventure continues I read I guess
ok acupuncture dog get I of kid
no contraction just going to a Mentos
