good morning Internet don't judge me we
are not because Diesel's allergies are
acting up for that again I just get so
worried about it because it just as
years me just like I could tell it's
really really bothering him he's like I
hated this place mom your help buddy
you're the biggest scary cat I didn't
undergo his legs are you doing hey doing
huh good time he's a little bit like
moody recently they sorry I'm a little
bit much about this he's a little bit
moody recently and they got a little
worried about it sticking me multiple
things um basically don't want to jump
to conclusions and I'm already jumping
to conclusions
ok I'm going to try and come down about
this you know obviously the vet wants to
do whatever it takes to make my dog feel
better and you know the job to make sure
that i'm aware of everything that could
potentially happen or the reasons the
things are the way that they are a match
for his ear you know we're trying to
find a solution because it's really
allergic to things and you know this way
doings culture it's going to make sure
that we can really find exactly what it
is that he's allergic to that way we
could either eliminate from his diet or
we can find the perfect medicine to
completely heal it up because it's just
you know can you imagine like constantly
having ear infection it's just I can't I
couldn't have imagined it this is a
necessary thing it hasn't cleared up we
just need to get it done as for the
thing that I got emotional about earlier
diesel just recently has gotten just a
little bit more Moody and they have to
be completely honest and they have to
tell you all the potential things that
it could possibly be because I'd rather
know than not but it's not it was easy
to hear and i'm not going to say that it
is something negative I don't even want
to say the words out loud but what they
told me definitely kind of scared the
shit out of me made me very
uncomfortable but right now they said to
just try not to thank the worse if his
mood changes more than we're going to
have to go ahead and
look further into it but right now it
could just be old age and dogs being
dogs today we're gonna film episode 2 of
me pursue gaming and we're gonna debut
the wheel of stuff we just tweeted will
utilize the wheel is stuck i should say
that's actually working I've been going
through Twitter we have the hashtag
hashtag Willis suck for any time we film
University gaming you guys can give us
some ideas that the loser of each round
basically has to do for example play
upside down on the controller or play
upside down in general all right you
didn't I banana before you can go so
these are just some of the ideas if you
guys have any more just hashtag wheelset
or tell us in the comments here and we
will start doing them what's the other
thing we're doing this week where are we
going we're goes down oh that's right I
forgot I always forget myself green so
yeah we will be at vloggerfair this this
weekend both ally myself so we are going
to the store for a you sound sick so we
are going good before it is why we gotta
replace this camera I did not break it
just was on the floors I don't know I
really didn't break this one I didn't
say you didn't break it I didn't say I
broke it I just throws on the floor the
ghost in our house yeah see the ghost
yesterday could have broke it and we're
gonna get a new game for our me versus
gaming which is gonna come out on
Wednesday and we are using the xbox
Tuesday
Ali thinks I look rear great now I can
feel it I had one of those feels
wonderful just pet the puzzle cuz I feel
doesn't feel good to be petting a dog
shit because we were checking out and I
got this cute little duck boo boo boo
boo how do you feel Mimi we will see you
didn't do you mean yeah ah I need to
come up with a different word than me of
course I was this town alley I'd take an
extra out of him every once in a while
it's very rare I'll get this weird
feeling like it's just like my brain
goes dead but like that's a terrible way
to explain it it's like a blank it's
just weird so every once in a while that
happens and it just happened so its hey
Ali was a little like a stress there's
always stress just thought about what
we're saying like it's always stress but
now that we're traveling more and more
things I think it's just more things at
once it's not bad stress it's just
things to do but I do notice when you
when you say you don't like feel good
get a little bit like flushed you've
definitely a flush me get really fancy
toilet leak Denisov off and Casper
we need the part my hair down what
Casper can I keep you that's you can
keep me you can keep me David had so
much coffee know who makes me feel small
it does put about your head it looks big
texter like what's my company grab like
grab a Glee for basically you pick a
number the shake weight one time but I
brought it home my mom's like so I just
need to have a grip babe very strong
lightweight super strong but you've been
working out Melissa just finally moved
into her brand-new house remember last
time when she first moved into a
brand-new apartment Ali and I got her
that awesome wolf blanket because we
have to get her something equally cool
for her house i plated together some
sugar-free hazelnut and a bagel cutter
because the top is cracked on how I want
BBQ don't we're almost four weeks guys
we're almost a solid month every night I
made another salad
she has been for anyone I don't think
you're supposed to use these bed well
look those pizza stuff pizza stones
peter screams bread bins we are freaking
lame I now realizing how things are
coming out of my mouth here we can do a
beer can chicken kind of smart hold your
stuff like laid out or you know because
you're just gonna map but this is cool
too life's a beach baby get it I got it
for this post is a bitch yeah we're
gonna get Melissa and fill one coaster
and a wine holder after all our hard
work we just found this awesome little
thing that doesn't beyond ready I'll
spin it the thing is ours is homemade
ours cooler okay this is what you do you
get these cheesy things and you put a
bottle it makes it look like they're
drunk it's actually kind of stupid and
funny at the same time which one do want
to get
wait
yeah I don't know why I'm like always so
intrigued by all this I mean it just
looks crazy right now maybe it's cuz all
the crazy weather that's been happening
but that's absolutely spectacular Hey
mam-mams ovc we're matching heads here's
your little scar let me go don't know
what to cook 29 I'm kind of having dead
thoughts that I really don't know what
to make that's not the same thing that
I've been making for the past couple of
weeks but I'm really gonna try tonight
guys I swear to god I'm really I'm gonna
try what do i what what about cloud true
you guys did forget this out already
that Charles is outside playing with his
drone thankfully you didn't lose it the
other day because it was stupid and he
flew it in the thunderstorm which you
have anything like that don't do it when
it's lightning out totally dumb flu oh
look at you yeah lost connection that's
Charles Fran it's pouring down town oh
no you're losing connection because this
the rains coming if you look on the
screen you can see the Rays stadium and
then to the left of that I think that's
downtown and then you can see all the
rain coming down and then saying holy
crap then if you go over here it's nice
and pretty yeah kind of I pass it pass
it that's it again low battery uh uh oh
i just saw lightning time to bring it
down we're not doing the skin we're not
doing this again seriously babe not
doing it again ah I'm not doing it again
I'm not doing it again look on the
screen holy Sh look at that it's kind of
crazy to think that like that's hovering
above us right now hello can you see me
oh my god i just got lightning you dad
that was a recording son of a bitch he
could get struck by lightning right now
and he just doesn't even care well we
are off to bed char's walking around
somewhere looking like a zombie thank
you guys so much for watching if you
guys are new make sure you hit that
subscribe button if you liked today's
video and you want to continue to like
the rest of the videos just hit the like
button today and then continue doing it
from the days following I don't know I
know that was really stupid but just hit
the like button we love you guys so much
Tiddles bye guys thanks Oh power went
out again don't please don't sit on its
own oh yeah she's gonna get purple on
its foot
I would have second that with a real the
circuit breaker 00 as you can see
there's our toys over there I don't know
so Joe's one side
what you do supposed to do that and we
wanted to play video game today I don't
know
somebody but this role like up to turn
this light off on my phone
