good morning internet when the fuck did
it start raining I'm just kidding I just
wanted to be dramatic through the
beginning of the video I knew it was
raining hello Internet thinking today is
gonna be a good time to really start
afresh and have just an amazing day
started happy and it happy make it happy
hope that you guys have an amazing
amazing sunday I'm gonna go meet up with
Ali and her friend at a restaurant right
now waiting for the car then I gotta run
through the car then fix this thing so
this will be fun made it just in time
for the rain to pause for 30 seconds
let's go start story again look at the
Marley
a mini mini Marley but any time Ali and
I walk around st. Pete like downtown I'm
starting to think Ali's the mayor of
this place she has descent everyone says
hi to her well here's the thing is that
she'd be very small and I think it's the
same thing like if you were a break then
you're walking around brain send people
know who you are I'm the mayor braden
appears in their brain I'm the mayor I
am I just had to resign that you to drop
John not everybody can you're the
Hillary Clinton to my built with no the
nice thing about seeing p does everyone
knows everyone which i think a lot of
people look at that i get away but I
kind of feel like you didn't acknowledge
the fact that I said you're Hillary
Clinton to my bill clinton's nope I'm
not even talk to the other we'll finish
our little project so we can film we
reverse you gaming you're hungry didn't
you eat before I got here brunch brunch
is bullshit I'm just gonna put it out
there you mean really purchase so great
no it's fun great do it high five excuse
me I have a crepe still be elegant I'm
gonna give you half a crepe yeah hi I've
been saying that forever just either
have breakfast or lunch don't do brunch
nothing it's a bullshit time it was
delicious no it's bullshit no don't back
to her no you're backtracking hey like
I'm sorry but the portion was like this
let's do that on a table or a teaspoon
brunch stands for bullshit in the
comments where you guys think his brunch
bullshit babe you got to get a new purse
that's Ally's but her purse that's what
I've been telling her she needs to treat
herself she hasn't treated herself to
impersonate well take it off guess what
case I screw it up I think you figured
it out guys we got a lazy marriage my
lazy susan why I was Susan so lazy that
they had to name something after like
that i am going to be so proud of ally
myself if we actually complete this is
like been a decision
we're just going to buy one we thought
we wanted to make one be better if we
made it made personal to you on the show
and everything I see why these things
are so expensive now this goes into the
bottom we thought this think in part
which made our life easy if we were
walking away I realized wait how are we
going to do this on the bottom part so I
think what we do put this down like say
this is at the bottom we need to find a
flat screw that goes through an inch and
it goes through and it connects here so
it's connected and spins I would think
so I had a different idea but I think
Seth out of work I think that we should
get two screws one like through one side
one the other side connected with
separate the pieces of the board with a
washer and then connect the two screws
with the bolts they actually might have
a pretty good plan B do they have wide
ones well getting big look it's got one
on their prime example I think Ali's
idea actually might work where's your
example let's do back then and knew you
wanted me to thank you one basically
what I'm saying this is like a really
bad representation of it but so
basically you're going to screw it into
the bottom gonna have a washer they're
like let's just as the bum so you have a
washer here there's the board you have a
washer here so the board right here that
make sense yeah okay so bored right
there and what you're going to do is
you're going to take a bunch of bolts
you're going to put in between however
you're gonna make this whole wide enough
where it's not too wide but it's not too
tight either yeah and then you have the
availability of spinning it however
they're still gonna be that's sturdy mr.
yeah does that make sense I don't know
if it's gonna work but does it make
sense in theory makes sense
Allie's currently gloating right now
because she outsmarted everyone here on
how we can do this thing really good yes
if it works doesn't work I'm gonna have
to it really gonna give it up you got
our 66 sent a gift card home depot it's
how we roll guys she's not giving my
sixty-six cents off ok make a right I'm
going to go raise hell son of a bitch so
right now we are finishing up the wheel
suck for the gaming channel I have to
tell you it's only quite a and then
Center trying to get this real on here
but we did look awesome counts a little
bit shitty right now but I promise it's
not gonna look show you trying to do an
idiotic thing as you can see and I he's
probably gonna go try and buy is drowned
in a box ready oh darn it leaving for a
vlogger fair I think like Wednesday
Thursday no let's see yeah we still
don't have the arrow but I want to have
the first spin if it's on one or two you
have to go out in the rain if it's on
three or four Ali has to go on the rain
if it's on gold Ali has to go in the
rain naked if it's on black I do okay
any of those colors you have to go all
right negative the door it's not that's
any of these six colors yeah really
softer you
hey what would I say three or four was
that you I think I was wanting to how do
i forget that that would literally just
talked about that like huh you had to
it was black with what the wheel of suck
is coming alive let's tell you guys what
we're doing so before every episode of
university gaming we're gonna ask you
guys where are some crappy things we
have to do while playing for the loser
to do we got four if of bad things and
then this is going to be winners choice
and gold was what free like the other
opponent like the black one the other
Pony gets to choose other the foreign
things that you have to so it's not just
like a look of the drop and the gold
ones you're free well one is you are
free money or you are free every episode
before we shoot we're gonna ask you guys
for some ideas like I don't know you get
pied in the face you have D like play
backwards looking in a mirror you have
to eat a jalapeno pepper crack an egg on
your head just stupid things like that
and after every round the loser has to
spin this so that's why we have numbers
so it's gonna change based on what you
guys think oh the power went out again
notes please don't step on that Zoey oh
here she's gonna get purple on her foot
I'm gonna second that with a really this
circuit breaker is it yes oh it's creepy
out there oh there's lightning as you
can see there's our toys over there I
don't know see Zozo go inside Zoey
what do you do whenever I was supposed
to do that and we wanted to play video
game today I don't know if it's from a
message from somebody but I scroll like
up to turn this light off on my phone
huh and look what pop top Wow I swear on
my life scouts honor i think i want to
keep the missing I don't know how that
happened with he's always watching me
I'm Zoe you're fired I am now realizing
we have no Wi-Fi or I go investigate
let's go investigate the house go
upstairs guys the creepiest place to go
that other than a basement but in
Florida we don't have basements oh don't
worry babe I got this I got this out
make the Wi-Fi come on need it I mean
the lights can stay off as long as I
have down the stairs we kind of tricky
okay that's creepy in the dark
what Zoe ah hey that actually got me all
right I like this game you're supposed
to come out of the closet hey hey guys
toodles hey honey what you doing
yeah anytime we need to get wood done or
cut all you gotta do is forget it start
to solve it like I do somebody's gonna
come running go come running all right
never cut anything I am someone's bound
and stop you for help nope what is going
on smart they use a code yeah I'm just
spelling hear you I'm not here an idea
you got it I sure I showed you where it
was aliens
