good morning Internet I want to wake up
everyone I just want to show you
something why are you going kinda looks
like my I was like get her off me
dudes don't get up come on I guess what
are you dead he broke your camera yeah I
don't know I found on the floor you're
so full of crap doesn't even do anything
that's all it does
Marley gets everything off and then
she's like you know what screw you guys
I'm going home I feared you wouldn't let
that happen
well this we're on like week three
vegetarian meals so I think we're
kicking ass on that keep the recipes
coming guys oh yeah now and then we have
to start building stuff yeah building
something special for the game channel
so hmm you have to wait till Wednesday
until the episode 2 comes out but we are
building something cold good to switch
things up it's gonna be rad talk and
learn I promise all that letter saying
Aloha team Charles I don't know how
saved on the robot Franklin stops I'm
going to come outside no no go to your
room
this is a bad idea I know it's a bad
idea honey I don't think you should do
this I don't know oh my god please take
it down honey
oh look as you can see the rain look at
that Charles you need to take it down
now I think it's bad idea okay
all right now he's taking it down after
I begged him and I'm still filming don't
ask me why
all right he's just gonna ruin this
brand-new toilet yes I know girls I know
I know we're coming in person seriously
you just lost your drone he literally
just lost his job
no sir a tower on the search for the
drone because Charles decided to fly it
in a thunderstorm I think could have
been a smart idea not smart about
yeah this is such a bad idea no I know
where it is in this storm is like insane
can you hear about it death forgot it
where
where its bites on the road on the road
somewhere by the road oh oh oh my god I
saw this I saw the signal ah here's the
signal I think it's in this parking lot
as weird as that sounds
I think somebody has it looks like a
person go that way somebody has it is
that that you're safe guys there's
something we've had some money to get
that guy and what have we learned that
Benjamin Franklin was full of
now that the Sun has come out and looks
beautiful we'll try one more time
hey guys figuring out what we're trying
to make its are you gonna do it are you
figuring out there's a little glitter
this is perfect I think I we both did
the same Ally told you up frustrating
for me right now I'm a little bit heated
and it's not what are you doing go dark
you're so tan now
they're a dowel would you like a dowel
for your stick
it's a broom stick hashtag see there's
an egg I have an idea huh I'm gonna be
super cute ready yeah look at that I'm
just gonna push you right here yeah look
at that see we're back at Home Depot
and now we're trying to build a sand for
the thing that we're trying to create
which we're discovering it's becoming
more and more complicated that's the
thing goes on honey what are you doing
any time we need to get wood done or cut
all you got to do is thicken it start to
solve it like I do
somebody's gonna come around him go come
running cut anything by um someone's
bound and stop you and help nope what is
going on start they use a code
yeah I'm just filming here I'm not here
I got an idea
you got it I sure I showed you where it
was now they need to get another cactus
to somehow hers died somehow okay
there's okay the Weiner cactus back
there well I see two idiots try to find
the center of a circle these two that's
it like whenever we have a thing going
right there though
perfect hey Marley you want to look like
Zoey come on Marley
whoo
it's called me Banksy what storm comes
her is trying to spray-paint the crap
out of this piece of wood which smells
like you are look that's why the face I
just hates great thing it's like
ingenious put it smells it so gross why
does it smell so bad like why couldn't
they make it smell good everything else
I don't know okay I mean scented markers
when I was a kid yeah you know and they
do have trash bags that are scented as
well
shoes were getting to my head too quick
so I pawned off an alley quicker the
rains coming it is growing I'm gonna
actually be pretty impressed if we
actually can build this contraption we
are getting finished with this and
really all right we give you a tour
shower no do not spray me don't pretty
looks cool that's for sure oh honey you
just sprayed yourself with Febreze I
guess so
hey if I can get you to clean while
writing that every day that'd be awesome
if that's what it takes to get you clean
all right now for the fun part I bought
a new Joe right there the completion we
have Devin and Gilly over here helping
us out
almost completion that's pretty rad if
you guys are trying to figure out who
Gilly is she's the one that painted this
stuff she's the one that painted this
will suck oh yeah
need to get up found the drone pretty
awesome day hope you enjoyed today's
video don't forget to subscribe to get
the brand-new and you started again if
we will see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night we've been
documenting your entire adventure now
it's time to come off okay
good night alright
they get up so calm
the look on her face though what are you
doing
so she can go you know she can be free
seeing it because she goes swimming
yep things like that is off you know wow
she's got a strong body I guess great
free dude and in the crab I know I hate
that too
