you know time it is upon setting this
thing out I found out that the Phantom 3
standard is not compatible with the iOS
the iPhone and I know Android users you
can gloat now it was funny because
they're like yeah you know it says on
the website I went through the entire
website and it doesn't say it anywhere
so right now I have to go see if I can
get a cheap Android device for
navigation on this thing cuz I want to
use it
it's just killing me just staring at me
right now it's but I did get some cool
news for you guys
so you know like will not at the beach
or anything outside where it's really
windy got a solution to make my phone
into a little mohawk and hopefully now
when you go outside hoping that it won't
be all annoyingly muffled or windy I
should say that close this perfect
little punk rocker alright Android
lovers eat it up I'm actually about to
buy an unlocked Android phone so I can
use this thing and I'm being super
dramatic I'm being stupid I don't know
which one to get there's so many of the
same things did Android are just beat
the iPhone they just made a curved phone
start what
look at this ice lolly pointed this out
this phone's already curved for your
butt appeal so we're getting some more
games since you guys gave us those ideas
that's a classic right there oh you got
it
yeah how's it sounding gonna blow all
you want babe
there's a were cast we gotta take it to
the beach well I would play this game I
think the best game in the world that
was my that was my middle school yeah
vodka bars
hit on controllers how much you just get
the card pick me up I'm melting
I call my sister reliever like
voicemails like voice text our phone so
when she's in public did she hear stuff
like this hey you forget about the
vagina what about the giant wiener in
your fridge that's a bad wiener in your
fridge balls tramp I don't
much anymore I still like wiener wacker
I'm gonna keep coming back to that
Johnson gelatin dried to friends so if
you win here listen do it in public guys
follow him everything you says do what I
say friends go ahead call you grandma I
don't know how much you love her
well don't do it your grandma unless
your grandma's funny I had to get a
temporary Android phone for this thing
for a couple days heat it up I know the
Android has something that I can't use
with IFO it's you know it's
funny guys this is what you had right
Valley just took me to a fast-food place
get this little organic healthy fast
food place which I didn't know existed
are you wearing a tank top in the
freezing cold
I want screenshot it there it is
you did it the only place what ever seen
ketchup beaten one of those grass-fed
garden burgers I don't think I got my
job thank God you have a job anyway I'm
pretty sure everyone on the internet is
watching this video gone yeah exactly
facepalm that's how we communicate guys
through the facepalm martini let's go to
the bathroom that's the new nickname I
saw a lot of you guys get me Mauro in
the comments Marly martini as you can
see it's doing a little upgrading magic
right now so that way once it's done I
can try I'm hoping for a sunrise or
sunset I should say I have the pleasure
of doing this episode with me because
I'm awesome I'm sorry that's only piqued
I'm sorry guys
I'm totally new to this oh wow that's a
real big piece yeah why cuz he wears the
glasses on his neck well you know what
maybe and his visors upside down so what
there's so much douchebaggery he might
as well be wearing ed hardy well I could
say a lot of douchebaggery things I've
done a lot of douchebaggery things about
me I'm not gonna say not I'm gonna use
douchebaggery one more time just because
you said if you guys ever see my my
sunglasses upside down on the back of my
neck just take them they're yours
side down I don't know that's what's on
the back unit that's what he does but I
love him it doesn't matter no we're
trying to get to the beach before the
sunset which I would love to be the host
food network if you need and let's
ascend let me know because I'll totally
be on that I'd be so good
Holly likes food hello diners drive-ins
dives
you get to drive around the United
States I'm gonna kick you in the
face if you don't stop petting me like a
dog
you're so good I swear to God if you
don't stop I was trying to get to the
beach before sunset setting now babe
cooing this done is now setting we got
to get there before it does Charles did
you hear that that guy's bringing a
drone yeah
perfect timing so we weren't sure we
were gonna make it but look we made I
didn't brush my hair though but that's
okay looks like it's gonna storm over
there oh we got the beautifulness over
here can you guys see it that's like
great there
like he's like a li honestly if we don't
get it out there to see the sunset oh my
gosh the time is it's oh my gosh we're
not gonna make it but guys it's totally
worth Florida definitely have some of
the best sunsets without a doubt
I
I just realized that drones kind of like
pet dog kind of policy wherever you go
right Leroy behaved Roy we can call Roy
voices what its work this is pretty darn
amazing beautiful chars like obsessed
with drums Roy can't cherish these
moments guys got a church
this was the ultimate test to see if
this wind thing actually works so if you
can hear me
that means it's working if you cannot
hear me that means it is not working
I think it's gonna be working guy yet II
would not let you down
there's a lighthouse that's like right
over there that keeps going
Gary early this thing actually flies
better than the other one yeah that's
pretty rad what do you guys think about
the quality I shot that one in 2k so you
probably really like easy handling which
is kind of cool actually a lot easier
move the camera button to here did I
make it in time for your sunset I've
never known a man that was so like eager
to go see a sunset ever in my life that
was like our way together right now it
was totally worth it so this is the
final martini vision this tomorrow
Marley gets this thing removed alright I
hope you enjoyed today's video
ally and I are just taking some
relaxation time and playing some Mario
Cart some practice time I should say a
little tired though cuz we've been
playing oh wait I hope you enjoyed
today's video don't forget to ready for
this don't forget to subscribe that
really happened that really happened
really that really happened and don't
forget to check out episode of one of me
versus you gaming we'll see you guys
tomorrow yawning if you guys have
anything like interesting that you'd
like to see us play or interesting that
you'd like us to do that has nothing to
do with gaming like I feel like it's
kind of been cool that recently we've
been doing really you know fun things
out of our ordinary like going jet
skiing and doing things like that so if
you guys have any recommendations and
all those are ideas by the internet I
know so if you guys have any cool
recommendations on things that you think
would be fun for us to do tell me guys
we are we are at your disposal not
really like we'll see you guys tomorrow
as always have a great night good
qoodles bye guys whose birthday was
yesterday right and she just wanted to
say hi to the Internet sorry I'm looking
right into the Sun right now
you have to leave the way bed you lead
the way you should get those you should
get those
no you no you get those and then I'll
get these get these these are actually
really cool right there
one where rub what you need perfect for
you
it's a li wardrobe 101 shorts and
flannel demon comes with Oh ma'am
security ma'am
