good morning Internet so today is the
second annual treat yourself day last
year Ali and I just dubbed August 12th
treat yourself day which is a day where
you basically treat yourself to
something that you'd normally wouldn't
do like if there was that jacket that
you've been looking at or that shirt
you've been looking at or I don't know
that thing you've been wanting to do now
today is the day to do it even those the
day after
so I guess still what we're filming it's
our treat yourself day I'm marking in
your calendars for next year you can
still participate which is market for
next year so you're on top of it are you
treating yourself to a salad that's
boring this image is just hilarious cuz
of Marley
you don't want salad did so what is it
it's Wednesday right now Molly's got two
more days of the stupid thing on her
head which by the way I think she is
completely adapted is little kinks
anything you could tell where she ran
into things it's gonna house okay come
on house my gift to myself my treat
yourself gift finally came today I know
if you guys saw the other day when I
ordered it I did a bad thing guys but I
knew today was coming
something never a random day today
because we worked very hard you know you
just want to treat yourself
is there a counter going on on how much
oh sorry so I have treated myself to
David yeah we're just lame
we're my gallery to someone else I don't
even know this if this is a fan ordered
watch this isn't even what I got I'm
just drinking brain you don't mess with
today August 12th is sacred
yeah I didn't prank him
oh my god I'm really red there's
actually a pad for me actually for the
internet Vega the Phantom 3 new came out
and I got it so you guys can see go
ahead Dexter smart learn from your
mistakes huh so we're trying to find
Ally something to treat herself with
treat yourself if you get it you have to
wear it now that's the whole point
I know I don't need like phantom the
whole point of treat yourself day is to
just get it do it just treat yourself I
promise they'll stop saying it now guys
no more saying I'll just treat while
twt while
the TW teeth wild-ass t y ass bed Twp
t ysgysgysg why that Baba
he'll be really funny we should get
bench seats like advertisements and just
really like people like sitting on our
face just gonna look at the bathrooms
easily cupping like your bathrooms
really there's your true yourself put
your face on a bench we also been
reading all the awesome comments in the
first episode of university gaming and
we are really pumped that you guys are
digging it and we will don't worry we'll
be doing this every Wednesday and
eventually we will start playing maybe
you guys online or something like that
maybe that way be like us versus you
guys well to figure that out so if you
guys have any ideas how that simple idea
that someone actually gave to us in the
comments and I think it's awesome I just
don't know how to make it happen so if
you guys have any technical ideas of how
to make that kind of happen let me know
because I'm totally a nerd also I know a
lot of people were asking if we were
going to use other game consoles yes
answers yes maybe you could treat
yourself to a new game console there's a
Playstation like really these are
questions 17 did you not know that I
guess not next year it goes from 4 to 17
by that time you're probably gonna have
a chip insert it just behind your eye
where you can play just by blinking will
be cold with an iPhone we call again
like better all right so I don't want to
take credit for this joke but so many in
the comments said it and it's so funny I
just want to reset it what someone you
asked me where I see myself in five
years
we're supposed to say I don't know I
don't have 20/20 vision
so we're walking in the mall and this is
Hannah whose birthday was yesterday
right and she just wanted to say hi to
the Internet
sorry I'm looking right into the Sun
right now there we go
you have to leave the way bed you lead
the way you should get those you should
get those no you know you get those and
then I'll get these get these these are
actually really cool
right there
one where I rub what you need perfect
for you
it's a li wardrobe 101 shorts and
flannel demon comes with Oh ma'am
security ma'am
so I'm making Ally gonna do back past
like three months he's been using a
backpack as a purse right now I'm really
bad with alleys defeating the entire
purpose of this day I'm like just go get
it she's like no I got to go find the
discount sale items like no you're not
you're defeating the purpose babe
go find a store and something you've
always wanted and let's get it don't
think just get it think it's cold out
why would they make mannequins like that
are they all like that and they need to
put that on a mannequin - I'm telling
you babe it's what we need to get I feel
like this is the most appropriate treat
yourself outfit it is
it's very doughy Deschanel they should
hell no she would not be caught dead in
this know that polka dots maybe maybe
but no you might be asking yourself how
we ended up here on treat yourself day
look I'll show you this this can't be
real
this is what we need to get good or what
I don't know it's gotta be good for
something
diseases going would just putting holes
in the wall we already good at that this
is cement honey okay this is this is
actually this is after my hardware this
is after I'd build something with some
kind of what it looks like that really
is what my projects look like when I'm
done it's actually pretty sad we're just
all over the place today okay I say all
over the place
slow-mo that we're just all over the
place today I think it's in New York New
Yorker thing my entire family entire
families from the earth well I'm sorry
but I believe that Scott back to you
born racing Florida but everyone I'm
around talks like the graveyard don't
know okay I love the place so if you
didn't watch yesterday's video
first off shame on you second off you
would have seen this awesome little
stale
and a young lady named Emma pointed this
out I just want to show you really quick
first photo okay and she pointed out
this
it's almost like dead on now now I bet
you guys wanna go watch this video if
you missed it I probably could Photoshop
that guy in the back on this one we do
what is it that's at the point that's at
the point so Ali treated herself as per
our tradition we have to get hot fudge
sundaes everyone right now get your
calendars to make this a national
holiday cheers babe
Cheers where to go you ruined the entire
day the entire day is now ruined they
know you ruin the boat we should ever
make sure they all know
just like last year we're having pizza
as well although there's no excuse for
pizza use just like last year's gonna
look for all great detail let me move
out of it I heard that this let this
Sicilian do it do you see my pizza last
time internet saw it because it was
already rolled out okay yeah we are
rolling out dough with a wine bottle
somewhere along my life I've lost my
pizza rollin been makes you throwing pan
wine you make do what you have so life
hack no as a bad life hack yeah I think
it's bad just because I feel like it
could be very dangerous
boots upon it
that's what please don't destroy my
pizza my name is Chad man and I just
want to comment Brule this isn't gonna
work
how did ya
well this might be our worst pizza ever
but well internet while I'm in this
little box I just wanted to remind you
that episode 1 of me vs. you gaming is
now live on youtube.com slash Charles
Trippy so go check that out you can
click there on the screen down in the
description or wherever you can find a
link we've been making a list of all the
game suggestions that you guys have been
making and I just wanted to remind you
guys that treat yo'self day you can't
even keep a straight face with it it's
about doing something for yourself
treating yourself it doesn't have to be
mean buying something or doing something
crazy like that it just means doing
something that you've always wanted to
do for yourself that you deserve because
you do deserve it you guys are amazing
people don't let anyone say otherwise
you're amazing and you deserve it
so that's the whole idea about this and
it's kind of crazy this is the second
annual already but just as a thank you
for being awesome Ally and I set up a
promo code at CTFxC merch calm if you
use CTFxC treat when you check it out
you get a little special discount as a
little thank-you for being awesome we'll
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night doodles bye guys
I died like you're saying world
this is
