hey guys so I'm a little scared to try
this this is the first time we've ever
done this today because last week we
were talking about the whole taking it
easy and spending time together a little
bit more on the weekends this is going
to be our first ever one take Sunday I
know a long time ago Shay suggested
doing this you guys suggested last week
so we're gonna try to do this entire
vlog in one take
I have no idea what's gonna end up
happening okay good we'll play we the
kings this is what I do for the dogs to
make sure they have something to listen
to
okay guys you know listen to sad song
okay yeah so we're gonna go check out I
think we're not I know we lost them I
want to go they're playing with the
Kings I think we're gonna my man's
already told me what to do
that and sometimes it doesn't just like
Kings of Leon subway Kings yeah there is
apparently going on but yeah we're gonna
try this one take thing if I screw up
during this video or Ally screws up
during this video the thing is about the
one tank is we have to leave it so
that's kind of interesting
uncontrollable episode of flatulence it
will stay yeah it's just gonna stay in
there yeah downtown they have what's
going on is I don't know if you guys
remember they have a giant Christmas
tree and places where you can take
photos and Santa's sleigh and I think
they actually I'm it's not now they have
an ice skating rink we've missed every
year right what was that that was my
fault
hey one take but yeah they have like an
ice-skating rink at least once a year
and I think we always miss it
every time they do it for like a weekend
or what because of being in Florida you
know it's like 95 year-round so last
year I know that we showed up too late
I don't and I feel like we went later on
in December so I'm assuming it's gonna
be very soon if it's not already this
weekend if it's this weekend I think
it's gonna be too but if it's this
weekend this video will be the best time
video it's like we set it up and call it
ahead of time
I don't know so yeah I don't know this
is this is I'm gonna be completely
honest this is different this is what
the one takes like you feel that you
have to keep talking I mean you kind of
do you have to keep talking yet make
sure that you guys don't disappear right
now I said stop don't disappear
keep listening so you feel like you have
to keep talking and I think this is
where the whole like rambling comes
especially for you oh yeah I'm good I'm
good at rambling I'm gonna be able to
ramble through this entire thing but
yeah I don't know it's I'll be honest
like I said it's a little nerve-wracking
because I'm so used to stopping you know
saying what I want to say stop put the
camera down continue doing what we're
doing because we I don't know if you
guys know this a lot of people think
that we only film 10 minutes a day but
the truth of the matter is we wake up at
like 10:00 maybe 9:00 or 10:00 in the
morning and through the entire day we
have this camera in my pocket or Ali's
purse so through the entire no I'm
saying like it's yeah every once in a
while we'll film something but like we
have it in our purse in our possession
the entire time so we are constantly
filming from 10:00 in the morning we try
to stop around 8:00 p.m. but that's
actually never happens because we'd like
a challenge video and then we were super
tired so we had nothing else to really
film so no we filmed the entire time at
our wedding obviously I feel my brain
surgery you guys already know that whole
fun thing but yeah it's kind of it's
kind of cool because we film the entire
day we're able to go back and re-watch
our entire day and then at the night at
nighttime we spend like up and maybe one
or two hours editing and then I swear I
do and then in the morning Ali wakes up
extra early because I'm a night person
so I can stay up all night midnight and
now is like you want to watch a movie
I'm like you're gonna fall asleep and
it's just we watching a movie every time
but is she but the thing is you're able
to get up early one take you want to
experience that with us because the
camera was in my pocket silver bleep
bleep bleep bleep what is that a silver
Audie or something like that
please get out of here yeah we have to
leave that in there that's even better
but yeah so we are usually up all night
or I'm up on my editing and then in the
morning because Ali fell asleep during
the movie she wakes up a little bit
earlier and she does the whole final
cuts you know yeah you get to go
exercise I like getting up and being
productive and getting stuff done
unfortunately 2:00 or 3:00 p.m. it's
like after doing everything so after Ali
finally tunes to edit the videos which
by the way here's something that's a
finally fail I'm going to tell you the
secret if in fact you see a double clip
in a video or something goofy it's
because I did the whole video and Ali
didn't do quality control or she wasn't
home to do quality control let me tell
you why he puts double flips triple
clips of wonderful clips
awesome my fingers is too fast you've
got like 23 minutes
stuff to cut down like while you had
about $14 in there it's really it wasn't
that bad but it is interesting this ever
since I started editing with Charles I
have been I've learned like it I've
learned the ways you know I've learned
that you got to get the up to the hands
and like you know zero couples like the
narrow cutting like this little spaces
between so it becomes a quick cut
yeah but words like so what do you want
to do that like that little thing and
you check out so so it's interesting
it's a very very interesting thing and I
love it so much and I love being able to
kind of create this on the days that we
have slow days you want to create a
story that's the biggest thing is like I
love being artistic and it's like my way
of being artistic and creating a story
or something that's like watchable by
adding music and making it yeah all
those amazing montages with the music
that's her because I it's funny cuz I'm
a musician and I have no tolerance and
pain for editing music it's kind of
funny how that works out or there's like
points where like I get nervous I'm like
hey I don't know if we're gonna have
enough content today
go ahead and fly the drone because it's
really beautiful out today and I think
I'm amazing at flying my story and so a
lot of times if it's a slow day you'll
see the true not always though there's
times where you just fly or if it's a
beautiful day like the other night when
was it last night it was the second
Thanksgiving night that we did and the
sunset was just absolutely freakin
beautiful so we had I actually was going
over to Kate and Tom's and Ali called me
she was like you might want to get that
girl Kagome the Garonne the drone
because it's so beautiful so I had to
turn the uber guy back around and it was
it was kind of funny I was like could we
turn around he's like yeah what happened
I was like ah I gotta go get my drone to
fly it it was beautiful and you know
they have such a beautiful spot right on
the water it's just like this sunsets
Florida senator amazing regardless but
it was just it's so beautiful because it
wasn't it wasn't like a gross day but I
don't I wouldn't consider to be like the
prettiest I've had in a long time and
just when the censored it falls like
what I know is so gorgeous
it's all you know what I just realized
that we haven't really messed up right
now this entire time and we're almost to
the place that we need to be yeah yeah
so actually right now while we're
driving I figured this would be a
perfect time to talk about something
this was a suggestion that you guys came
up with years ago and we were always a
little iffy about trying a little scared
to become oh yeah yeah we're honestly
very scared to try this whole situation
not the one take but we set up a CTFxC
patreon page in short for those people
who don't know what it is I would
suggest going to patreon.com/scishow
here even though it wouldn't take I'll
put a text on here or a link in the
description basically in short what it
does is allows you guys as viewers
consumers content consumers or what do
you want to call it ways to contribute
to your favorite musicians artists
whatever you want to say and as a reward
for doing those things by watching or
purchasing their products or whatever it
is
it's just a great opportunity Patriot's
amazing to me because I think that it
allows us especially as like video
creators to create better content
because that's the thing that we
struggle with right now be one always
track yeah you can't you can't do the
craziest things like we used to do
thank you ad pocalypse well yeah like
what we did we actually did a few live
shows we always do live shows on
Wednesday in Sunday's actually we have
one this evening we asked you guys will
be some cool perks or rewards for doing
these contribute contributions is the
word I was looking for
contributes doing all these ctrl K
that's a good bump yeah and I'm gonna
leave that in there but there's things
like you know we can send you sign
Polaroids we can make personal videos we
can do all those kind of fun things so
please go check it out it's in patreon
so I'll website you know link in the
description so go check it out but yeah
like we said we were really really
hesitant really nervous to try this but
we felt like you know a lot of people
know what this is how you felt because
our biggest struggle right now is
putting out content that's not just the
same thing every day that's why we're
trying to switch it up like we are today
you know Sunday's we wanted to switch it
up a little bit not only for our
personal sanity but also because it's
time you got to adjust with the times
and you have to
you want people that have been there
forever to continue to come back and
then you want to add to the family I
guess this is what I'm trying to say so
the big thing that we want to do is go
and start putting on content that's like
a step up from what we're doing right
now because right now it is daily logs
every day isn't going to always be crazy
exciting because it's daily life but we
do want to still put in crazy exciting
daily life stuff because that does
happen we want it okay I don't know if
you guys you yeah I totally makes sense
those who might be watching the videos
for the first time this one take if this
one take is your first video ever that
this probably won't ever happen very
often because I'm actually genuinely in
fret press right now I'm a little tired
trying to talk I don't usually talk this
much yeah okay that's not true what I'm
saying is that we did that RV trip for
those who don't know what I'm talking
about with this RV trip yeah this is why
we're here to see all the Christmas
stuff by the way guys this is called
well it was called bay walk now it's
called the sundial and it's like there's
a giant sundial but this used to be a
well it's still a movie theater but back
in the day
kids came to hang out all the cool
people actually really pretty cool all
the cool kids I wouldn't be there cuz I
come here it's pretty amazing it's cool
you know what's really funny is I lost
her my train of thought
all right boys I got a dog I did it
again
dog I was talking about kid the RV trip
so we did this RV trip being not the
entire stop it was like four weeks was a
three or four weeks I can't remember we
went all over when Yellowstone we went
to Joshua Tree just a bunch of cool
places actually a lot of places that you
suggested obviously if you guys have
noticed in these vlogs
we take your suggestions very very
seriously in your comments very
seriously so a lot of the things we do
are because you guys visit just
suggested or want to see it so we did
this awesome RV trip so that's kind of
like what we want to do more we want to
travel more want to take you guys places
other than you know when we're on tour
with we the Kings because obviously when
are on tour is always you know tour bus
greenroom show which gets repetitive but
at the same time I try to always kind of
go out and you know do some stuff
outside of the greenroom because well it
doesn't look like there's no ice skating
rink today
wrong wrong park oh hey sure okay yeah
well I don't know I mean right now we're
13 minutes without stopping so yeah
we're topping them off at 15 minutes
maybe oh maybe 16 at the ferry we say
that but I guarantee it's gonna go
longer this actually might be longer
than most videos that we end up doing
but okay so there is no skating rink but
there are some cool little second you
keep cutting out you're saying that this
game ring isn't there and you have to
even be good I mean you would probably
see a skating rink would dog what am I
looking at you got a parking spot that's
what it is Ali's really good at parallel
parking hi on the other hand and
actually I did it really well that one
time we're already here yeah by the time
I said that but yeah I don't know that
so this is downtown Tampa
and actually look both ways of both ways
this is actually where we hid one of the
the painted rocks I think was over there
which I think one of you guys actually
found I think somebody tweeted it to us
but took the longest time for somebody
to actually find the Salvador Dali one
at the Museum Leo I want to kind of look
around here I'll take you guys on a
little there's a flamingo Ali loves
those
that's a beach Santa I guess I don't
know another flamingo Ali be super
excited right now but yeah let's see
here located go to the Christmas tree
let's go to the Christmas tree you gotta
breath by the time I get there that's
okay I think this is where they have the
uh I'm so sorry
that would have been funny if I just got
hit by a blade not cutting it okay so
this is our Christmas tree the thing at
night usually does the whole the songs
and stuff like that there's a dreidel
celebrating many many different holidays
which is kind of nice I lost that weight
where'd you go
oh I lost her well anyway guys I'm
probably gonna go find her now hope you
guys enjoyed this one take I'm very
impressed that we actually did it please
don't forget to like the video because
we actually did this go check out the
page gone
links in the description I'm out of
breath now go watch yesterday's video
and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always bye yes
