good morning internet we are going to go
flying today technically it's about 4 45
in the afternoon so i should say good
afternoon internet getting quite the
late start today and last night i was up
till like four thirty in the morning
editing editing the vlog that you guys
just saw yesterday we're also getting
episode wanna me verse you gaming which
is live today links on their description
and it'll be at the end of this video on
youtube.com / Charles Trippy episode
wanna meet verse you I remember playing
mario kart way back in the day spoiler
alert we played mario cart so I think
it's gonna be cool cuz we're gonna just
feel the play all these really cool new
games and old games I can't wait to play
the old games I want to see if I can
still play I like to credit you guys as
a brainchild of this because you loved
Ali getting scared so much you wanted a
whole little series so we are trying to
make that now so only scary ones yeah
we'll find scary ones I think there's a
fuse amnesia at last that's a computer
game all right what are some other ones
place I regard to Freddie everyone's are
they probably are internet help us out
because Marla is so freaking smart I had
to put the food because they're gonna
hang out with melissa Tyson and Phil I
just showed you how to open it now I'm
screwed she's really trying to work it
so much you too
coffee you know what that that is not a
cookie this old you are
there is guys
going to go flying your first time milk
wine right this is your first time
listen Phil got this for Christmas
present last year it's so busy we
haven't had time to actually use it
here's a random day he'll do it yeah
we're just talking to the girl and she
gave us some high flights basically
where we go 35 feet up in the air we see
God
get your hat where's your helmet down
there I can't tell if it's blurry it out
we're pretty good it's my goggle to
worry about yelling right now turn that
way
what do you guys like it you might
notice her from her roles in wolf a
spring breakers Devon was on that too
was the scene and my cousin he's got
done how you feeling great we're going
to take a picture you guys let's do it
joseph is a second this is my second
trip so now i have four minutes under my
belt now i only need 16 hours more
I always like to sing right now
dated out of all of us Ali because of
her long legs and long arms yeah
for you
we are driving down constantly singing
we're just driving down a high drive
international drive in Orlando and I
just want to say thank you so much to me
listen Phil for getting us the tickets
that's people think you're crazy
forgive us tickets anyone say thank you
to iFly for hooking up the videos and
the photos for us as you can tell Ali's
will pay for now
guys know were last time we were here
that thing was not merely constructed
looks frickin awesome little ice on the
hob was really depressed I was hoping
you could do that I've never met someone
who can do that rap if you can you are
awesome you get five stars I want to
worry or anything like that but that
house is upside down the building is on
its head I know it's crazy it's Marley
alright so we're video games never thank
you down the cute one haha so canaries
much I'm gonna blame it on there it is
really good electric I want to blame it
on the hall
never drank up all three years I'm not
one pulling the precursor to meet you
pursue your gaming
succeeded portobello burger cheers what
you want play let's hopefully this
with both ally myself we still couldn't
do it course
oh so close so close
does old man joints are working as quick
as I you still on
Allie's favorite games and she just
throws things and buckets
our
Oh
but we're playing soccer against Homer
love up homers
Oh
sure Bob I get arrested all right
they're not even really proud
you get what was your score even though
I don't know how to torrance I had so we
had to go back in the blog and actually
look I had nine
Allie's already beating me
the best
give me mang
thank you
Gangnam
I like
i'd i'd like you to sing world
then sit a little bit and I don't think
you have any more credits of money to
save the world
I really thought we did good really has
230 tickets that's all we did Ali's
reading the glorious benefits of our win
feel like a paparazzi right now it's
just patiently waiting for a coffee
keeps looking back at me give me the
coffee face she's like I got you dirt
and worms I don't know where I've been I
have no idea that this is freaking
desert existed well I you see okay so if
we're agreeing those are worms and we're
green this is dirt what is hella cream
because it's the desert just to remind
you to make sure you don't get freaked
out like oh my god am I really no
they're like they're whipped cream in
there they might have snowed the night
before first episode episode one of the
verse you gaming is that live you can
see right here I'm in a little box and
into the box right here you can click
right here check it out or the little
eye on the screen or link in the
description it's somewhere youtube.com /
Charles Trippy please go check it out
guys and I would love to have your
suggestions and thoughts on how we can
make it better so please go check out
episode 1 and we will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night I
guess don't go under there don't do it
don't do it yeah yeah whoops
where do I go 10 min help we're going to
get some video games guys I'm pretty
excited excuse you get some video games
hell yeah let's do this get that credit
card out babe yeah does that mean did a
table anyway so we're gonna get some
video games because everyone really like
a heli freaking out on video games I
both trying to play video games and when
played on very new and the game
