one two three four
what are you doing
oh boo coned good morning Internet the
glamorous life of poop Patrol I've never
been one of those people that believes
in like scooping up poop and putting in
a plastic bag and then throwing away
that plastic bag because to me it just
makes more sense to just stick water and
just like you know like essentially melt
the poop into the grass as nutrients for
the grass just cause like when you put
it in a plastic bag it's just gonna
Fester it and make it super hot and then
you throw it in the wood then you throw
it away and then that plastic bags and I
can go anywhere for like millions of
years but I feel like I'm doing my part
for the world right now I'm saving the
world one poop at a time
she's using your bathtub
yeah father you can't go under there
Marley my hellish did you get under
that stop okay you can't do that but
some very impressive I'm very impressed
but you can't do that go in your bed
that's actually a better idea where are
you going
she doesn't care she wants that stick
your mouth isn't big enough
way to go ruin the new side she's
kidding so that's way skinny went that
way
marlis there where you get better that's
what she needs
forget
bamboo root of the head
you definitely try
barely fits alright ready to play
yeah well I get they're gonna stare now
just driving around with my dog in my
lamp the wind just taking its time to go
hang out with your grandma
bye-bye to Marley and Zoey and to char
and we'll see them in a few days okay
just waiting for Ali to get back right
now and then we're going to start our
special little surprise we're going to
be doing we have an idea that we're
going to be doing for like a new series
on the Charles Trippy channel and it's
gonna be a lot of freaking fun can turn
that the internet didn't know this means
left this means right this week's top
and now you know the dog just like the
last neighborhood Zoe Marley are
becoming those famous dogs on the golf
cart you guys are getting a status
aren't you
don't know where I'm at as always
because the last time I did this Ali got
me with flour don't worry guys I'm
taking it outside girls really don't
like it I'm getting better at this thing
of course the second I bring this out
here it starts raining this is walking
of the future guys or lack thereof
walking I should say I think I said
before that my left side is still not at
oh god it's still not as strong as my
right so I just keep going in circles
now oh good and ali's calling hey i'm
currently on the glide board filming and
talking to you all at the same time i'm
pretty impressed with myself
I will I probably should get off the
phone off the watch or whatever the hell
Amon were you guys cringing I was
cringing Oh gotcha
see what happens I get too fast all
right that's what you call perfect
timing guys now I do just made it now
it's really starting to pour and like
three seconds it's going to be beautiful
to turn left Charles turn left I can't
do it
this is like really good rehab for me
though I guess I guess it's like turning
right is my problem today just keep
going left which is scary because you
know what happens when I have a seizure
I go left to put the left foot down
Charles you got it
lampshade waria don't go under there
don't do it don't do it man come here
what all right now before I kill myself
what we're going to get some video games
guys I'm pretty excited an excuse to get
some video games hell yeah let's do this
get that credit card out babe
jellybeans yeah jellybeans didn't leave
a table anyway so we're gonna get some
video games because everyone really
liked Ally freaking out on video games
eivol trying to play video games and
when we played I'm very new and a gamer
next story video games so we decided
maybe we should start doing that a
little bit more so we're going to stock
up right now so let us know if some more
games that we should play this is a must
splatoon huh we're Super Smash Brothers
but what are some other games I think we
got everything for round one okay I'm
gonna have to say no to the hosts all
right babe cusack the video game
look at Ali got some Nando's sauce yes
if you guys remember the vlogs anytime
we go overseas England mother flippin
Nando's - remember the other day Ali and
I were mentioning that we had a secret
little thing that we were planning on
doing well we're gonna try to shoot it
today and hopefully Wednesday it was at
the 12th so August 12 2015 on the
youtube.com slash Charles Trippy channel
we're starting a series called me versus
you gaming basically where it's Ali vs.
myself for now and me kicking Ali's ass
in gaming I'm having so much fun just
playing the random games that we've been
doing so we decided to do it a little
bit more and with the support and the
push from you guys we decided to do this
you guys have any games you want us to
play right now we have Mario Kart and we
do have Super Smash Brothers those are a
must and as you guys saw we just bought
those the other day it was lost footage
anyway so we're gonna start filming now
Ali's setting up the scene together we
can't move the pinball machine she's
storing the character for later here I
put one on the shelf
Ali is making some veggie egg rolls
look at Ali got some Nando's sauce yes
if you guys remember the vlogs anytime
we go overseas England mother flippin
Nando's I got you what are you doing
okay you know what you got this
if you can get under the bed you can get
this carrot she dropped the carrot
behind the ball see
don't use your corners very much she got
it sounds a champ
all right Internet it is time to go to
bed well he due back she's got a case of
the giggles Oh remember I was telling
you guys there's little little surprise
that we've been working on here's the
snippet of the intro
so that'll start this Wednesday as you
guys just saw we just filmed episode 1
I've always wanted the excuse to fail
more video games
got it now and Ally always thinks she's
better at video games than me so so we
thought why not make a video game series
called me versus you gaming and that's
what we're doing so our plan basically
is to upload a new episode
every Wednesday on youtube.com slash
Charles Trippy so if you're not already
subscribed to that channel right here
click right here or link down in the
description or there might be one of
those eye things or is over there so
we're on the screen to try Mobil 2 black
ops ops Charles Trippy and check out the
newest episode be uploaded Wednesday so
I'll let you guys know one more time but
if you're not subscribed to prepare for
it all right guys have a great night and
we'll see you tomorrow always toodles I
guess
are you still connected
there's no idea where you're at I have
very fire
