and it does seem really mean but she's
so good at ready if she misses she has a
little ya know she drops it Joey
holy crap good catch the no-look shot
did you get it
good morning Internet is doing so well
now we're back to the ring yeah so I
thought carrot treats right now here we
are in Kerry camp
you just gave Marley like an entire
garden of carrots off of that she flicks
it up now sitting around you got to play
some games a little martini Marley
martini your stitches are looking so
good though cheater eyelashes so can you
borrow your going jacket like wait a
minute it's not working if you cover
your head buddy we'll be fine think now
I already did one you're not even wet
why are you shaking you doofus
she knows how to work it working right
now sue she's doing good girl I think it
off you can't go out there right now
because you're just get around I really
could have done that I just want to make
sure do it like it's wet out here you
guys no get this good idea babe
little Tupac Marley that's why we work
oh it's raining crappy outside so we
thought this great time to do have a
question-and-answer do so we made up a
hashtag from last time was a hashtag was
it jelly Q a Charlie Q&A with the ch8 ll
ie Q and a anyway so I was distracted
these always licking look the rod over
there if you guys ever want to ask us a
question tell us in the comments and
we'll read them for the next time or
hash tag challi Q&A on twitter and we'll
scour them and save them for the next
time we got a question from Sean
favorite thing about one another and
most annoying thing about one another my
favorite thing about Ally is that she's
always goofy she always make me laugh
those annoying thing is that she says
you know what I mean after everything
you asked the question that you were
like you know what I mean and they're
like yes babe I know what you like in a
bit one of my favorite things about char
is the fact that he makes a joke about
everything I love that about him because
he can make even like the most difficult
moments light-hearted but he jokes about
babe literally he jokes about everything
so sometimes that drives me crazy so
that's like my favorite but my least
favorite thing about him which is very
strange I know that it doesn't make
sense but yeah
imogen alright so this is just a CTFxC
apparently it's for me it's got my face
on it
so says what is the first word that
comes to mind when you hear the word
chunk goony really I think funk
I don't know this went for chunk the
truffle shuffle okay
whoo thank you the truffle shuffle I
can't do it next question is from Jamie
Dooley and it's do you and Ally have any
advice for maintaining a fun and happy
relationship that's kind of stuff I
think it's really important to always
have fun and not take things too serious
but it's important to still have that
serious side thank you me theory and
communication absolutely communication
was so important to me because I feel
like if you can't talk to your partner
the odds of that relationship being
successful I feel it really slim you're
gonna fight you're not gonna get along
but we tend to always come back and sit
down and really have a conversation
about it and communicate how we're
feeling and why we felt the way that we
felt in my opinion everyone gets so
serious with things and I'm used you
lose the humor or goofy and we do silly
things it's fun to have fun and I think
that being goofy and playful that's fun
because when you're so serious it's just
kind of stale what was your first
impressions of each other first time I
saw her what was the first thing I said
it's a damn you're beautiful oh wow
you're beautiful that's the first thing
I said to her it was really nice I
thought he was super corny a lot of
people I think don't like corny they
because I go weird quality he was in
corny where he was creepy the
conversation was so funny because he was
so corny I just liked his corny honest I
think it's cute Katrina asked where do
you see yourself in five years actually
a very good question I think it's really
hard to fight them far into the future
to be completely five-year-plan it's
kind of a normal thing yeah but here's
the thing with me see we're very
different on a lot of things I focus on
right now i and I'm like 50 years ago
yeah yeah future one thing that I always
used to say about him was that he was
always like 50 steps ahead if you
remember that live right now just people
just you it was right now worry about
that
comes it'll be fine yeah you can be
prepared for it but don't like
overanalyze it they hope to be more
successful with my career be healthy and
happy number one I hope to be in a spot
where I traveled and I've had more
experiences I really hope that in five
years I definitely be better than I am
today
hey live and be on year twelve on the
blocks with every year twelve seven yeah
you're 12
you'll be above this really Harry you're
it's grow sar you like the dish this
question is from Plymouth and person is
what is your biggest pet peeve oh my god
biggest I have so many pet peeves
talking with your mouth full or the
smacking your lips like oh I hate that
topping that bothers me
hey yeah when you're smacking lips all
the time so ii know i don't need from
our buddy ashley she asked to do an
impersonation of each other that's an
impersonation of me I don't know and I
like jelly beans my name's Charles and
hey look at me look at me look at my
camera look at my camera
hey I'm toaster me I think there's
something G broody going on right now do
I remember making my first video it was
when she was a little bit bigger I threw
this stick it's priced on the Telstra
Channel it's some random video has no
point it's just a video I shot and I
thought it's funny I wanted to share my
family do we have any plans for the
channel or for any new channels well we
don't want to get too advanced but I
think we might this is from Thomas can
you answer this question sure
this is from vlog attic asking what was
our favorite cartoon growing up do you
have a favorite cartoon I liked a lot
for the girl one of my favorite ones was
obviously inspector that was a good one
I love junk I loved pepper and I don't
remember what it was about that she's
awesome she's cool she was bad a lot of
the shows that I liked were not really
cartoon so like the dinosaurs okay it
was like the dinosaur version of Family
Matters
yeah oh my god our outside yeah but I
was like the best
I love dog as well our monsters Simpsons
through this day I still love the
Simpsons duck tails I used to watch
here's the thing guys don't watch it as
an adult just do yourself a favor and
don't watch him now you will be upset
okay this question is from Melissa what
is the most challenging thing about
having three dogs everything house
conehead Marley doing she's still coming
at Ally
do you consider yourself a youtuber
Charlie says this to me cause like I
told him that I don't really feel like
I'm a youtuber and he said no you are
because you're making YouTube videos
every single day with me or so I think
you're a youtuber even a year and a half
I guess they do your youtuber it's weird
say that oh yeah these are literally
rubbing into ass everywhere cuff what
are you doing it was all stereotypical
thing a dog could do free dude he's a
brother assholes use all over the PS I
said yes you definitely should I would
definitely consider you youtuber
youtuber okay next question is
when do you find yourself singing
obviously all the time she does it
literally those little hidden cameras
you guys might think they're fake they
are 100% real I just catch your eye just
put on cameras and she's always saying
she just literally sang while she was
looking for the question I just I can't
help myself I love this thing doggone P
have you guys never talked about having
kids feel like in any serious
relationship it's always important to
like lay down the boundaries or not work
the boundaries that's work ground work
you know cuz you gonna want to progress
an efficient ship helpful well it's very
important it's true though
you gotta lay down the boundaries guys
but you know obviously we've talked
about it you know and things like that
we've even more for kids we actually
created our one of our potential
children and we're gonna do it right you
think he's a cutie how has vlogging
change your everyday life do you feel
pressure to put on it good law compared
to staying at home I feel like we
struggle this all the time just being
completely honest I feel like every
blogger has this dilemma it's because
you know you want to live your life
every single day that's what these
things started off as you know living
your life every single day and hopefully
people find that entertaining but as you
progress I feel like you want to be more
and more entertaining so you push
yourself and try to do more and more
things and I feel it becomes this
struggle it's like almost like a
never-ending struggle you're like it's
one of those things what does push you
to do something interesting every single
day cuz we want to but you want to but
you also want to be entertaining for the
videos it's definitely a struggle but
it's a struggle that I'm willing to have
we want to definitely bring adventure we
want to bring something cool and new to
lug absolutely every single day but
that's the cool thing
every day every day yeah so what is
bringing something new I think our
struggle to is what we may think is a
boring day might not be a boring day to
you and then a day that we think it's
like a really exciting day might not be
an exciting day to you I haven't figured
that out though all right this one this
one's from Matt and we're gonna let you
guys be the judge on this one who is the
best dancer I think I am she thinks she
is so we're gonna have a little
dance-off and you're gonna tell us which
one's better
because I don't wanna find
stay with me it was totally me I mean
he's the best worst dancer mm-hmm that's
not what he asked
no hopefully answered some of you guys's
questions we'll do this again next time
so if you have any other questions tell
us in the comments and we will try to
answer them next time yeah guys thank
you bye guys
dumb magic tricks with Ali
they actually poked yourself with a
pencil
his ally control to remember those
some thought your net worth
well another bottle another grinding
much nicer love's ahead
we're over Japan's Rostov
