good morning I ok first before you start
judging me I wanted to fly it and I want
to go outside and it's pouring rain so I
have to make adjustments like an idiot
so I did something bad I just bought
that ok I had to gonna do drones for you
guys that you're like I'm not flying it
enough and I was doing some research and
there's a new one out that's gonna give
you guys better footage so we're gonna
do no one I don't know anyone want to
fathom doing I'm learning apply actually
no you have your own if you mentioned
that we're gonna try to do a vegetarian
for a while I think it you did it's not
like I'll be honestly I'm probably gonna
eat fish I asked you caring so yeah I
mean I really will eat probably fishy we
don't really eat it much now but I think
if being opportunity arises I'm gonna
have fish we just decided one day that
we wanted to see if I would I did a long
time ago and she did a long time ago I
was like for like two or three years so
she a year and a half so one day we just
decided we were gonna try to do it for
personal reasons and for health reasons
we've been doing it for about two weeks
now so I know there's a lot of you chefs
out there like Ali do you have any
vegetarian dishes or recipes please let
us know in the comments so that way you
can continue this yeah we should have a
pool on how long we do this like
somebody get the guess is like October
2017 well I don't know how you guys feel
about this or anybody in a relationship
one of the things that really drives me
nuts
one over here mister I knew everything
about electronics likes to take my phone
and screw with it it's the truth he
always takes my phone he's always like
home did you get this new update and I
say no I don't really care that much but
he takes it anyways and he was no hang
on you have to have the latest greatest
know some of the stuff that you put on
my phone are absolutely pointless here's
the thing you didn't want I fart no I
didn't want I fart anybody out there
know what I'm feeling does it drive you
nuts I got nothing to worry about with
my phone I haga nothing my phone every
day it's just the fact that when I say
hey don't put anything on there and
don't worry about it it's it eats at him
it's like freakin maggot eating on a
dead carcass well I can't feel the
calendar is not working
feel so bad right now like my body to
keep bending over trying to do something
and it's because of this one this one
driving right here it's subtle I will
commit get a minute when you're driving
excuse me I ended up committing severely
if you did not remember it fell off okay
hey first time driving a jet ski yes my
very first time so you know like when
your first time you test the gas a
little bit so it's like you know a
little bit like so that's what i did i
was no you look I'm do you weigh hmm ah
white hit away but I wish I not dr.
knock you off are you trying to do
you're gonna hurt before a shark gets me
so the truth that comes out I'm telling
you guys it was so much fun how you
feeling she's feeling good pretty soon I
think a couple days i'm just gonna freak
and take that tone off of her I think
the stitches will probably heal by then
and then that way it's just stop running
into things that would free this easily
break her neck with the cone before
anything else watch see she'll run into
my careful right now char's upstairs
trying to be quiet but he's upstairs
taking a nap he's so exhausted his poor
little old man body just good that he
like good thing it is partially my fault
though cuz I was doing a lot of stopping
going on the jet ski which I was
learning and so I can learn but right
now I'm just kind of sitting your
kitchen up on some work that way we can
go and do something tonight char said
that some of the best things that you
can do when it comes to vlogging
sometimes your daily life can be really
repetitious and boring to a lot of
people so just kind of thin talk to the
camera about life and what's going on in
your life okay sorry i'm just getting
swarmed by mosquitoes right now and they
know that for me sometimes I think that
I get really nervous so I actually like
goofy on camera and I am very good you
don't get me wrong but intend to joke
around a lot and I tend to be goofy and
loud and sometimes obnoxious but you
know vlogging is a tough job it's hard
putting your life out there and you know
you want to make sure that you can
always entertain any want to make sure
that you can be people that others can
look up to and you want to be
entertaining and you want to bring
happiness but you want to bring real
Ness to the blocks as well so I did the
one thing that I always fail at chart
for
you can't see it but there's a guy crack
um I did something that you're not good
I did something oh my crack the bag what
what is it she's broken I know I'm not
helping you Ali just saved Zoe so
there's OE and do so we're like sniffing
the same spot which we showed you the
other day diesel like they're sorry
she's cleaning up the road she's
cleaning up the road right now get her
oh my right on streets we've been dude
and so I went up behind Mike lamb looks
like I was like now they went like this
I like held him down so you would squat
like a girl otherwise he would have peed
word on Zoe's face mine every time I
give her medicine her eyes get dilated
like that hey
still can crazy was that
I'm pretending like I knew what I'm
singing right now guys well because you
are you do know your seat sorry no that
was a flight of the conchords
it
note that
the door couch it does I know guru
highway now I don't know ally and I are
trying to find Oh is mr. spot
gallivanting gallivanting Eileen are
just wandering around downtown a fake oh
it's video pitch video this video is
taking 60 photos in one one second I
want around keep moving didn't suspect a
thing I see a magic trick I called the
rubber pencil I've been doing this since
I was in second grade
pencil can you tell you can tell yours
go down I'm magic
see if you can do my trick
magic and we came with weapons tonight
just in case to pure stone here we got
this over here I got my bodyguard
in my ear
dumb magic tricks with Ali
Ali actually hook yourself with a pencil
is Alex could go to bed with us on this
runs like a smell that of the bottle it
smells like wine
has been different
groupon nice of love so I had like when
we're over to Japan last time I think
it's sucking
it's sake I don't know I don't really
know the proper one it's not you dinner
no no I promise I was that's why I had
to fight it that way because I couldn't
get a grip to it
my shoulder my straw is currently shield
let's just catch me put it through your
brain
ow
time goes
aly loves for kids
ever Lions video
she's cute
is walking in the street
great skills so we were walking around
then we found Janna and Randy over here
yeah she saw the beat you saw the beacon
right Toby can we come home it's like
we've been gone for years Marley you're
gonna hurt yourself calm down chill it's
a rogue settle out as you can obviously
see nothing is stopping the Marley she
took your bone dingy then she has this
little canap√© so she can just do what
she wants with it you can't touch it you
can't take the bone can't take it before
I go to bed I just want to remind you
guys that today the new total shirt
probably the most requested shirt that
you guys ever wanted us to do it's
finally out available in three colors so
if you guys want to go check that out
cuz CTFxC mercom and get those so that
way when I see you guys we can all say
toodles in the video while wearing a
total shirt to be totally meta super
meta just go to CTFxC merged I calm and
they'll take care of the rest I will but
so we get out of your plot get out your
photo on that note so i will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night ready doodles bye guys so i made
the shirt get it
you
