great way to start today good morning
Internet so this is kind of an unusual
way to start today but I had to take her
to the emergency room and we're just
waiting for her to get out right now
she's a little groggy that's our day so
far
while she's waking up a little bit more
out I had a good idea of just getting
her a nice little comfy blanket
something super comfy five something
with squirrels Peter cam oh I was just
telling Allie of all dogs Marley was the
most fricking tough she falls off golf
carts gets the fights with dogs
she what else just as Marley done in the
vlogs he's done something else she's
eaten all chocolate wait you know what
she did she medication that's what she
did she ate a bunch of medication she
the whole thing of Easter candy what
helped anyone enter net kind of think of
something you know we should get her
frickin helmet so next time this doesn't
happen time to go pick up the twerp what
a way to start the morning
my lamp
I love Lamia she's a little out of it
you're doing okay pretty girl watch your
head watch your head
a giant lamp of her we're having a corn
in your head you're still happy
she's a conehead and let me get this up
so it doesn't bother you so they said
she's a tiny bit drunk right now she's
got four stitches great way to start
today here's mine that's a good sign
because she's doped up on like 5 million
drugs puppy hospital if anything I know
what it's like to wake up from
anesthesia stuff tomorrow
I love that come on little satellite
bring us some more Wi-Fi
she's so drunk take your time you okay
your eyes are so you're so dilated right
now you okay
you bringing in heavier Wi-Fi for us
okay first thing she does looks good
yeah it's like all slobbery good morning
Marty so she got four stitches okay and
she's way wasted right now I'll have
what she's having you want explain what
happened honestly I don't even think we
know something happened over there I got
worried so I walked over because she I
don't know
Marley well basically what happened is
the dogs were kind of like playing
around and unfortunately Marley we don't
know if she hit her head on something or
what but I just split open the top of
her head when all the dogs are just
playing around
hey coincides with the beginning of
yesterday's video do you remember when
Marley went inside to the house to go on
the golf cart and she ran right into the
wall it wasn't then I know you guys
might be considered thinking it might be
then I checked her head it wasn't then
so she made it ping over there who knows
no I think she's happy look at that
she's looking at the treats right now
meaning that Wi-Fi are you protecting
your sister now are you fall asleep too
let's go to sleep and then start the day
okay you like that my fake rooster we
don't have a rooster movie magic
we got a door like a long time ago for
the bathroom and finally was just
installed as you guys just saw the only
thing we have to do is put a doorknob
here is prime now so we got to paint it
one thing you know what be a little
crazy let's just keep the doorknob off
and we had him do it specifically so you
had to open the door this way so that
way barley can't barge in on this door
the one room the Marley can't barge in
it kind of closed off the room a little
bit but I kind of like the idea that
there's a little bit more privacy now
break my fingers I think we did good a
little house modification my dog or well
my mother's dog max there's being a
goofball and he keeps picking up this
grasshopper right there and you're just
gonna get sick you're gonna get sick so
I'm a little bit windy cuz I've been
chasing him I just got done with a gym
we just got a door put into the house
you guys didn't watch last night I
played finite the friends were just
really actually very suspenseful maybe
very nervous it was fun but I definitely
did get scared
all those jump scare kind of movies or
games anything like that or when a
friend is just doing that to you like
making you like pops up and scares you
it really does it gets me every single
time bug breath I'm not a huge gamer I
used to play a lot of games when I was
younger with my brother like it I felt
blitz and I would play like Mario Cart
Super Mario Brothers I'd play Zelda I'd
play Crash Bandicoot
I play Donkey Kong double-oh-seven just
to name a few but it's been years like
when I say years years since I played
anything and there's so many new gains
now and I think a lot of games now have
this like fear factor to them so guys if
you have any game that you recommend
that you want me to play I'm down to
play it I'm down to try it I'm probably
gonna suck I'm kind of like that first
time gamer but I'm totally down to try
it out just for a second I want to try
GoPro cam Harley cone camp
you doing some work there mark you login
even with her head stapled please this
is why I want to put the camera on there
just to see how you're reacting this
stuff you have purple staples we had to
get the door get the door handle right
now
we're not doorknob sorry
door neighbors
that's why we had to put the door
because Ali is so crazy majestic of the
bathroom she makes me get out of the
entire section of the house
we had to put it no I have to leave the
Bezier so we had to put it now time to
plug this hole what are you doing I
think is gonna be one of the easiest
things I've ever installed in this house
yeah I think so
thing's already done yeah you know
boyfriend's boyfriend's pretty talented
pretty talented guy I can put knobs on
doors I'm definitely impressed with your
manliness right now it's broken
how did you break it I take back
everything I just said this is like the
worst thing in the world for you that
you can't get under the bed
I know tar how did you break the door
hon did you read the directions or did
you just do it the way you think it's
supposed to be done Charles did you read
the directions I did what I did
did you read the directions no mark
Meyer no uh yes you're smart girl but
you can't go under there it did work
there that's working dude I'll go in
here I'll lock it
did it I'm Paul and I didn't read the
directions
just don't tell Ally if Marley could
tweet she'd say thank you to all you
guys but she is okay don't worry about
it guys her stitches come out in a few
days but don't worry guys Marley is fine
so I get her tail over there and we will
be going to bed now so have a great
night because it's been a freaking long
day hasn't it Marley looks like we need
to get Marley a little toupee alright
guys don't forget to subscribe to get a
brand new and we will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
toodles
bye guys
this this is where worse
