good morning Internet so I want to go
grab the camera because I had to show
you guys this
so remember yesterday's video when Ali
threw water and flour essentially dough
in my face I took a shower but I guess I
missed a little piece on my ear behind
my ear so I kept oh my dears been making
dough like you can see it's like hi my
ear right there it's fine I scrubbed and
something come off I was making pizza my
body's like pizza I guess so yeah
play-doh all over my face if you didn't
see yesterday's video pause right now
and go watch us through this video and
make sense Ally basically flowered me in
the face I think I never got a new dog
it's always being the grumpy dog around
the neighborhood what's going to
golfcart always works
Oh God Marley you could break your head
sit down look at your brain you have any
bumps on it you do stupid things cuz you
have a tiny break by the way I took a
guy's advice a couple days ago and I got
five nights at Freddy's I think it's
what it's called you guys told me I
should make Ally plate and scare the
crap out of her I got that ready I got a
screen capture card so we're gonna make
Ally play that later today
he's just before I started talk to you
guys I played for like a couple minutes
and I'll admit it's scared the crap out
of me too it's a scary game wants to go
let's do this
everyone's go come on have a well come
on everyone up everyone up
why did you get so apparently this fruit
play they will continue to bother us
unless I know it's trying to make that
song like shoo fly out of well I mean
fruit fly you bothered me so I guess
they're gonna make a home depot right
right I don't know I'm so chipper about
that
I think Ali's cactus was harboring oh
look at this so disgusting what is that
look at how they move oh my god that's
crazy they're worms or booms a result
why didn't I help the fact that we had
like 50 roses all over the place so they
could just regenerate on the water it's
probably nothing
okay now you throw it away yeah you
cactuses fine it's just the water
hanging out in the book blow it it's
your cactus doesn't man
but it's your cactus for the longest
time you guys have been asking for Ally
to play five nights at freddy ever since
we did the Slender Man Thing yeah this
one's even better parent what
no seems like the preparations for this
are pretty intense don't cry you a
little baby oh god where is it
oh fuck
oh how is it
I don't know if I'm doing the right
thing
amid Simon
it's okay it's only animatronic no no no
no put it on me help me help me help me
help me
sorry I kind of shit electronic
characters here at night those stupid
songs cause you to draw them to you holy
crap
ah
you're right yeah that's like scary my
heart is like I was like which is worse
this or Slenderman this this is way
worse
gonna give Ally a little bit of a break
and then we're gonna go back home and
we're gonna play one more round to be
fair I'll play it too I think we're
putting two and two together that those
didn't work that I think it was because
of the flower wire
alright Internet just to make things
fair I don't want you guys thinking it's
not fair I'm gonna try to play the game
if you say anything like this is what
can go wrong something's gonna go wrong
they seriously need to make this into a
movie
Oh
i attack you next time I see you dude
where's the third one
okay I know today's been kind like a
video game thing worth it though so
before we go to bed I got the third one
you're doing it you know what I told
Charles salad I was like keep data check
your cheese so I was doing her because
labor viloma she's but secretly I was
really scared of the animatronics on
there they're just strange it's not that
to me is the child's like me anybody
they did just to make these weird
robotic animals that don't move they
just blink it you creep lately oh god I
don't like this game anymore I don't
like it
don't do this
you'll a new game I don't want to play
anymore all right Internet we are going
to end today's video on that note hope
you have a great day and enjoy Ally
getting scared out of her ass if you
guys have any other scary video games or
anything like that
let's know in the comments and I will
make her play alright guys don't forget
to subscribe and we will see you guys
tomorrow
yeah
