good morning Internet we're still in
Japan everyone's sleeping still another
perfect example does it never hurts to
ask I asked and I got a fritted and now
I have a bed to sleep on you know it'll
have to be smooshed up in an hour oh
forgot you thank you just pass now have
our shoes
whose Duty then but I'm going to love it
10 hours I'm exhausted
Oh
physical friends right now
hello friend
how did you sleep what how'd you sleep I
just say I just woke up now
what because he's on
oh my god is that bad or good
essentially all day it's about to be
I thought it was just gone for now
thousand morning
romania like sense
I'm kidding
back to bed I was just telling the pilot
like I woke up a butt glue
he was tired out of the corner
you sleep the whole time yeah yeah I go
big here I'll see out there I just
figured out because right now we're
going to hell
earth and
tell a plus 30
so that's why I'm so so
trev and I have a contest where's
pitcher winds to get in the country
here's me and there's trav we haven't
gotten them country yet so it's let's
just see if again in the country well I
guess we're both in the country so far
so good now it's up to you guys internet
every Jeff chora church I'm doing it
guys for you I was a get kicked out of
the country we're leaving a bully get
back now usually I mess up in the room
here there's Danny and here's d fair boy
it looks like he's a kick someone's ass
hunter you look like you're about to get
hit by a car JJ looks like it's getting
hit by car to poor guys really good now
get out alright so now I'm allow the
film we just got yellow like piling it
all in 15 times that was the most
stressful situation I was the most
stressful situation enter in the country
we've ever had a one we're playing
number home exact same place where were
four days ago wow I think is going to be
a final play we are home America alright
guys who you think won imma put a
collage photo on here right now just let
me know in the comments who would the
goofy passwords were obviously all made
it right we haven't seen Dani though you
made it though right what Danny actually
made it through right yeah ok so we all
made it through who may hit the best
goofy face on our passport photos let us
know in the comments I think pfarrers
probably got up up there right there
lady goes you guys make funny face look
what you made us bend down so I fake
bent down and made the same thing it's
up to you guys it's kind of like
Lollapalooza guys were a little palooza
for the 2011 when we all did that for
the passes memories Oh what time is it
by glenn here
no not yet I'm so confused right now
because we left one day and we landed
the same day almost the same time
looking that like we got left it sounds
off stage around seven o'clock we got
here around seven o'clock time warping
guys hey daddy's home yeah for diesel
that wake you up from your slumber I am
so sorry you can go back to bed he's
like it's just you I thought it was
someone cool oh I literally slept
through august first oh it wasn't good I
hear was raining here wow that means we
got a real party well guys I need to go
take a quick nap again I know I've been
sleeping on the plane but it's not a
good sleep so I'll be right back just
woke up after that much needed nap /
actual sleep and just realized in my
haste I completely put in all my clothes
backward and inside out right there
right there as well I'm losing it guys
I'm losing it all right now that I had a
couple minutes of breathe I'm going
through all the VidCon letters you guys
gave us as you can see her there she
hasn't left my side he's always right
there staring at me right now making
sure I'm not going anywhere and Diesel's
right there in the bathroom staring at
me and every time I read these things
from you guys so hard whelming honestly
I'm not being cheesy like it's so hard
when to see how you guys were late to
the videos and things how like we
connect up everyone you know we can all
read the comments but there's just a
different level you know I mean so I'm
gonna take this time start reading
through all these things right now I
read every letter that you guys gave me
believe it or not every letter that I
get maybe I can't respond every one of
them but i 100% read every single one of
them as you can see they've moved don't
give me that look sir did I give me that
look sir ma'am we're going if you guys
figured out that i'm listening to the
new we the kings demos to a lot of
teasing you guys with this there's a
couple of them for you there Zoe want to
read them gonna try to read them you
can't read your dog I can read them to
you where's Ally
come here show me your buddy yeah they
love that pink flamingos come here I
think those are mine Deacon gum no you
stay inside let's just see what happens
of course you didn't do it she did it
and that she hit it and got the door she
set off the alarm we've had the alarm
system company call us several times
because she's open the door and we
haven't been able to turn off in time
just a baby is like no I'm we're gonna
lizard I'll show you how my baby
Zoey where'd she go
I can't tell if they just don't care
that you're there or they can't see you
we see your your scar everyone says
you're yours you're an ally werewolf oh
we still have you Ally still claims that
she's a better basketball player than me
let's do some cool skills good catch
buzzer in the middle so in the middle Oh
dog poop
good to hear about this but just nope
hey Cup diesel you don't know what this
is these are here oh let's go back and
slow mo that it's a baby it just wants
to say hi I'm are the piggies asleep I'm
receiving a sneak up on her no idea the
robot is coming up on her foot I don't
think I know I keep saying that's why my
body is so confused it thinks it's like
9am tomorrow so would be like two days
from now when you're watching this video
so I'm trying to make myself really
tired so we're going for a little walk
it'll get tired a little earlier what
should be kind of nice meal get on a
better schedule we got the pterodactyl
in the gazelle come on I'm trying to
I got my legs pick them up little
giraffe house got your raft legs do your
little stretch what is that major pain
did you just reference major pain you
know what we're ordering today a cheese
pizza no yes I want people after all
that sushi fish I want pizza it's
unhealthy I mean doing good while you
were not well you know what we're eating
a people we don't be sorrelli but don't
wake you up happened on my arm babe
excuse AP the cauliflower crust we can
make a call of heartbeat then I'm not no
one making it up saw part though I win I
win I win I win
we got a smurf over there hope you
enjoyed today's video it is great to be
home and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night doodles bye
guys bye weirdo head barely fit give
your brain together mine's already mush
alright so I think they're trying to
kick us out so we gotta leave this is
greater I have so much energy get down
there sir just imagine seeing
electrician here know where which one's
the blue wire coal mine I can't do it
like TV we're still going down again
come on Rose say I'm the king of the
world
