are you limping again why are you always
doing that oh we're getting some things
installed right now that might be
terrifying her too but how does your
foot you can't stop jumping on it I
think that's what it is get just jump on
it from the freaking roof or whatever
you're doing so we're getting a bunch of
smart things installed in the house
because as you guys know I'm a huge geek
and I couldn't find the cat cuz all the
noise and I discovered she was in here
with diesel just chilling in the Sun
you've been a good boy with her huh the
only thing that I have to get her used
to is she loves this hill for some
stupid reason
so we're finally Thanksgiving doubt for
this portion of the Thanksgiving
extravaganza that's been going on
between our families we still have
another Thanksgiving that we're going to
be doing with chars dad and that should
be happening I think sometime this week
I have had my fair share of turkey and
stuffing and all the fixings and don't
get me wrong they were amazing and I
loved every lick of them bite that was
gross I shouldn't say like I don't know
why that I said like that's weird
but I'm ready to eat salad I think for
the next couple of days because I need
something that's not feeling like I'm
gaining a brick or a boulder it's it's a
lot it's definitely a lot tars back at
the house with a guy who is kind of he's
setting up a new thing with our security
system I don't feel weird like talking
about it we have a security system I
think it's a really wonderful thing and
I think it's super important for people
to have a security system the biggest
reasons why we're doing that is that
Charles is going to be gone next year in
pretty much in a row it's gonna be a
very consecutive thing that he's going
to be doing with with kings there's I
don't know if you guys have been you
know watching the news recently or
anything of that sort but there is a
serial killer in Tampa which is a short
20 minutes from where I'm at right now
it's really kind of scary a lot of
people because they haven't caught this
person and I think that it's making
everyone really be extra careful right
now because you just don't know you
don't know and you and you can't you
really can't trust anyone so we're
really taking that necessary precautions
to make sure that we are safe and secure
obviously the docks are great to have
but he is working on that right
it is two days after Thanksgiving last
year we went and got a Christmas tree I
think it was the day after Thanksgiving
so we're demanding if we're gonna get
one today but I am definitely definitely
gonna take the necessary steps to make
sure that I don't have any type of
ornaments that Rika can destroy so we
had all glass bulbs last year can't do
those anymore now I have to start all
over I might not even be able to have
any two environments on the actual tree
it might be something where I am going
to just throw like ribbon or something
on the dream I don't really know but
charge told me to go out and look and
see what I can find and not see exactly
what I'm gonna do I don't know if we're
gonna be able to have a Christmas tree
realistically with a cat I mean what are
you guys people with cats out there can
you have a Christmas tree because I
don't really know if we're gonna be able
to I already kind of told you that we're
already updating or we are up in her
system alarm system and our security
system well we got this cool little
thing Aly Aly I'm gonna ring the
doorbell I think she can talk to me so
unfortunately this whole process is kind
of taking all day and it gets dark
earlier but it's actually the perfect
time to go look for a Christmas tree
it's probably too early but I mean the
smell of Christmas trees in the house
yeah probably actually I don't know it's
not that all yeah it's not that late
let's do that just because we don't want
to like drive somewhere I'm parking some
we know this keep zooming in I just
realized that was really super zoom down
my face something's going on with the
camera clearpores looking at a Chinese
your own Hey look back at me
I think it has to do with my wife is so
broken I think it has to do with it
makes the pillows or something I feel
like I've played this I could see myself
getting super struck stressed out and I
saw what they're saying is that it's her
first Christmas and we are not quite
sure how she's going to react when she
sees a tree inside the home so they also
said that we should get new ornaments
specifically plastic ones so for sure he
gets knocked down it is not a giant
scary mess
and we have a tree stand right is that
in the storage in it
all right found it we're good Christmas
I got this I think there's more
Christmas stuff right there I think this
might be Christmas stuff too babe just a
wild guess
let's do this let's get this tree
getting in the mood
how big of a tree do you want to get
this here feel like I can dance way
better than you
there there
you want a thick one there's the thick
one do you want a Fraser Fir or do you
want one of the pine needle ones the
Fraser first my mother of God only these
trees smaller trees enjoy look at this
one this is a little like a bush some of
these trees over here like $180 I mean
that's a pretty tree though
I wish you could just like plant on a
visiting a house but were you not
chopping about but I heard and I don't
know if this is true but I've been told
is that they don't cut the whole tree
down they cut the top of a tree so that
way the trees still alive but it's just
the top of it I mean correct me if I'm
wrong because I don't know that's just
what I've heard that's what I want it I
want to believe that that little ones a
hundred dollars you know they have a
bunch of them
see I think we always end up getting
like facial thrills but I don't know
this might be a year research something
up
yeah thank you really pretty to get this
scraggly bushy one Gary Harry in the
comments do you guys get Frasier firs or
do you get the Scotch it's got fine with
several Christmas trees usually get we
usually get Fraser firs thanks Bree I
don't fit in the house put it oh maybe
I'll be one of those
we need to put it in our backyard honey
I mean I have expensive to some purses
and shoes but I need those trees
this seems like one that's pretty good I
feel like I'm more drawn to that one or
I even like this one I liked that one
but that one's way out of our price
range
I don't I know that's gonna die I know
but and I know it is a little outrageous
to spend that kind of money instead so
we're gonna be a little bit more
reasonable with our choices right now
always give this one you know Bush and
I'll wish you went over there we could
do that if you like that let's do it get
the tree you wanted
not too flashy not too big where to make
sure it fits in the house and if it does
tumble we had so many things to consider
this time we got to move this disaster
can we hide just a couple just a cup hey
can we hey can we hide just a couple
toys can put a couple away is that cool
with you this is obviously this is my
area please do not move my pillow do not
move I was telling you I was like we
need the scissors cuz that's all yeah
cuz when you do this you expect it to be
like this but it's just gonna it's just
gonna slowly kind of do it I wonder if
we're supposed to smack it down so like
kind of that's what we should have
probably down first huh it's quite
literally my favorite part about
Christmas tree is decorating the
Christmas tree obviously flogging it
picking out one that just fits perfectly
I used to always love going with my mom
because my mom loved getting the Charlie
Brown Christmas tree because she's like
it's always the one that's not wanted
but it's always so unique and has such
character we didn't get the Charlie
Brown tree this year we did get one that
is pretty darn perfect my favorite part
definitely has me decorating it this
year we got to go with some shatterproof
because a glass last year and they broke
a lot actually many of them broke I
think we're gonna do good this year
especially with Rico what the fun fact
really
so we are switching roles this evening
Allen is doing that and I'm going to be
cooking and tonight I'm gonna be cooking
what I hope to be pimento cheese burgers
that's my outcome or that's the goal I
haven't cooked let something fancy in a
long time so I don't know how this is
gonna work
so we're still decorating but it's
looking really really pretty
do you like it hon gosh I just love it I
love ornaments and we have had so many
awesome ornaments like given by you guys
this is actually an ornament I think we
got last year the year 2015 that's when
I got it from a CTFxC year we've gotten
a ton of things from you guys I don't
know we might have gotten that one for
ourselves but I'm still putting up tons
of ornaments that you guys gave us over
the past few years it's so cut it's
really kind of cool because every year
we try to get a new ornament to kind of
like represent something that happened
that year for us or something that meant
something to us that year and it's
really been wonderful because you guys
have been helping us with that tradition
I'm thinking that looks pretty rad
honestly a fuller tree like with more
stuff on it is is my cup of tea love it
behold guys pimento cheese burgers with
sweet potato fries nope
going strip club's bed speaking of which
we got a look at diesel diesels been
getting lap dances I don't know if you
could see all the glitter you getting
some lap dances over there all the
glitter all over your head busted look
like gone I don't know it's crazy or
you're the CAD now well guys we got the
Christmas tree up I just want to show
you a couple my favorite ornaments this
is the newest one we got obviously from
the RV trip this is still one of my
favorite this spaceman starbucks cup
ali's pink flamingos got a dragon that's
CTFxC pillow there's actually a lot of
CTFxC r gifts that are on here squirrel
I don't know if that's an ornament or
just duck - hey curiosity killed the cat
Rica remember you only have seven lives
left have a good night guys and I will
see you tomorrow Zoey's right
