good morning guys can't sleep anymore
that's two is we may have too much hi
how are you guys Jing Tessa's dr. ding
tow system I love Japan but I forgot
everything has seafood and I hate eating
food like hey I just don't like it
this crappy weather scared these dogs so
bad this morning I actually don't know
if you could see it's like band-aid over
here
Zoe freaked out and just jumped on me
and I don't know she was kind of like
the little brain this morning and she
scratched me up but hey last night was
the hardest sleep I've ever had because
I couldn't get to sleep
could you get to sleep like a baby
really I woke up at like 3 and woke up
at like 4 cause it's like you don't be
like 2:00 or 4:00 in the afternoon back
home so I'd wake up and I'd really let's
go and pretended look at the clock here
like no one's gonna do anything so I
kept going back to sleep you just have
to adapt completely to the Japanese
lifestyle in front yet about what time
it is back home for for 18 hours and
help going back through the home with
him and forget about Japanese time yeah
there's a part of the craziest show that
ever traveled for good hands down
hunterson because we're literally
traveling all the way to play one show
did i guy we landed got checked into the
hotel and I didn't notice from Delta
saying I know right my boy I was like
what the hell
in the show you guys ready have fun they
even have Taco Bell Co and I are the
only punctual people dying boots and
jeans no like looking up sweating
through my jeans already they're like
loving walking through the water right
now finally I have you guys in sync I
feel like that's not gonna last though
diesel you have to be the one that goes
off track
now they start building that's aren't
you if you guys ever wondering and Star
Wars why the Star Wars that star
explodes it's because of me you just saw
you just saw it right there give up go
my money
makes me mr. MC today so focused
so focus there that's the happy around
they have no bump yeah keep pumping it
that'll keep working so Charles is
humping up pinball machine I'm gonna
take off the joke that's what she said
you can do it but now this one has like
four credits so this is kind of a fun
little thing we all wanted to get lunch
together and there's a Chili's right
here on the base and we're all just
talking about like ten years ago
not today but ten years ago I worked at
a Chili's P Fair worked at a Chili's and
Travis were spiritually now we're in
Japan eating out of chilies so we're
being given an awesome boat tour right
now
shoots a boat it's like a shit right
I dig is this a dinghy I cannot wait to
get on this thing Wow bomb missile
rocket
so right here we were told that roughly
sixty two missiles can be shot out of
this so glad to show you guys
amazing and that's the satellite right
what's the Wi-Fi password totals okay so
I'm going to get in the captain's chair
that's make sense that because you can
actually see this one's like nice and
covered my head barely fits your brain
together mine's already mush
alright so I think they're trying to
kick us out so we got to leave I have so
much get down there sir just imagine
being the electrician here know which
one's the blue line I can't even do it
like TV we're still going down again
come on Rose I am the king of the world
anyone in the military Air Force Navy
so much respect vlogging on the GoPro
right now the other thing sounds and
it's nice and flat and cube-like so
maybe you'll be nice and perfect for
this
they respected elders no a shoehorn in
my hotel room closet and if you leave a
shoe don't fucking listen to that guy I
want to come in with because it's my leg
house you don't teach your child that
maybe I will I supposed to have these my
not right I will just look to the camera
that's how you can find me where was in
Tokyo that what's that Street that
crossing again
like the least appetizing one hi
I was leaving the vessel right now boys
a new draft
that's a car right bitches again we're
doing it I think that is so cool I said
yeah you got awesome clothes and then
you just got Trevor and this definitely
wouldn't be a we the kings tour without
a little craziness we went in this place
they said they took cards we get in
there then they said they only took yen
so then Kohli went to go find some Bank
and the ATM doesn't take it and then as
he's doing me you are not everywhere I
want to be you are not and as he's doing
that guarantee you Travis goes like this
with his wrist is a cockroach like
crawling all over her stuff yeah what
you don't know what to do right now look
at that pillow well we're about to go
home a 24-hour trip to Japan was it 22
hours I don't even know if it's 24 hours
I literally just said gracias I'm that
out of it right now
I won the lotto your faces the plan
you're playing I got upgraded did you
get a pretty I don't know fuck Dee I got
three three B I don't know if we're
gonna be neighbors I will see us ma
zouri
in America don't forget to subscribe he
has a brand-new and have a great night
that's a honker dumb old Americans
it's from a roof you want stomachs
burning you did it that's nice a trap
there you go
shoes off
this is one of my favorite things about
Japan is the cool like heart work they
have the coolest most interesting
