Oh perfect way to start the video good
morning okay do not cut that lesson of
the day
let shirt if you hold it apart okay well
there you go
that's how we're gonna start today well
I'm packing right now go to the airport
right now go to Japan I wish you guys
can smell right now it smells absolutely
amazing right now all the roses
everywhere so freakin awesome so on if
you have no idea why we have all these
freaking roses in the house just do
yourself a favor watch yesterday's video
all right I'll see you guys later - come
on there's one - why is the third one
just lounging come on three come on bar
I gotta go to Japan let's go come on say
bye I don't know if you guys can see
this right now it's right about here I
just discovered I have another freaking
thorn and my thumb wonderful this is
where the base situation goes I wish I
could show you guys it sucks - because
they definitely don't allow tweezers on
airplanes we're staying in the airport
maybe I'll pass
excuse me I have a yeah excuse me
emergency people I need some tweezers I
have a thorn from a rose and my thumb
Chuck chopped it stupid driving into it
because it makes me feel like they
really think you know flirt answer
absolutely
everywhere you look there's like a sign
with an airplane on I mean for heaven's
sakes it's put on the road like not to
sign a loan that says Airport well in
Florida's defense they do that
everywhere and with a hospital to have a
little building no they don't they have
a team I think they're the hospitals I'm
sorry random you apologize to Florida
right now Florida you know that I love
you
we're like homie geez you apologize
Florida where mommies does that an
apology Florida you're my homie two dogs
and I love you and time and your dance
around the situation it's okay it's okay
officially that's Florida that is what
actually I grew up
enjoy your roses oh you want another one
huh great hi guys we're transferring
over my camera now Japan here we come
just drop charles off at the airport cuz
he's on his way to Japan I just want to
say thank you again I was kind of a
little blubber butt yesterday but
yesterday was just so amazing I just
want to say thank you to everybody that
helped out this is something he'd been
planning and he went out of his way to
do for me which I feel like I don't even
deserve guys thank you for being a part
of this awesome amazing moment that I
just never in a million years thought I
would get plane one to Atlanta here we
go
gotta meet up with the guys so basically
what we're doing we went to Atlanta and
Seattle then Tokyo
a long day of long I'm heading back to
the house actually we're gonna do the
podcast tonight I was planning on doing
something with the Roses today because I
don't need all those roses I don't need
them so we handed out a bunch of them
yesterday to our neighbors I gave some
to film Melissa I'm gonna get some oh we
gave them to my sister we're gonna get
some to Chartist mom some to my mom and
anybody else who wants them anybody if
you want some flowers I'm more than
willing to give two but I think what
we're gonna try and do tomorrow cuz I
don't think we're gonna be able to do it
today it's a really kind of gross out
right now we're gonna try and surprise
some people and make them have a really
nice day just like I did yesterday so
spread the love that's what it's all
about guys we're gonna try and bring a
lot of positivity to other people's you
know day because everyone deserves to
feel poor and everyone deserves to feel
loved and so that's the only thing that
I can imagine doing right now with all
those roses is just trying to make
someone's day just as good as mine but
good oh my goodness well I guess I
thought you had to pee
really now you just go outside cuz I
walked over to the door is that how it
works
so I have a little bit of a confession
to make since we got back from
California then a little bit like a
little bit lazy nothing too bad not too
bad kind of anyways um I even unpacked
so yeah oh my god I'm really embarrassed
I'm really pissed but I'm what I'm gonna
do right now so I'm gonna go ahead and
unpack all of this that's so
embarrassing
you know if you guys want to help so
that we're in Atlanta again actually it
goes to shine I should that's what about
my converse actually I should pray to
tie my shoe first anyway so lately
because we're flying out of Tampa
they're very lucky but getting direct
flights but since we're going to Tokyo
they don't really have a direct flight
from Tampa to Tokyo yeah
one day so I'm gonna meet up with the
guys I think Danny's here already not
sure about the rest of them
I completely slept that entire time time
to get to work
here we go look at you oh you look so
good Dee feels like I'm over okay so the
room is finally coming together it's
looking a lot better than it did I feel
very very accomplished right now this is
I'm gonna be on a plane
for I really have no actually clue how
long this is gonna be I want to get some
exercise get those legs going
screw it I feel like the Six Million
Dollar Man
okay so slowly the flowers are dwindling
bring them away to the neighbors and
actually it's sunny our next-door
neighbor was sitting in his car and I
think I like freaked him out because I
like I didn't realize he was in the car
and I walked up and I was like roses
he's like oh I didn't know you're
bringing roses to me but we were
bringing him to his wife I feel like in
such a chipper mood because it made me
so happy and it's really cool to like
kind of pay it forward is that weird to
say but like let other people feel this
happiness that I'm feeling so we're
going to continue continue the happiness
train as corny as it sounds we're gonna
continue the happiness train give it to
as many people as possible and like I
said we're planning on doing something
hopefully tomorrow with this I want to
want to make sure that these bad boys
get good home so I'm meeting baby right
now secure Delta
terminal yeah remember last time we
found this is completely lacks and we're
just kind of wandering around this is
the nicest one because nobody knows
about it and I snuck include
who I found excuse me sir
Sir Ken about some your internet sir
there's literally like two rules really
- no outside feel that breaking both of
them right now is trapped in so much
better less okay
yeah that was Donner I'm really jumpy
right now
here Jeff Jeff Hill and so I was curious
where everyone was I looked back here
and there's one of them Trevor is like
no joke I wish I got a photo of them
carrying his own so diesel always sits
on my lap and as soon as he started to
sit on my lap Texans like mom mom yeah
you think I see it I see the toy assume
a toy
there's that pillow here's a show-off
that pillow yeah alright guys I'm so
sorry they're well we just got to
Seattle I have to go on a 30-hour flight
so I just wanted to say good night guys
I will see you tomorrow don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new where
are you sitting on this way I'm gonna be
in the bathroom of the trip so I will
see you guys tomorrow always have to
create night and we'll see you tomorrow
no it's probably gonna be lost somewhere
anyway
surprise I lost the dog
instead of like one
