all right so you guys figure out why I
bought a bunch of little GoPros now it
all come together she has no idea I've
already called the store and we are
buying out entire amount of vases I was
like how many you have and I want all of
them and now we're boxing so I was
really really nervous
because I thought maybe I would have
been out the door sometime so we had all
the flowers sent to Phil Phil had the
sign for a thousand roses so surprise
shooting over to time-lapse is that
dramatic enough
sleeping very well Charles knows about
it and he did something really really
nice for me and got me a massage
just cuz I've been so stressed out with
work and some other personal things so
it's so thankful thank you so much char
but I'm gonna go get my nails done I
guess we're just so weird because being
a female I've never had my nails done
what am I getting on my nails
shellac I'm gonna Annie pedi I'm gonna
get select and here's the funny part
guys and sad um I like I said earlier I
do I've never had my nails done except
for I take that back I've had my nails
painted once when I was in eighth grade
I don't really like my feet type so this
is probably gonna be the funniest thing
ever stepping out of my comfort zone so
yeah Girl's Day supposed to be excited
my new be like hey Zoila
we've only got through two boxes you
realize that yeah the logistics of this
kind of on paper it's like yeah thousand
rows let's do this to it can we get two
thousand it doesn't sound like a lot
when you get to the nuts and bolts of it
all and the splinters of it all you're
worth it babe this isn't a prank right
this would be us I want to say it's a
prank but it's not a prank I would say
surprise would be the better thing I
think Trank ish the prank would be her
having to clean up anything
maybe we'll have her clean it up we'll
hide this all in the corner and it's
like here babe surprise I feel like the
pranks on us really it kind of is right
now so I didn't we've been doing this
for about an hour and 15 minutes I think
we're running out of time my sister's
over that make it look good and filling
are just like putting it everything
places and most is like the kid we can't
really do that it's got to be right
there okay is that her that's not her
camera there camera there he's a good
boy got a camera somewhere else right
there and right there
Phil's testing it out
like it pull that out that ties against
that Wow yeah so you're probably
thinking why the hell did I just fill my
entire house full of flowers to make a
giant meadow of roses if you guys didn't
know already August is natural romance
month I'm not I'm not making that up
google it if you don't believe me so I
had this idea that we'd fill the entire
house while it was gone with 1000
long-stemmed roses as you can see that's
is over 1000 and ProFlowers hooked us up
they sent all of them over here just
before Ali's getting back Phil and I had
to set them all up and if you guys want
to do something maybe not this crazy but
he wanted to surprise your significant
other was some flowers or just something
that says you know you're thinking of
them you love them there's a link down
there in the description they had
something going on all August for
national romance month for anywhere from
like five to forty percent off so go
check it out and I really deeply want to
say thank you to ProFlowers folk into
something get a wide shot for hooking
this all up right here because this is
amazing I never thought this would
actually be something I could do I only
got 14 thorns and my fingers actually
there's no joke there's all this hand
because I had to cut them to make them
fit into the vaz and now I'm just the
worst part right now I'm waiting for Ali
to come home and Kaitlyn keeps texting
me let me know where they're at
I think they're at a restaurant around
the corner right now so and as you can
tell it's very quiet cuz filmless it
took the girls because I figured that
the dogs were here and they came in the
door all this would be broken shattered
all over the place so I you know
sometimes I think at those new Co pros
Ali had no idea was getting those GoPros
this is why I was planning on this for a
while I'm nervous is gonna be awesome
the only bad thing is that I can't watch
TV until he gets here now alright so I
just got the word they're on the way on
that's recording I feel like just
missing a camera there it is right there
the January attitude
right surprise he's like Rico and I said
yes rekt hurtful you young and great
shoot the only way I lost the dog
instead of like one now I are like
racing right now who are still very
lucky
so you gotta clean that up now
I'm sorry I was a little like taking
got really quiet I'm sorry no guys God
who's the big games little sorry I
didn't a marked in it just like toys
you're probably okay
giblet should be like up the neighbor
left over for taking things up sorry I'm
still in contention
yeah
we would have had
you'll have the hair bun is Bob one
everywhere so we decided to share the
happiness and give some to our neighbors
going on to house number three so Uncle
Phil watched the dogs for us so more
things wouldn't get destroyed and we
brought him some flowers yes present
ever
no that's the right way doing come on
hit your little hit your little knob
right hit the knob nope right here
there yes very good
we just want to say good night good
night how surprised were you I was
speechless if you guys noted she felt so
bad that she didn't like freak out but I
think this is speechlessness was the
best part about it I don't know my heart
dropped I could not nothing could come
out of my mouth and go and spill things
well cause you picked me up this is just
something beyond anything I ever my
entire life ever imagined and truly
blessed they did that I would freaked
out probably over half a rose you don't
even have to give me a full one but half
of one they were like don't forget
baking yeah now I'm going to do that
I've got to throw pie in your face X let
me get home what well now your guard is
down you're gonna think flowers are
alright never gonna let my guard down
well you were always gonna trick flowers
getting a look down some stars I guess
very thank you like you did it i've been
i've been super stressed out for a
little bit and i know like i said it
earlier like i kind of been hiding it a
little bit but i just thank you for kind
of making me feel for making me feel
better I thought uh we will see you guys
tomorrow as always I will see you for
Japan if we have internet otherwise
you're gonna be hanging out with this
twerk so we will see us tomorrow don't
forget to subscribe you guys are
brand-new and have a wonderful night Boo
Boo's oh by the way I got my nails done
for the first time she's been doing that
in front of people's face all day what
do you think what you think do you like
it do you like it
mmm-hmm can I see those poodles bye guys
bye oh yeah like you're not really that
annoying I
my eyeballs are just a little bit I
think I have allergies I'm getting old
well now you thank you my let's go to go
follow movin tickets we go pro pretty
good so just got home and I noticed that
well that's gone meaning that charm
somewhere golf cart which is good
but I've been hearing that the
other ones better
