good morning Internet how on earth did
you get out there did you get locked out
that's what happens when you open the
door by yourself Marley what's just you
a black and white reenactment come on
come on why was gonna show me what you
do okay black and white now and then
what happens the wind comes by and blows
it shut and she gets stuck outside hey
good morning fun to see Lu goobers again
is this sort of like four or five dogs
hang on this house lately you get if you
look you can just see tumble weeds
everywhere oh don't import it just love
you babe you're doing it the wrong way
so I'm trying to get some work done
while is that the gym right now I got my
little guard dogs for taking all my data
drive it back stuff up and I'm listening
to the new BB king's demo right now
tried to send some over and got some
more bastard
so yes we go
I love the songs when I third ones on
the driver
alright so yet it's kind of like what I
did last year alright this was two years
ago when somewhere somehow came out as
the album's getting closer and closer is
I'll give you guys more and more
snippets because I know last time you
guys like that the new album's coming I
promise we're almost there I think we're
like ninety-seven percent almost there
God is over it was a blast I absolutely
just love to meeting all of you guys
made me feel so much better about
everything I know that sounds a little
strange maybe but you know this has been
like a really strange year and a half
for me like it's been a big transition
and want to dwell on the negative
because I don't even want to consider
any of this negative but it was tough
for a really long time and of course I
think everybody has to have days in
their life but it just like really
changed my life and and I loved it and
VidCon was kind of that moment that
really made me realize how much it's
affected my life also how much I really
enjoy doing this thank you guys so much
for these are kind to me and for
accepting me kind of in a game of
telephone I think since the very
beginning was a lot of things and gave
me the chance to be a part of it and
that you guys hopefully became
comfortable with me and
just wanna say thank you you guys warm
to my heart I remember this this woman
who came up to me she was there with her
daughter and she just hugged me and she
hugged me and hugged me and hugged me
and she made me cry when we're at the
meat great she knew from the very
beginning that I was a good person to be
a part of Charles life which is amazing
you know because she didn't have to
accept me so I just want say thank you
i'm gonna stop my ramble I'm gonna go to
the gym now Zoe's over here with her
foot in the sub getting a little foot
massage and Marley's are gonna give
herself a headache one question I kept
getting asked at the panel's was if I
had all the files like the original
files and exports and all that stuff
from all the videos from the past seven
years I'm reluctant to say that I
actually do I'll admit it I'm a digital
hoarder like I have everything on this
hard drive over here for example is 2009
oktober 2009 there's November there's
2012 is January if I don't want to go
look through all that stuff I have all
the exported version of the same thing
for example there's day 98 right there
have it right there so just in case you
tube like explodes one day see right
there actually I don't know if this is
even worse because if you go over here I
know I know it's pretty bad isn't it
what I know is that part yet I have all
the thumbnails all the PSD's for example
there's july seven 2011
oh we better go get max out before you
get so upset hmm are you happy looking
do you boo hey bed good boy you did it
i'm proud of him I'm super proud hey you
know he's gonna give such a good girl
Lola one day you won't come over and
hang out with the girls ok how does that
sound I was cleaning up 15 ago
we're digging some strung-out right now
it's so loud in here they love it kids
like it in there we gotta clean up in
here so bad should you be gone so long
the hair tumbleweeds are getting
so I got some extra help well I'm done
the robots can keep working we can make
a freaking quilt that's disgusting
anyone with dog smells xactly artillery
it was out I promise when I grow as
people this is like freaking us leaving
and coming back home are you excited to
see the girls he's like shut up mom I'm
excited just take me home already
she's don't tell her you're actually the
whale now you not you might what's going
to occur ro
buban surface blue bin but you guys
think it's me go pro pretty good I just
got home and I noticed that well that's
gone meaning that char is somewhere out
on the golf cart which is good i love
the fact that is super tiny and totally
good from franks but i've been hearing
that the other ones better let's go this
way all right marlies driving careful
Zoe I don't know where we're going all
right my life is in Marla's hands right
now
are you gone dog driving golf cart yeah
just two hands not riding dirty Marley
no Trent that's why they go slow down
oh my god charlic vacuumed I guess floor
was really bad did you hear good is it
was happy hi buddy first person Charles
figured came with a head strap might as
well use it so I'm looking like guys Oh
Zoe time for bath how you know oh poor
girl that's so meta guys look I'm matter
that is and let's begin ah you stink ah
come on please stop moving come over
here I'm gonna get out of her butt are
you eating jelly beans you know they say
what you're gonna get tore up from the
floor up tour from the floor up
player 3 is white quick links up on
plate wait wait wait looks like Marley
trying to steal home and the ref is in
the way what's wrong what's the magic
word let's say that I'm the cool scout
that chipper didn't know oh oh did you
get lost these little fruit gnats or
food flies or a break folk but fruit
fleas or something like that some fruit
flies and flying all over the place
they're so quick you guys can't even see
him did some googling that's what I do
and I now you can take some apple cider
vinegar and you put it like you know a
little like a cup and then put like
plastic over and they are attracted to
it what we had oh there it is so we're
gonna make a fruit fly trap right now
you might see some already there's one
right there we wrap it up okay thing I
think that's all you do apparently they
smell it and they try to get in oh look
they're already coming do that it's
working holy crap chair wasn't lying and
now I'll where he got one I scared it
away go on in the water's fine diesel
spot for zoe's crunch top model we do
get any bud Marty I kicked off wanted to
move over nope okay well thank you for
moving now well he hasn't been feeling
good today she's been pretty much eating
her foot thinking was a taco I think
it's just hit her cuz she came up here
at sure nuzzling underneath this thing
and this is where she was a second ago I
just knocked it off to go get the camera
Marley's gonna be doped up in a second
yo there she is now
yes he's high as a kite I will see you
guys tomorrow zone you guys are brand
new please don't forget to click
Subscribe so you can hang out every
single day with all this don't forget to
click that little like button if you
actually think I should try to make
Marley drive the golf cart one day I
think is actually possible she she can
open the door I think she's smart enough
we'll see you tomorrow always doodles by
us fondos will cover lid okay the serial
number right pally want to see what I
Minaj each other yes I guess my mom was
in tears great it was a casualty of the
moon and I thought oh maybe
and they have the right opportunity be
stuck she be able if the film it's
already killing came back my mom was
really angry
it fell out of the party and she baby
film it's a hard way to kill she's like
if you feel
