good morning Internet miracle
almost
Oh home sweet home
you got a babe you got it you got use
those arms you can go to the gym oh it's
good to be home but it's eerily quiet
without the girls here can't wait for
them to get home with a couple hours oh
very bad guys I'd need this at uh Oh
guys we were up and now working our
butts off because I leave how many days
how he's running up a three hours of
sleep she said I was she didn't sleep on
the plane but she watched me is what I
was doing I thought
and she would have to catch my head
pushing the heck out I was I was a Baba
basically was head bang in my sleep on
the blame I tried so hard to go to sleep
but I couldn't leave because we were
that weird extent on the exit rows
seemed like a good idea for the legroom
but you can't lay back it's as if she's
now then she was stuck to a minute but
at night I forgot how they can curl up
into a tiny little ball
basically we have VidCon we noticed that
we were having some problems editing
like slow and compression errors oh
we're going
what I was saying and we had some
problems with the compression errors on
the computer so we're gonna go get a new
computer so that way the blog's will be
a lot better lot smoother and basically
a lot sooner and all that fun stuff and
I leave for Japan and I really watch I
literally did one of those like uh uh
Baba and like three days
so we just got back actually like super
Ilyas more
right away inside doing work so you've
got very very little sleep so right now
I must go recharge it
so pathetic I know
it take back an Apple computer that
Charles I believe ordered that sting
effect one for the fourth time since
returning it bet again that is scary
looking especially through relentless
alleys marching in a car right now it's
a silverstein
you guys I struck gold with this one
right here same music same playlist on
our phones at that bear that she has 100
hands distance but she's like had bangs
that looks good when I do it this
doesn't look as cool
the only things I'm jealous actually it
looks like it might rain today not
really sure there's this new camera
called a GoPro session which is perfect
for prank and are super tiny right now
it perfect for pranks so that came out
and then there's other little cameras
see if they came in this box they're
probably all in that box actually oh
there they're like little cubes a bunch
of them to me I'm planning for a prank
you guys haven't figured it out little
tiny it is taking highball
it's the eyeball I think that's a creepy
eyeball so what's the difference between
this I think these are better quality
not sure I can around us I got a plan
pretty quick I see your tail I missed
you so much I miss you too Coby you're
like look at me look at me only on
camera are you hanging out in the office
you doing some work I want to draw you
like a Frenchwoman okay so now that
we're back I realized that we have
nothing to eat in the house and that I'm
gonna have to go ahead and consider
tonight but you kind of need food to do
that so I'm gonna head to the grocery
store right now I don't know what he's
doing I am actually kind of petrified
now because you've got all these little
cameras there's going
via Frank that habits I know it I know
it in my heart he's gonna do something
very scary to me he's been texting my
sister he's being really really sneaky
and she's being sneaky which Kalyan if
you're watching you're supposed to be on
my side you are supposed to be on my
side and I'm not cool with that so my
mom being the awesome mom she is this
actually happened in the move she feels
so bad I feel so it's not a big deal
this is a guitar but she was trying to
move and actually got in touch with
sender almost like a coffin this lay the
rest if this I mean look I always the
thing is the parts are probably more
money than the actual wood so if anyone
wants to be 60th anniversary Fender bass
Vives parts let my mom go see this is
why you get doubles you get doubles
especially when you're on tour I told
you I'll put this one in here that's the
first one that one I got because you
just bought in how did you find out
where I bought it okay the serial number
right well yeah I didn't know it had a
serial
good Ally want to see whether my mom
just showed me my mom was in tears right
it was a casualty of the move and I
thought oh maybe I had to have the right
opportunities stuff she babe ELISA film
it's already killer my mom was really
angry she's like if you film it he won't
kill this show nice do my confusion was
just like how did that happen
alright guys this is the testing footage
of the ship suggesting of the sea
we're sessioning right now no catch
sorry
hey what's the upside so this is the
right side mrs. Owen Zoe's completely
blocking her bone from Molly all of you
just considered Marley's passed out over
there she was chewing on it the next
thing you know I turn around she's
passed out we're well almost passed out
brothers just over here reminding you
guys to subscribe good job mark thanks
for doing my job I've been spending way
too much time trying to micro at the
computers right now oh you sir
I think I may have done oh they did it
before I could do it it's been so nice
just to be at home right now hanging out
with the pups like thinking about this
week alone Zoi we've done a lot we did
the whole video game thing we did all
VidCon and then we have a bunch of other
stuff coming up it's a lot to cram up in
a week right now and what was your
favorite thing from VidCon this year if
you didn't go just from the videos if
you went to VidCon what was your
favorite thing that was at VidCon that
you went to was what twenty one thousand
five hundred people which is crazy
because I remember when VidCon one was
1,700 people and if you weren't able to
go go watch the last couple days vlogs
and here's just a brief example of what
happened this week
let me take back - good
even when the sky
even when my heart stops I keep looking
cuz I know
you want a world between us let me try I
know you know
and
even when this
even when my heart
because
No
and that's way to just lay in bed
remember I was saying I can just curl up
in a little ball like on an airplane I'm
doing it right now anyway I hope you
guys enjoyed a little VidCon excursion
and it's good to be home for all the new
people coming across two videos hello
I'm Charles and the one over here in the
monkey head fail there that's Allie
she's passed out and Zoe Marly somewhere
welcome to CTFxC and we will see you
guys tomorrow always don't forget to
subscribe have a great night bye guys
I was talking to get Eugenia apparently
they're coming tonight yeah yeah so
movie magic guys movie magic first time
ever doing is we just wrapped up I have
to say the ones that there's bears watch
are pretty cool I made you laugh I cried
I'm really crying so throw a couple
minutes they're gonna come out so make
sure to watch them and I'll let you guys
know and they actually introduced me to
a cool little gadget that I might end up
getting and I'll show you guys they
