good morning Internet this is how we see
each other like all our friends are all
over the place in the cars the random
cars that's how we actually get to see
each other in these giant things we got
Spencer taking us where we need to go to
the stage why shouldn't these at home I
could drive it mine goes 40 I'm losing
my voice so Phil is taking care of me
with some honey and orange dee take care
of the family just to help and I just
had to run back to the room and give tea
fair and JJ the equipment that we
brought while the waiting for VidCon the
five-o guitar and other equipment so I'm
just killing some time and then at 2:00
p.m. we have the panel with Jeff Eugenia
Shane in myself which is crazy because
there's like 2,000 people registered it
could be a big one
just saw us at the time
don't do it for fun at all soul-g
started there's no money which is doing
for fun
and politely people gravitate gravity
for something that you like
just very managed to build it again
it's a lot of work study the channels
it's a one piece of advice you give to
your younger self
if you focus on
so we were partly in that right area for
the arena apparently there's another
freaking arena that's two arenas we
found them
jayjay to the rescue nice JJ we're
missing Jessie Gina right now always
late
I didn't wash my hand I got subway
figures and you were just touching my
face
why
maintain
because of the time
pleasure machine 3 Philadelphia our
rates of
the
and blockers but give do you chuckling
plan
like moving my bike today
- ringing -
so we're playing like three hours right
now and unfortunately miss soundcheck I
was doing that panel with everybody so I
decided to come up here and get a little
bit practice in and it's create it's so
crazy coming into like a little arena by
himself and it's like completely empty
it's just a weird thing I'm like it's
just so eerily quiet probably in the
next couple cuts it's going to get
really really loud look I found the
other parts of the band the other ones
up there yeah we're here we're here all
right guys you remember they'll find you
their cover you know we the kings find
you their cover there's a bee that's it
that's a find you their cover right
there did you know that Ally it's a
reunion we have our family family one
where's family - family - family three
family four oh wow it's actually showing
that that's crazy it's gonna print
profile you get you gotta like really it
that's crazy there's a there's a human
in there yeah she's actually pregnant
and if this song saves anybody now there
then we are honored to be the ones who
have written this song is called just
keep breathing
oh hi we're here big potato potatoes
just right in potato blow it up
tomorrow we're gonna be shooting with
the fine brothers doing that youtubers
react and then taking a red-eye home
this is actually Ali's first time you
yawning her first VidCon really you
ruined mine I loved it because like I
actually write well I know it sounds
kind of weird but there's a lot of
people that different ways from Twitter
and I recognized from Instagram thanks
here's your boyfriend on stage being
awesome know it what was your favorite
part
no but my favorite part was obviously
meeting everyone but there was a lot of
people that I recognized on Twitter and
a lot of people that I recognized on
Instagram that followed us and like I've
always been really super supportive and
I actually met them in person yeah no I
know it sounds weird but I was so
excited about these things and and I met
so many other people and I think too for
me it was just everyone was so welcoming
in it it's scary walking to literally a
place with 21,000 places of people and I
think Trevor is going to start to steal
you away from me he's trying to steal
Ali away from me well I love just
meeting everybody honestly like it was
the coolest it's so cool it just it
makes you feel so loved and I love the
love that was just lets me feel like the
love that everybody was like bringing to
us and I loved that the people that
could not go to the sign like you want
you something I don't know I just
blubber bat mm little bit I'm not gonna
say toodles I want VidCon and say tools
for the end of a con so hope you guys
enjoy these videos please don't forget
to subscribe you guys are brand new and
we will see you guys tomorrow always
have a good night
it's the last day of VidCon a couple
people
say goodbye
