Lucy your little hat oh she was like
going all out with this thing and
sickening camera comes on she's like no
I like good morning guys you don't sound
like a freaking Winnie the Pooh I'm not
waiting I'm a monkey yeah I guys I found
him everybody going to your biscuits
you're looking for us in the trash
elevator I got stuck in the trash
elevator was just telling them I tried
to fix the service elevator a guy came
in with trash and he left it just left
it riding up and down was what I was
with it if you bring it can we go
through it maybe there's some fun it's
right there okay that's the smell okay
we're a day to a pecan and with my lease
signed CD look like they're we're gonna
go and walk around VidCon for a little
bit cuz char has to I think he's what I
say say yeah he's with red link is
actually gonna be filming a podcast with
them which is pretty awesome but first
we have to get coffee so we're just now
ending what episode number is this whoa
so now you're getting none of these
agile I mean eighty something okay hey
80-something of air biscuits and I just
wanted to say I'm vlogging on it so i'm
logging on it right now did you do you
feel good cuz you were like I don't know
how this is gonna be you said you didn't
know I didn't know what does it be like
I actually really actually this is what
I sound like haha this is actually kind
of interesting you have stuck on the
playing field you guys remember the dogs
as does Zoey Marley dogs and huge
merchandise her joseline she did that
she's showing up in our vlog several
times but if you guys don't know that
doing my plush toys it was her design
and she also pretty much designed Zoe
Marla here on my arms and this is law
for mom where's mom she birthed this
talent right here and right now charge
getting you know
knows everybody same
pictures and we're hungry yes hungry
this
hey char I lost him it's like hey
Where's Waldo where's the guys well
you'll find them is
like
to eat like I can see
I don't even know
as I say real
so guys this is VidCon
so Mike's like right now
everybody just
you always be
I lost her
he's announcing that she has a surprise
for treasure and I was going to wait but
the spray lotion is a phenomenal kind of
done in French I'm gonna do this wise
that is awesome no skateboard decks yeah
look and how awesome that is
Oh Danny for my a burrito mini burrito I
got screwed shoulda just thought just do
it you can do it I promise
Charles handing out food to random
strangers so we decided to go get some
lunch wait around the corner actually
it's fine it's like 530 fungus 530 yes
we got it started to get some dinner
it's our lunch it took us three hours
you were you were going up to so many
people
signed autograph
like a lot of people who can make it to
the assigning so I always want to make
sure that I go on the expo saw at the
center at least a little bit to stay hi
to everyone I do is I was tell everyone
he's ever like front facing cameras
going and i literally just run through
so it's like some of them has like a
blur you were talking to every single
one of them you were running through do
you had the rest of my burgers I think
he ever got the rest of it didn't even
give you a ketchup here I know enough to
ask for it mr. brown there's a draft
letters was a reengagement what we did
because we were here and they said that
they in the kiss their California
because of the drought they can't use
auto refill think water you have to
specifically ask for glass of water so
we're trying to 360 camera at least one
more time found Danny we got there bud
when you do a 360 on the 360 it's
launched a facebook because seeing your
food as I'm reacting to your food as
well did you get that I'm trying to eat
this super 2 4get do you think that's
the future of vlogging I kinda like the
idea because I don't have to turn things
back and forth like normally do this I'm
gonna try to 360 camera on this one
we're gonna steve-o actually works
hey watch what happens when there's no
ammo it's an air asuka all right Bon
Jovi so the whole point of us doing this
right now is go say hi to everyone
well we're doing is playing video games
all right let's go see what's going on
in this place again
Oh
Oh
that was kind of fun that now I just
thought about all the people that were
in this ball pit Danny it's like
anaconda right now make a scene you find
stuff under there what are you
fun and let's cut to this good hbu you
want me to tell you like I drove Melissa
Boris Muslim Phil
I do I'm leaving it right there right
there put some Slayer in there bunch of
friggin inconsiderate assholes my
goodness I suppose be clean that's
awesome call it call it i do it
all
try any more exotic flavors it's like a
rubber popsicle if you guys are here
make sure to come to the dftba booth and
you can see right here some awesome
little mer trait that you might
recognize that's me that's me that's you
that's me daddy asked me over there see
that don't be kidding congrats buddy
Danny playing video games you're
literally playing the oldest video game
here probably the hardest game ever 2
alright nevermind
hate school Ali what's up you hate with
a stick Donatello sir Michelangelo
where's your pizza sir I can let you
borrow some right here there you go how
much does it take to get you to actually
talk how do I get him to talk
okay so we're like walking around big
con and after they closed it down and I
couldn't find char both look
alright guys if you're come to they gon
find this pinball machine right here and
see you can be
hold on where's mine at 94 million
it's so hard to stand
it's so hard to stand try standing on
I I can't even balance it
ok
huh well that was a lot of fun that we
goes we were ready ever going to go to
the house of blues we're going to hang
out with a voice Avenue and kohls
because i think these for managing voice
afternoon it hey where we gone we got to
go this way that's really artists we're
not playing the show today traffic I
don't understand molded party right now
water water water all around in the
ground water clear a car California
water right now
just got back to the hotel I look at
these turkeys overhearing you guys iam
they've got no shoes on oh my god I feel
so I walk word come on you hippie like
I'm walking and it's so funny click when
you have heels on you kind of like walk
forward a little bit now night John I
feel like doing a giraffe like Danny was
doing is like you look at giraffe and
her I ails you just want yes hungry no
milk shake all right guys VidCon day two
is now gone as you can see probably hear
my voice slowly slowly going away today
was crazier than yesterday and tomorrow
is going to be more crazy we the kings
can be playing I think at a p.m. at the
arena I have like a QA and then I have a
blogger session i'm doing lachey Jesse
and Gina it's just it's action-packed
tomorrow so hope you guys enjoyed
today's video ahead don't forget to
subscribe you as a brand new and we will
see you guys tomorrow always have a
great night totals I guess still works
on that but my voice is completely off I
guess
so here's the best part we're going to
keep you locked up in this the whole
time so I'm just going to roll you to
your signing okay
Chinese what he felt
come fel huh
worth it he did it but
