good morning everyone so this is day two
of Black Friday shopping slash family
outings for Thanksgiving feast nobody
came to easily funda beneath my legs
we're gonna try this place right now
Tilly was trying it sorry I found one
deal oh yeah it was a wireless charging
pad for the iPhone 10 know that 50% off
does this work for my case hey babe oh
hey just shut that up my nose and B that
does smell amazing you already started
on Christmas dude last time we get a
Christmas tree today yeah
we should do that this week though this
want ten pounds of bacon I feel like
that's the weight of a pig it's the
weight of Marley see the thing about me
I don't know if I ever told you guys I'm
not a bacon fan because I feel like pigs
are so smart they're like the smartest
dogs and so I don't like bacon I'm
probably one of the only person in the
world
that makes the taste of bacon I don't
know what it is I just not a fan I think
it's because a friend of mine actually
had a pet pig and I got to play with it
and I don't eat seafood researching
just a little insight in my brain I
don't know if I told you that
my wife the frugal person
there's smart shoppers that it's so big
silly five inches Wow
Thanksgiving number two is in full
effect Caitlyn has been slaving all day
in the kitchen and making some sweet
potato soup
I think me sweet potato casserole but I
caught all this shrimp and I froze them
and put them on this beautiful little
Crazy eight and we're doing kind of like
I don't say ours have a family because
we're all family but we decided to do
one yeah with my mom my dad yeah just
holidays are tough and as especially as
you get older because you're jumping
from house to house and we've realized
from past experiences that jumping from
house to house like four different
houses on one holiday is way too tough
so for instance yesterday we spent it
with chores like mom said of families
today we're spending it with my side of
the family and then we're gonna have a
Thanksgiving with Melissa's boyfriend
and then chars dad's side of the family
so it's been really nice because we can
we're spreading it out but it works out
perfectly so actually enjoy dude yeah
you can actually enjoy me cuz that's the
tough thing you always over you I feel
like everybody always over you some
Thanksgiving but when you have to be in
every house you don't want to be rude
and not have you know turkey in a bowl
or two potato casserole or every single
place you can get really excruciating so
now we can enjoy our speed a little bit
I am so fall from yesterday but oh wow
look at Target freaking cops galore yeah
I'm not gonna go in there and I was for
sure
copper little bit Christmas trees I
guarantee if we get a Christmas tree
this year which we all obviously are
that that cat is going to be climbing it
like crazy so you know what I have an
idea
as much as I don't want to do this I
know there's a Black Friday deal going
on basically for those stupid ugly cat
trees and a lot of you guys said even
though they're ugly
that would probably a good idea that
yeah so I'm gonna go see if they have
one of those things for like a discount
because they're so
Lee and I'm gonna get one I'm not gonna
pay a lot of money for something like
that cause he probably could tell the
camera is a little bit different a
veteran car off because Ali is a
ding-dong and she got her camera so
luckily this thing shoots pretty damn
good footage so I'm just using the
iPhone I mean this 4k the camera the
Canon doesn't even do for queso oh okay
we cross the street
none of these on sale said they were
well this one's a little bit better it's
a little bit of a gray yeah this is the
car I hate this stupid color thank you
maybe it'll save us a little bit I can't
believe I'm doing this
but I just talked to Ali and I talked to
Kate
Jane Tom both have a cat there goes
called savannah cats who like those
servals almost they're like bread with
those they've had to get this otherwise
there's no chip and all that furniture
it's going to be destroyed
I know it sounds stupid but just never
wanna wear these things I wish to take a
darker community ok I gotta put you down
he's also gonna be making this beef
tenderloin that's a pan cobra green bean
casserole shrimp sweet potato casserole
mashed potatoes pumpkin pie apple pie
my grandma's amazing deliciousness
here's our table so far kind of go all
out this year we're getting a little
festive with our decorations these are
probably my favorite things that I've
ever gotten from Publix and they always
have a commercial for them every year
whether you're like dancing around
during Thanksgiving so I finally broke
down and got in last year a little salt
and pepper shakers guys actually haven't
seen it yet in daylight but that is the
docking daylight and it looks really
amazing so I think what we're gonna do
is obviously have dinner and then hang
out outside I think we might bring over
the fire pit and just chill out on this
Friday night so it's gonna be pretty
nice and then tomorrow we're going for a
very long run
hello friends all right what see if this
cat likes this thing
wake up cat come on wake up come here
let's go check this out Rikka vision
rico vision d playing with that already
look what you got look at that what is
that thing let's see if I can show you
how to use this I know your cats if I
can get it you like this you'll climb
climb climb climb climb climb
look at that this is part of the worst
place for now she's gonna go over here
so I'm gonna move that honestly I'm not
sure how she's supposed to get down they
can get down here clang clang clang
clang clang clang clang clang clang Tom
Cruise it's made a better bad idea I
don't know how you're supposed to get
down I'm gonna use the rope probably no
maybe we don't walk there no just go
down here okay figure that out that's an
easy figure out thing maybe we don't
walk there and take note you're doing
this he's going down here figure that
out that's an easy figure out thing I'm
actually pretty stoked on this you know
these warriors charger thingy it's kind
of like one of those novelty things and
I was not gonna pay there were like 60%
off so it was like 10 bucks so I was
like why why not so I just wanted to
kind of see if it worked
yep that's awesome Hey are you seriously
scratching at the freakin carpet come on
up get on your stupid tree I'm taking
that thing back I'm not keeping this in
here if you're gonna scratch on stuff
that's not so please scratch John come
on let's go
think she sure to figure this out
Thanksgiving on this side of the family
has begun what you guys usually the food
goes in your mouth yeah we got lots of
goodies for appetizers can I help you
all right use the forest babe you can
bring it low and then you can bring it
high and then you can wave I was trying
to get it to take a photo sign the pool
not in the pool hook use the Force
I made Ali get some spinach chopped it
up I'm gonna break that off right cuz
it's gonna fall on the floor is it is it
romantic if I give you spanakopita maybe
I can give it to Tom feet at the top it
says is Ali's work right now good job I
mean yeah it kind of separates a little
bit this is the kids table this is where
we sit here okay is it really always
we'll get a pumpkin bed smellivision go
get nervous mom it stays how does it
stay love to tell everyone how lovely
you are and you miss your mom I just did
I know I know you guys love her all over
my glasses
Thanksgiving was really wonderful at my
sister's house it was just it was snow I
was actually really small and quaint
kind of like home yesterday wasn't I
really loved steps both Thanksgivings
that Charles and I did this year were
really small and just it was perfect
like it wasn't anything over-the-top it
wasn't anything super crazy and I think
it was exactly what we needed we really
focused on the fact of like stepping
back a little bit not pulling out the
camera too much not that we don't like -
don't get me wrong we love showing you
guys everything that we're doing for
what you guys got to see I really hope
you enjoyed it I hope you guys had a
wonderful Thanksgiving the holiday
season is always so special to Harlow's
and I and definitely to our families and
it's such a fun thing to not only
experience ourselves but something that
we'd love to share with you guys but I
weigh too much I don't I feel like I
about to explode I'm done with Sergey
don't want any turkey ever again pretty
positive that I'm gonna refrain from
eating mashed potatoes for quite some
time I so much to the point where the
pants don't pay anymore I'm kind of glad
that we also didn't really do too much
Black Friday shopping because I think we
could have taken full advantage of it
today especially with Charles do you saw
how crazy was yesterday and Best Buy and
I thought I was gonna lose him I'm done
with my rant I'm just I'm a little tired
there's so much food to my body to the
point where I feel like I need to sit
down and fall asleep and I might just do
that
you look confused what's wrong that
decide your toy you have anything you
have any emotion do you even know what
I'm saying
do you sell towards the leftovers or to
play oh yeah because just watching a
bunch of cats I'm fearful for him
massage the face massage the face
