good morning Internet guess where we're
going because we're at she's not very
imaginative what are they got these
don't make plans thing enough rally
no see if we can just got the LA and now
we got to go get our cut almost got hit
welcome to LA get off the guy all right
got a lot of equipment got the band
equipment to ready so we just went had a
couple meetings good things are
happening guys very exciting things are
happening we have to go film on a series
called gamers next door which is with I
guess two of those playboy people that
we met at the last thing where the
selfless thing basically we really
playing video games and then anthony and
Ian invited us to go to the Smosh movie
premiere so we basically decided that
we're going to stay in the LA area for
just tonight or this afternoon rather
than going all the way to anaheim and
then back and forth back and forth since
we got the car so we got this cool
little bungalow hotel room which is
pretty freaking cool so that way we
could poop and shower and that have to
bother people about pooping and
showering yeah it's all you really put
the food down upon you right there I
know I'm starving g starving and so my
current will order some room service
however have two crab on here I have no
idea what it is let alone can i
pronounce it needs to fancy I'm not a
fancy girl well actually I know what
bread and butter is I know bread and
butter All Right see who has more holes
in our pants at Sally's pants these are
my pants I know what I did yeah one of
your butt too no the battery's about the
diet crap guess which got switch alright
guys so we're getting ready to play some
video games add a playboy studio right
now which is kind of weird gonna play
some video games you gotta play some
video games and here it is and that goes
there's a giant book and I don't think I
can show you
there nope can't show you guys what's in
there this isn't what I could be you
guys remember Pamela I guess it was
about two months now yes it was like the
Playboy Mansion at the selfless thing
she invited us out we're gonna play some
video games this is normal guy right
here I don't normally dress and dressy
stuff you can tell we me pam has no
glass bottle and then gamer next to our
pan we need the glasses right yeah so we
had a Japanese theme and we serve sushi
off of a naked movers body so okay isn't
the Playboy theme but everything is not
the whole still yeah yeah it was a kind
of weird because they weren't like
social girls so they would just lay
there and just like we don't really want
to talk to somebody I would be more
comfortable yeah cuz like you're
literally just skimming a little the
crab or you'll be wanted to everybody
want to take pictures of her they didn't
want to like actually yeah don't get
there you go guys you gotta go bunny up
there this is the this is where all the
magic happens we're playmates test this
is where photoshoots happen where people
get naked yeah it's amir leave the shoes
holy shit that is insane but this is
like like I said this is replenished
test so they don't bring their own
wardrobe and stuff like oh yeah you know
like what size are you they have like 0
actually they used to have like see all
those things by ferry there are bras and
undies yeah by size and it's just like
you whole amount and it's hard to make
sense so you just pull it out whip it
out playboy studio let's play game guys
if you're male or female I'm just got a
pan across see if you recognize any of
these in any shots highly recognized
ever seen
hey Bobby everyone on right guys I
remember hey guys I family founded iPad
warden and they are the game was next
door and we are joined today by Charles
Trippy he is known on YouTube for his
blogging effort we're here to play
rocket League well shoeless and have
been doing as you or I guess Amelia
you're the one in charge so you're
setting out the three be three against
computers this is kind of like a soccer
game with cars and explosions and who's
jumping yeah movin up right trigger yeah
one or two up to this is your gas pedal
it says your affairs so everyone knows
the goal like how do they stop us yeah
there we go who got that he didn't even
hold it oh yeah I did everybody doesn't
matter we got a school Frieden ingerman
man cooks yeah this is obviously one of
the first games
oh no oh yeah it looks like I'm crying
right now crisis suck right now no I
ruined is it's like a modern photo
except you got this is awesome teen
that's putting it on your birthday yes
naked Oh ligament I don't want you for
that ah ok a lot of yeah we look at each
other we're going to be editing this so
it'll probably be sometime next week I
was your YouTube channel again
youtube.com slash gamer next door gamer
can return eggs even though there's two
of them came early could use ourselves
as the gamers next door but because
there are two of us but the channel is
called game inning game right next door
ok guys go check it out gamer gamer oh
thank you Gary babe you know I get what
I'm doing neither going I know you don't
nobody knows I don't I was sitting over
there watched my god I thought the whole
thing
we got Amelia yeah Pamela we got the
crew over there so you guys can go check
it out hey how's it going how are you
know my ass my favorite I really love
the you she liked Mario um the one that
was any time tomorrow I really love
zelda I mean he's got a sword I have to
say that was a lot of fun Pamela and
Amelia the whole crew awesome people are
super cool yes Ali had so much fun you
have to what I can't wait to that video
comes out guys cuz i sucked but i
learned how to get better did you suck
ok where this the red car I'm wearing
this a red carpet I'm just doing it so
how i roll guys
even better day
it looks cutest yet
there you are did you walk the red
carpet we just did I just walk all the
way around you were smart yeah well how
was it well you were here first yeah
it's misha Smosh movie minions movie
Smosh movie minions movie well I haven't
seen either dilemma but I think it's
good idea we're going to prom we got
tickets for this one let's go to this
way you think they'll all cameras babe
sleeping hit Ryan in the head of a pop
one open up oh not only touching buttery
popcorn
yeah we never thought we would be doing
this after party hey all the movie star
movie star start by the other half of
the movie stars there's the other one
got a full crew now we did it we found
that Salvage here's the movie out now I
know not into you they can see it as
Smosh movie calm in itunes it's real I
believe it's real guys i pre-ordered it
yeah yeah I'm gonna watch a toy yeah and
Alex winner because of every game
villain Ted I totally fanboy he directed
it so that was a cool thing I was
fighting cuz i was talking to second
back door I saw the trailer and he said
funny things well guy who does village
head especially the director Alan I
wanted to go say hi to everyone
congratulate and now we're a little
local pizzeria seems like one of those
little romantic once they got just this
rose is a road I know I got it you're
very welcome and this delicious salad
that you purchased today it's been a
pretty interesting day a very eventful
vlog I hope you guys are in car today
well I mean I'm just
look at my schedule I've never seen my
schedule so packed on my phone like
Saturday specifically just I've never
seen a so packed so especially if you
guys are VidCon make sure to come say hi
download the vid con ask you guys ever
done it and then look for my schedule
and you come say hi to Ali yeah so tired
so that it's like that we're happy
packing on all right babe we're leaving
now there's a spider in this hotel room
we're gonna and I go to think oh I am I
brought a pet you got a pet and you
bring a good Pat Goodwin Harry pet hi
Internet well we're gonna go to bed but
look what we found perfect way to end of
videos so and our awesome security guy
so we will see you guys tomorrow at
VidCon and I just want to say goodnight
it's been an awesome day and we're gonna
hang out with these guys toodles see he
knows what do I'll see us tomorrow as
always have a great night bye guys dude
what you didn't rip it out the hell now
this was wasted are you the Koopa hurts
worse Oh members were separate you don't
like it anymore oh my goodness it hurts
so bad ok to take Omaha
