good morning Internet everyone's hanging
out together that's a group tanning
session weird I feel like Marley's
judging the hell out of me for filming
she's over there like yo bro privacy so
is now I kind of get a haircut sighs all
snazzy for VidCon I'll be right back so
this is what it looks like now that the
mess over your pack and we're done oh
yeah I think I look snazzy enough to go
to VidCon now what do you got there but
get your favorite thing ever a stick
yeah now the fun part having the pack
for VidCon coming back home for a couple
days then going to Japan I think what
we're in California I'm gonna work on
the new album trav Sue's I haven't had
time to get out there so the time has
come
our room is a wreck right now we need to
really clean up my camera I didn't know
how they put that there
all right so since we have to leave Mr D
has to go home you go stay with a
grandma it's not what I want to do hang
out with Zoey Marley I'd say Maximus
Diesel Maura I know that yep everyone's
back okay the dogs are back in town
that's Ali when she was little get a big
ol head you have the same smile huh
you're a cute baby what happened
please rip out my vocal cords I that was
actually the best scene ever done so
tomorrow we're leaving for VidCon and
Ali's preparing your voice right now you
know getting it warmed up she said she's
gonna make me beautified so I don't
really know what that means we have to
go to the drugstore right now hey
at the Charles spa day right now which
I'm kind of afraid will make me sissy I
was trying to find something that was
going to hurt did you do this and now
are you destroying Diesel's toy did you
do you I told you this a million times
don't there's no this house Charles your
butt is hanging out oh look at mommy's
like bitch you don't do that you like
the older sister and that's cool but not
even that everyone speakers are dead and
their ears are dead thank you for
stopping the fight
look at your sake stop it stop stop
tell you stop she jumps on Zoey like oh
I won't stop I know she's like come on
calm down begins the pre VidCon beauty
regimen I don't have a unibrow now that
you're pointing this out to the internet
internet I don't have one no no nope
Judas the internet was just let me show
them stopping so it's not major to minor
hang on let it focus stop moving
yep right there kids that's where it's
at aha
excuse me sir do you mind putting that
back I'd really appreciate to bring that
to VidCon so if your face looks like
it's bleeding there's another fun story
guys I was riding my bike and trying to
do the whole Indiana Jones thing and
trying to go underneath the garage door
so you know the lip the metal lift of
the garage door I didn't quite make it
so BAM right there and there
completely on my back and I remember
walking in and going to my dad I was
like dad am i bleeding and he freaked
out and he called my mom because he
doesn't know my dad doesn't do blood so
that's what that is for and then that's
for when I hit myself hit of exploding
god beer bottle really like you're very
lucky I know seriously right and then
ice won't attack and somehow survived
that I've had two brain surgeries and
I've survived that it's somehow you
survived your name you guys again
seriously up close and personal with me
right now I mean what's a little close
HD all rights get rid of this I forgot
about that school okay
legitimately completely forgot about
that scar who in the internet thinks I
should do this Ally I don't trust you
it's I I won't no I won't do it art I
won't fuck the reason why it is girls
scream up alright let's do this does
that ouch we good we're done Milan Gavin
things like poor shit huh step one
complete backlog Internet so better what
your nose so get a little water and who
knows no come on brother for the 10 we
can do this no punching let's go just
what do you do before going to a big
event with 20,000 people sucks guys what
happens
he makes me act like I'm the person that
the spa that has to do all this time but
he makes me do this every time she's
gonna wax my butthole
I'm not gonna turn hello Internet today
I'm gonna wax my butthole PMS of yous
out there that don't understand just
continue to not understand I don't think
there's ever been TMI on this video
these videos I mean cuz you hasn't
literally seen the inside of my head my
brain so I don't think there's anything
I can't talk to you or show you your
head like freaking out
what do you guys think what are you
doing I'm pitching myself with this
bamboo pole it looks like you're picking
your nose with you when you guys see me
you're gonna be you won't even know it's
me you'd be like who's that guy alright
guys let's see how disgusting I am
that's a chair
this is my can just look at a camera
it's worse than the eyebrow really yeah
just a great way guys I'm not getting
there guys can we be best friends now
yes
so you've seen what's in my ear what's
in my brain it was on my nose now what's
in your head what's in my head pretty
much you've seen everything
I got it so gross how nice is my nose
look you're looking good so those the
Foley import' it's really gross I did I
give you $100 right now that like this
are you fucking kidding ladies night
okay I will cash the $100 dollar no I'm
not doing this you are so good oh yeah
war bonds I'm gonna tell us
$2,000 and one or two ribeye warleggan's
exactly turnout for three seconds yeah
if you guys are going to VidCon make
sure you come say hi if you're not at
VidCon don't worry subscribe here and
you will see all the VidCon goodness and
you will see all the VidCon goodness on
these vlogs every single day so forget
to subscribe and click that little like
button and I will see you guys tomorrow
as always have a great night toodles
bye guys I just buried myself
come could you love me
are we good
I had the door dad forgive me
enjoy thank you
crying I'm
