good morning internet time to give blood
all right come on let's try not to hurt
my arms Thank You Martha get in this
house thank you I know it kind of hurts
thank you for asking what are you
showing me their tire but I put that way
away I'm bad foot we're not going
anywhere until that Weiner is put away
that's a full-on red rocket bud that's
gross let me know guys Isis first time
ever on the golf cart what do you feel
that they tie reviews of the look
forward
you
is it a big eyes down
where we go hey mr. d welcome back bud
so Jack again diesels back so Tyson was
a little crazy yesterday so he needs to
take his pill and he doesn't want to
come ty can meet your pill there you go
it's your pill nope that's not your pill
it's your pillow eat it open your mouth
you're gonna eat it are you open up a
level does this conflict things out come
on Ally before she left put a paper
towel on Harley as a cape and she's been
walking around the entire yard with this
cape you have no idea do you right go
get
you're Superdog though I have my
freaking blood taken out and we are
waiting for the car to get some air in
it so we're just going to walk it around
go out that car to get that car I
actually looking at this car I didn't
know they had like an electric car right
now the next car when I can actually
drag that's tiny the next car when I
actually can drive will be an electric
car if I can drive like this me but like
I get the whole like if you like to star
but it is really that much better for me
I think what's bad about it is the
batteries cost so much and takes so much
like different stuff so making an
electric battery car is just as great
now as bad as doing fuel I don't know
the internet I'm sure you guys know this
is super pathetic and this is what I
think it's so weird the best like week
not every day but maybe like three days
out of this week I really have these
dreams and I like wake up and I wake up
because I'm freaked out here I'm afraid
you're like pranking me do things like
you're like shaving my eyebrows off or
something horrendous is happening hmm i
might be good idea I cool grave don't
make me tell the internet but I'll did
you it's not PG
oh boy basically what you're saying is
that she has these night terrors I'm
tear that mother fucka he just saw that
you hit me in public this is what's
bullshit oh I'm blind
and my mallards this is a very unfair
advantage seriously that's the ones why
you can't doubt right now the covers are
you here big right here
where we sit I know
does this shawn find out that hurt I lay
there is like something right there when
they
the needle it's like the numbing
whatever I could feel her pushing it up
here just write a book your brain
like now you're the commoner say
something now about the only one that
you had a poking brain let's get it get
it baby boo kick you in your baby balls
my gum eat my gum no it's like free till
it talks
unit
no come cuz you love me yeah get the gum
lela lela good dinner IRA good all right
girl so much fuel all over the place I
had the record ever are you giving me an
alien control on her face yes crying I'm
mopping to hurt me you guys all think I
have an idea no more no more I did care
i'm crying wait open your mouth oh good
girl who knows I hope take some the
shove in your mouth
no please honey stop
Jack I'll never let go I know you're
doing good now hi Zoe he's always a good
girl time did she just leap over she
wants the bounce house back that's
what's going on see how come say hi when
you calm down i say hi my heart will
sing it they go on go I always wonder
why Marley's always like jumping when
she runs but if you look very carefully
it's cuz she's jumping over poop so I'm
sure you guys remember they demise the
other golf cart was because of I didn't
know about this distilled water in the
batteries so I'm just checking them now
and it looked good I think I'd only
honest no no one looking for but I think
they look good I think it's long as you
don't see the greats I don't see any
grades mmm still battery acid look at me
like I know what I'm doing ever since we
moved into this new house I've been
feeling totally like mr. Charles fix it
best dinner ever is breakfast for dinner
Brenner I never met a person doesn't
like breakfast for dinner maybe I'll put
a little food on there I don't know
might be crazy today I hope you enjoyed
today's video I'm going to get some
sleep right now and then I'm getting a
haircut tomorrow so i can look nice and
snazzy for a big con make sure to go to
the big cons website or the app or
whatever check out the schedule I'm not
a hundred percent sure right now what my
schedule is I always find out once i get
there see whatever panels i'll be on
with a couple
and i know i'll be on a couple panels
with shay Jesse and Gina and bunch of
other friends so definitely go make sure
to check out the schedule so Ali and I
can make sure to say hi to you guys and
we will see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night toodles bye guys I
was trying to curtsy but doesn't work
that you can't see you all you see is
this so doodles I guess
QP is up and he's going for the corner
shot and he got it he got all right guys
it's good because with a very very
intense
man in the Christmas colored outfit is
now taking control no cheating sir
go clean up babe just clean up so I knew
a pool shark
