you are a mean chicken salad sandwich
your chicken salad wrap Demi what are we
gonna do they
doesn't help when everyone looks at me
is everyone getting a tan out here
she's got this burst of energy going on
right now
you're getting a tan out here bud
where's Zoey where'd she go I see two
dogs we're supposed to have three the
hell there she is you hiding you know
Butthead I got my bitches on my
shoulders we're going to the beach we're
going to lay down and be super neat I
pull some curious what is what does the
whole thing on the box a spoiler so
what's a spoiler doing on a neon is what
you're asking what's the point well in a
race car keeps the car down forced to
the ground ello the street on a Dodge
Neon I have no idea
let me name is my early i'm going to get
to the beach I want to play in the water
it actually looks like she's your body
has a dog head right now and will you
speak it just looks like Marley's yeah
right what do I do no II do want the gun
the water we got Marley the leader ties
or taking up the rear sweet old time we
decided to take a nice little stroll on
the beach walk a boardwalk this isn't
really a boardwalk the cement walk the
trail this is not a trail this is a
man-made trail okay drowned on the list
no crappy rain in sight
notice that Zoe listen actually sits
like a kangaroo
Weaver got a bowl so Ali got all nature
fide made a bowl out of leaves pretty
smart minor from fern gully ferngully
see you guys you don't need a bowl or
anything plastic just fine a frickin
relief char's walk you down to it's like
a little like snack stand and he's gonna
go see if there's water down there
because these guys are so hot and so
exhausted and my little nature water
bowl only worked for just a very short
amount of time so we're gonna try and
get them a little bit more water because
they're all panting pretty hard
beautiful outfits talk to them I just
think the trees out here so cool
that tree guys like that tree that I
completely blew over with my super
powers it's coming from over here girl
you want me to anywhere yeah good no
trying to do the dukan like Bob Duke in
three players her brain is all over the
place more than we got more than mine
cuz they're just like I access
additional crack it wasn't listening to
go yes my be bad but um just cuz I was
not seem to go ha looky Duke it what's
that from street fighter i think you
mean Mortal Kombat Mortal Kombat
tradition
finish it in
are you can have deal in there
there's a Skyway Bridge
so Ali's gonna make some delicious tacos
I'm gonna go try to get you guys a nice
sunset if it wants to work
oh are you meaning to get it on the
house I'm not doing anything with the
way the house
perfect that'll work how are you gonna
get it I'm not just apply it off good we
came home I guess I have to reset it
found on how to reset it for now
and I'm missing the sunset please i want
to play with my boy yeah yeah my toy now
you return it doesn't see Jason joke Oh
No
ah Ali I just ate a bug I hope that
wasn't going haha belt belt dreed stay
away from the trees
Oh God we're ready for the catch prey
the trees you son of a bitch oh the
terrible catch your own emergency
retrieval mission is a go great water is
going all over the place I see it
beeping like in the jungle how many
spiders and snakes do you think are in
there you sir almost ate my toy and
until you get a fixed it can maneuver
outside those jaws of a rancor Ali made
some delicious tacos for tacos Sunday
yeah let's see a little message on
traditional it was Sunday as opposed I
did not set a place for you you gotta
get down my barber no come on now that
I'm up yeah thank you I remember growing
up that would be the thing don't make me
get up then we're in trouble it's like
you up a mushy no trouble cute baby girl
good little girl so mr. Tyson got in a
fight with the propellers and I had them
I had to clean his little mouth a little
bit
I know you're about to do something so
you know you have to clean it up oh
wash clean this up no I trust me I would
make sure not to get my computer more
than anything Jeannie twister it's so
easy though bout to Pete you got that p
look in his face look at this water
water oh poor satrip there's the drips
come on I would say look honey look at
the water right down there look look a
fellow this glass house is leaking you
want a glass of water yeah screw
yourself so yeah he was like your face
looks like you couldn't comprehend what
was going on well if everybody would
like to know he wasn't spraying me it
was spraying everywhere else and then
finally it hit me after I just click the
most beautiful meal in the kitchen
cooking for hours I want to go back to
shine I just shut your mouth stripes
stripes hope you enjoyed going out on a
prank I kind of like that feel like it's
a way to do it I hope you enjoyed
today's video don't forget to subscribe
as a brand new and don't forget guys if
you want the hats they're still
available but CTFxC merge calm i will
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night and we'll see you tomorrow
doodles by us
how
girls who pees up and he's going for the
corner shot and he got it he got all
right god is good because was a very
very intense game man in the Christmas
colored outfit is now taking control no
cheating sir
go clean up and they'll clean up till I
knew a pool shark
