good morning internet I just want to
show you something okay diesel wants to
go outside but it's currently raining
he's been bugging us all morning what
are you doing here to go pee okay sig
nope nope never mind never behind last
day is always the crappiest part yeah
anyway last day of chemo I think it's
the last round I think that they want me
to do like maybe every other month or I
could technically stop for a while I
don't know see he's doing it again watch
our again go there Tico go like no don't
go again all right internet let's play
where's the Marley what are you doing I
love the fact that they have reverse
years so yesterday was kind of like a
break day we decided to do like a
challenge video for the vlog which is
still a vlog because technically that's
what we did that day a lot of people
have been suggesting taking a break but
as you guys saw we got the updated world
record so there's no way in hell I'm
just going to stop filming so we thought
maybe doing something like maybe every
Friday this once a week would be kind of
cool because it would allow us to have
kind of a break day which as you guys
know it's still not a break but edit
switches things up a little bit so we
thought it'd be a little fun you guys
noticing my beard is gone I know I look
like 10 years younger anyway what I was
saying about the challenge thing if you
guys didn't see yesterday's video we
should go watch it we did what's called
the tin can challenge which sounds
confusing but is very very simple and
very disgusting actually I don't want to
tell you one but it was kind of like a
landslide on this video what you doing
you weirdo
Zoey I know okay i'm a meanie come here
Ghost Dog no one two three I love how we
started off saying hey no dogs on bed
they own the bed now I like to call this
Charles up close and personal so what do
you guys send me this on Twitter it's an
optical illusion hold on stare at that
dot for 20 seconds and then look
directly at the sky where there's no
trees creaking you see it it's very
faint you can see like a rainbow ok I'll
show you guys right now so you can pause
the screen take maybe your phone outside
I don't know if it'll work let's stare
at that dot for 20 seconds and now look
up at the sky see I see it you guys when
I go for a walk yeah that is cool as the
other day if you guys didn't see
yesterday this happens it's gonna go for
a walk I don't know who did it but
somebody made a gift or jibs always
gonna be a gift when I could call it
Jeff made a gift because technically the
Creator called it jiff somebody made a
silly made a gift somebody made a gift
of the thing and posted to Reddit and
apparently overnight it became the
number one Reddit like post yeah
yeah it really did I am on my way to
take diesel to go hang out with his
grandma you made your Grammy char's I
get one of you because I'm really not
cool with baby talk I hate it when
couples do that but when it comes to my
dog for some reason I'm kind of I kind
of baby talk and I never really realized
that I didn't until just recently but
whatever i guess it's okay if it's your
dog diesels going back to my moms coast
she she has a little diesel withdrawals
kind of like what I do I decided to try
to teach myself around the area just
kind of like how it was before okay I'll
remember that one next time better get
some medication and guess what I forgot
my wallet I appreciate the hell out of
Ali driving me all over the place but
it's just one of those things you know
you kind of feel helpless if you can't
do anything on your own so it's kind of
nice to have this guy back where's the
girls baby where the hell we want to
call this thing this golf cart back to
where i can actually function a little
bit but i feel normal now that I have
this thing running other than the fact
that my stomach is killing me right now
okay ready good
we're all taking naps because i said so
we're taking a nap so I'll be right back
you're supposed to go away I just got my
workout in feeling good feeling pumped
kind of hurting Becca no I guess that's
normal thank you for bringing me my shoe
let go thanks for not eating it I'm
proud of you okay will you park up I
think he's telling you that your feet
smell is that what smells huh yes that's
exactly what I thought I know that we
always talk about the chemo and how it
makes him feel sick but sometimes they
think that I'm talking about it makes
him feel better because I don't know
what he's going through honestly he can
tell me that he doesn't feel good and
you could say kind of sucks but you know
I don't know what it's like I really
don't know what it's like can I feel bad
for him because you know how he is he's
always so vibrant and yes which energy
and he never listening then get him down
but just past two rounds just kind of
really hit him hard I know that he just
wants to feel better for VidCon so we're
gonna let him rest a little bit and if
he's up to do something we'll do
something but if not it's gonna be a
boring day and you know what those
sometimes are the funnest days so I know
we'll find something to do check out
that sky
so we decided to do a late night bowling
match because Ali feels really bad about
losing and she wants to win for a change
I think how they lucked out because as
packed as you can see what i see a
basketball hoop over there i challenge
you to a game of basketball look you
can't play basketball here all the balls
are over here I've got none Alex got to
shoot me is up and he's going for the
corner shot and he got it he got all
right guys it's good because a very very
intense game man in the Christmas
colored outfit is now taking control no
cheating sir
go clean up babe go clean up come on you
a pool shark you have this day ball has
to go in the hole how did I not get it
is like
just swipe it in
you wear now the chief
just freaking one hi hey you
I'm not do you swear I swear are you
kidding
Robin
963 I lost myself
Mayfair it's a 90 songs if he's doing
that I know all the words to so bad from
me
Oh
Oh
all my friends coming to hang out about
anyway guys hope you enjoyed today's
video don't forget to subscribe you guys
are brand new and we will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
toodles bye see you tomorrow don't
forget to click the little like button
to you guys first lucky number seven Oh
what is it damn yes I don't know no
don't even wait
now you must be truthful that's all feel
the whole game okay did you not just
people of my house I should get some
serious than that kiss me know
favorite Derek okay
I actually feel sick this is smelling it
I'm desperate it's bad that how to my
life come to
