good morning Internet we have a special
treat for you this Friday I think we're
gonna try something new every single
Friday it is always good morning
Internet Internet technically it's
morning somewhere hey guys as you can
tell us something a little bit different
about the vlog we thought it'd be kind
of fun to do something a little bit
different maybe like every Friday at
least once a week we're gonna start
doing a little bit of a challenge like I
don't know we're gonna call it Freaky
Friday that sounds fun Friday it's
pretty lame to Friday that was like this
is where you queuing and you put
something funny for every reason what
we're doing this is because we don't
want to ever take a day off of filming
cuz yesterday you saw we got the
Guinness World Record updated so here
why you gotta be so cool if we thought
that it would be fun to do something
just a little bit different one day a
week so that we can kind of have a
normal day a little normal day a little
me in the Hamptons you know what I mean
actually that's the life I wanted to
Sally time
and we saw a lot of people do in the tin
can challenge I know we're a little late
to the game but but basically you take
you know five or six really gross things
that are canned and then you'd also take
five or six you know things that are
candid are delicious but I think you'll
able everything with a number and you
put the numbers in the Hat they come out
and then yeah like take a spoonful vocal
and you can't spit it out
I'm kind of hoping that I just get these
and as you can see we got some pretty
nasty stuff over here that's a pink
salmon BAM - jalapeno mushy peas I got
this one
and tomato paste because Ally hates
tomatoes and ketchup no I know I like
tomatoes finally catch up there
sometimes
I'm good say we have some country cherry
pie filling mandarin oranges which i
love apple village - pie filling chunk
pineapple and last not least Gerber
jellied cranberry sauce you know some
Thanksgiving it's like I win does that
mean I'm gonna want to lose so it's
whoever loses go first yeah yeah
terrible way to play that game
Rock Paper Scissors shoot first
well no oh my god I just dropped it
you're just a little spat going right
now 9 we got 9 Reger I can tell that's a
good one
is a good one I think soaks I think all
good things come in rich kids let's open
it see that looks like the cherry
filling I'll take a big old plate of
this cherry filling take a big spoon
spoon say cherry pie filling
hmm well my plan is only having the good
has just ended just one cherry I want to
turn 3 the little one which makes me
nervous you could smell the beginning
yes food something I can say good until
2017 frightens me are you
ally doesn't like anything to do with
ketchup just Tomatoes in the Roth warm
and I like salsa
Oh God look at that look at that
yummyness really Oh see this is a bad to
me I don't know why they chose this I
think we chose it solely on okay a big
spoon that's a big spoon that is a big
spoonful airplane
they're pinning someone in the dog mouth
hanger neither clothed yourself even eat
that it's so good all right put that
over going Yeah right there Ben oh we
got five got five you're spilling it
everywhere it actually smells awful
they'll smell it I'm not gonna smell it
it's pineapple chunks it smells awful
look you're like trying to make me feel
better by telling you that pineapple
smells bad this smells all whole mmm so
bro
this is my good stuff it's bullshit you
can't have this it does not bear do they
share I don't want yours the thing too I
never actually everything frightens me
oh no I can't do it you have to do it
this right here is bad news like fish
food this looks like human skin go for
it you're not eating gelatinous ham I
don't get this ham in there be too
expensive
what is it oh my god it's got jelly
honey you know no don't
don't help me seriously this is like I
kind of know for a dollar ninety-nine
you're not getting Han well thank you
come or deliver that bad
people use all the time but it's not
terrible but Pam grossed me out
it's not him the hibbett sold spam okay
wasn't that terrible but it was pretty
gross the thought of eating candy em I
know you can't tuna but can't keep
saying and you're just wishful thinking
right there after all - seriously it's
fine I feel like you never ever open the
can before I don't like this game
anymore oh oh no this might be bad hmm
there's so terrible why you ten can
angels just be on my side I can't tell
what this is everything about canned
cranberry yeah she finally locked out
silver I'm digging this freaking
challenge I'm diggin it's baking
challenge Oh how's the pebble subtends
bore it's another good is it a good one
all the good ones are good I deserve it
you want every freaking challenge
okay so missing bullshit what is this
they have a pie filling no dark
it's because you want all the other damn
challenges you know and I think if you
get all good ones and you have to use a
bootcamp on no yes I'm sorry I've read
some more left is about 108 what happens
we can't open the family you son you did
that on purpose I don't know how much
manage to get every crappy one on our
list
oh what a coinkidink it's just gonna be
a spoonful of jalapenos it's not my nose
right now it's like on fire and i just
opened the camp
all right that's a joke okay just do a
dig big bite that carrot is a carrot
that's nice you got a carrot I'm so
sleep you got a carrot
mmm
no no do you know what let's move your
piece this is actually not there no
would make it better
no but it was they wasn't recording the
first time so I actually have to do it
twice you can have this let's I don't
think that time it was coming I just got
there perfect timing go with numbers
lucky number seven Oh what is it pink
salmon yeah I don't know no don't you
mean the wait no he's big spoonful
that's a whole deal the whole game okay
did you not just see the hot
I should get some zoos than that kiss me
no they're just letters shut your mouth
favorite there
okay I actually feel sick smelling it
I'm desperate
it's bad how to my life come to this let
me just show you what happened today
this was mine and then over here was
Ali's disgustingness of it look pickled
jalapenos I hope you enjoyed today's
challenge day if you guys have any more
challenges please let us know so you
want to do one of these at least once a
week kind of like a little fun day
Friday whatever like I said that's a
stupid name stupid little thing alright
anyway don't forget to subscribe to us a
brand new and we will see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night I
guess salmon some new weird fetishes
it's not turning me on
hello girls they got no offense to
anybody that like something you dirty
boy congratulation 2015 oh it's so full
of each other
so that means I'm taking off I'm
training on more people on so funny we
did the game guys we saw since 2000 260
days
what was your
