if you guys can't already tell from that
stupid montage I don't feel very good
right now where's the other one we're
missing one
Zoey need a little puppy party over here
there she is
yourself at home all right now we have
authentic puppy party it's like every
other chemo dose like my stomach gets
really really bad I don't know if it's
like the build-up or whatever it is last
one was kind of crappy too wasn't it
well it's whatever it is I'm waiting
desperately for the golf cart to get
charged and then I get to ride out again
what what what what today we get the
updated version of the Guinness World
Record so today we again break a world
record so I should be here in the next
couple hours unless the mailman loses it
I don't know about you but I'm like
freaking excited it's interesting
because every day of the CTFxC vlogs so
long as I don't miss one we're setting a
new world record basically you guys
really we're gonna high five one two
three - you broke your computer I'm
sorry
blame it on Zoey or Marley or diesel
excuse me Marley I'm trying to talk to
the Internet
could I talk to the Internet please is
it cool thank you
cuz as a kid I would always flip through
the Guinness World Record books in fact
there's one that I have for my mom from
the 70s cuz I used to always read those
things to actually see that we've
actually set a world record it's
something that I'm like extremely proud
of so we're waiting for Ali to get back
and we're waiting for the new world
record plaque to get here so I promise
the second it gets here we will open it
together it's gonna go for a walk these
wasn't trying so hard to do what
Marley's been doing you tries to act
like her so much so funny alright
everyone's gonna hate you I just
realized that all the leashes
are currently in the car alright guys we
gotta go in the back for 15 minutes okay
you know what it let's go in the
golf cart 15 minute golfer
come on come on let's go for a little
ride good boy everyone doing good
so once again I got us all lost and we
have one knotch left on the battery oh I
got to learn this place a little bigger
this is a fun where you guys all usually
get to see all the fun hair off the
mailman that's finally coming oh you
what this is diesel do you know this is
what Texas Tennessee oh yeah I gotta
hide it so really great job of me I know
six super package right great
leave this here suppose you jumped on it
tossed it around a little bit but I
promise it's opens up in Gary's
packaging I feel like that's what makes
it more fun it's the fact that it's
ruined and then you're like birds the
box is all messed up and then you're
like oh my god did it make the trip yeah
yeah oh gosh oh that's so cool the new
CTFxC world record hey congratulations
that's like a what like a like it turns
people on like peeling things off of TVs
yes right now it's like one of those
things that people would have to really
like to do well the internet it was good
turn on it that's I heard it yeah you
know what
it doesn't surprise me there's so many
weird fetishes it's not turning me on
yeah all right so these guys are no cool
hey oh that's so girls so they got no
fans to anybody that likes those things
you do it fast
yes you dirty boy uh-huh
this is awesome all right so
congratulations
so the CPAC it is now Loeb record is now
updated in 2015 oh that is so cool of
each other so I'm so cool
so that means you're big
and I'm taking off I'm turning out more
people on so funny we did the gay guys
so since two thousand two hundred sixty
days was yours Illinois this one's for
one thousand five hundred sixty-five
days as a August 12 2013 is a different
consecutive daily personal video blogs
person on YouTube is 1565 videos and it
was achieved by Charles Trippy for his
video blog channel internet killed
television
you're officially amazing that's so
awesome it's different
they got this little thing out that's
cool you like this they say to kid
that's no it is so amazing that's a huge
accomplishment I'm proud of you should
be proud of yourself that's the Internet
thanks for watching you guys use this
button that mean yeah smile yeah bitch
didn't know us filming you felt like a
photo I'm filming yeah I don't know what
this site I feel like I know I feel like
you shouldn't be doing that for your
sister honey you just ruined whatever
might have turned people on by rubbing
your nipple in your nipple you know God
that look that was the sexy look
hopefully the photos next up Robert I
need you here again he's so quiet uncle
Charlie he's only a few hundred are you
sure over these I got don't break my toy
you broke my toy here try this
just trust me it's edible yes it's
edible stick your tongue out inside
there well yeah that's the thing he ate
a lemon what did what makes you think
that he's not gonna like that
is that good when you doesn't know about
them then you see ah thank you guys you
take a fish you like it you like it
it's so weird is it so good oh we're not
take it up
why don't put so much X I wanted to see
that bass
no type yeah oh it's like a jolly
rancher no that is not like a jolly
rancher
you
is your mom up there that what's going
on yes we know they're upstairs Wow Zoey
thanks for heads up the other day when
we're at the celebration station going
on the go-karts and stuff this camera
actually filled up with memory so fast
so I decided to treat myself even though
it's not August 12th I thought I'd treat
Ally myself to a bigger SD card and
here's the trick guys find it in the
store and then look it up online and
they'll match it like same price hurry
up you're gonna get locked in she's like
getting locked in the electronic store
by the freaking dream like video games
all day all right so we got a little
mini tripod so when we do more challenge
videos if you guys ever saw what we were
using laugh at us good I ollie and then
we got some fast full SD cards
my mom's gonna watch this video is super
proud of me I saved a hundred and sixty
four dollars by shopping smart in a
couple weeks you know we're going to
VidCon but right after that we have a
show in Japan which is I haven't played
a show in Japan since was it the blue
blue fest or whatever it was called
beyond the blue was beyond the blue tour
we have that and then we have longer
vloggerfair buffer fest playlist in DC
and it just keeps you in a bunch of you
know fun little surprises where sprinkle
in here are there somewhere in there we
we've actually decided to take time to
breathe
ah all right so that's where we're at
right now
good old Florida and then we go hey old
chip how's it going it's gonna be like
hey how's it going Charles welcome back
has anyone in the comments actually
truthfully ever been to Antarctica maybe
this would make us feel a little bit
better and it oh wait why is that still
in there do it we're leaving that there
timer timer nine minutes why are you
help cooking today he's helping with the
cleanup actually all right Internet I'm
kind of feeling a little bit better you
feel better yeah everyone's kind of
getting a little bit better
Zoey's chillin actually it's kind of
funny he's always stomach was hurting a
little bit earlier today before you go
to bed I just want to say thank you
thank you thank you guys from the bottom
of our hearts for allowing the CTFxC to
continue the world record I just think
it's the coolest thing in the world and
I honestly I just want to say thank you
guys
at any rate I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video don't forget to subscribe
you guys are brand new and don't forget
to click that little thumbs up button
and we will see you guys tomorrow as
always remember guys you watching this
video you back over there watching the
video and you over there sitting on the
bed all you guys right there are a part
of a Guinness World Record I think
that's pretty cool all right
it's a bunch of turtles over there son
lay with me fine
darts yes Dean
Sheila she's gotten used to it you're
pretty say was they to the chemo and it
kind of got me in the stomach a little
bit thing is we're trying to do it early
cuz VidCon is next week so be honest
first VidCon so that's me kind of fun
did you sell pit and just can't pee in
it
well I'm about
