good morning Internet good morning
Internet yes I know yo got your floor
today we have to kind of repaint what
we're talking about the other day so we
can put the house on the market don't
jump on Mar please okay that's kind of a
dick move you get to run around the
house all wet you are so lucky
Marley are you lost
Hey Hey that was that all right you got
the cart don't you look at those flowers
to kill them all we have to go to the
paint supplies Ali still doesn't feel
good from yesterday some rollers some
paintbrushes anyone won't come paint my
house char's I'm feeling too hot today
so right now we're trying to gather
everything that we need to paint the
exterior thus the interior the house
telling them I like applaud people that
do this it's like their everyday job
because it just seems like so much work
and so crazy and there's just so much I
can focus on and when I
we're gonna try and keep this as short
as possible you get it done as quickly
as possible cuz we've to me there's
coming up next week VidCon which I'm
super excited about my very first VidCon
so we're gonna try and get this all
knocked out before we go to VidCon I
just noticed can you guys hear this
music I love this song they just have to
buy for whatever I broke it turning into
the period monster he's giving on Wii
it's okay big baby
you look cute um do you want me to
change your diaper you little baby
are you going so fast little baby I need
little nappy big baby
a normal person that doesn't want to you
know I think it's just it's a little bit
more challenging than we expected
see here's the thing is we're kind of
winging a lot of is like getting
professionals to tell us what to do but
then you really have no idea what we're
doing
every time somebody tries to help us
really all right we need to do this on
corner and then paint it and the guys
like well you gotta put mud and then you
gotta stand it you how to do this and
then you'll flip upside down and we got
a good takeout dinner and we're just
like
who would have thought you would have
traded and Best Buy for Home Depot with
every aisle he goes down the monster
gets more and more angry than more paint
he sees his anger Rises the home depot
monster nail hole in Catholic Durham are
you losing in mind I go home feeling a
little worse all the time be sick sick I
had yesterday you only have four days
that you get out of the moment
technically I think that's fair actually
because I only get a few days out of the
month so then that means you get only a
few days period very twisted little
stick for the guess it connects to the
put it in Spanish you're back it's such
a cool story right tell me it again so
I'm adding another story again I don't
feel like good my brain isn't
functioning very well okay you're blonde
that's semester stupid yeah maybe I'm
just pulling a Jessica Simpson minute I
didn't understand the joke at first I
didn't know the brand that's why it's
cuz I'm the blonde well I knew it was
tuna fish but I didn't know what she was
getting is this okay fish hey I'm
Charles
come on cubby we need the broomstick
bring it with us
thank you good boy bud so we pick up the
tape thank you thanks rude I'm gonna
paint you white or purple or yellow or
red whatever you want to be Marley if
you want to match Zoey I'll pitch you
black come in diesel do you want to
match Zoey - all right so this is the
first room were tackling wait did you
only bring one of those Oh
all right so this is before and we're
gonna do and lovely after afterwards
after afters think I'm gonna mind
I hate being especially for a room like
a closet where is this immediately gonna
be coverup and clothes don't wanna make
it look nice it's just a new what's
making it more difficult is the fact
that they're two things come up in here
yeah I know they're shelving all over
here but if you've watched our blog and
that's trying to do the show band the
other day our our new house there's no
way in hell I'll play these off the wall
and then try and cane them putting them
back on the wall just wouldn't work now
with our brains
I hate this idea so much you know if you
play my war paint on
looks like I'm gonna be shaving my beard
today anything on my face okay
Farley keeps going in here what's in
that mark that where the food once was
this is a joke this is not cool joke so
I feel like that's all the work that you
have done today
otherwise I are gonna start punching
holes and just backtracking everything I
don't know if they're gonna let you go
poop in there
if you had diarrhea baby just waiting at
home does it affect everyone I just
realized I'm the one with this on my
face I hate how it just assumes my cup
holder it's so freakin lonely in fact
look it's that lonely
it's got Marley and drinks inside there
and he let you do it excuse me ma'am
thank you I only choose very very select
areas to do that it just so happened to
be winter and I'm just gonna dump all
over no it's a mess in there for you
tear it up in there are you making any
funny anyway you're taking all the fun
out of it
no everybody get at it
we come lay with me fine I was at she's
gotten used to it was day two of the
chemo and it kind of got me in the
stomach a little bit thing is we're
trying to do it early because VidCon is
next week it's gonna be Alex first
VidCon so that's me kind of fun give
yourself it and not to count like it
disease you know you want to smile
amazing it the hats are still on sale
the limited edition ones are sold out
which is crazy but the other ones one I
was wearing today I mean the black one
with a brim are still available if you
wanna get limited supply also some
people were asking if there was some
coming to VidCon guys only fifty to
VidCon altogether only fifty so when you
get the VidCon go straight to the dftba
booth we have a little special special
thing we're getting in the mail tomorrow
oh yeah yeah you didn't I didn't tell
you about it I just got an email
tomorrow so she doesn't even know what
it is
hey we will definitely see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand new say
anything
by all means nope I'm over it I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video please don't
forget to subscribe you guys are brand
new and we will see you guys tomorrow as
always hit that like button have a great
night toodles toodles Hey
poodles y'all like that we're down here
hope y'all hope yeah go hit that receipt
only for got it give Danny for let me
give these away
so I did my way to a little kid now
Danny's trying to find the perfect ship
to give it away to
