somebody in the internet did some
calculations did some scientific
calculations the last seizure before
that one I just had was two months so I
think that's the longest I've ever gone
knock on wood I'm proud of you and it's
been like a super my Brenner gets a
stressful few months especially moving
into a house I think tomorrow we're
gonna go to celebration station was back
and Danny I am gonna destroy at the
go-karts I know it Ali got outlawed from
Chuckie Cheese I think it years old
stepping on that no all right they okay
this is what doesn't make sense and this
is what makes me really angry so I'm
eight eight I'm not even I'm not even
double digits yet I'm eight years old
somehow every time I would put the coins
into the machines it would just feed out
all the tickets and I was like wow I'm
just I'm magic I can't help it I can't
help it I know every game though and I
got outlawed they thought I was like
breaking the Machine at eight years old
Internet do you ever do the thing when
you get on two sides of the ticket and
gently pull phone gently pull for it
firmly does that make sense and it just
keeps pulling tickets out oh yeah we're
switching hands cuz Ali's hand was
slowly falling over and me Melissa would
basically tag team on the skee-ball she
would get up at the top part and I'd
roll it up she'd catch it and she'd pop
it in the hundred every time totally
cheating people pay a lot of money for
help
cow poop commoner yeah and then when dog
poop is like yeah you know I think it's
because cows eat a lot of grass
traditionally Oh guys getting tired huh
one of my favorite things let's never
hood is all the trees oh you're so
pretty - such a pretty decent boy hey
snazzy hat she knows it I think that's
what makes you look good remember how we
were talking about how that's storm just
like knocked down everything this is one
of the trees that it knocked down in our
neighborhood it's just so crazy just
recently sold and I'm not even
exaggerating like three weeks later
their tree gets knocked down in that
storm so that's so awful century yard
come on over here come on I think I'm
gonna take a little nap because I'm
pretty exhausted I like kind of noticed
that my eyes were kind of getting really
really droopy sleepy because today
actually you have to restart another
dose of chemo which you know it sucks in
itself but it is what it is which while
I'm down here
perfect segue guys know our sponsor of
the CTFxC Lisa the the mattress company
if you go to Lisa comp CTFxC you get a
$75 discount to buy a super awesome
mattress that's just as good as any of
those other tempur-pedic things I know
because I've been actually sleeping on
this for the things about a month and a
half now I don't know if you guys have
noticed that this is our main bed now
and the one that I bought about a year
ago it's like one of those really super
tempur-pedic ones I paid a lot of money
for it's upstairs we don't even use it
anymore this one's so much better I know
it sounds like I'm just trying to be a
mattress salesman and blabbity blah blah
blah before I keep going you also get a
hundred night trial date night rot I
guess would be yes is we sleep during
the day you get a hundred day night
trial if you don't like it you send it
back for every ten mattresses they give
a special mattress to the homeless like
the home shelters so it's like you know
not only you're putting your butt and
some nice and comfortable but you're
helping others put their butts on
something comfortable I hear it but I
don't care you do the math because
they're guaranteed for ten years right
ten years
if you just keep it on the minimum 10
years then you're like oh I don't want
any more and if you do all the math on
that I promise
unless I did it wrong it comes out to
around 25 cents a night which coming
from somebody like myself I've toured
some pretty crappy hotels and Crabbie's
places come to find a bed for like 25
cents and that's actually comfortable
and not infested bedbugs or spiders
worth it
all right guys I'm gonna shut up just go
check it out so back at the old house I
got to get some old computers and some
hard drives and don't make fun of me my
VCR because I'm trying to convert some
old family stuff into digital so I
actually need a VCR which surprisingly
it's actually kind of hard to get a
working VCR raise your hand in the
comments if you have one of those VCRs
last DVD players for some reason those
always crack me up it's like some of the
verge of Technology but nobody really
wanted to commit all right time to move
the big baby so Big Daddy or Big Mama of
Big Poppa Big Brother it's kind of funny
there's Big Poppa Big Momma big sister
but there's really no we call my big you
know talk about like when does like
cliche what are you talking about
basically what do you call something
something like this is my big momma
truck or a big pop-up Thunder this makes
sense makes sense my head at one point
I'm just gonna blame it on the ativan I
had to take I didn't think I have to
basically take extra ativan what I'm
buying chemo just to make sure my brain
goes at rest tent calms down which it
definitely feels like it's doing so I'm
just gonna blame it on the ativan and
that the fact they poked my head twice
look at this this seems so old you
serial ports a computer from 2007
ancient now I'm just talking to myself
who remembers those days when you wanted
to take a selfie on your computer you
had to use a third-party thing like a
webcam well like an idiot the entire
point to come today was to take down the
shelving and kind of clean things up and
past the walls but guess what we did do
we even remember any tools such as beans
one more time
you know what's nice is that how easy
their shelving looks like and how big of
a pay me I suppose was so any rooms that
are white we have to paint any moves
that colored nobody usually gathers
things and I thought when you pack stuff
it it creates a different remember what
that was or if I did that or what I'm
just gonna I'm just go see what I did
that we're gonna leave most of the rooms
like the lid the living room the red
here the greenish blue where the hell
that is
just call me Ferris Bueller just chillin
on the hood of the car
hey baby hey kenick oh you want to get
off you want to drive huh and what have
we learned today it's sitting on goods
of cars gives you cookies the court
rolls attack again so I'm early
hey dog this is a dog now that you
tackled sir what are you going to do now
who's gonna win in the race of peanut
butter do you like peanut butter sir my
favorite thing is when she goes
cross-eyed looking at it
you see on the top of her head you'll
flick peanut butter on your head you
just saving it for later
well I'm gonna be honest right now so I
just got done doing that no no you hang
out with me I just took the ad again and
one thing that event does is it makes me
really goofy the goofy and sleepy but
are you from outer space the badass is
out of this world get it cuz it's a
planet it's another good one you must be
a keyboard cuz you're just my type
are you a camera because every time I
look at you I smile ah I think you're
suffering from a lack of vitamin E
I'm just googling these at this point if
you were vegetable you'd be a cute
cumber no one call me Nemo because I'm
never afraid to touch the but I can't
say I said proudly but I did say this to
girls in school
I lost my number can I borrow yours that
did I break the ice I used that one too
are you made up of copper and tellurium
as a nerd joke this is Google that was
copper and hilarium the scientific
things at CU teehee
kissing burns 64 calories a minute want
to work out if you were a triangle you'd
be a cute one like cute triangle yeah is
your name Google cuz you got all the
stuff I'm looking for there are 21
letters in the alphabet right no never
mind
I miss you are a cutie do you have a
library card cuz imma checking you out
you can't spell beautiful without you
you also can't spell beautiful without f
you
all right I'm taking a shower I'm
delirious I'm out of this this ativan
stuff makes me so freakin delirious oh I
got another one there's something wrong
with my phone I feel like that one would
work all the time if you were a
transformer you'd be a jato bot with
Optimus fine don't get one kiss it
worked so I don't know if I mentioned
earlier I have to take another round of
the wonderful thing that is chemo
everything's been doing really well so
it's kind of one of those things you
know you don't want to rock the boat or
anything like that because things are
doing well so I'm gonna pop these in all
right guys if you guys are brand new
don't forget to subscribe and I will see
you guys tomorrow as always wish me luck
bye guys toodles oh boy town with acacia
Valley's piloting right now don't lose
my toy I said you can't do worse than I
did I've lost three of these things the
right one forward comes towards us
yeah yeah and then if you do a
combination of the left and the right it
does like little things
everyone's got their leases on properly
but then if you look at Zoe she snuck it
off you know what I'm gonna allow it
I'm gonna loud cuz you were sneaky
diesel you're going to timeout up to
this they see your side there these on
this peed all over your dick diesel see
so this is the second time you peed on
Marley Marley
