good morning guys happy Thanksgiving we
are rushing right now to meet up with my
family and then we're doing Ali's family
tomorrow Ali made these delicious things
I
yeah the grandma's secret these are the
things I've been actually eating and
then the pie just hitting them pie from
you so I pretty much okay I'll be back
in the car if you guys don't know much
about Ali she can make a damn good pie
here it is right there oh man it looks
good
excuse me ma'am this is my filming
domain Brad where's the fiancee working
you don't say Ali she's working right
now
hey Dad not the camera always rolling
what you guys doing being men out here
of all your costs
biggest thing I was still finale
so since my mom has more animals than I
do
I told her to get a robot and she did
but you don't know how to use it
it's wispy automatic takeover and maybe
they ride them they want they want to
ride it
that'll be a viral video cats love it
Rika is getting kind of interested so
here we are at Thanksgiving and Charles
has found something electronic to work
on in the turkey is not so we got Turkey
and there's ham over there and mashed
potatoes which are my favorite and
stuffing there you go grandma you would
be proud everyone ate them little did
they know that I'd drop them on the
floor before I gave Mary I'm just
kidding so Black Friday starts today
early and usually it's just being trippy
over here
and this one over here
525 things in the store for a dollar Ali
is actually going to come with us this
time never ever comes but she's going to
come out it's gonna laugh and then go
over to me the difference I'm waiting to
see what most of us I think she's more
OCD than I am things things with Melissa
I remember that when she was little
really things couldn't touch each other
Melissa's organized I'm going to stir it
up Brad how organized are you on your
plate so okay you're the middle ground
that makes sense
well you least you're not like this
there's nothing wrong the second that
touches that you're not gonna eat it you
see any food yeah you got you got you on
the corner on that one here is way too
organized it's really not see if you
just do this that way can just put all
in one giant thing okay so my wife does
this it's in do it and you're really
good no you gotta put it back like this
one eye up here they're like I'll caught
cockeyed there yeah and now it's a nice
little smiley face well the truth this
is Hailey's pumpkin pie I've ever told
you guys about Zoey she oh she's on the
dot I've never been another dog like
this every 12 hours on the dot that she
doesn't eat she can't even hear stomach
is all goofy and I have to spend like a
good 10-15 minutes taking food slamming
it down her throat until her appetite
and once she gets to this mode this is
my favorite mode so she pulls it out and
I take one colonel and his
where Marly comes in he gets her coffee
so I give her the one like that she's
like doesn't want her food taken so she
starts eating Marley is an intricate
part of making her eat yeah but I don't
know what it is if I miss like right now
I missed unfortunately seven o'clock we
met in the theater at 7:00 a.m. and 7:00
p.m. but it's right now what time is it
it's shoot it's a little late now it's
like 8:30 p.m. so that's that's my bad
Zozo I'm sorry
help me help me you're such a good your
dear the key in this she's gotta have a
reason to eat and the reason is so you
don't take her food I get so happy when
it actually works definitely don't know
how I figure that out I think it was
just trial and error for the past few
years what are you doing over there
we got upstairs a lot so special
Thanksgiving is a Papa Chino and cat
achene oh that's okay this is for deed
Rica there you go Rica
there's just spooky that's like Rico
that's it
all right we're gonna try it
we're a little bit late there's no line
to the TVs are already going so we gotta
I'm dragon alley this one of us is not
feeling too good well it does look like
there's any shortage of televisions
that's for sure you know what's kind of
funny is like every time I come to these
things others at 16 that every time we
come to one of these things
sort of they're usually shortage of
there's usually such a shortage of TVs
but looks like they're just back to the
brim they've learned that they want they
can make money if they just leave more
Charles
it's my Christmas
I'm okay with it
I got two guests for family - all right
now
char that's a little excessive you don't
need all those things
do you can take a bath but we're gonna
go relax Thanksgiving together today I'd
like to go take a bath first time you've
ever exceeds are we happy about that
well I'll hang out with the cat and the
other cat dog we'll be best friends how
about that we'd be best friends
it's got a girls this pie TMI but watch
what Rico moves all right you know we
always say that she reminds us of a
monkey watch this
sure but it looks like a baboon but
she's got a little baboon butt Oh watch
out though but she has like a little
monkey a bonobo but go kitty go you want
to go get your edible
yeah she's got a bug boom but hey you
want to do you want one oh by the way we
got this like super cheap for like 200
bucks because do we ever show him what I
did on my TV yeah so we're doing the
time-lapse of the the making of this
floor thought by putting the clamp up
here it would be safe because it
wouldn't be touching the screen lo and
behold that is not the case so Internet
I guess technically killed television
right here because I was doing this for
the Internet I know which are pretty big
so look at this look how pretty it looks
watch the lines honey stop it's broken
this didn't even bother me I was not
bothered by this at all fine it was a
little artistic and a little flavor to
the you know the shows I'm serious when
I say stop stop it just stop it it looks
prettier now it's more artistic okay
I'll stop it turkey messes with your
brain that kind of does but I wanted to
show you guys this this was my bad very
stupid move and hopefully you guys
learned from my stupid mistakes I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video it was
kind of nice a nice low-key day hanging
out with friends and family tomorrow is
part two we're doing Ali's sister and
mom and dad and then we're meeting up
with my dad so it's just like a lot of
traveling back and forth but it was nice
it was nice little key thing I hope you
guys are safe on Black Friday by the way
at CTFxC eMERCOM do we are actually
having a Black Friday sale so go check
that out I'm not sure what the discount
is but makes for a good holiday gift
it's a shameless plug
I know but whatever just to let you guys
know I will see you guys tomorrow as
always don't forget to subscribe and
goodnight
