whoops how's it so it's Sunday and I'm
you read my best and we are gonna go
have brunch cuz it finally stopped
raining I feel like I talked about the
rain every single day but we figured
let's go be classy and have brunch I
think that's classy way just got done
editing and i'm just going to show you
this devin and Ally look like like
modern farmers right now I'm just gonna
go give them a Reich over there they
gotta be careful the dog I think it just
stepped in this is our morning guys yeah
all right Dinah you need a more sturdy
hat I just so happen to have a brand-new
sturdy hat product placement oh my god
you got what's the trick doesn't like
that hat you're cooler than I did
Dick Tracy have you even seen that movie
thank God
what's up Dee he's like hide my head
hide my head everyone else is just like
art we get it it's okay a big old baby
boy live jokes the other day no I go I
love the fact that diesel is now
learning how to be a crazy dog like
Marley since I ability to take so many
pills and I wanted to start taking
vitamins didn't want to take just
another pill I got gummies make me feel
like I'm having a treat too crazy
massacre of dogs right now yeah I know
everyone's being crazy you guys look I
gotta fight with Wolverine one no woman
The Wolverine one Diesel's just like a
giant Marley just whining but he's like
how big is diesel night like 50 pounds
sixty pounds 7pc 70 pounds as always i
think is always like 40-something so a
bunch of people reminded me that i have
the drone and that that i forgot but
it's just because in the move you kind
of it's not like you forget forget it's
just you kind of forget i don't know if
that makes any sense but in the move I
kind of forgot that I brought it with me
thought I was still at the other house
so weird start flying around in the park
I dude think Ali got us lost no I know
we're at anything
you're at I'm not sure I didn't think
you did the court rolls attacked us no I
think this is called stupidity court
rolls no looks like I always got our
hands full al you got your hands full of
pause very proud of that one
yeah I was getting a little too cocky
got a little smells so bad a little too
cocky
I'm gonna room I have some shoes Oh
fishing line that's what happened it
wasn't my fault Ali's piloting right now
don't lose my toy actually you can't do
worse than I did I've lost three of
these things the right one for word
comes towards us yeah and then if you do
a combination of the left and the right
it does like little things
everyone's got their leashes on properly
but then if you look at Zoe she snuck it
off you know what I'm gonna allow it I'm
gonna allow it cuz you were sneaky
diesel you're going to timeout after
this we see your side there diesel just
peed all over your dick diesel diesel
this is the second time you peed on
Marley no Marley I'm just gonna start
calling diesel or Kelly yeah you're
peeling everything boreham r lee are
kelly you gotta stop peeing on things oh
so ah the way that it happened was they
both were like smelling something that
was on the ground and then Marley lifted
her head and just kinda looked forward
and diesel just lift his leg compete and
she just stood there like it's gonna so
we just got this cool little gift from
Sarah friendly there are simply sarah
art I think this is all it's like tribe
Tyler so um spray paint isn't it Zoe
look at you
diesel we gotta draw a little stick
figure on there for you you think okay
that's cool i'll just go pee on my leg
and she's over here zoey is like one of
those cartoons where the rain just
follows her everywhere she goes I shot d
she's like oh man this sucks I can't
seem to get away from the ring you
actually the one that needs it
Swiss with diesel again he's fun to mess
with
it's so not used to me
see oh man it sucks I think I've said
this a few times in vlogs already it's
so funny because Zoe Molly already know
my games and what I do like all the time
they're just like oh whatever oh it's a
robot now that's ok that's a flying
helicopter mmm oh that's a flying
spaghetti monster ok whatever good girl
Zoe might as well get all dirty before I
give you a bath enjoy it she's loving it
right now and so he know buddy wants
going to sprinklers sorry go into
sprinklers complain this wig lace we're
having so many issues with the lawn
right now I have no idea what's going on
right now as you can see right here it
seems to be dying it's already been
replaced once and I thought you know
maybe the sprinklers weren't getting to
it so I turned them all on the double
check and it looks like everything's
getting to it I have no idea what's
going on some poor partly just got a
bath after you peed on Marley however it
was a little funny mmm here go play
so we're totally doing Fat City right
now if you look at this thing I'm burned
alive calories this weekend what is this
is a Broadway that's roughly so what I
found out this broccolini is actually
baby broccoli so the broccoli that we
have psych full-grown broccoli baddies
in the baby rough enough don't feel bad
sir okay guess what what ya looking
pretty snazzy alright so can I have that
back please alright guys I hope you had
a wonderful sunday we're just gonna have
a nice little movie night right now
because it's pretty early about eight
o'clock we're gonna kind of cut it early
if I can find room actually pick a movie
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video and we will see you as tomorrow's
always have a great night oodles bye
guys hi toodles
