native birds go check the circuit
breaker maybe we can help it so happies
not in the creepy place I know some
houses has a circuit breaker down in the
basement or a nematic no not for me I'll
take my time a garage they all seem to
be okay upstairs Downstairs my girl
kitchen where is the which one's a good
one I'm hoping this go-kart place is not
outside otherwise we're screwed lights
back on we look like we're in the 1900s
here it comes guys heard the flash saw
the flash there it is d
is the other one with you under the bed
Marley I think she is I don't know where
she went I used to love doing this well
as younger hell I still like doing it
highly recommend not doing this is that
what you guys get burned and trust me
this is so stupid anyway I don't know
why they used the fascinate me what what
to do when you have no power so there
was six fallen branches to fallen trees
from a brief moment and there's a green
and the rain was just you saw it was
trench ille doesn't make an accident
going on over there before we go
anywhere to the green place she's gonna
recharge so the Zack Alyssa alli and I
are going to go go-karting right now
which is actually kind of funny this
Travis I believe in LA he's doing the
same exact thing mobile that happens
like sometimes like shays doing the same
things we're doing or sometimes Jesse
and Gina your hair does it fit
you look like especially in that like
your prisoner right now like from the
20s a cliche prisoner right now the hair
sticking out curls me and then I got a
special helmet that has to go pro so
that way I can film everything guys
lucky number 18
we got set everything up now you're
right the eyes of a champion
watch that old school swimmer dive
eyes of a champion eyes are the champ
all right guys I can't use this cameron
wanted these things go like 50 miles an
hour I don't think they know I can't
drive
that sums up
I wanna feel your every
I wanted more than the same thing the
same thing and gone too far again
rest
Stan
Oh
with eyes wide we live our dream
look at the best lap o mine was the
longest Alyssa Kate your ass I'm gonna
kill next time I don't know if you guys
noticed that the beginning first person
i was going for was you um and you
knocked me did this one thing they said
not to do for Ali's the words look she
gets behind the little twerps that don't
did you see if I kept slamming on the
brakes I'm like he's the one who threw
me in the wall and then I and then yeah
then I bumped into him or just like our
skiing and he's put out like when he's
turning he completely breaks and I hit
him and it's only that mean it would
push me when I'm like okay that was a
lot of fun Nancy I won the second second
one black one the first one you did
pretty good baby get some points Wow
it's points in there you did good good
job it so we're doing most a little
favor we're coming a gift ty its food
what do you think is gonna bring a shoe
what are you gonna bring us bring me
something gotta bring me something I
appreciate that thank you do a trick for
us before we leave Shh double sheet that
will shake oh he's pulling on your
clothes sister love me I love her
Kaitlyn all right hold on please please
don't you guys want to see if it's
really burned that hurt No hey I just
want to see if your skin changes not
actually isn't look at that sandwich and
get jealous what's that that's it no it
moves over there we want to touch my gun
dude napkin damn it that's fun when I
get them fix guy is fake surprisingly
i'm pretty exhausted from that and i
want to make it known that the people
that for those people were concerned the
people at the go-kart place new my
condition and they were keeping an eye
on everything because they were remote
control that we're actually writing both
the go carts with you yes included in
our group and they actually have remote
the remote control which is crazy so if
anything bad happened just for me i want
to put everyone to ease right now but i
wanted to say that i was thinking about
it so like if something was happening
they had a remote control everyone slows
down or stops I know guys it sucks the
life stuff and come back on they got
have a laptop no speaking of which is
probably dead now isn't it nope still
got some juice fifty percent ah woo you
told ghost stories hmm don't have that
cheesy lantern somewhere does anyone see
a lantern in here who's this Zoe come on
what's that what still don't know why I
got the thing is so creepy there's a
creepy Monster trying to get in I'm
sorry Zoey that's my bad yo that was
accounted for so honest faithful night
the power goes off and all the scary
creatures come out and the worst part is
there's no internet I think the fact
that there's no internet it makes things
even more scary look at all the
practicals if you cannot say that cuz if
you talk out so very thought out we have
no power have no legs oh my goodness
what the fright who is that magma condos
Oh what's the fine things I can't see
shit still better be life all right now
I have about all these candles so I
don't burn the house huh I was terrified
a few hours thankfully riding go karts I
actually feel genuinely I'm sorry to
wake everyone up exhausted so I'm gonna
go watch kind of a documentary and kind
of relax and you guys want to just chill
here that's totally fine okay I'm so
sorry diesel you can go back to bed I
really hope you guys enjoyed today's
video is a lot of fun especially
personally for me because as you guys
know I can actually drive an automobile
and this is kind of other than my golf
cart the fastest i can actually get
which is kind of really cool for me not
to sound like a broken record or
anything like that the hats are
available as you guys probably already
know there's only about 70 left of this
limited edition hat and once these are
gone they're gone basically the reason
why we're doing these are
limited-edition and because they cost
these particular cost so damn much to
make Ali is giddy as a schoolgirl
because she spent so much time designing
this hats and the fact that you guys
like him so much means so much to her I
mean I told her that you guys were gonna
like it because you guys are pretty
awesome and you guys know style I will
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night and if you guys are brand
new click that little subscribe button
if you already subscribe you know the
deal I will see you guys tomorrow is
always have a great night doodles bye
guys
oh my god I hope you're a little
Velociraptor if you don't step on any
dog food ebuddy be protecting me what's
he doing
