good morning Internet so I woke up and
Ally's walking around like this I think
she broke her arm I see a little sling
your homie it's actually pretty
ingenious how you did that with a
sweater I did something to my like I
woke up this morning I was like in the
most pain I think I've ever been in in
all honesty she's she was like shrieking
crying I don't know what I did but I
like I was laying down and I couldn't
even get up because I had this pain that
was basically from like here down to
about here I thought you know I look
like an idiot right now I thought you
broke your arm it's very terrifying when
you wake up in the morning and your
girlfriends in a sling
you wonder what the hell happened I'm
about to do the near impossible I'm
going to walk all three of these twerps
at the same time by myself this one I'm
not worried about its these two I'm
worried about body the most it's like
playing like a real-life video game
right now I have to know what joystick
to pull or stop I should say pink is
Zoey Blue is Marv okay stop Marley black
is diesel this is more complicated than
a video game will you do all right we
lost alive they're mine when I always
see skid marks like this I always like
like what the hell's going on the Guate
lie right there what they were what
worth it isn't even a car
these me with so many questions listen
to hear it listen
Thank You Man go find the ice-cream man
not interested look what is that
it's a giant like carwash transformer
you know now you'd like that huh
and we're done nice and clean I honestly
thought he was gonna touch a few times I
think I was going to pinch a panic
attack a few times guys can see it right
there right there and right there you
have two of them you guys have new
lizard friends oh did I keep saying
lizards
I mean squirrel friends did I keep
saying lizard friends over and over
again lizard friend I say bye to
your new squirrel friends that are
definitely not lizard friends but I'm
definitely an idiot about yeah yeah yeah
I get it I'm an idiot school friend got
it now so as you can see Ally's arm is
now back to normal I'm back it's not
we're gonna go meet up with Melissa Phil
my mom for dinner so it'd be kind of
nice to go see everybody and just gonna
chill without pies being throwing each
other's face stupid now they had the
hardest questions in the yesterday's
video if you didn't see yesterday's
video we did the Pie Face challenge
basically you answer these really
difficult questions for her I got like
some of the easiest ones like seriously
some of them were so dumb that
Phil and trolls God please just go watch
this video guys this is just a little
tidbit or a little taste to make you
guys want to go watch that video if you
wanted to watch it just click here on
the screen for some reason you just like
easily just fit into this role and
there's another little photo right there
of us getting ready with the whipped
cream and everything and then we get to
that one place and she switches it last
minute once we're gonna walk into mic
just kidding we're in Tampa this thinks
it's not that hot
yeah all right all right oh you're the
only one that has not eaten one well she
ate it one of those four times that size
okay
would you just eat the thing here's the
thing water makes it worse it does yeah
dab that with your tongue on a napkin
ketchup vinegar vinegar helps vinegar
vinegar help no I'm serious water does
spread it water seeped vinegar it's just
a tomato
Oh
helping helping we all think intensified
this is for you dumping ketchup all over
here today
d'marie late in the draft sherry
we are waiting fill
about Bill wants it doesn't want
business all we want that's Gary you got
your protein you got your bread you got
your pudding somewhere every actual
water coming
you know just gotta watch your figure so
you get the water coming come on babe
I'm taking you a movie let's go see a
movie get on the car let's go see a
movie
hey you wanna go see the movie presents
my hair's pretty good she's got a liter
of Cola so watch this movie
Judaism candidates
so we finally got to see Jurassic world
it was good but see the thing is I think
this the first ones always gonna be
better for me
the best part was like when a t-rex was
you know what to do it's like growl or
scream or whatever did somebody actually
sees or I guess he what do you like
sneeze or you like snored right the
perfect timing
what teawrex is like like that as I call
was everyone good I see you over there
just creeping me out
big diesel miss you come on Zoey
what are you up to what you do hey you
want to see my impression of a
velociraptor I hope you're a little
Velociraptor for you don't step on any
dog
get in my house it's so hard to get in
half I win it's a good philosopher honey
yeah see your big baby what he's gonna
join alright it's time to go to bed
Ali's still dying over here with her arm
alright it's weird like I think Italy be
able to move her hand
I know well I can lick and lift my arm
but it's like no it's my neck or is is
what huh was it alright Internet well
I'm gonna start editing right now it's
about 2:00 in the morning actually no
it's about 1:00 or 45 in the morning
1:46 I lied I'm sorry hope you guys
enjoyed today's video and don't forget
guys if you want with these snazzy
little hats go to CTFxC merch calm I
will see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night toodles
Shakespeare's birthday rah rah
feel like that at the eye doctor when
they be there alone what's belong to
colonia fires are burning in fire and i
think which court a football man
you got a bad
