well good morning good afternoon good
whatever it is for everyone
internet right now actually I'm trying
to grab some orange juice or chard
because he had a little bit of a early
rough morning
oh my goodness
brace munch juice are you doing okay
better yeah we were almost two months
without having any issues and then I'm
indisposed your nips are showing I'm
sorry Internet you guys have no idea
what happened had a seizure I'm gonna
win it if you have no idea what's
happened in the past add them in the
past
I'm sure the comments will let you know
the whole history but it's okay I got my
left hand back you know we're learning
and we're and like I said you work we've
both been working a ton and on the house
we've been working a ton and you know
it's bound to happen I'm stressed I know
you're stressed it's just I always save
me mm-hmm it's a good giant first night
Oh
yet it's we the kings fifth album I was
listening to that other than it's
awesome it's so awesome good no more
because I'm gonna anyways anyways let's
you know even though you're looking at
this teachers bad news let's talk about
some positive news and it wasn't bad
news it just happened let's talk about
some positive news remember how we were
saying we get up for this one
exposed exposing myself a little bit
more remember we're saying we were
working on something special for
probably about like six months now
longer than that it's been since before
Christmas it's been since November but
things got delayed November haha but
things got delayed because we had other
things that we were putting out yeah so
anyway Alan's been designing these and
they freaking our awesome okay first let
me show you this little funkiness on the
bottom too so cool you look inside it
really cool Belgium then we switched up
to a little funkier now this is the
limited edition edition once these are
sold out there is a sold out the more
neutral people I like this hat though -
we got the what's this teal seafoam
green seafoam green I'm sorry if you
look underneath it it's got the little
shout of crazy man because originally it
was really black brim but I thought it'd
be kind of funny to do like a craziness
on the bottom like hidden crazy yeah so
these are gonna be available Friday
yeah I just wanted to show you guys now
because I like teasing you right like I
said these are real on Friday at CTFxC
merch calm and some of these actually
some of these are gonna be available
along professor room thinking about 50
or something like that the VidCon so far
gone at VidCon that's why we're putting
on the website to see txc merch come on
Friday so you want a little moment of
quick exercise
that's a weird thing to promise worth it
is it too fast for you is that what you
don't like it I just don't think she's a
fan that's too bad for it come on you
got this delicately eating her carrot
this one wants it so bad go eat the
carrot yet see ma ma get there
see you don't eat that carrot abba duty
do for you bed there you always have a
birdie deal you're always gonna have a
booty do now but don't get up the beauty
do all you do is she under hear you I
see you under there moving around
you still got it come on rawr 1 2 3
good catch we're all done guys gonna get
fat
yesterday I was cleaning Zoe murli's
here and I got this crazy idea to do
what's called ear coning it's racially
you do like the ear wax candl I did it
probably in 2009 vlogs and I figured
plants will try it again so it's me ear
cones right now and clean out our ears
let's hear hear very easy to find out
now one she's like you're an idiot
this is why people get two dogs hope the
next this actually happens when
actuality when you leave they just sleep
what I think is doing is it melts the
earwax and then that creates a vacuum
sucks it up into the candle fun part is
what I'm going to open it that's gonna
be a fun fire
oh my god the funniest thing ever this
just came out of char shirt what is it
the hell shit the worst part was
wondering I had put on pants and there's
an under inning at the bottom I
apologize in advance I'm like intrigued
crushed out but intrigued like I want to
see but I don't want to see but I can
tell myself oh that's gross it smells
don't smell your earwax yeah my ear
that's so gross I actually hear a little
bit better I think I can hear oh god I'm
a throat oh it's as hard as the carrot
honey please it looks like okay I get it
I get it I get it I get like sizzling
yeah it's doing crazy as it gets further
and more further
I'm so grossed out right now I'm very
disappointed in myself to show you guys
who came up with this my eye itches this
way going the other way go this way go
this way I'm on your high ball now I
don't want to alarm you but you have
fire on your head is that you're
comfortable face open it up
this one's really gross
look at that saga continues it's gonna
be so much nicer when I put those in
ears when you play your show I'll
actually really hear a little bit better
you know it sounds like it sounds like a
fire like a fireplace like crackling
crackling yeah I do do know do dufus the
smells really good too smells you don't
smell oh my god Charles
9 mm-hmm
how much would I like it if you're a
little queasy look away and I'll tell
you when I look back but if you like
gross stuff keep looking
all right look away enjoy people who
like gross stuff yeah that's good you
could take it all right you guys can
look back I knew that reading the smell
gets me every single night
excuse me Marlee and Zoe I think you
guys are trespassing right now so I've
been like walking flash running like
every single day since we moved here for
about a mile two miles I'm not gonna let
a little stupid seizure keep me down
screw it seize the day right guys as
always say you got it my honey's like
damn it tomorrow I got you yeah I got
you hey Mark
Wow
today you know early in the morning kind
of started off kind of crappy but ended
pretty damn awesome right so you hope
you guys enjoyed today's video and
actually you know what's really gonna
crazy I can hear a little bit more I
feel like I can I think it might be that
I just hearing things have a great night
doodles bye guys okay to shake your
bumpy get under the bed
she's done you come here let me try that
to you so we're trying to do her nails
and she kind of pulled so she has a
little little little bleeding paw
it's nothing this dog hasn't gone
through
