good morning Internet I think right now
Ali and her sister Kaitlyn are trying to
go paddleboarding before it rains I was
gonna go over there
but already I know the theme of the vlog
for the last couple months have been
look at the sky it's gonna rain I don't
know just welcome to Florida guys you're
virtually living in Florida right now
cuz that's the honest truth in the
summer it's always beautiful
then sporadically raining and crappy so
your day is kind of ruined but at the
same time if you love thunder lightning
awesome but we already know Zoey more
they hate it that sucks because I really
wanted to take it so Marley
paddleboarding I was thinking about I
thought Marley would be better at it but
then I thought like if she saw anything
she just freaked out so I think it would
be Zoey it would be the good one she was
just not know how to balance her weight
though it was she's just but guru I'm
Zoey I'm a big ol doofus stalking you
guys I have no idea where I'm at anymore
stuff I've learned where I live - come
on I know you don't like these things on
you but come on to keep you from pulling
my arm off
I'm coming I'm coming
it's a scary robot coming after you guys
you know how everyone has like a junk
drawer in your house so I'm attacking
mine right now look how nice it is it's
not so junky it's very organized very
pretty I figured hell if I'm gonna be
stuck in the house I might as well get
some stuff done speaking of stuff Don I
just got an email from dftba we got some
awesome news coming in the next day or
two I want to wait until I get it
actually in my hands which I'm having
them overnight it so I could show you
guys but get stoked in the next day just
get just get stoked anyway but next day
or so we have some cool little news for
you guys
not the door look see it's we just
started recycling in this area and it's
funny cuz that you could clearly see the
recycle guys have no idea what's going
on actually them go by the house like
four times not even exaggerating they've
circled four times why don't you just go
take the whole the cardboard to the dump
Molly get a real job okay chasing
squirrels is not necessarily a real job
I don't even know what that is
still trying to get rid of all the
freaking boxes of this house this is a
process right here stuffing in that bed
you got it
so Ally's back from her long boarding
adventures of paddle boarding adventures
that she didn't get eaten by a shark
really no sharks so we're gonna get some
burritos seize his burritos and tacos
there's in case you can't see it a
burrito and a taco is that a dragon or a
shark neither
it's neither dragon or shark what is
that we call it we call it a drag shark
you like that
what's a crisp taco it's a hot know what
it's called do you not see the deer
gonna run it's hungry for burritos it's
a burrito deer the car next to us and
the backseat has a giant gavel as soot
of random alley got these little air
fresheners and the first thing I got in
the car he kind of wafted me back to
wouldn't I get my first car when I was a
I was like in tenth grade and
immediately this transported me like
like a time warp back to when I was like
16 I had my first car that I had these
all on my car cuz you know I wanted to
have my first car which was a Dodge
Spirit it smell delicious when people
got in there was your first car it a
Nissan Sentra Internet was your first
car like a very old child mine was like
the boxes little good thing I wish I had
a photo my first car I don't even know
if anyone knows what that is it was
probably just like a 90s car but it was
freaking hot it was a tank cuz somebody
actually t-boned me with me my sister
going to school thing was completely
fine their car was destroyed I think
mine was like it was like a DeLorean
essentially it was just made out a
complete steel yeah watch that get it
before the rain there look at those guys
I always wonder why Zoe goes back here
she's been digging a hole she wants to
go to Australia
as it okay to shake your puppy you like
to get under the bed Zoe she looks like
a girl you right now she's done you come
here let me try that to you so we're
trying to do her nails and she kind of
pulled so she has a little little little
bleeding Paul
it's nothing his dog hasn't gone through
like right there she's loving all the
attention she's getting when she fell
off the golf cart I know that's where
she fell off the golf cart I think she's
had some knee issues this is the only
way off get on I break it all right on
see what you can do is you can put this
on the ceiling and you have a remote
control so then you can basically break
Zoe
make it go insane but we're gonna change
it so it goes to the floor look at that
I think it's go too fast now honey
that's really weird
she's actually not doesn't that very
dirt I think my ears are dirtier than
her so Allie just made some delicious
veggie lasagna
I'm left-handed I'm not left-handed
alright Internet well we are going to go
right now watch a movie I hope you
enjoyed today's video we will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night truth truth were a few moments
who's ahead
