take a pee-pee I need you to open the
door waiting on you okay you got a
strawberry you got do something don't
just sit and be fat one oh you hit it
all right yeah hey I'll push it over
key work Zoey look at that teamwork
look at that teamwork I don't know if
you guys can see it through the trees
but it's pitch black
two or three in the afternoon and I was
eating cereal I agree
oh look at you getting all this fancy I
cut up strawberries my husband behind
them
watch this lines I'd like that okay now
put the word squirrel in next week
doesn't it sound like squirrel is here
you say it's squirrel
do you miss squirrel friend is that
what's going on you guys one watch that
vlog it's the fourth of July vlog Molly
actually said the word squirrel so you
remember how yesterday or the other day
I wasn't feeling good I think I gave
whatever it was to Ali because he's not
feeling good that camera that rose a
long time ago out of my control I
promise I didn't do it
they fixed it I get a brand new one you
guys are getting a brand new camera so I
go get that
am i keeping you out
and get the screaming
licky licky Levin dick we look like a
little duck that's pretty cool actually
this is what we need to get for all the
water since they drink so much water
that is the size of your body
Thanks this is Ali's worm face get
outside
Marley literally just head-butted Zoey
she's such a goof are you count Marly
and I'm gonna count though okay see if
you can do it just only count Marley she
had 27 Zoey one mother just goes for the
source Ali went to go see your sister
and her friend really quick and I'm
waiting here at the house for you this
is coming to get some boxes cause she's
moving soon too I'm while I was waiting
I just wanted to relax and listen to an
audiobook for some reason I just really
liked the ones by comedians the ones
where they're just talking and it feels
so natural they're just telling jokes
like the Tina Fey one the Amy Poehler
one and this is one I really want you
guys to check out it's called modern
romance by Aziz I'm sorry
every month we do this little audio book
club with everyone this is sponsored by
one of my favorite sponsors of the CTFxC
which is audible.com if you actually
want to check out this book or any other
books go to audible.com/anna actually
get a free month trial and a free book
like a free audiobook which you can
listen on your phone your computer you
can send it to your TV wherever you want
to do so I like doing on my phone I
could just like put it over here and
just kind of like listen to things and
just kind of
actually going to Milan zone so yeah
audible.com sassy tf-x see BAM enter and
you get a free audiobook really like
sharing this to you guys and you know
expanding out it's like kind of like a
community thing too so if you guys have
any other ebooks or audiobooks when you
go to that website let me know and we'll
do it for the next month if you ever
were hesitant of trying this kind of
stuff now's your opportunity you have no
excuses not to this free all right so
while away from lists so to get here and
get all those boxes I'm just gonna
continue listening to this so go check
it out guys hope you enjoy later I check
Instagram and this clown Tonia he's
posting a photo of some horse come easy
write me back but she has time to do a
photo shoot with some horse she's on a
hike kind of been crapping all day with
this rainy strange ass Florida weather
finally it's kind of lit up a little bit
so I figured you know what might as well
go out and get some exercise
I've kind of decided that I I think I've
already told you guys this but I love
running outside more than I love running
out the gym no matter how far you run
away you have to run back so you don't
really have that opportunity to just
stop whenever you want I always take it
outside and run make sure you hydrate a
bit get outside and run plus it's so
beautiful it's so much better than being
in a gem what do you guys want to do are
you ready to punch Marlene ahead there
is see the punch do you see it do you
left-handed it's always literally
alright well that's actually kind of
funny Zoey alright well that goes down
record is one of the funny things that I
actually been able to catch on camera
sucks cuz like when you vlog it's so
funny like you don't always get to cool
funny things it always happens too fast
well no you hate that thing you may be
very weird to hit so you stretch it
would be awkward stretch to say I'm on a
date
this is Ali trying to trick me to eat
fish just trying to encourage let's see
we where's this way that's screeching
okay I like that
what's this stuff I go okay don't like
that
just try we're gonna play a game called
C Valley can get our arms apart we're
gonna do now
that's what fun huh whoo you do you see
your tummy you tell me you better do it
juice juice with that for a few moments
I need you help me breathe huh yeah I
hope you breathe ready no I don't wanna
do the blow horn in my face
your grandmother yes sir yes Oh Susie oh
come on Susie oh just my new green coat
luck to win it up close to my boughs
hello
what's that contract what is this thing
hello hello hello
well guys time to end the video
Allie dropped a jar of pickles the worst
part she didn't get a pickle you even
want a pickle on top of the fact that
now the Hoffs mel's like the pickles I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video I'm
going to sweep up with her see if we can
get all the glass pieces to make sure
we're all safe oh and click the little
thumb me up thing for Allie dropping the
jar of pickles she's a she's more of a
doofus I am if you guys didn't see
yesterday's video when we did the what's
in my mouth challenge I think it's what
it's called what's in my mouth challenge
it's actually pretty spectacular make
sure you go watch that the links down
there description and we will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a wonderful
night and a great day bye guys yeah all
right yeah hold on oh no I did first
it's not so much here and so much here
it's all there you have to
