good morning Internet so today we were
going to go visit our friends at Warped
Tour and surprise surprise it's going to
rain
Arnold Schwarzenegger is driving our car
down does he say come with me if you
want to live at any point says do a
funny feels like Arnold from
Kindergarten Cop look who it is sup
brother Wow how I missed you so good to
see you
keep an eye out for our old bus guys
recognize it
Danny this girl blush right we've had
like six or seven of these buses
throughout like the past 500 did we
actually see it yeah
should we just walk on play the same
code yeah quite exact same code and it
goes here old stage manager and
everybody it's like a it's like a
reunion right now hey
say hi to everyone
what's the CP of X years you ever got
about that cause I smell already hi yeah
course so you guys know the guy who
designed their shirt the dragon shirt it
is I'm sure you guys remember him and
all this awesome stuff probably won't
work enough
when I met him thanks and now he signed
the dragon and now we're going to walk
to our website it's all tunable stuff so
very proud will it proud papa bears
right now proud papa bears so make sure
to check out tunable come saying go say
hi dome at the booth especially if
you're wearing this shirt and a free
sticker if you come wearing a t-shirt
there yo free stuff
it's great to be back here right now
seeing all the people that would work
with bad photos of them
and get into a Twitter in
a favor
right now love it
you can shave by just sweating Thank You
Beth Thank You Billy you're so excited
it's like a little kid waiting for the
that guy the white shirt right there
just literally stands there drinking
water basically no fun you know the
little firecracker is called snakes the
ones that are like charcoal I come out
of ground do those actually count as
firecrackers they're like you know you
really get hyped up these are things to
be awesome because the packaging is like
this giant snake that's coming up and
just like just people you know I take
those folk art charcoal like snakes yeah
the bricks mm-hmm we light them and
they're like most i can't that climatic
thing in the world
yeah they had the awesome packaging of a
snake right at you
oh no and then it comes out I should
make you like on the packaging luckily
food and as per every warped or and st.
Pete for the last couple years that
we've been here for in
just over last year how muddy it was
they use a right there wiggle wiggle
wiggle wiggle wiggle what the legal
legal legal we know what wiggle wiggle
wiggle wiggle wiggle
what
I think
Wow I'm pretty sure more poor is now
going to be canceled we're just waiting
from Sophie to let us know how he's
freaking out every time it goes like
that
yeah parently Danny brought sunscreen to
the house and I had no idea about it
Sophie just texted us I can hear the
music again he claims that the Warped
Tour reopened the doors so we're gonna
try it what the hell what's your
question that's weird it's a weird
question
we lucked out
Oh
hmm that was fine I remember now how hot
worked or is it's crazy how much you
forget within a year
we're letting Ryan be a normal human
being for a little bit no idea how much
I will charge you for that show
warp tour was awesome to go visit and I
just want to show you something I left
with a little gift I hold this oh there
it is my gift for warp tour
good old Pharma stainer this is the
crappy part other than the fact they
give us some sunburn is that it took a
year for me to get rid of that super
tank top pan and oh it's probably the
next time we play walk tour hope you
guys enjoyed today's video and hope you
guys enjoyed kind of going back and
seeing everyone at Warped Tour that was
really fun
you know just checking it out if you
haven't actually watched yesterday's
vlog it was the house tour we finally
did the house tour so make sure to go
check it out the link is going to be in
the description as well at the end of
this video so I will see you guys
tomorrow always have a great night and
see see you tomorrow right fourth of
July by the way bye guys toodles
there we go welcome to the CTFxC house
we've been planning on doing the house
tour for a long time or the entry room
we might call as well that happens all
the hacks coming all right guys come
over here is the CTFxC and Ally and a
Charles star within the Draco where the
hell that is
constellation some CTFxC members
actually got this for all of us and this
is a leaf green thing if you look
carefully look at its glorious Ally's
green thing this is another thing that
see if you have exceed actually made us
these are our books to make it look like
a reading and they're all about zombies
if you look carefully
