oh good morning guys he woke up get the
mail and that just caved in on itself uh
it literally rotted from the inside I
have been getting it no it's horrible
how are we gonna do this
ah come here bugs they're too small what
if these are rotting I'm just trying to
get rid of all these oh yeah safety
first
yeah I'll get it
I need the bag do you want these clothes
yeah I'm gonna go with the assumes a
bomb don't what it does I think you know
you know I think errata is good to pull
the top off hood you think but actually
I think it rotted before that cuz I
didn't pull it off I just moved it and
fell off maybe it's just it's time I
would just worry about the big one okay
so I'm gonna do this and put it here
yeah all right hang on pull tight you're
being so dramatic
no it's honestly that was honestly a guy
that was swear that was a swear
guys cuz you're the best don't forget my
head McFly
today is the day before Thanksgiving
which and my family's tradition means
that I am going to be going to hang out
with my cousin my sister and my grandma
and they're going to make pies today if
you remember from last year actually you
know what the tough thing is like you
don't see the depth of how long it
actually takes and what goes into making
these pies oh my grandma likes to make
every single thing like the pie from
scratch the filling from scratch
everything I mean the the feelings a
little bit different it's a little bit
different but it's all a very long
process it takes like all day so we are
we're actually on our way today right
now he's gonna drop me off and then he's
going to go do this thing and I'm gonna
go
very kind of accident OST so delicious
do you ever feel like you do this for
you don't need a lot the day before
Thanksgiving because here wanted to
drink and eat as much as you want the
day
your stomach so that's true trade it
so basically what Charles is saying is
if you enter into a food eating contests
are going to be great over there
I'm gonna move the car
cut me he did yeah
are you okay it's what happened was he
saw the water he was it's actually kind
of funny
oh right there I didn't get the camera
we're gonna right there there was a
softshell turtle in the middle of the
road yeah will kept just driving by it
well I think the person in front of us
heard to stop but they saw that we were
stopping charges rescued a turtle he's
just scooted on in he was so happy when
you sell the waters it look like you
know like we're in Rica goes like that
okay so the water was like and then
scoot it into the water
good job babe so I got a little bout
along alright so this is Joe and Caitlin
Lexi grandma and we are doing the
traditional making pies yes oh and I
just tasted this delicious apple pie
filling that my grandma makes and it's
so good I literally could just eat from
this bowl you're not to put it in a pie
hole
I wouldn't do that I can't really
wouldn't kill me would you go finally
after I don't know how many years has
been I got contacted by DJI you know the
ones that had the Mavic and the Phantom
the drones basically all of those drones
they used for every video finally after
all these years like I said we've got in
contact with each other and they sent me
something and I've been waiting to show
you guys I wanted to do like an unboxing
but I I'll be honest I've been playing
with this because I couldn't wait
they sent me one of the new DJI sparks
little small this thing is I have right
now the prop guards on here because as
you guys know I probably need those for
those who have no idea this is the drone
that you can basically do the gestures
with your hands kind of like you know
the force and just move it around
okay so now it's gonna look for my face
if you look at the front it's gonna have
these blinking LEDs supposed to be
reading my face that is okay okay now
hit button in the back one two three one
two three
and see it's going green it's basically
what's doing now is just tracking my
face so II then we just let it go here's
the cool part you go like this wait for
it to be green
how cool is that
let's try this again
I really try to follow
please send a goodbye
it goes away and what it's doing now is
it's cracking and what you can do is
this thing they'll take a photo that's
it
DJ I thank you so much for sending this
and giving you all you guys $100 off so
I'll put a link in the description go
check it out you guys want to start
droning it's a good starter drone the
best thing is it's not a toy it actually
has a good camera on it sighs you guys
to saw so you can actually get some
pretty cool shots my battery's about to
die on my camera so I got to get back
home
you're so cute buddy he's like this is a
perfect spot because whenever anything
falls and right here is Ali at this
weight look in Katy want to drop
something I'll be back Kailen Kailen
tell her to drop something really again
right there bud you okay and he's down
she keeps parkouring again
that's so funny
hey vlog meet the live blog we are gonna
build a da Vinci catapult they're gonna
motivate me we're gonna see if it's
actually gonna work gonna works see this
is what happens when I block I guess up
all the time and we're gonna leave it in
there
sir
hi everyone
others - rose
when could you float steady alright guys
well I was hanging out with everybody we
finally built it this is my DaVinci
catapult we're going to try it with
Marley as the test subject
and maybe we'll pull this cat as well
you're sleeping three two one
great guys three two one Anna pull is
now right diesel wants to play that very
davinci that really bad a lot okay this
thing is the thing I hope you guys I
know you're probably watching this on
Thanksgiving so thank you for taking the
time and watching it now go spend some
time with your family if you're not
celebrating Thanksgiving just happy what
is it
Wednesday it's so happy Thursday I'll
see you guys tomorrow as always don't
forget to subscribe as always as well
and good
