good morning Internet it's finally time
for the house tour let's begin hold on
Internet I got to pull back Mike killer
dog guard dogs I'll be right back
welcome to the CTFxC house we've been
planning on doing the house tour for a
long time really don't know how to do
this so this is here or the entry room I
don't know what I call it as well that
happens all the hacks coming all right
guys come over here is the CTFxC an
alley and a Charles star within the
Draco where the hell that is
constellation some CTFxC members
actually got this for all of us and this
is Ali's green thing if you look
carefully look at this glorious Ally's
green thing this is another thing that
CTFxC actually made us these are our
books to make a little bit of reading
and they're all about zombies if you
look carefully
so we're reading about reading about
zombies we've got some more over here
it's more zombie books weren't your next
oh that's the kitchen here's our kitchen
this is where I leave all the work
because she's amazing at cooking this is
a wine bottle or sparkling cider for me
I guess
but the funny thing about this thing is
is it works for the first time how they
actually used it it just not the cork
into the bottle
the beverage bridge so it's basically
lemonade's and root beers and sorts like
that here's an awesome cutting board and
spoon folder that the CTFxC actually
made a lot of stuff in this house is by
you guys I got artwork or from you guys
is where I do my work on a lot in my
office and Ali tells it because it looks
like this but it's not shove it over in
the corner or refrigerator which has
lots of fruits and vegetables
you just gotta eat healthy is this part
of the house store isn't it okay this
way okay this is another fair piece in
the house just a she'll help fresh we
are so fresh and so clean it's actually
we completely react on that table it's
freaking awesome it's heavy as hell and
this bench is out of his idea which is a
genius idea instead of getting a bunch
of chairs for the table we got this
awesome bench there's more artwork by as
one of my friends her name is Valerie
another CD of X near and youtuber look
over here
and if you look over here there's more
our work by CTFxC r and this is a photo
of our good friends Kelly and Brian from
Warped Tour and this is ledges are
miscellaneous stuff our charters and
basically batteries for the cameras so
this is our dining room like I said the
place where we done that is our living
room the place where we live that is our
kitchen the place where we kitc in
alright time for more see where all the
magic happens guys that would be sand
these things this is the master bedroom
in every shot Marley to me Hannah they
get their matching beds these were
actually done given to us by another
CTFxC er returning people a lot of CGI
like see something here which is kind of
cool
come on internet you want suit look like
today that's what you look like today
and this is my closet
don't judge me I'll get to that
eventually this is Ali's closet right
now we're still working my mat as well
I'd done bear sir this is one of my
favorite parts is a master bathroom and
this one is over here actually tucked
away in gym so when you keep your cool
walking obviously
and this don't look at because I think
you guys already know what happened
there in my office this is my favorite
room right here this full of just
various CTFxC stuff on this is all the
Platt from we the cane and this is
actually when we got on the Billboard
Hot 100 because of the CTFxC was just
easy reading and this is our black stuff
and this is just in case you know I
would get my friends names I have them
all sign it this is another platinum
record for say you like me right there
and these are the CTFxC dogs
Joey Marley I remember a girl and New
Jersey game reviews wouldn't want has a
girl in New Jersey I guess her
skateboard broke so she decided I can
paint on it and it's actually it's
phenomenal so I just had to put it up on
the wall all the iPhones and iPods of
the past other artwork white CTFxC
members and this is actually kind of
cool I think you're part of scene in the
other house whose currency from all the
countries so I've actually been I have
another section that up yes well hit
today feel like this is probably the
coolest thing that though it's the
Guinness world record for most
consecutive daily blog rates a big
without missing a day on the seat gamma
cube this is 1555 cigarette now 2255 or
something like that
wherever the blog says it is right now
the final edition bought vinyl of
somewhere somehow this is when we got
the adoption of pet the puffer fish at
the airport in Sarasota and this is
actually a cell of Martin Simpson I was
given to me by a CTFxC member which is
almost priceless to me
and there's the cameras also cameras
over here lots of cameras in this house
this is why you might work when I'm not
in the kitchen this is a funny little
system right here it's a backup hard
drive it literally has every single
CTFxC vlog original and exported because
I'm a digital hoarder and this is for
Ally I think that's freaking awesome
the I'm vlogging here movie poster and
the 1 million subscriber plaques and all
the other plaques well the other chair
and this was done by a friend of mine
named try Tyler and I think it's adult
rating which is crazy
very how you do that my collection of
Simpson memorabilia the brains like
somebody actually made this and Brett so
to stick to my hair and run yourself a
head cut from halfway these are the
CTFxC shoes that we made a few years ago
North culture is an artwork done by you
guys this one really has like almost
every single thing insane I'm gonna get
through this wallet my graduation
degrees so I actually went the gun I
went to college
believe it or not I actually graduated
college it's funny because this is the
first time I've ever ever ever been on
an airplane it was for MTV for a new
show that's the TRL studios and this was
actually never mind the hair the photo
booths that everyone would take photos
in these are just various patents for
the CTFxC I Katie this one's also pretty
freaking crazy but I don't know what
that's pencil a pen I don't know what it
is doing Marlee I love this one cuz
always like so chipper and Marley's just
like dude and the closet has not been
done so it's just a mess so I'm gonna
show you guys that
so this is my office I want to show you
guys my other office it's the Hat
bathroom I never got that as a kid but I
get it now because there's no shower but
if you've come on in look at this so
when you're in the bathroom so you're
taking up uber you see Alan had making
fun of you I love it I've always wanted
to do something like this and we did it
here and I'm gonna show you somewhere
else in the house we did it so alright
you've gone so go
this is our guest room or one our guest
guest we slightly put up a lot of stuff
yet we got the bed in we got a TV for
everyone got an Apple TV for everyone
like this painting this is one I did
myself
I painted Ali this is Ali he got bored
one day and decide the painter
if there's anyone believe you pet and we
have a little dog bed for a Khmer our
guests have a dog we think of everything
so when you go pee I guess if you're a
gun we have the event for guys obviously
Ali and I have a little photo well I've
always wanted to do this about this idea
about me kind of funny so time for the
room we just call an entertainment room
or the game room with fun room three
easy five little walk like an idiot
straight down you'll find their ability
to charge up most of them up at the TV
you have the entertainment system my
favorite game now look it up guys this
literally is the best big moment
journey is over not only go ask your
daughter I have super scary gun this is
actually a really funny coaster business
my whole band and this broken image was
actually we the Kings back in the day in
2005 before they changed their name and
they actually opened up for my old band
so it's kind of funny how the world kind
of works around like that another piece
of art done by CG I see it another piece
of art not very significant it let's go
be like the room where everyone's gonna
kind of hang out and just chill we can
watch some movies maybe one day get like
a projector so we have an actual movie
theater or something like that in there
thinking down the road I promise you
scarier than that alright tell movie
yeah alright guys see you later
and that's what alright we did it guys
we did it
house tour complete now we're just gonna
watch a movie
because tomorrow we actually go into
warp tour our old tour manager Ryan
Sophie you guys remember from last tour
it's actually on tour this year are the
warp tour and invited Ally myself so
we're gonna go hang out with everybody
at warp tour tomorrow it's going to be a
long day
excited Ali's like super stoked about
seeing matric romance
anyway so we will see you guys tomorrow
as always I hope you guys enjoyed
finally the freaking home tour took a
long time but we finally did it
backhanded high-five we did it have a
great night guys
don't forget to subscribe and thumbs up
all that fun stuff and I guess dudas the
official house tour because we won't be
completely done nevermind the pinball
machine behind my head you already knew
it was there and we're gonna push all
through the night den in in it that that
that
open 10 3 no no sorry Oh 1 2 3 1 2
open then - yeah I'm nervous
you got it ears are yeah except that I
don't know
yeah beautiful day guitarist taking a
break
