good morning Internet we're gonna start
the day with a little pissed off Marley
see what Ali did you're completely stuck
you can't get in there now
she's still figuring it out ten minutes
later I'm trying to find Marley and I
think I know where she may have gone
don't know how you got there but you're
there okay well you're trapped in there
now hey actually I should put her out
and then trap her out they were doing it
this is going to be the last day no more
I don't like it no I I'm done with it
today's gonna be the last day we're
going to finish this damn house I know
we've been saying that for like like a
month or something like that but today
we're actually finishing it I'm
following you no matter you never
understand that it's a lot you know
you've been doing this crap too long
when you notice that the things are
changing
that one's changing that one
ma'am you're doing this wrong is it
comfortable
well that is actually let's get this
there we go
what about stuff like that I was saying
what we should do kind of a funny idea
we get the Marilyn Monroe and they have
an Audrey Hepburn one and then we could
write verse between them
yeah controversy started guys who is
better Marilyn Monroe Audrey Hepburn my
vote goes Audrey Hepburn I don't know
why I just like don't wanna like I knew
her personally we're good friends we're
we are we were biffle's
did I just bring back there just bring
back for working the ages
there's the Audrey Hepburn I was talking
about there's my pit bull right there
babe
she's my boat my bulb it's my bowl bed
when I just get a bunch of sticks we
could just get the big thing and just go
outside and have Zoe and diesel find a
sticks just get this there's your one
green thing in the house the big giant
green metal thing so cheesy we can put
in the house what's put in the house get
it service area aisle 6 babe 129 take
Charlie Brown Alan and I were ripping
her hair out trying to figure out how to
put together these these shelves there
today right and these baskets
apparently they come with these stubby
things to make everything work but ours
did not come with it and it's not listed
on the price sheet or a duck instruction
sheet or whatever it is right now they
still sore from the slip and slide
actually I move the other day my ribs
hurt you guys called it it's not gonna
be fun the next day or two days later
who does that remind you guys over your
the furry one I'm the mole Ivanka all
right there you go here you can get a
little green pillow several green
pillows I love green green and purple on
my favorite boys al he's obsessed with
the little birds she came home one day
she was so excited she's like who's this
remind you of we're not on that one we
didn't make the cut and we're not on
this the hell we're trying to find a
more permanent solution to keep Marley
from going under the bed and you guys
suggested do you want to like those like
the shelves or something like that I
want ask you guys a question you guys
have to help us we don't know which
color to do yes there's a kid I don't
know hopefully not dying somewhere with
lingonberries did you get all those
anyway focus Charles butch collar I'm
thinking one of these colors but
definitely the second coat on all of
them who's better doubt liars Charlie
Chaplin we already know that hey go bed
green chair
I am so over this I just want a stupid
house to be done we're just gonna bust
her ass today and do can I get a
cinnamon bun today I deserve it
oh my god did I deserve it Cinnabon
come on I kid it was fun the first time
now these carts are freaking ridiculous
when you can't see anything and when
people are just running in front of you
I'm gonna fuck I'm gonna freakin chip
somebody's ankle and it's gonna hurt so
bad I would feel so bad about it what
that's nicely that's not asking much sit
down be like diesel sit right sit sit
you sit
Miley sit you asshole
you have way too much energy we have an
asshole hurt it's true you are going out
all right I'm going outside
hang out with Zoe hey goofball hi you
look really bummed back it out that's
how you know it's hot he's just on his
back getting fan
stop it annoyed stop it that paint this
stuff Ally's painting something else is
a totally different project
so while Ali's out there painting I'm
gonna put together this crap we're the
tag team this thing I want to be done by
tonight well enough time to actually
watch a movie
poor Ali's getting eaten alive right now
by mosquitos are you being human bait
right now lit these little citronella
candles hopefully that'll help her out a
little bit
you got like brown all over your legs
and everything well you want to be a
brown dog you want to be a brown dog
match your face just ask Ali nicely they
get in your leg just stint just stand
around the citronella wait hold on let
me see your shirt is it really okay so
you deserve it show the Internet
you kind of deserve it I can be rude by
Ali all the time and I never ever get
bit by mosquitoes
I think the chemo like it keeps them
away it's like natural like poison
obviously poisons I feel like when the
mosquitoes bite me they instantly die
see they always land on me and then you
just they don't do anything
sound like a cartoon
you sounded like Mario Kart was like oh
I long for Ally get so many welts you
have one one there there there alright
time to go inside there biting your kiss
babe trying to organize the shoes so we
got a shoe rack
I know gopher bed Ellie's trying the the
grip the group monster
fun fact guys this is how I got my
dexterity back after surgery the Warped
Tour 2012 and to the words the other
kind of fun one is the simple plan one's
totally making May Day Parade things
weren't played with Jason Derulo the
Demi Lovato tour and this one right here
ariana grande opened up for us actually
oh this one was actually when we played
front of 15,000 people dosa pan you guys
remember this Lollapalooza and Brazil we
had the contest whoever can make the
dumbest face on our pass oh here it is
walk toward 2002 are actually when did
this one you went to that one ah are you
solving all right now I gotta clean this
up later
wow that's so crazy do you know what I
just remembered that was a no affects
less than Jake and yeah both stud finder
how much I love you it's a little too
close so yes tomorrow is the official
house tour because we will be completely
done never mind the pinball machine
behind my head you already knew it was
there we're gonna push all through the
night den in in it dance dad dad open
then three no no sorry oh one two three
one two open then - yeah
I'm nervous you got it here
yeah except that other no yeah beautiful
babe guitarists taking a break so are
you taking a break at this point in my
life I feel like I can build furniture
in my sleep
speaking of which I want to sleep so bad
but we are working through the night to
make sure that we can do the full house
tour correctly this time
obviously everything no it's been pretty
much done I don't think it's gonna be
perfectly because I think over time but
it might change over time you know
because right now you guys have been
seeing you know in the background of the
vlogs and I kind of want to make it more
official all right guys well it's for
it's 4 a.m. right it's 4 a.m. right now
we just finished the house just so we
just finished the house never mind what
just happened
so tomorrow in the vlog we'll do the
official house tour I know you guys have
been asking that for a long time and we
finally got the house so we're not
completely embarrassed well the boxes
and junk what was the last thing I said
alright don't forget to subscribe guys
if you got already and we will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a great
night doodles bye guys
pick the bed nice though the other way
the entire dungeon you're the 80s and
you're in a street gang
okay and I just challenged you to a
dance-off what are you gonna do that's
what you gonna do there we go
I don't know what to do you win if I
can't run Marlee in a day all you gotta
do is just make her do that for a little
bit she's exhausted here you go my get
it so we get the Panda
