good morning Internet I'm on toward you
after eating love this house one thing I
am you know listening on having two
stories I have no idea how it's
happening
the dogs are always trapped downstairs
we have a little baby gay yet somehow
the hair gets up a stairs very
perplexing so happy Tuesday I think it's
two things I think so
well I am obstacle helps savanah move
Vanna is moving it's kind of bittersweet
because we've just spent so much time at
her apartment and even like when I moved
out it was kind of one of those things
we spent so much time at my place and it
you know it sucked but same time moving
on is so awesome and it's it's scary and
it's challenging and it's exhausting but
it's so worth it in the end but right
now we're gonna move her stuff back to
her parents house because she's gonna be
moving into her new apartment and like -
a month and a half because they're
getting it ready and they're getting it
ready for everyone to them the
individuals that are there now to move
out so we're gonna help her pack it up
and get it to her mom's house and then I
got to go back finish up our house that
I see today it's gonna be done obviously
their sole gonna always be little
additions that we can add into it but
it's at the point where we feel very
comfortable and it's livable so yay so
playing hide-and-go-seek and I wanna
show you guys the greatest fighter of
all time even though this is where she
goes every time you guys are switching
it up bro can't keep using the same
place get predictable versa Ben and I
did our majority of our girls nights it
was just so convenient and this was the
porch where we had our long
conversations that was the pun that we
stared out while we had our long
conversations but I can remember when
Savannah first moved in here and there
was like there's but literally there was
nothing in here I think she all you had
was a table
yeah there was a table right there and
that was it and that's kind of how we
spent a majority every day so now she's
getting out the rest of her stuff so
we're gonna grab the rest of this and
move it on out your whatever it is in
here my power shut off that alone this
morning
yeah so repairer shut up so that's how
she's been dealing I got a warning to
get her but she has a mini fan that's
battery-operated so it works guys she's
like kidding you air conditioner check
of minion like you know just I'd like to
say it works hot air blowing me oh I can
remember with my first car it didn't
have like a CD player in it so I would
bring a portable CD player that I would
that was like
operated another play to my car don't
you love your first car yeah after eight
years
a little Volkswagen buns there you go
well good I'm getting rid of that
there's that one laughing I feel like
whenever you move that's like it's
always the kid because I didn't get like
my cat obviously you need this yeah
that's what every was gonna take now the
worst thing about sneezing is just when
you're about to see something you lose
it hi baby I'm so scared little RINO
he's like what the heck is going on here
you have no place to hide any more vino
at least your litter box is still there
you can go poo pourri please you can
call pool if you don't know Savannah
Savannah is all about lists she got to
have lists for her list but almost three
years are you here on my knees all the
time girls wailing we used to I used to
come over and we would paint our nails
and order pop gems veggie pizza no
Thomasson no black olives and what was
it the garlic breadsticks all the time I
was our girls nights we did like every
Sunday our new traditions are coming new
traditions on your places don't worry it
will change is good
change is positive change is good where
you ticklish yeah you tickle this but I
get sit up right stay close again right
there
you love her oh come on D leave him
alone
everybody Malone you just wanna mess
with Julia come on guys
so when I went to Detroit get my charger
in place and I broke it in Detroit and
and Ali wanted off the playing field
where she finds me can anyone find Ali I
got to do the small copper game
called it
I knew I'd find you here can you guys
this the creepy 3d mess of this
it's pretty impressive I did Scalia turn
around it looks like from AI but tilt
that sideways you guys just say oh it's
done see it's impressive
should make CTFxC weird weird ones the
videos look at you what tell how many
shots of espresso you got in there
now they got three shots of espresso
yeah have you ever seen the meat
grinders
some of the worst things in the world
stepping in poop and walking in the
spiderweb I don't know which ones words
I'm stepping in the bus my mom actually
did that several tech my mom actually
got one stuck his tongue everything
stung her but my mom
really
here's a fun fact guys the smaller
scorpion the more deadly they are so if
you see a scorpion hope is a giant one
really didn't know that most venomous
ones are the tiny
a little d√∂nitz always knows
that's actually from forgetting stuff
handy do you guys know where I'm talking
about here
cut the Zoey's face falling asleep as
I'm holding your head but that's a
little duck guys few years ago she got a
little curious stuck her nose and a bush
came out with a big freaking bolt on her
nose all right guys we're gonna play a
game called the world's smartest dog
where'd she go
where'd she go with Marley all right so
we got cookies you want these cookies
I know you do there are cookies in there
how are you gonna get them
and she's a pretty smart dog or just an
asshole
we're gonna try something a little
healthier now you can have a carrot d1
carrot so dainty
I realized I'm shooting myself in the
foot teaching her to open up the
bathroom I just think it would be funny
when we have a guest over it's Marlee
just barges in and threw it in there
there you go kiss you're not that smart
look for it where is it where is it
Marlee you're walking on top of it all
right brick dance brick gets all the way
do a really good one
regular the other way
entire dungeon you're the 80s and you're
on a street gang okay and I just
challenge you to a dance-off what are
you gonna do that's what you gonna do
there we go I don't know what to do you
win if I can't run Marlee in a day all
you gotta do is just make her do that
for a little bit and she's exhausted
okay here you go my get it so we get the
Panda no down don't hit me don't hit me
I'm gonna hit you back hey my tender
buddy
everybody up high down low too slow I
know it's gonna miss stuff there you go
thank you
not my tackle one no with that
you're insane how do you walk like an
Egyptian hello
probably walk the same way as us curious
huh clean my beard off by the way again
yes
I'm all clean shaven all right we're
gonna watch a movie and kind of go to
bed and I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video if you guys are brand new to the
CTFxC don't forget to click the little
subscribe button and we will see you
guys every single day as always damage
that would have been totally cool I
would have done that you're welcome our
doodles dig this it's an Austrian wall
whoops I slipped a little eyeball
sit on the pillow on the bed stuck look
at that just pull it up are they out of
the show
