good morning Internet good morning
Internet did you catch it good morning
Internet good morning Internet she's
fired it's a beautiful afternoon and we
just thought heck we're gonna go for a
walk might as well bring the dogs barley
was just completely underneath he's like
hey that's my dog that's my dog but
Marley was just like completely on your
diesel legs feeling the same thing that
everybody else is smelling is pretty big
Esprit funny oh look at these best
friends just hanging out yeah I love it
they always work so good together it's
like the Mod Squad like it's so nice to
be able to shake here but it still
doesn't take away the fact that it's 93
degrees outside summer in florida still
we got the pretty trees nice breeze no
it's not outside but we're trying to
keep them in the shade as much as
possible and diesel so we're walking and
diesels are taking up his feet and he
just like this and it was the funniest
thing we've ever seen I wish I was
filming it but I've also bad so we ran
them right over and got him in the grass
between the puzzle big slobbering a
promise chin really Judy let me see nope
stop back up oh my gosh it looks so cool
oh don't eat plants please no plants
died I just think that such a cool plant
I know it's really pathetic but I think
it's really awesome look for a second
mmm does it feel like she's punching you
yes I feel like the wood legal way for
me to get away
the brain sucka well I did turn out no
one camera on my back work since it
actually sucking on there I'm gonna ask
you have like a big ol hickey on your
back like a dinosaur hmm Oh Stegosaurus
thick fail oh don't put that anywhere
near me Punk oh honey you're so hard on
them jela she's also he wanted it's all
they wanted to cool their hockey forgot
it pull down your feet
this is diesel trying to scare a lizard
just okay run lizard run I'm trying to
help you run that will go in the house
that worked against me dizzy in the
house can't be in the house Larry's on
the house what do you feel you back your
nose off I'm trying to save this lizard
blow your bubbles I don't know if I've
ever caught this on camera but but all
the time ever since Zoe was a puppy she
would always try to blow bubbles I want
to try to get it before and we'll try to
get an after so this is always a puppy
blowing bubbles super tiny right I
thought Zoe was broken with the lasers
does super broken mars / judging she
doesn't
that's after if you didn't see
yesterday's video Ali and I bought like
a kid's slip and slide we're gonna try
to do if you guys didn't see yesterday's
video is uh we're gonna try to do kid
toys like toys that we loved as kids and
replay them as adults and see if they
still stand the test of time so far the
slip and slide did not a too short be it
hurts if you guys have any other kid
toys let me know in the comments and
we'll try those next you look at his
face yeah you're so cute I have a fun
game for you guys is this cat going
upstairs or walking downstairs I think
he's going upstairs I don't know here's
another MINDEF ready
Graham so Ali in Caitlin are on a walk
right now which I don't know why it's
like 97 degrees in the middle of the day
and Zoe and I are just kind of chilling
Marley's over there diesels broken over
there looking for stuff that it doesn't
exist and now that gets back we're gonna
try to finish up the shelving could be
that's like the last thing we have to do
we've been putting it off because we're
terrified of doing it because we think
we're gonna screw it up because I
screwed up a friggin towel rack remember
that guys I don't know what's gonna
happen if i do shelving so we're
postponing that and hopefully by the end
of this week we can do like the full
like cribs like intro to the house like
make it official because i think after
that everything will be done which is
pretty exciting actually because we've
been doing this like two months now
feels like
remember the other day we were talking
about Ali's one green thing at least one
green thing in the house I was trying to
get by with this plastic bag just a
respectful green glass to her you can
have more green in the house that's my
plastic bag now working for you I guess
how our patch kid really all right which
one we're gonna do first what do the
empty one first that there's no
instructions on this we are screwed no
we're not finis there's the instruction
I think they have instructions for each
individual yeah he's ready go get a
hammer go put on your protective where
you can't take it off inside you're in
the construction zone dude you can take
it off outside without showing you guys
too much all i have to say is i
recommend getting a professional to do
shelving it's impossible to do work it
baby work it is
holly was about the freaking drop kick
somebody dog on her tied up to like
their bike or something like that with
no water or anything is Ali I really
pissed off so she's getting him some
water good samaritan you ever do that
around Ali she'd probably kick your ass
we're gonna go to the person this oh
okay seriously guys if you thought first
off don't tire dog out front that's like
the worst thing you can do I've heard
too many horror stories or what do
kidnapping dogs walgreens other day and
I guess I made for the police cuz this
lady was in wallman's for like a really
long time I try to go in quietly wait
the window like literally crash that
much I've actually known somebody who's
broken a window the let go like a dog
out they seriously don't do it and if
you do it you're going to get in trouble
and you're an asshole we shot you know
what this is his thumb tacks the entire
time I told you about the fact that ice
wall hey I know the internet knows every
time I see a yellow thumbtack I remember
a lot the yellow thumbtack that I age
are we going to finish the closet
tonight without ripping each other's
hair out look good sweet it was it were
you lying to me mr. evil it is decidedly
so so is lying to you so excited
I don't know if she runs we did our
girls I know low for the slip inside
don't worry kick it up it'll survive
just needs a little that's what you did
with your foot fun stud I don't know one
that's falling off his wood right now
whoo so we just wrapped a fart in here
so that's that cool dude come on got in
trouble just stop with the food just
take the farts with you dude well
without ruining too much a show that we
were successful things are working every
little thing we do I get more and more
pumped because I've never been the type
of person to do these type of like home
improvement type of things I love the
show gonna make me very good don't worry
about it and you're an idiot because I
see your camera closet number two so
that's obviously I'm not going to bid
they're not all this was actually bigger
this wall only hit gross but only bad
part is if we do this here I wonder if
we can actually do this do one lower one
higher put one down here for you yeah do
that and then do the short one up there
so that Nina Tolan safety first it
sounds like Oh drilling wall whoops I
slipped I was really lab all man named
Annie damn straight what the fudge balls
she is now a new level
she's on the pillow on the bed she's
getting stuck look at that just pull it
up our layout of the shelf
I can joining to you sure so is this the
height of camera it's so easy all right
guys Ali and I just got done looking for
probably about two two and a half hours
for the camera so I took it out of my
pocket when we're doing everything i had
no idea where it was and of course it
was just like everything when you lose
it right under your nose anyway hope you
guys enjoyed today's video we're going
to go to bed now I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always have a great night
doodles bye guys saddest thing I've ever
experienced we're not even make it to
the end we will not give up being a kid
at heart didn't you like law Charles
that was such a sad sad example Hydra
we really need to get a pool oh that
hurts I don't know what you're doing
wrong I don't know what I'm doing wrong
