hello it looks like this is wrong would
assert my day not all over myself now it
smell like several girls and I'm wearing
the same freakin shirt
think about maybe going shopping in the
airport and finding a shirt Greece
invention ever
anyway so direct light and it won the
lotto got upgraded friggin high-five
this is exactly how I feel right about
now
the aircraft's change getting on a new
plane this one is broken because the
doors were actually shutting
getting on another plane hopefully the
doors aren't broken on this one
and we landed apparently I slept through
the whole fact that the plane had to do
some crazy diversion to miss some other
plane this is why I sleep on planes I'd
miss this crap otherwise it'd be like
frickin nervous as hell and have like a
heart attack
anyway oh look at you you goof
so since it's such a gorgeous day
outside we might as well be out here
right right what I think they agree
there's no way in uncharred fortunately
his flight got delayed so he should be
here probably anytime
she's passed out
Booga Booga Booga Booga Booga Booga
Booga Booga
I thought I thought uh-oh
are you
yeah fun on your fun story yeah so our
plane was going down like the land and
apparently there's a plane that was just
before us broke so was stuck on the
runway so we were going like this up
there's a plane and almost basically
topped the top of it
tip the top of it like you're the plane
right there cuz I was asleep
my uber driver told me about it about my
plane so nice to finally be able to
justice in the backyard and relax and
take in and the beautiful weather so
that is precisely what I'm doing today
turned it's up to the house he's I think
right now he's just gonna go and take a
quick nap get a weird plane ride over
here he's busy I probably shouldn't be
showing you guys this but what the hell
I almost died at a plane I really did
but it was scary
Molly keeps trying going her to the bed
so we have to keep yeah basically figure
something out to keep her out no I feel
bad she looked at me the whole time soon
just go on top of the business gather
bed yeah come on your dog bad right no
not there if I can't go over it
I'll go under no fair going yours know
who so what my dad would always go on
tour he come home a really fun thing you
would always do is bring my sister
myself presents so I would always try to
do that with Zoey marlax I don't have
kids right now you guys have CTFxC r--'s
are helping keep that tradition alive so
i got toys and presents for everybody so
these gifts I can't take credit for from
to awesome to get like serious the
flamingos they said it was for Zoey so I
got the flamingos
then there's more in this like a clown
car the dragon was for you diesel you
got the monkey okay
they give you a monkey the CTFxC loves
you diesel and then this schmuck over
here I think was Alex oh and I'm so
sorry I camera I think was Morgan
you gonna have some too I believe see
how it's not open you see how it's open
right there yeah I think it's all my
backpack thank you guys for keeping the
tradition alive everyone loves their
toys except Marley because you wanted to
store those a stupid thing look at that
oh that's sugar through this I feel it
we have to do some surgery right now get
over here
everyone just watch how quick she'll get
out all right look there's the cookie
right here come here kids are being very
good this one tries to pretend like
she's being good and actually she's
planning her next evil move he are
getting gas right now I had a walk
inside to get some water cuz we're gonna
the park and look at this in the front
seat you just look like this is where
you're supposed to be yeah like I don't
know this is where we parked the tour
bus right here literally this whore bus
was parked right there or maybe was
right here late in this section and then
the main stage was right here for Warped
Tour right there
funny and it worked for two times here
and didn't realize this was behind us
the entire time girls work on the pool
the giant pool called the ocean or the
Gulf where the hell this is called let's
go check out the beach this is Tiki
Beach
dudes this way no I hate loti it smells
so bad
Martin by the sandbar there like pretty
much underwater this is why I love where
I live
they have little charging stations
everywhere you go here's the funny thing
about being the generation that we are
I really have to write things like
physically so when I do it looks like I
wrote it left-handed and a
three-year-old like I literally tried to
write a G and I put a deep for some
reason I don't know that's because they
poke my brain or just because I don't
usually do it
they cursive don't even I won't even try
to do curse of the you Martin my name I
can do my signature and that's about it
only because that's like a piece of art
your signature is like a piece of art
it's not really necessarily a hard time
but it's like when you're writing you're
like this is more strenuous than I
thought it would actually be there's no
I'm actually saying this is because some
of my bills actually require something
called a stamp old-school then they make
me look like an idiot when they see my
hand we're gonna go get some food maybe
watch a movie I don't know don't know
where the day's gonna take us or the
nights gonna take us it's early twenty
nine o'clock they have a San Francisco
treat there's a lot younger is coming
over all my punk rock shows
when I had red hair yes I know you can
google it used to be a lot more like
sketchy now I'm gonna try to tie a
cherry stem with her tongue
totally dip it I believe that was like
five seconds
swing around
let's just do a slow zoom on this little
Joey are you destroying toys down there
we need to like seriously invent like a
dog toy that has like no eyes just a
ball like fluff it's all yeah it does
actually so you put what's going on guys
I didn't do anything
all right guys well guys are soaking wet
it's disgusting feel I felt I picked him
up Oh crazy plain dry I can't believe
that our plane almost landed on top of
another plane and I was sleeping through
the whole thing that's what's crazy I
didn't know about it into my uber driver
told me about it I would have peed
myself I didn't know about was sleeping
I know but I'm saying I wouldn't have
been sleeping you know that yeah you've
been there yeah I literally would have
peed myself I might have done more I
don't want to admit that in crap it's
your crapper pooped
you're a crafter poop I probably wanted
tunnel yes
I would have died it would have been bad
it would die over yet all right we got
way off track anyway guys I yeah way off
track I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night and we will
see you guys tomorrow
have a good night again doodles I guess
Cheetos
now the guys go to this other one okay
so far I'm getting some things hung up
slowly coming together again I'm like
loving the stud finder sing playing it's
so JJ and I are going to try this one
now this seems a little cleaner I didn't
have to go back and basically make my
own
