good morning Internet going on another
airplane
let's go the cool thing about living up
here now is that we can get later
flights and we can get more direct like
non-stop flights flights yo Ali is
taking me to go get on an airplane and
then we're playing a show Detroit which
would be the first show that I played
back since the band's been back from the
Middle East pretty excited if you guys
didn't actually see yesterday's video we
did the juice challenge right now I'm
uploading it to make sure it's online in
time because I don't want to deal with
that ball in the air 40,000 feet up in
the air so yeah not that a lot pretty
 stoked directly and I think it's
won a lot of first-class
love-love-love direct flights you just
got the skip over Atlanta today what I
was trying to show you guys was like the
fact that they gave you utensils which
are essentially weapons I just thought
that was kind of funny that you go
through all that security and then in
the end you sit down there's chair and
they give you food with weapons she's
gonna dumb right party boss party boss
hey this is drop the phone I can see you
know that you're not dropping your phone
everywhere so Charlo today I he went to
Detroit because we've Kings had a show
sir you are not supposed to be on this
bed right now you were gonna get me in
so much trouble come on get down she
knows right from wrong but you're like
no I'm a rebel look at my ass
you are jerk get it the transformer oh
the movie and then it's an actual
transformer you guys ever have a
headache dead do not ever look at this
why don't you get to do it down here I
don't know I'm just turning knobs I'm
gonna try and knock out the office
before target zone if at all possible
wish me luck okay I'm gonna try this one
see what I can do
I'm grabbing extras little essentials a
bunch of like signals and stuff like
that so you have to like nicely the
signals a little bit better so they're
currently using something called tin
foil which is very very advanced it's
super advanced every once in a while I
get this like TV station or something
like that it's like a Spanish soap opera
you know one of these days they want to
try my very best to get out to the
beaches because it's just like gorgeous
out right now it's been rainy and really
crappy out I mean that's kind of typical
summer Florida weather
it'll rain and it's like pitch black in
the morning and then like an hour later
it's absolutely breathtaking back to
reality is what I want back to reality
but reality should be on Sundays at
least Sunday at least Sunday I can have
that off and do what I want to do so I'm
kind of hoping that that works out this
weekend days of recent finally marks the
day
human history human rights hi again
nobody VFX ears but that actually works
a historic day in human history and
human rights the way I see it like in
the world so far that's so violent so
essentially so ugly and just full of
hatred that finally we are actually
taking step in the right direction when
you're older and you look back on this
day it's going to be a big big deal I
mean it is a big deal a huge deal right
now I just I wanted to put this on the
vlogs because this is a time capsule for
essentially my life as well as
entertaining you guys so when I look
back on this On June 26 it's going to be
a historic day that already is but this
could be kind of cool to watch it later
in life I really wanted to say didn't
want to say too much other than that you
know love to everybody and
congratulations almost uh see what I'm
saying happiness all around like I said
I'm not putting this in for a debate or
anything like that
I'm just putting this in solely for the
fact that it's kind of nice to see
something in such a violent world that's
a little bit more beautiful
alright good sigh oh you are not oh my
god
I don't know how that little thing has
so much energy
what are you doing oh yeah that's the
spot oh my god
what are you doing good Marley Marley
time to start building are you gonna
help will you help me they're all kind
of like those Oh Molly here we go trying
to get the office completed oh I really
haven't becoming a pro the building
furniture
that is shelfing a little one but it's
something I'm gonna do my best
looks like I was just gonna hang out
with me in here she was hanging out over
there you guys can see recompress Healy
oh they're just so you know every time
we go to Philadelphia they have the
Geno's and Pat's like debate you know
which Philly cheesesteak is better well
here Detroit they have an American Coney
Island dog and the Lafayette so I'm
going to get both and I want to tell you
guys which is better got you a hot dog
you
hard sex heartsick now we gotta go to
this other one okay so far I'm getting
some things hung up slowly coming
together miss your dad I'm like loving
this the stud finder thing I'm telling
you it's saving grace when it comes to
hanging things up it's a saving grace JJ
and I are going to try this one now dig
in the presentation how's yours look
just good it's like they cared about the
hotdog a little bit more do you think
it's hard to say which one click
differentiate them they're just they're
both the same so tests are inconclusive
the streets are on fire
javi drop your 40 so we're gonna try to
go to this
to try to film as much as I can but I
feel like I'm going to get probably
slapped on my hands
we made a friend telling us about a
register I feel like everyone was fell
to the ground what I was saying is this
young lady was telling us about this
major shooting that just happened back
there just when the traps was easing
like that with the office one of like
the things I really wanted to make sure
that I did for char and that I just did
for the office in general cuz they're
both gonna be utilizing it I wanted to
make sure like that really important
memorabilia isn't hung up or put in a
spot that is safe and recognized because
I feel like that's kind of what you
should do you know there's so many
accomplishments that he's had and so
many amazing things that he's done and
so many people like touched that they
want to like send all these amazing
things and I just wanted to make sure
that there was a place for it everywhere
I know he kind of had it scattered all
over the house at the other house he
said that one thing when came to this
new house he's always gonna have things
in the living room some of the bedrooms
some upstairs in the game room
everywhere he wanted to make sure that
the office in particular was like it's
like the room of accomplishments
how did is a motivational if you think
about it you see all these amazing
things that you've done you see all
these you know crazy ventures that
you've had and I think it almost gives
you more encouragement to push harder so
you can put more up or you can do better
things of that sort so that's exactly
what I'm trying to accomplish here for
him and we're gonna put it all on the
red red or black we're gonna do job
vinegar feels
by the way you guys ever gambled that
has nothing to build anymore this this
is just a ball going and I don't support
it
but I will I will be around it's just a
ball spinning around there's nothing to
do with what Travis said sandwiches
you're about to get double your
sandwiches
let's do this buddy black can't take it
off not completed but further than we
work so I'm around there's all that crap
on the floor not anymore
well got his money back and then I
doubled up and what have you guys
learned today don't gamble don't do it
so Travis lost all our money but JJ came
out on top you wanna hundred bucks now I
just gotta steal my money back from trav
trav is the worst gambler ever because
he's just like he doesn't always do it
alright guys so JJ and I are calling it
a night
he's up $100 and I am NOT anyways the
battery's about to die I will see as
small as always before we leave Detroit
wants to say something guys
it's all right oh you'd hold on
don't please
actually crying
