good morning in there I'm pretty stoked
because tomorrow I get to play a show
yet which is awesome because right now
if you guys didn't know where the Kings
has been overseas and I wasn't able to
go because of the whole chemo situation
regimen so to be honest it's been like
really tough for me to you know sit by
and not be a part of it but everyone's
coming home and we have a show in
Detroit tomorrow so today we're gonna
watching the video whatever day it is
well that was kind of funny speaking of
we the Kings I literally just got off
the phone with Danny it was just kind of
a gathering the whole situation saying
how hot it was how awesome it was and I
got another one they're all freaking out
this is what's awesome about having a
tall girlfriend she can you reach things
that you can I do I do like silly arms
and legs and feet I admit it
you are giant we're Jolly Green Giant so
do you guys remember when this happened
with Zoey somehow found little Marley
and decide to make it her new toy so I
had to replace Marley so dftba sent
another Zoey Marley now we're a happy
family again there we go now we're a
happy family again everyone's got the
rise everyone's got their nose so if you
want your own Zoey and Marley CTFxC
verse comm you can get your own Zoey
Marley toy it slowly
here's Marley we got to make one for you
D talk time to go give blood
my favorite thing in the world after
came out
okay one two three
oh my god having too much fun
myself or ourselves to a nice little
caramel apple or chocolate apple and
what happened they dropped and I'm like
looking all over for them good don't
something here this somebody found it
for me you get the white one you get the
black one good get a bud we had a three
blind mice Marley there's a rat on your
head you were literally the worst rat
terrier ever yes I will not you have to
work for this nope get it I'm not just
give it to you work for your work I know
that didn't make sense work for a candy
apple okay okay so welcome to a little
section of the vlog we're going to do
the juice challenge a lot of you guys
have asked us to do this and our good
friends Jesse and Jeana have done this
so good idea on you guys so Ali and I
have just spent the last two hours two
hours juicing random Fagin thanks
forever - and we'll actually what
happens - loser
we have to figure that out I think that
whoever loses has to eat or take a
spoonful of any item in the house or a
bite just like a bite like a bite or
simple of any item in the house that
won't kill us deal okay deal paper rock
scissors shoot paper rock scissors shoot
for beater okay okay here goes bottoms
up
but what is it take another swing you
don't know what it is sing another swing
I can't drink any more of it so you're
gonna go zero yes I taped on the back of
it you could taste it like taste it no
victim for you you got a point one for
you Bravo drink it honey move your just
don't sniff with your nose silly good
drink it drink pineapple all right
that's right it's delicious you please
give me water is that part of the rules
please I fucking hate you are you
supposed to keep in the back so that's
fucking today no it's not your son is
that tuna that you can't don't ya so
that's
I got to that's sucks for me silly Robin
it's definitely a vegetable yeah I know
I've eaten this before yeah
by accidental Boston breath smells like
tuna fish yeah good luck yeah cucumber I
forget it
I'm scared now I wasn't even really
scared feel like you're gonna beat me
now sucks yeah but I wasn't scared
before but you have to realize that
these are very distinctively operating
it's not really pickle that's a pickle I
like that I like pickle juice I don't
like this game anymore that's a good one
this game sucks
I got fun cuz I'm the bit buddy dude I
almost had it
the salty back paste I almost had it
going in for more xx canned tuna or
canned chicken that's not fair are you
King you don't you mean you can ask fun
yeah but that doesn't count finally got
a chance a cur
chicken noodle soup saving not that it's
completely different area noodles and
there's nope that's chicken noodle soup
that's wrong Boyan this is the chicken
Boyan nope it's chicken noodle soup I'm
only gonna do this because I love you
and it might be nice oh this is good I
know
ah this is watermelon yo man I got four
for four right I'm feeling the fire
tonight
hey what do I get that's definitely
pickle yeah we've done the same thing
yeah
pickle pickle you just look at my drink
I don't know happy you wanted it
romaine lettuce is a funnel guess it's
no beef it's creepy it's really good is
really a bad it smells like it just came
from there
why is it so late boehmini that's the
worst part is like you put out of your
lip and it just gets all foamy this
game's fucking hard
why is it see the thing is you guys it's
foamy the second you put it's just
is it a mushroom Jesus I give up you
can't get this that's mostly red pepper
really roasted red peppers in a jar
I got T so bad all right
oh you hold on now little bear look
don't please please stop
actually crying mascot be mushrooms
that's gross
it's gotta be much different answer
that's gross what is it the worst part
is I have no idea what that is
thank you super water can we slow back
I've eaten this before it in its regular
form I have no idea of helping you okay
yeah you put more than the pepper in
here and a red onion why I think is that
would see what I did a red onion in all
of you know because I knew your ass was
gonna do something really mean to me
pretty impressive what five out of the
six in there now since one I'll be right
back so you're gonna have a spoonful is
that apple cider vinegar right no just
two just ring it oh it is no that's
currently it's good for you but it's
really tasting ass well I'm looking out
for your help here's a spoonful of apple
cider vinegar okay pick up sir what the
Dodger organs
I missed the cup fuck you
uh we just completed the juice challenge
because of you and I just have to say
alright guys well it's gonna be there's
a video because I have to get out of
plane early tomorrow morning just want
to say good night
hope you enjoyed today's video and lets
me know more challenge videos have a
great night
bye guys that is pretty darn cool
there's some magical gloves
you look very creepy
dumbest inning of everybody my countess
ah you know so Charles has decided to
set
