good morning internet know kind of
another rainy summer day in Florida yeah
coming they both freaking out diesel put
that red rock away dude you're so scared
your boner came out oh hey Mario come on
let's go here come over here right here
everyone on their bed not on the bed
didn't say on oh then say on then say on
at all said by the bed or did I say on
lay in your bed I'm right here yeah do
you wanna come over here what are you
doing we've been trying to keep the dogs
off the bed when we sleep but here's the
funny thing they stay off they stay on
their beds until we all fall asleep and
then somehow we wake up and they're all
on the bed you guys are protected oh
you're that of course they do Charles
that's why they're hiding yeah they're
all not have a good time with them
where'd you say you have a second
what I call that and it's a bad
thunderstorm that crazy though cuz you
can feel it like shake the entire house
did you feel that yeah it shakes the
house but the dogs aren't freaked out
diesel for some weird reason is ok now
he's got a bone but Zoey and Marley are
having a hard time I don't have a thing
that you are having a hard time so
another piece of furniture completed nah
it's minor but I i'm kind of impressed
with myself but oh look your hair cut
pineapple getting different to you guys
but I cut like almost two inches off
which this is really bold move for me
because I never cut my hair ever you
know this I never cut my hair I'm so
this is the shortest i've ever had my
hair in the past god I don't know like
10 15 years I'm pretty proud of myself
summer cut Alex finally feeling the pain
that I felt when I was trying to hang up
that sunburn input yeah well no but you
were feeling the pain though right well
cuz there's I don't know what's behind
it was it sucks I don't idea oh it is a
stud but it's a thing it's the edges son
no dead center that's why we're having
problems you should have used our stud
finder I did you think it didn't work
out I guess yeah but I know I just means
that thing's not making me very happy
well I'm not a happy camper right now is
because the stupid rain is completely
screwed up our internet so I've been
trying to upload the vlog and behold you
know having issues with that so what's
wrong I thought perfect this is gonna be
your next crazy adventure and then after
that we'll do the closets so jar let's
go bitch yeah I've kind of known that
for a while I just know what until chaos
kind of like our lives this is how best
friends hang out underneath the desk do
you see this
yeah yeah I'm get best friends and then
these two best friends voila look at
that we had to make a few extra holes
though scaring this bad boy so it
doesn't fall over with all this thing's
weird objects that you up you know what
that is one thing I did notice about you
and your office you have a very unique
collection of things that you've
accumulated over the years good bye laws
and stuff yeah well I think that's kind
of cool to you though you know how like
I'm you I gotta show you guys this now
that my life consists and be on
airplanes all the time this is actually
the first time I ever ever ever flown in
my entire life but it's actually when I
was flowing out for MTV mista TRL
studios and you want to show you guys
something to look very closely look at
that vlogging camera that was walking
with never mind the hair look at that
vlogging camera and we got one out Ali
and I just moved the desk from where
Marla was hiding and the look on her
face is like when you like dig up an
earthworm she's like looking at like Oh
Marley is now a vegetarian careful now
until you want to try it it's just
lettuce so y'all you did oh geez Marley
Zoe ate it too you must get some damn
good lettuce so I bought this random
like bubble maker thing I were supposed
to juggle false advertisin
jugglin of all that is pretty darn cool
I'm bouncing bubbles there's the magical
gloves you look very creepy this is
dumbest thing I've ever seen my fair
life that was working ah right you know
so Charles has decided to set yet
another Guinness World Record which is
blowing the biggest bubble and our house
so good maybe that's the point is it's
supposed to keep your child entertained
for like four hours trying to figure out
how they make a bubble just stay on
their hands on I knew exactly what
they're doing I want to join us in a kid
all the time and then you make it in a
hand like it it's a hand that's ahead to
hit the hands no look people up cuz I
let a hole there go stronger the bubble
no bad is so bubblicious me are you
happy that your bubble thing works I
know what's gonna disappoint you got
this bad look yeah like that
I think that's the funniest part just
watching people try to actually do it oh
sorry look at the bow babe babe babe
with Bella then I'm working it's a
bubble machine over here if you guys are
remembering we are supposed to be doing
work there we go don't one yeah give the
ball away
everyone want to take a break even
though we pretty much have been on break
all day huh Ali's got a present for
everybody oh look it's a baby Marley or
maybe just a normal size Marley Marley
still is the Shaquille O'Neal of rat
terriers Diesel's not a fan of
skateboarders I know right Google the
hooligans some are we always got to just
attacked by a bunch of geese let's
politely go say hello quack I love the
mighty ducks I don't know why they're
running under Emilio Estevez for their
ducks you're so like it what are you
doing the giant bubble on a pizza that's
a giant bubble I get worried
there goes okay it's kind of perfect for
what we did today well internet hope you
enjoyed today's video don't forget to
subscribe as a brand new and I will see
you guys tomorrow as always happened
better bye guys doodles
so much only published footage of you
now and publishing everything don't give
you did you baby might never ever gets
old never gets old
