so good morning internets I'm kind of
taking over in this early morning hour
because charge isn't feeling too hot so
I figured I'd go ahead and grab the
camera and start filming we're just
trying to get the house completed cuz
we're we're over it
we're over the Mets we're over all the
crap that's in here over and over and
over and we just want it to be done so
we finally got our box things for the
bed you're tired this bed now I'm just
gonna kind of clean it up make it into
our guest room these little you're not
gonna drink my coffee I gotta make it
comfy because melissa is gonna be here a
lot Phil's gonna be here a lot any time
we have guests over we want them to feel
at home
chart is going to rest up a little bit
more the chemo kind of made him feel a
little extra crappy this time sir you do
not look innocent at all right now is
that your new best friend
I don't know how happy is always gonna
be about that at least I know with you
you're not gonna eat eyeballs in the
nose off you're just gonna probably chew
on them a lot probably rip off arms and
legs which at this point I'm not really
sure which is better and you have no
idea what I'm talking about
good boy right now we are working on our
closet downstairs not really knowing
what we're doing or how we're gonna even
complete it how it it's set up it's been
a very informative move but right now
all my stuff is right in here trying to
really really want to show you guys
everything it's been a process I mean
every single day we've been doing a
little bit more getting rid of things I
think every single person that we've
talked to is that it's a process moving
this process but it's been kind of
embarrassing because we don't really
want to show you guys too much because
it's dirty and I know that he's not
really like that I'm not really like
that and we just want to keep it clean
we wanted to be presentable dust
everybody else so soon very very soon
you will see it all I don't know why I
find this so
yes finally there ain't a stopped
anybody who lives in Florida who knows
what I'm talking about what it will do
is it will like rain in the morning and
then it stops for an hour then it starts
raining again Singh you really don't
even have time to do any of the content
if you want to but right now
pretty nice it's not perfect but it's
better hello guys so I thought like I
already mentioned I feel like crap today
like someone punched me in the stomach
14 times not 13 not 12 an hour 15 or 14
so I've been kind of up I get up and
then like right back down we're gonna go
ahead and get in haircuts later because
you guys saw the damage
the the damage but the awesome attempt
at cutting his hair and not knowing what
I was doing so I felt kind of bad and I
just want to go ahead and get a fix for
him but right now I'm just gonna go out
and get him some ginger ale I'm gonna
run a few errands I think we're just
gonna kind of take it easy today for
obvious reasons I am still trying to
understand the whole chemo thing how it
affects him and how it makes him feel
and it sucks because I can't I don't
really know you know I know that just
some days he feels worse than others
sometimes he doesn't feel that at all
but unfortunately this last round of
chemo for some strange reason this
really really affected him and it's made
him sick to his stomach and he's
exhausted but I think the mood has a big
part on that as well
I just keep him in your prayers he's
been a little stressed out lately and I
know that you love you guys so much the
news I just got put in over there as you
can see Marley already wants to poop on
it
Zoey didn't good I'm walking to Target
and I just saw the cutest thing in the
world there was a guy who was holding
his baby I'm like one of those things
but you can click this really like
badass tattoo it's all over and he's big
and Buffy almost looks like a linebacker
once it's a good baby well we're trying
to fill space it's like the dining room
area
and if I lose to us in cabinets on sale
but I didn't know HR you see if he likes
it so I don't purchase something he
doesn't like and then by myself yes
because I bought it you really must be
feeling good because you're still in
your nightclothes how much one it is
you're gonna see blood off you okay now
I'm fine it's just it's funny bottom
left is blood so by cleaning the dishes
no he's like mom doesn't like that mom
doesn't limbing the cock the plates
don't peer pressure him oh you listen to
your mommy these are all the cool dogs
they do it this is terrible do you know
that if you were in high school or
elementary school you would be sent to
the principal's office will you peanut
butter on please peer pressure peanut
butter peer pressure's
huh
published footage of you now and
publishing everything that never ever
gets old never gets old
it's not my happy face
my heavy thing it was a little funny I
always tell Ally as long as the cameras
rolling I don't care and I don't go to
hospital I don't care what happens
it was actually kind of cold drink of
water and the best part is though he
tries to let me know but I always
disregarded her just blending the bark
at a squirrel or something like that
just trying to help anyway so Ally got
me a hair appointment and she's got a
hair appointment too
I told her I don't really need a haircut
I think my hair is fine we think I just
feel back they know that I butchered it
a little bit it's my fault
you don't look terrible I just think I
feel so bad that's the best part I know
I think gen√®ve a little big oh that's
good and to you look in the back well
here's the thing you got me through the
Playboy Mansion that's all we needed
just that one day oh those blade boy
bunnies
Google buddy
money she mentioned that I got to like
the very top portion of his skull and
stopped how you're looking very dapper
I'm glad I didn't completely butcher
your head I'm not gonna cut it ever
again I promise
so my trick works for the Playboy
Mansion and you move bad haircut Geneva
said I passed for the bad haircut up
support the poor is bad it opens up the
pores valleys going for an inch that
were you doing pal you want to pay some
respect to your hair you just gonna
leave it here
Oh what have we learned from this
situation
don't let Ally cut your hair before you
go to the Playboy Mansion exactly by the
way I'm feeling a lot better guys
now I'm not shot you see the tattoo I
gave you on your left arm wait what
freak out but there's an ALICE or an
alley sore alleys cooking something was
brought very now and I couldn't tell if
diesel farted or froze Marley or one of
the dogs farted broccoli has a distinct
fart smell what smells worse broccoli or
cauliflower think broccoli is probably
the worst smelling like vegetables tasty
though very tasty it smells like a fart
I'm sorry I was kind of m.i.a today and
really honestly I didn't feel good at
all my stomach was kind of like crappy
it's kind of hard to explain unless
you've ever actually been on it every
time I would try to get out of bed I
would just kind of like this pit in my
stomach so gotta say thank you to Ali
for holding down on the vlog today by
the way I will get Ali back for that
little prank of hers now keep walking so
today you know like I just got off a
chemo like three or four days ago and
it's kind of hard to really explain how
it makes you feel like it's kind of a
ghost pit in your stomach like I said
earlier in the video it's like getting
punched in the stomach like 14 times on
top of the fact that I have to take
those seizure pills those if you don't
eat make you feel even more empty in
your stomach and it makes everything
more amplified because I'm getting
healthier I'm getting stronger I still
have to take those pills and because of
that sometimes I do feel like crap like
that and it just it sucks just so I feel
better now obviously because they've
kind of been walking around doing some
more things now that I'm up and I've
pretty much slept the entire day Ali's
exhausted so we're kind of switching but
I know if I don't go to bed now I'm
going to be screwed for the next couple
days and I will see you guys tomorrow as
always have a great night
doodles you didn't protect me like you
showed up today and you did nothing
actual look at my girl she took
