good morning guys as you probably could
tell in our little time lapse montage II
intro we are on the road we drove
somewhere can you believe it actually
we're in Orlando third time this frickin
month for a week yeah third time in like
a freaking week eight days whatever
eight days of the week I'll he's feeling
a little bit better but she's still
slowly paralyzed I get to wear a tiny
little backpack and be backpack kid no
joke I was googling him and trying to
figure out how to do the dance last
night actually I think I know how to do
it
bring on Orlando meeting up with Danny
Valentina a little Carter and I think
there's a Christmas thing going on at
Hollywood studios first we're killing
some time getting some Christmas
shopping done because I'm the new school
Ali likes a little school fishman
shopping I just go on Amazon or
something like that just buy everything
online to physically do it so I'm here
for support
stand better I'm like really it's funny
Charles don't care about my necks also
under my shoulders home my face
do it it's like you're like a turtle a
turtle you can't even move your neck
around wait they moved their neck we
can't move their neck around animal that
has supply go like this
oh like a snake no an alligator because
they have to turn the whole body
alligators they can't go like this they
have to turn the whole body right though
Caitlin wants the boots I think you
should get her these or no now Kaitlynn
needs us to Caitlin rockin those things
could be so fun it just hit you right
there on your calf like that did you get
those I tried the whole milk Congress
thing as you guys but I know for a
couple months I had to go back and fill
the Sam I didn't feel like me turn
around
yesterday Allie pinched a nerve and then
this old man did it so I'm driving and
there's a giant water bottle and the
passenger foot side right yeah go to
reach my stop means nerve right here the
same one Valley where's yours
it is hydrated everybody your dad silly
is the important process what is Carter
gonna wear for Christmas what do you
think he's thrilled you wake him up I
don't think he's getting up anytime soon
sure it's it set hours now we should
start a little gang you just made it to
Hollywood studios because apparently
what they're doing is some sort of
Christmas thing what they usually do at
Magic Kingdom is like Mickey's Christmas
but they're doing something similar at
Hollywood studios I think I saw Danny
posted something where tower terror
turns into a giant cake or Toy Story
thing I don't know watch was gonna be
kind of fun to see though this is a real
song see I love when Disney does this
when I was a kid my mom would always
bring us to the Disney one the Magic
Kingdom one so I've never been to this
one before Ali's in love or he's in love
he's in love we're gonna have to have a
little talk there Carter
best of yours on where's your ears
do it if you look you won't you won't
days Danny's got hair ties you can use
his we always had an emergency lost
cameras it's not Danny this time we know
that Oh too well
the joke dad all right so our gang is
now complete
snack is hello he has now arrived ready
to start tonight now alice is now
finding out we gotta beat our chair or
there's a choice joyride that's old you
suck this which one do you wanna go it's
going
froggen clean
that's a quarry
sorely mistaken
he's gonna get it oh you got it you feel
cleaner
not a lot snows gone and Terra Terra is
now festive this reminds me of like four
or five maybe six out of seven eight
nine ten years ago when it actually
snowed in Florida like no joke I think
we were actually going to Mardi Gras and
on the way up it started snowing
kind of like this so it was a real snow
but it was snow nonetheless is this
stick it on my head it's all over your
face it's so cool making fun of us
so it's just a giant projector it
definitely makes that ride a little less
creepy
Charles house we may not have some
pretty awesome photo beyond a little bit
better I think I'm going to like talk
down and there it is
quote a bubble snow and then there's
there's Ben Oh
got one
give up
all right so we opted not to do this -
good because Ally's internet we don't
want to begin the horse
like an hour and a half or so like that
I always wish that they just did the
Batman symbol just just for funsies my
favorite thing about this group knows
how much usually we'd be like okay we
have three hours buddy but register this
right place right this right and now
we're like oh the pain baby all this
cool even like all of us not just the
parents all of them literally gone from
here to here in an hour
but sorry whatever story you're telling
I have to interrupt snacks just goes but
you guys dropped him yet I know I mean
it's - because that's what parents do
okay I love my knuckle care I've dropped
it twice today
look at you Carter you just like a
little MacBook Air baby how many times
you dropped into console fans in the
corner but it still holds its charge no
I don't want you to drop the baby I'm
that makes my heart worried because they
were handing off the baby it looked kind
of awkward I'm like is that baby fell it
would break my heart has it ever
happened you can only learn one lesson
today at Disney with this group learned
a few lessons so far yes we have a past
hour yes we have yet the alarm this is
definitely the best ride because okay
really we can ride
what's going on but who's gonna win Ben
Danny Ali or myself we could do teams
hum baby forgot this stuff got this
one day one
what'd you get
you must have a lot of practice with
that both you said Ben and Danny guys
won fair and square
Oh
I love when it snows in Florida
you live in Buffalo New York and
everything they get stuck to my
eyelashes and they'd like the
crystallized yeah and then you couldn't
open your eyes I don't think they've
ever gone to Buffalo in the winter it's
literally probably one of the worst
place to ever go coldest because 20 this
is something Ben and I bonded over he's
from Buffalo my entire family is
actually from Buffalo so it's actually
kind of funny how that all worked out
all comes full circle over then I have
that turntable our little guy down here
has been a trooper all night he's gonna
pass out oh do you want me to rock you
to sleep char and he's been a trooper
he's absolutely adore
so cute
