good morning Internet and happy Father's
Day look her back out here I see what
hell is doing
morning why you gotta be so rude now
we're leaving doesn't know so we're
gonna go see my dad and Father's Day we
have a nice little special idea that all
I came up with for my dad but first I
gotta upload the vlog which is the most
important part of the day I wish I could
just go upload blog and it would just
upload somewhere you want to do it Mar
what I'll see you you sleep you sleep in
me people's food yeah look at this I
just found this video it's like the
world's smartest fish okay watch it okay
wait wait for it wait for it wait for it
like freaking fish playing fetch I just
want to show you how freakin cool that
is okay comparison watch do that that is
so cool
good insane Oh give me a ball I just
want to show you guys comparison here
dogs look at I got both you ready oh you
ready to okay
go fetch get out go get it now bring it
back bring it back wants to pick them up
bring it back these two are doing
absolutely nothing
go get the toy don't let a fish outsmart
you a fish is outsmarting all of you all
three of you right now this is gonna be
fake can't be real
the fish have that depends all right if
you guys have not seen this video I'll
put in description below go check it out
I want you guys go check out the video
and tell me if you think it's fake or
real
I think it's fake what do you think I
don't I think it's kind of crazy you
think it's real it wouldn't surprise me
go check it out guys let me know with
certain animals we've been taught that
they serve like one purpose one purpose
only you know what I mean
go fish you give your child goldfish
because all I do is feed it and it goes
round and bully the goldfish sole
purpose is to be a prize at a fair but
that's my point is that I'm sure that
just think about it you guys you may
have just one of the smartest
in the world I think that's pretty
awesome there if you guys haven't seen
that video I'll put a link down in
description go check it out alright
everyone's go pee before the rain comes
come on I know you're not a smartest
fish but it's okay
alright not everyone could be a goldfish
you had a problem babe are those both
filled so Ali came up with a goofy
little idea for my dad since you only
think regionally shaved off his mustache
putting a bunch of fake mustaches hey
it's Steve for Kevin which one is that
she wouldn't fit she's bill for chunker
important Ali's got the Monty Python
funky walk down should get him a pirate
one oh that scared the shit out of me
make him wear that skin move it oh man
and then the Eugene Levy that's a wig
and I was looking at the mustache go ask
him did you find him there's this one
there's the thin one there's this one
like there's nothing oh yeah I thought
the variety it's really kind of funny
just to get them off a bunch of fixstick
I'm magic Oh mustaches there you go dad
what's the flirt one right there this
little skinny one that's the flirt she's
wearing the flirt that does not make her
hot every time you make a joke I'm just
going to do it do you remember like an
element or preschool on my kindergarten
when they would make you take a picture
on the pony yeah I have photos like that
there you go
yeah Justin Timberlake is that you hey
guys a bye bye bye I love people that
bought those too someone's just like one
you're right when goes I think I need a
hat like this it is now 110 degrees in
Florida I can't find my sunglasses so
Ali's let me borrow hers
what's his Morpheus feel like Morpheus
the red pill or the blue pill which is
funny because I have a blue pill for my
anti seizures I have a half a red pill
as well so I could literally go I can
literally go blue pill a red pill we'll
have enough time to go get the mattress
today so tomorrow Ali and I are just
gonna rent a u-haul
we're just go we're never being the big
orange truck so it's really not rocket
press picked me across the bridge
I want to drive the truck though it's
got insurance so Darren is asleep here
his way for a lady gonna get me
so no joke I was like looking at this
and I was like looked up or like who's
that hottie like seriously I was
checking you out from the rugs there's a
door alex is nowhere land boy so we're
trying to avoid having to go online and
order anything cuz we figured it's her
bedroom we kinda want to make it look
place anyway Lindsey we just met your
doppelganger
wait look like her didn't know Manor
dares mannerisms everything and she had
the little thing on her lip so kind of
look like her it's pretty funny bad
Lizzie doppelganger one's your
doppelganger build build our bedroom I
guess this is something we could show
them no just kidding we're not showing
it terribly good to see everything was
done but this is like the candy store of
home products is you this is ugly
no actually I really like that you're
eating my uh alright children
ciao I wish your wheel tail go get out
of here are you rubbing you away from me
are you rubbing your butt and everything
yeah for the dog lovers in the house
there we go
I would just love to put this remedy
slaybeck got it Chris
truce that really gets you good wedgie
do the wedgie walk talk to me that way
was it here we got to do jump up and
down it doesn't shake out yes I do the
walk
it's where do our work Sam I'd know
wedgie right now gives me something the
boss
what kind of having a little argument is
this purple or blue
I say blue what color is this you're
colorblind what is this oh that's great
I agree green this is like a blue a
rusty orange blue blue green purple this
is purple no heinous magenta what the
fuck is a magenta
they'll find it selfie sticks
my god good both Allah how's the little
o is there's new puppy cookie dough with
you for you you go away with up and now
fill with a pop of trippy impression so
you're gonna come in and he's gonna see
the mustaches here you go
here Papa trippy oh wow he's like for me
oh wow
oh you got guys that's what he's gonna
do alright we're gonna see how goes that
is a pretty shirt looks pretty close
yeah there you go
you're starting to scare us Oh your nail
you nailed it you nail it it's a fun
story guys my dad shaved his moustache
one time in his life
but I we were little and you scared the
shit out of Melissa nice right no it's
like ow
I'm back
excuse me drive yet for a little bit
Charles you got to drive okay
I've shown this video I wanna see ally
and I can't figure out if this is real
afraid I do this
the goldfish that can play fetch that's
real
oh the fake it's real you feels real
yeah I think it's fake I can't figure it
out no mom I bet mom could have had her
goldfish do that really what do you
think Phil so I think it's real what'd
you find this the Internet the internet
like I said guys go check it out and see
if it's real or fake how do we know
everyone Internet family that I suggest
the other one to stepdad Phil Oh Charles
look at her face and feel so bad for
pineapple carrot broccoli oh did you
really open your eyes for broccoli I say
super sorry guys this is what I call
chemo brain like screw up when I'm
trying to say good night you guys
but seriously have a great night thank
you so much for watching today's video
happy Father's Day to all you amazing
father's out there so have a good night
doodles bye guys
Gertrude
I want some bling teeth no an hour to
get all
yes 35 cents on lengthy
regularly
no I said
News recording you're walking home I'll
go home nah
