good morning internet today we're going
to go say bye to the other house I do or
last swim huh okay let's go what were
you when I swim till we get a new pool
it's all good what about you you want to
go Marley you have to draw the furniture
language no we're going
diesel where are you hey all right guys
we're gonna do today like a final
goodbyes to the house up the alarm going
off how everything is completely empty
it's so weird it might not actually be
the final file we saw office I've some
stuff but I kind of wanted to come by
the day although swimming have to get
the refrigerator because the
manufacturer defect on it switching that
out and we figured you know what which
is maybe a couple hours it's like when I
first moved in to check out the bedroom
nothing's in there huh yeah what's not
the last time until we get another pool
I think we might need to like speed up
the process of the pool building I don't
know where your ball is Oh awesome Zoe I
didn't have a ball for you to swim she's
like swimming right now you can find one
go find one so I want to come down to
the house before we fully sell it and
get completely out of it just kind of to
say goodbye because this is my first
house I'm really really really looking
forward to making memories in the new
house starting a whole new chapter it's
exciting it's nerve-racking but it's
also very exciting there's the alligator
right there because if you think about
it this house is attached very very
crucial pivotal point like or memories
of my life whether they're good or bad
they happened in this house right here
and it's definitely bittersweet to say
goodbye to it it's time same time I'm
really really excited about making new
memories do core memories in the new
house in the new chapter holy shit my
hair yeah we'll make you as always step
don't worry real nice hey broseph get in
the pool a big old baby just think of
the pool as a giant lizard remember when
I put the CTFxC penis right up here on
the side of the wall or was it on that
side of the wall I can't remember you
guys remember the time when the mirror
came off the wall and I had to set it
aside so it wouldn't get broken and then
Zoe broke it anyway and the day got the
pinball machine which occupied this
beautiful section
I know as with anything saying goodbye
or so long or toodles i should say is
always an interesting bittersweet moment
not necessarily difficult because this
isn't difficult I'm really excited about
moving on but at the same time I'm going
to miss this house a lot of cool
memories happen his house a lot of bad
memories happen to this house but at the
same time memories nonetheless one thing
I did forget that there's no internet at
this house anymore so I had to bring a
hot spot i'll try to upload the vlog of
course Thunder right get outside get out
don't be the cool weather stun during I
think it might rain yep it's definitely
gonna rain bro I'm editing i'm uploading
the vlog can you like if you get upload
the vlog you can sit there but i don't
think you can I never actually noticed
this when it rains in my house and it
sprinkles over the air conditioning it
just floats you can tell they're all
staying next to me yeah it's scary don't
worry I will fight the Thunder I will
fight it the fuck was that anyway here's
a helpful rule of thumb packing guys if
you haven't use it in years or you can't
remember the last time you use it donate
it that's what I'm doing all these
cables I know somebody might need them
so that's why you donate them this is a
cool little boxes stumbleupon the first
vlogging camera outside flip of the
CTFxC still alive kind of at first
camera who remembers these guys oh my
god this actually might be one of the
first cameras of the CTX see keep
digging trails keep digging I remember
this guy holy crap you guys remember
this from Jamaica Zoey drawers from
Jamaica alright this makes me feel real
old this is for my mom from 2006 so when
I was turning 22
look at zoo in Kobe ah that's cute ever
got this is technically from Zoe
remember when you gave me that eight
years ago it's pretty impressive I
didn't know you can use a computer for
those of you guys play video games where
the controller's did not vibrate look at
this the rumble pack when Star Fox 64
came out and this was included
completely changed the game who
remembers when this came out I had to
take a break because today the chemos
getting out of my body so technically
the last day but I don't have to take
any tonight which is awesome but I just
kind of got overwhelmed a little bit so
I had to lay down and naturally my
little guard dog came over here and just
laid next to me she first was actually
kind of funny she got up here and then
she didn't know where she wanted to sit
and she got to curled around like you
know like dogs do this at her ass right
on my head a little fucker can you see
the other one Lily that one right here
too got my second wind and that's all
this little box this is pretty crazy
these are old skits back in the day when
things were in digital back in my day
videos weren't digital you had to put
them on tapes then it piled up like this
we got annoying as shit that's actually
kind of funny this is actually when Phil
paintballed me what else this is
actually from the spoiled bitch video on
the Charles Trippy channel it's crazy
good old an appropriate Batman Oh Batman
you're so inappropriate so I have a
surprise for you alright so this is
something I lost a long time ago I just
now found okay nice to meet you
because yours oh my god ok click the
open it now you know but under my desk
so apparently as me you lost it a long
time ago I apparently boiled alleys
overhead hat a long time ago and
apparently I kept saying she lost it but
i guess it was me found some old photos
you guys got to see this look at this
there's Zoe and I got to show you Kobe
and mo the original gangsters and
there's a suspense thriller touring ban
the first one ever this was warped or
2002 you want to see your boyfriend's
old baseball card from 1994 you look
just like Melissa okay there's me 1994
how much is highway 68 I was 8 68 found
your age nine you would we have these
are my students are my stats I have
stats and everything so there's my base
I signed it so this is right there
Oakland Mickey Mantle and look at dirty
Zoe muddy muddy Zelly doing yard work
sure I'm really impressed with you
trying to make an elephant if you need
anybody to come over and trim your
bushes make sure they call Charles nope
I'll do it beautiful honey you did a
marvelous job i give you a-a see for
effort there's no a in this one only
sees get back home ah day after chemo
always makes me so sleepy so our bed
frame comes tomorrow and we're testing
out where we should put the bed alright
move the TV no I can't see it I see a
giant wall please sucks balls man it
should have full motion babe full motion
remember yesterday when Ali asked what
desk we're gonna put here we have a
decision it's a mystery box right now
it's time for Zoe time-lapse mode Thank
You Zoe
my favorite thing is when she falls
asleep sitting up and we got this old
man over here let's sleep on a pig
there's a beautiful thing about building
ikea furniture if you screw up one
little tiny mistake everything comes off
I would saying what we should do next
time is by piece of furniture and not
look at the directions and just see if
we can do with ourselves right it's
midnight right now ha fun boom sometimes
in our I am just like a beautiful pop
singer army somewhere uh well find that
well I'm a rapper now what you gonna do
with all that would all that wood is
psycho room I'm gonna build build build
a thing bill no thing made out of wood
did it guys as far as the most trying
one by the way thank you guys for
helping us make the decision you guys
are smart smart people although okay
here's the thing guys this is gonna be
one of the last things we're gonna try
to show you guys until the completed
house so it's more of a surprise I think
it's more fun that way we got everything
on the ground here in my office you know
we got pretty much boxes everywhere over
here and just bunch just bunch of
everything you know what I mean just
trying to get from one house to the
other which by the way I just want to
take a little minute know that house
meant a lot to you guys I know it had
been a lot to me and I just want to say
thank you guys honestly from the bottom
my heart for all those wonderful moments
and sharing them with me so many
memories that I'll never forget mainly
because they're on the economy internet
and there's always going to be memories
in times that I actually shared with you
guys that have always always gotta hold
close to my heart and I just wanted to
say thank you one last time so have a
great night and we'll see you guys
tomorrow as always doodles by us
yard work
I want bling teeth north alex atala
change
yes 35 cents on link teeth
like the movie
no y'all think I said
news recording you're walking home I'll
go maman
