good morning it don't judge me I haven't
taken a shower in two days like I said
before all the judgments are thrown I
just forgot ok now you can judge me it's
just we've been so busy I just keep
forgetting and I get so tired at the end
of the day I just fall asleep it's gross
i know i feel like going basically i
feel like i'm on tour right now but we
got shit done that goes for something
and I gotta get some more shit done le
went to store to get some more furniture
maybe cover down here and stuff like
that again so procrastinating on the
shelving I'm so genuinely I'm afraid to
do the shelving you why I'll show you
guys why I'm afraid to do shelving
that's one reason this is the other
reason just remember that dad much
better now it'll look like a bit on tour
for like four months got rid of the
beard and everything will have showers
Marley get off the bed it's certain othr
day with Marley get off the bed I don't
know if you guys can sear she kind of
blends in back you're a band I have a
different partner crime this time we're
back at none other than ikea so right
now we're back like i said at ikea this
is kittens for some at ikea so i guess
Gary which started that came off really
disgusting but we seem to find a few
more things for the house it's
exhausting like I said Caitlyn is loving
this I think she's like mesmerized by
everything that they have she's trying
to find stuff for her home right Kate
look at this
she's she's amazed gosh yeah and they
much but we don't know if I want to do
match maybe they're not going to be
something that's a little bit more funky
or if we want to do something with a
blooper you want to do something with a
green that's where go on the strikes
she taught me all that was awesome band
skills that's why i got from nice and i
just found me Charles look they had us
in a cute little frame I love it so the
other day was always chasing ducks she
ripped her a little name tag off so I'm
trying to fix it right now just in case
a little twerp decides to run away
although she looks pretty damn happy
internet this is what you call happy dog
finding where your stuff is and then
trying to manage to get it into the cart
and now that it's just Kate and I might
be a little bit more difficult okay so
which one to do how we gots chair yes
thanks told you guys I told you that's
why I get my dance moves from we're
trying to pick out a dresser for
underneath the TV that we just set up
yesterday in the bedroom and char and I
a lot of kayln are all kind of set on
either a white or blue dress or blue
because it's funky white pieces not as
funky it's neutral I always like funky
so we're kind of leaning towards the
blue blue white blue light so guys what
do you think should we do the white
should we view the blue tell us in the
comments your opinion what helps out a
little bit we got both blinds up now
time for the game room / entertainment
room but everyone call this room I don't
know we're gonna call this do the blinds
for this one whoa would you think my
balls off we're sweating our balls off
guys
sweater balls up ikea was a success Gail
loved it was pretty fun car enthusiast
was just insane right now this is what
Troy said he's gonna do today what
teach me on the date where
I don't know I make Charles the handyman
lately you're impressed RJ you both are
impressed so I just discovered the
funniest thing right now when I came out
to see Charles look at this hey good can
you guys see where you missed shaving
it's gonna hit look it's like right
under the nose cigarette we good to this
site look at all that hair and I promise
you that's not coming from his there
that's right below his nose the things
you just don't know I vengeance on
purpose oh I'm sure you did honey so
what are you doing over here trying to
fix the blinds if you look at this am i
sir I got short know there's more work
yeah what are you doing Donna do you
come on bud oh and then there's this
dude come on those the bookie butt plugs
guys just check this out I did it on
purpose it's a new style it's called I
forgot look at it look at it look at it
I'm sorry I me I'll leave you alone hey
what look at me I love you the hell's
wrong video because literally your dog
until then crack hey hey sir
what's that look for I'll meet you at
the stop sign Allie's gone since we
pretty much been all cooped up the last
few days you know doing all the stuff
for the house I feel like it's time for
like a date night just kind of like Ali
and I just going out no phone calls no
internet courses phone calls coming
cookie cookie get out of the dirt
hanging with my little bitch finding the
lizards today nothing I hope you guys
can see this one right there laying
straight in the dirt a good day pain now
I gotta find Diesel's food and he's been
so picky I think I've told you guys
earlier that i had to buy him
differently so please business
like an ear infection and I guess is
allergies so right now I'm testing the
bunch of different dog foods out to see
which one's gonna work because I'm any
recommendations please tell me I know
that Melissa something for Tyson but
I've tried that for him and it doesn't
work either so like if you just lay on
your back and stare but like at the
ceiling and see if you can see like
little images they look like you know
the popcorn ceiling like our ceilings a
little bit different so I was like
sitting here with Zoe I just cooling off
by the way the floor I get it I totally
get why dogs land cement floor I went to
turn it around and I want you guys to
the comments to tell me what you see so
we have fun game do you see anything any
images I see a dude playing frisbee by
himself you guys see anything cool so
she was just waiting for me to get the
hell out of the way she's one of the
whole thing herself and he guesses where
Marlene might be alright get off the bed
date night
we kind of got a late start because of
all the you know the authority on the
house so we're going to do is we have a
little date night and I'm going to go
watch a movie I want to go see drastic
world but they only have late night
showings and I think okay
or 18 so I don't really want to like do
that in the movie theater but another
movie that Alan I really one sees that
inside out movie about pixar movie just
because anything over this American
awesome
topping the chemo pills that's like
yeah yard for it starting with put your
glasses on well I want some bling teeth
no words Ali she's got all the change I
never had any to each other Jeff 75
cents oh yeah awesome bling teeth it's
enough you like the movie I loved it it
was you know you don't see no sense are
you walking home anyway
near three-quarter you're walking home
I'll go home mr. Foyle we think you'll
see Jurassic Park because we're gonna go
see that next week because I have to go
home right now and unfortunately I have
to take the last dose of the chemo in 30
minutes because I didn't really want to
bring that into the feeders as you can
tell guys inside out I it was awesome
are you ready go to bed yeah you can't
open the door that way Kenya come on all
right internet well so today is the last
day the chemo regimen for this month and
surprisingly enough it was the easiest
one of my body I don't want never easy
but it's like for my body to accept by
the way we have a little special little
thing we're gonna do tomorrow so make
sure to subscribe and tune in tomorrow
all right bye guys doodles now I didn't
go this way more that we want
easily helping with the bag thanks
brother those were one who things well
fuck you betta I know they seem happy
there sir ma'am so the only one being
driven
get curtains gonna dress it we keep
pressing
I don't want to do the cds i feel very
ambitious since yesterday weekend Anita
Ali taking us healthy dinner right now
purple potatoes unheard of
