good morning Internet ally doesn't have
a broad and you have been helping
tremendously get off the bed this room
already looks different
your son of a bitch I turn around for
three second off they're three seconds
come on go three seconds you rack on the
bed
I know it's comfortable give us the damn
pay are you kidding me get off the bed
come on dude keeps laying on my clothes
to lease you're letting on the white
clothes or you need help over there do
you even need this because you're
freaking sasquatch like right now it's a
compliment very Amazon okay very Amazon
you're very eager like no ogres are
small okay hold on let's get shit done
today we are hanging blinds
we got the curtains up now we're gonna
work on the freakin dresser this is
going to be last this is just this is
just driving me crazy makes me feel like
I'm living out my suitcase like a tour
bus like times 50 going thunders not
coming for a while
alright guys cute building montage
at work we're now where'd you put
mustard oh well I think I'll he's the
only ones staring at me I don't know
other stuff how did I have that you were
screwing things in but I'm glad it was
on camera right now hey camera you
didn't realize that he just took it
twice cuz it was upside down halfway
there guys literally uh actually never
mind there's five doors what's the math
for that 0.333
they're almost done we'll just say
almost two-thirds is that somebody do
the math ally do the honors that's what
she said I got the key
I have the key - hard - all right let's
lock it I feel like that's what happens
to any furniture building did you do it
all the way
pools worst walk ever we figured out
what we're gonna put in this awkward
section of the house so the thing is we
got a occupied diesel because he is so
Marley get off the freaking bed let's
get off my clothes so remember I was
saying that they sent back this camera
completely broken
we're not fixed so right now I'm trying
to having to switch it out because I
can't go back to this pro fast one
let's came over and we did the podcast
and then chari now had to take the
camera from yesterday back to Best Buy
because it wasn't fixed I know he's
going to go into a little dilemma there
right now I just went to Trader Joe's
got some thin headed back to the house
and then we got to continue building our
I don't we're building time I don't even
experience Franklin this what's wrong
it's not focusing
it sounds muffled just kind of thought
God and we have a fixed camera I'm gonna
go look for lizards did the easiest
start to take care of you just put you
outside and you go hangout for lizards
he's already hangs out with the lizards
things the door open a little bit to
open it when he wants well and I'm gonna
start building this drawer dresser
drawer the thing is we were going to put
it on for the TV but the problem now
arises that the TV is too big for it
that's how wide it is so we're gonna put
it over there and I got one of those
wall mounts since the guy already
mounted it right here it just seems like
the smart thing to do and it's so we
don't screw up I got a stud finder this
time and apparently Charlie went
shopping I still haven't kind of stud so
kidding kidding kidding why do you have
three different TV mounts know three
different that is it okay okay so this
is a scant a little shelf that goes
underneath the TV so you're gonna have
to think gotcha
then you have this that covers all the
nasty wires and you can paint it yeah I
asked you upside down but then it goes
why would you want to do that like dead
serious you didn't get the job so I got
stuck behind her even though it's very
easy to find the stud like this oh where
could this wall could it be here could
it be here I don't know there it is
now I need to go this way more that
won't screw up anything or I won't screw
up anything diesel you helping with the
bags thanks brother
those were once clean clothes go by your
bed in come on I know they smell like
your dad
come on sir ma'am so he's the only one
being good right now yes sir
they're curtains and a dresser we keep
we keep procrastinating on the shelving
though I kind of want to do the TV I'm
feeling good I'm feeling very ambitious
right now since yesterday we kind of
treated our stuff - Pizza Ally's making
us healthy dinner right now purple
potatoes unheard of it's cray-cray how
they good raw an unbelievable dinner by
Ali chef Ali
all right guys to be the big challenge
right now is getting a TV on the wall
without pulling a the house down or B
the TV off the wall Marley get off the
bed got a freaking recurring thing all
day what howdy neighbor
howdy neighbor from here that looks
freaking epic that tub in the wall yeah
looks super epic right now this looks
pretty gnarly that tacular you look very
uncomfortable all right get all the
super baths I want to put a TV on the
wall we're gonna get this TV up we're
get the TV up we're gonna get the
curtains up we're gonna get the dresser
up we're gonna be very productive today
looking for studs
holy shit we did it okay that's so crazy
because that was a guess that it was
right there
I thought it seemed like that all these
just he's getting all these guys never
know hunting okay
yes coming all the way I'm going to
fight this way why does that want you to
go to the right that's the other stud
there's a nebula over there yeah we
can't do that sir we can't do that what
are you doing
just like an act are you serious I just
want to know it was all hanging out with
us we're finding is shutting the wall we
got a little worried because we weren't
sure if it was going to be electrical or
no if I says I don't know I'm just a
little bit worried you know especially
when it comes don't let that be any
indication what's gonna happen next
exactly oh yeah by the way guys let me
just show you everything that he's done
just to prove a point
oh look there's a stud that one's for
sure
and that one for sure good I'm trying to
get to focus but there's this guy can
you see me anyways he's marked up the
entire wall which whatever I don't
really care I just think it's kind of
funny he's like I'm just gonna go like
this this is kind of our little messy
area right now let's do this have an
idea what's your idea let's hold the TV
Oh
right like that yeah okay you're reading
directions
Roxanne okay I'll help it your Oh God
please I'll help you look at that
progress art in it so I feel like we did
a pretty successful day got the TV up
here the dresser built we got the
curtains up yeah Zooey Marley sleep in I
won't bother you
oh yeah dig a nap all over my clothes
yes no big deal anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video don't forget to
subscribe you as a brand new and I will
see you guys tomorrow as always every
night
and
v√°manos
pick up many pool and Alma often here
Oh
