good morning Internet so today we are
getting a pool since we can't get one
right now we might as well get a
temporary one yo you're only clean no
big deal
we're gonna go all the way home pick up
one D and we're gonna work on this house
neverending story making sure she's okay
say give all your teeth that was pretty
impressive there more so I just got back
from her dance department girls where's
Ally where is she
no that's not I don't see it right there
you'd be able dummy you're dumb she
sneaked back to bed oh she's back to fit
comfy as you guys know we got this Lisa
bed probably I guess like three weeks
ago when we first moved in it's still on
the ground unfortunately because our bed
frame has I come is gonna sound cheesy
but I have to say this is far one of the
most comfortable mattresses that I've
actually ever laid on on top of the fact
it's easiest to get I don't think we've
ever actually had whoa sorry
something that's come to us so quickly I
I don't know it's so comfortable as you
guys saw last time it came all rolled up
if you guys didn't know this is a Lisa
calm bed to go to Lisa Comstock CTFxC I
know sponsor this is something that I
like told everybody about and the cool
thing is this is getting one too if you
go to Lisa deck comps s le es a COMSAT
CTFxC they give you guys $75 off no it
is I think so many people take for
granted the fact of having you know a
nice comfortable bed and they're doing
something so awesome and think about it
you're kind of doing something really
awesome too by purchasing the bed you
are allowing the opportunity for someone
who doesn't have a nice comfortable bed
to sleep on that you're putting your
body on a bed and you're putting another
body on the bed I can't wait till we
actually get off the floor because we've
been so excited about it we've been
sleeping on the floor randomly thank you
for liking embed zoe blow to talk about
this later I don't know if I mentioned
this earlier you get a hundred day trial
so get it if you don't like it you get a
full refund
I just I think it's so comfortable and I
just the cause behind it to with them
giving away about it is something so
awesome because you don't see that
nowadays we're gonna have to ask Lisa do
you guys make dog beds please knees like
how about it just like a mini bed a
little mini Lisa bed so we can put it on
the floor is my bed
I am so comfy and they don't meet all of
my spot I just you take it out cuz
playing well just hurry here can you
feel that yeah it's I can feel
everything now I could him for a really
long time no but like my mouth from like
up until like maybe half hour ago it was
numb from here thank you
I like are you drooling well I was
talking I filmed in the car a little bit
don't really know what's going on with
my tongue right now I'm it's like
rolling around in my mouth it's
literally like rolling around in my
mouth I don't really feel like I sound
completely normal and I'm numb literally
from here should I hear ah I can't even
feel it you could tell there is like a
problem yeah ah ah no don't do that
that's gross ah
and we retire this one guys how pretty
do I look it's like a clean pair of
underwear when you know it's like a
clean pair of socks when you get a new
camera like everything's just clean just
fresh just looks good
there's no gunk everywhere this is gonna
go scoop Harrison
there's no gunk in your underwear clean
up gunk in your anywhere
guys as always how long until this
camera gets destroyed
Oh camera God sees all the camera gods
in the world please let this last for
like three two months so how I had this
great idea so we're going to the store
and we're buying a pool kiddie pool
still pool so we don't know where to get
like kiddie pools so we figured this
would be the best place the kid place
right which one do we want I think get
that big one right there
this one's got a slide you know I'd be
going down that can we get a slip and
slide just to have one um I'm not gonna
say no to that feel like this is like
the name you can do to a child just
stick him in a cage that's way taller
than them and make them jump all day
look at how happy she is she's secretly
crying just can't see cuz it's shielded
by the screen Casa can be I can breathe
look at my kid that's a--that's a real
champion
trampoline it's a trouper real one this
is a real that's a trampoline right
there no office I guarantee that's what
we're looking for feet long I wouldn't
be able to go down that halfway I think
that's it the original backyard website
that's it nothing you can fill a hundred
balloons in 60 seconds or you have these
self-sealing blooms kids just have a way
to 15 easy that is back in my day you
spend two hours to make two water
balloons and then they sometimes pop in
front of you
every time I take it home
it barely fits you all right so you're
gonna hear some point all right so I was
in line the guys looked at my shirt he
goes internet killed TV that's pretty
cool
and then he goes what's the the black
thing and I just pointed to my head and
he goes oh it's you
it's finally here the new pool alley got
the tropical pool so tropical
I like all the dogs the reason why we
got this was for them and the only
person using this is you now come on go
check that out
you get in Blue Lagoon now we need some
steel drums
okay sit down you got it well we want
steel drums no hold on
magic of editing steel drums most magic
of editing them la garita like this you
gotta Marley you can do it come on in
Marc come on there's room for all this
yeah lounging in the pool Joey loves it
Florida pool life ballin on a budget
cool eh I love you wear the floaties
still we ballin on a budget a pool is
kind of small but that doesn't mean we
can't have fun at all hanging out dad
with my new homies I wish I had some
more wrapped too Restless to make sense
on what I'm chilling with my homies
we're landing in the pool I bet you
really think that I'm starting to look
like a cool but when you're ballin on a
budget sorta life is here check out my
new pool and all my awesome gear lounges
in my pool I'm ballin on the budget damn
I don't work either gonna overflow uh-oh
and you stop rapping I'm rapping I don't
know just go coughing
well there goes there goes our cool okay
I'll get tore up from the floor up from
all these mosquitos stupid little
assholes I'm gonna eat Cheetos see you
guys you can have fun with just like a
$10 pole come watch me in my floaties
first time it's updates you see a rap I
an idea see you can do last babe how do
you swim in a kiddie pool that's like
five and six
I can't imagine right now one means that
are being made to how much people are
probably making fun of me you are going
for a rap nomination what is the song
that you just wrote that nomination for
hanging the mud floaties it's called
hanging my floaties by Ally Wes we're in
have a pool party this invite all our
friends thangka guys I finally got her
pool installed come on call me look cool
months she's back in there with you yeah
look over your left shoulder
like fool I'm just outside of reach look
at her she knows run Molly run I don't
think I don't think any of the dogs
except is over you're happy right now
you guys want to see our awesome family
photo queue photo montage I don't think
I've ever been a really good way to W
apply this probably why they do it
warranty they asked me if I wanted a
warranty on this thing I paid 12 bucks
for this thing
a warranty fight I don't know how much a
warranty ler God we're trying to protect
the new carpets Oh Italy all these dumb
because I know this one right here sir
when you doing huh loves to roll around
whenever he's like getting dry I was
just trying to check out the camera to
make sure that everything is working
well and we have bad news
touch screen doesn't work Canon you
didn't fix it you didn't fix it I've got
some bad news camera doesn't work okay
no the touchscreen doesn't work you
broke the king you broke the camera I
didn't break the camera I just wasn't
fixed
the touchscreen doesn't work a king I'm
not kidding we're gonna go back I know
so I was right I was right it wasn't
gonna last two months in my lab three
hours hmm
so bye guys be honest how many people
just yawned right there I just want to
say thank you so much for the well
wishes every time I'm on this chemo
stuff you guys are so supportive it's so
loving like right now when I feel any
kind of crappy I open up Twitter or the
YouTube videos and read all the comments
and you guys are so awesome so
supportive thank you so so much we have
a temporary pool and Zoey seems to love
it a lot
everyone else does not don't forget to
subscribe you guys are brand-new and
sorry my brain is like over here when it
needs to be focusing here I apologize
for the sin yeah don't forget to
subscribe if you guys are brand new and
we will see you guys tomorrow as always
have a great night toodles
kamalii
I know you can't see now and smell now I
