good morning Internet we are at the
airport but this time a little different
so yeah I go telling you guys yesterday
the guys have to go overseas so cute and
nerdy right now anyway so the guys are
going overseas right now unfortunately
you get and unfortunately because I have
to start chemo today they don't want me
going overseas and being on that for
obvious reasons so I'm doing that so I'm
going to try to pull my own weight and
meet Danny at the airport so what he
doesn't have to like blog everything
from his house really actually kind of
bummed because I really really wanted to
go but kind of like thought about it a
little bit more and I know how like
chemo makes me feel normally and and I
didn't want to do over there just from
the off chance of something happens I
know nothing no I'm happy here my doctor
or anything like that so I'm missing
this one which I know is an awesome
opportunity I'm bummed
Starbucks is straight up there I guess
give me the keys I'll Drive
one of these days guys I'll be overdrive
again my favorite thing is vlogging in
the airport everyone thinks I look crazy
he heard I'm in my spiffy CTFxC tank top
right now because it's so damn hot
it's kind of crazy what the last was 50
some degrees and I'm not even kidding
it's 94 degrees straight house beautiful
sight I have the mud rub part the next
day anyway so as you can see we're still
trying to get thing up the other nice
very slow process but once it's done I
get to show you guys everything it's
going to be amazing
ma'am could you please get off the
furniture something like that for the
bathroom did you tell him we need one of
these now you tell him just kidding it
but we're testing our relationship again
going to Ikea for the third time third
time we're going to Ikea try to find
things to test their relation she do it
okay okay will you grow up for a second
that's not a fart you're about to blame
something high 3 in front of me because
I had the fire see I'm a gentleman
gentleman always push the girl in front
hey long roads see if you fit under
there
that was a tough one tried to bait it
there's a basketball babe an idea you
know there's smart IKEA smart cookies
all attached except that one
how do you miss that
three two one and
I get it and I encompass I should tell
this what all we get from a medicine
could we get this there's that funny
that's freaking hilarious and this looks
like a giant iPhone hello this is funny
I like this is hilarious because where
everyone loses their game nine it's in
the warehouse section through this whole
paperwork and let's find everything what
can they just adopt the Dewey Decimal
System is for those I have no idea what
we're getting ourselves into
that's 22 and we just have somebody come
and do this heats and beer to anyone
wants to do this cuz that we go guys
this is try it
turn left onto East Euclid Avenue then
turn left onto North Tampa Street turn
left onto East lattice Street then turn
left onto North Tampa Street turn left
onto East Ward Avenue then turn left
onto North Tampa Street Avenue North
Tampa Street Street North Tampa Street
turn left onto East Plymouth streets
then turn left onto north down the
street run around get your energy out a
storm is a brewing that what you want in
you come on he's gonna storm just
lightning and storm you go inside you
run around it's running around in
circles run Joey run Thunder run don't
run this way around the house you
goofball Oh Kobe must have been here
Kobe law
is even in the Nutmeg get up we have
things we have to do the work must one
let me show you what I did
so this is what I just completed in our
bathroom
I feel pretty proud of myself I feel
pretty proud of myself I'm doing work
now he can't give me crap for not doing
work but like I said sleeping sleeping
in a dog bed of all places so guys we
are trying to declutter the clutter
build our desk right we did half of them
right there and I walk in yeah
I just started okay you know why it
started them yesterday and then you know
I don't know I was a little tired and
jet-lagged and I didn't actually get a
nap from when we came back from Alaska I
had to get back to reality
and now unfortunately I'm sorry I
started but I did not complete but look
I did complete something in the other
bathroom while he was sleeping in a dog
bed just a few moments ago I have to
punch you right in your nose there
anymore a big old head and it's hard to
miss you want to see something really
fin
Wow so guys we got some bad news
this little one right here found
something wouldn't you find I know
because the eyeballs visiting yes in the
nose oh no Marley this about you what
was it those two of them was another one
ears bill I have two sets she's always
in - Marley's we're currently I can only
find one Marley there - Zoey's Joey and
we're gonna find anything probably in
this house until we get everything all
fixed up huh I feel by another barley Oh
knowing what you can do you gone you
wanna eat our death you can't do that
you can do it knock knock Monica's not
allowed to eat it you look like a little
rat to little pests
you can't go and out your Lewis bag the
dog stinker you stink
you got three in there piece please
thank you all right okay keep it real
bad
so wait Zoe would you put Molly Molly
Zoe
brother so we did Jade all of my ideas
ice notes she can't sing out and smell
now how would you feel how would you
feel took like shorts trying to escape
you did it
and here goes guys the final touch and
it's done there might be some missing
pieces but it's still a desk I deserve a
break
guys look at this success now just gotta
work on every other thing and keep these
away from Zoe from now on nope
as my lemonade and those are my Zoe
mother toys do you want to eat Marlee
just attack her just go attack her the
other day sergeant bilko came on the TV
and I've been craving to watch it again
if you've never seen sergeant bilko dan
Aykroyd Steve Martin Phil Hartman
classic movie
oh poor bolts unfortunately today is the
day after we start chemo like for this
week or this month that's the main
reason why I couldn't go overseas with
the guys which sucks I'm really actually
really kind of pissed off that I
couldn't go because of it but you know
can't really argue it you know so I want
to take this and I'm going to fall
asleep because I always do but I take
this stuff that I want to mess with me
hope you guys enjoy today's video don't
forget to subscribe you guys are brand
new hey hey hey yeah that's I promise I
want to be a new thing that's the last
time I ever do that and let's just power
through this with no problems and get it
over with and I will see you guys
tomorrow always
bye guys it's not fitting time no it's
like it's like the crazy fast
like what the hell I'm not a cat
before Pennington
nor the unit
no kidding no it did kill him
I think she hates it
don't cry
krazee-eyez
maybe feeling of my whiskey entire day
I'm going to try to put some windows up
Teddy's
