Alley is the cutest flyer in the world
just what you got when she gets off
she's just like
so like the cutest flyer in the world
one more plan always one we're playing
hilariously enough how they got on the
plane train a little tram train things
gate and gate before I could and that
door literally slammed in front of me
they couldn't get on I don't know how
many stickers this team needs it says
fragile but apparently you don't have
enough come on miss you what's the other
one I know did you miss me my good did I
missed you too
sonar up that's a big sonar there Zoe
you too Zoe I wish I had you on the boat
we could have found some more whales
you wanna go bet okay I'll meet you up
there
as you just saw I just woke up for my
much-needed nap
and now doing the fun parts paying bills
besting the wake up to ally made a nice
little lunch hey little dudes hey dudes
enjoying the Sun Pig dudes you enjoying
the shade Marley is working on our
self-control I used to work at buzzy I
used to work there
fun fact I don't know if you guys knew
this I was a projectionists over there
previous field trip maybe I was
hurricane cuddle you were in there and I
left
so he's having a ball right now no we're
kind of just like laying low right now
a because he's Austin B because we
missed the girls
it's these Austrian out and we also want
to start working on the house a little
bit more the guys are actually going
overseas this week they're playing a
couple of air force bases tomorrow and a
couple weeks and unfortunately I
couldn't go because this week I have to
actually start chemo and they didn't
want me flying overseas to like Africa
in the Middle East on chemo really kind
of freaking sucks but got to do what I
got to do
Zoey bombs every day so he comes out
here and Matt's down the grass and
precisely the same place he's gonna be
her little spot eventually without
wasting time so you know our bathroom
right now we have the door
we have no sugar and we have no shower
door and we have no technically bathroom
door
we're tired like come up with an idea if
we want to put sugar doors and shower
doors or full outdoor I think Ali was
saying that if we don't put a door in
the bathroom and just do separate like
actual doors and it'll make the whole
room seem bigger which I think it's
actually gonna be correct I still think
this is like the coolest freakin door
ever
I would totally replace our door with us
instantly if they had it they don't have
it in stock make it unique door I know
it's like an outdoor door so you see
everyone pooping well gives you that
availability of having the openness take
Jeff Goldblum fly right there
in their body
let's just feel the fur you all it's so
weird looking it's incredibly weird I
would get destroyed in three seconds
you're stuck in the carpet what's the
magic word I'm pretty stoked for tonight
it is
I got a real really pretty
what I was gonna say is that the sun's
gonna go down
I'm never seen no one met into Russia I
get knocked down I get up again you're
never gonna keep me down I get knocked
down you'll get up again you never do
what movie are they referencing that
he's getting frantic on the Internet
what Harrison Ford movie is it the
hurting part I mean I mean this bad
Paulie Banana Boat the Sun is
disappearing
it's not Christmas tan look it's like no
it's like it's like the crazy cat lady
she's like what the hell I'm not a cat
she's so pretty
like he's very jealous don't do it kitty
kitty kitty killer kid I think she hates
being small like I hate it she's don't
crazy she's got crazy eyes crazy eyes
it's like a worm gear oh no make me feel
like I'm not wasting the entire day I'm
going to try to put some windows up get
you some productive hey do you know is
anything back you know what you don't
know anything I'll back
there's no Sun at 7:00 p.m. and there is
no assignment Oh darkness I've never
been so excited to see you what you're
going to get eaten by the monster I
can't wait I got diesel here picture
right back to work
sweet we have a broken braking bit last
four days
I know darkness yes so Allie and I are
gonna enjoy and the fact that we're back
home we're gonna hand with the yellow
kitty cats and watch a movie and just
kind of relax hope you guys enjoyed our
freaking adventure in Alaska and we will
see you guys from always have a great
night toodles Marley Zooey say good
night
good job here's some watermelon you're
under there the whole time
say good night to the Internet
here's your watermelons are you
got even faster swag I feel like
water
