good morning Internet time to play at a
festival we got Koli we got Ben you got
JJ over there hundos are already in the
back we just got here some Kincaid Park
Holly and Jenny are coming a little
later Pro Plan look at a giant mudslide
pretty awesome my friends but
unfortunately I don't think that's gonna
happen it which sucks which means we got
to come back to Alaska
right giant slip-n-slide
oh yeah exactly sure if I'm supposed to
do this
don't pander tell use the pandering that
sucked okay I tried I would have been
upset if I didn't try does this go all
the way to the end now I'm done because
I have to get my plane go saying earlier
although I'm a little dirty oh it's okay
that's character right all right now I
gotta go and do some work and soundcheck
I am on packing duty which kind of all
over the place right now with it gonna
head over and maybe catch the end of
soundcheck I'm not sure the boys over
there right now doing that which is cool
if we were not flying home tonight I
would probably be doing this
I'm gonna need help somebody needs a
push
it was a good idea every time same place
don't wait to do this I'm gonna get you
out and put a little bit of water on
here
still first flag like not even past
first flag I feel like this water just
take a rest so the guy who did the slide
wants me to test it so I'm right now
trying to find the hose you turn it on
yep all right I'll go test it so I 100%
was not supposed to be doing that any
other show I'd be kind of like I'll get
new clothes but the fact this is a mud
run you know what I'm joining the team
join the team with everybody there's a
baby teddy bear what's the see let me go
forward a little go up a little bit more
it's a pig the mama bears some we're
ready hi bear oh oh oh God he's coming
up to the car
Danny get out hi blood that's amazing a
bear Alaska saw whale a puffin and a
bear come on moose get back to the hotel
because we just finished soundcheck I
got to pick Ally up probably gonna
change how funny is that we went six
miles
hiking anything I don't think we've seen
a bird and of course we're driving back
we see a freaking bear I thought a bear
I went down to my side have you tested
sanity clubs all over my place it'll be
really nice if you found like those
goals melting places we saw a bunch of
gold work so at this moment in time we
are not gonna make it to our own show
we're stuck in traffic and we're trying
to please there's so many of you in the
last draft oh we can do that no we just
hit around them securities for like hey
hey you too many people asking questions
hi Poochie
do you want this ball that was going on
here I do you want the ball
Oh another one one two three good catch
okay I can't play the show guys I got a
new job
one two three internet I have a real
serious question so I know these things
are called Danny Lyons right here when
you blow on them but my next question is
are these the same flowers but just
blooming that's what I was talking about
all right well it is my honor to
introduce this next band they have won
every award known to man Grammys Emmys
Nobel Peace Prize we totally say we want
to ever award the Kentucky Derby I was
told to say no these are great great
guys man they're about to kill the stage
right now all the way from Florida hmm
thank you thank you got lots of to
Tipitina's over here
all right everybody
George you ready watch skis going on
next what's going on good
beautiful ball I bought this at played
against boards 4 days ago we started
camping we have a ball up sir yeah there
you go
but champ Pro there we go getting
millions from champ probably one of the
best big ribs on all footballs it's you
in your size they you know good for
anyone with Mauricio I feel like you're
really doing really well I'm trying to
prove myself as the Macho Man I never
was in high school literally the next
cut after Watsky was saying that they
got the football granted he gave it to
them the boys are playing football
well
so we're all doing this we greet and
listening to it's a booth cow same road
as the bear by moose cow officially
we've seen every animal that we wanted
to see while in Alaska now on our way to
the airport that is actually gonna funny
time to check the guitarist's and time
to go home things still heavy I don't
think they can even throw if they want
it to and time to go home
looks like Ali didn't cause any troubles
this time their damn necklace again Oh
Ali
causing the problems again don't move
I lost her
I'm actually very proud of you Ellie's
not have coffee the entire time she's
had hot chocolate and key but no coffee
I'm very proud of you actually that's
going out the door a second we get home
hey watch out there's a moose on the
loose
what's moose say oh no what are they
fighting what's the whale say as a well
top have the top cut off a little
okay they're slower random goose how
does a moose talk I don't know I think
they just go 43 that's your 43g
yeah mm I like it yeah yeah for JJ going
home
Ali burger camera
I did not drop the camera again get in
fight
anyway guys we're going home so I have
to end the video because by the time
this video gets online I actually don't
know what time it is there's like a 45
hour that's different
so hope you guys enjoy today's video I
hope you guys enjoyed our little ship to
Alaska and we won't be coming back I
promise because Ben ain't gonna do
everything we wanted to do don't forget
to subscribe to get the brand-new and we
will see you guys when you back at home
talking it for us
right right the continent of the United
States
alright everyone I guess straight ahead
so cool
safety secure
Oh
well
mr. chill voice
