good morning guys MRI day always the
best time every three months and I
they'll be in the phone it was like 49
degrees this morning what led to the
hotel
I did at 7:00 a.m. I feel like I haven't
really talked much about No Shave
November this month I don't I did very
much fun I don't know anyone else doing
no-shave November I feel like this isn't
the most burliest
and Lamar I don't know why it's weird I
mean I should go back and look at
previous no shade of november's Florida
is like tricking us like I said it was
like super like 49 50 degrees when I
like the dogs out and now it's like
getting up to 65 already in a sweater
yeah just that drive but a sweater is
definitely not the right choice what
give me any context so when I was in the
MRI Allie got this pinched nerve out of
nowhere right basically debilitating her
right now so she can barely move so I
got to go to the MRI so I'm gonna make
I'm making her go home
so that way cuz she's not gonna be able
to sit in an office and stuff like that
so she's into the home and rest and I'm
gonna go get my brain checked actually I
just had it checked in the MRI that
sucks I hate them RI I was saying like
as many times I've done MRI I still
don't like it it still bothers me okay
go slow okay
who's the slowest I've ever driven as
many times I've done an MRI I think the
more times I end up doing it the more
like claustrophobic I get even though I
know every beat like or like noise is
gonna make every single time it was
funny like I was like did you switch it
up and lady actually said yes I knew it
that well but I knew when it was
actually going to change the pink dog
and the lamb are gonna take care of you
and I'll be right back I love you too
deep you a little pink toy it's a cat
toy dude he's like I know all right
be good don't jump on her nobody jumps
looking at you Liam it sucks I've
honestly never seen Halle and so much
pain before there's no way I was gonna
make her sit in that office for god
knows how long
there's no way so I'm gonna go do that
and it's gonna be good news so I'm
pretty stoked on that this is me being
optimistic and positive usually I get
like this point I get freaked out and I
get so many things go through my brain
but not gonna do it this time we're
gonna be good this is always the worst
part taking this thing off I don't know
if you guys to see
it's kind of like tape but it's not
really it's it's I'm gonna call it tape
but it's not really it just sticks if
you have hairy arms
Oh see that's what I'm talking about
it's like a band-aid he's got to rip it
ain't why they did that I'm bleeding
everything oh that was fun
that guy right there is playing with a
racquetball and I'm listening to the
band racquetball versus racquetball in
Philly racquetball so that way they
don't think I'm stupid camping over here
ready to see the wrecking ball no no
laughs all right all right now I had to
keep going forward
they also saw me doing this I always
forget why - really they want me to
I obviously graduate USF I told you guys
that before so it's really weird for me
to come back still just this whole
situation should be back on campus like
this
it's kind of weird new dad isn't it
oh yeah like I said like when I was in
college here I never thought unfortunate
situation to where I would have to keep
coming to campus but that's where that
that's that's how they keep me alive
this my idea nope you'd think by now
the thing is like Ali knows all this
stuff I just kind of like go with what's
going on nope that's not it either last
one and then maybe it's on the first
floor are you saying remember then
sure enough first floor
ever tell you my memory sucks what's
always funny about these doctor offices
is that they always have the
house-flipping shows every single time
see every time every office it's kinda
funny what do we have today this is a
new one this is part of we're always
nervous been finished actually well if I
am being completely and utterly honest
this is kind of like the most
embarrassing day of my life I was
actually in the doctor's office with
Charles please disregard my face I've
been really hurting all day but I was in
the doctor's office waiting for Charles
to get on this MRI and I've had this
happen before and I don't know if you
guys have ever kind of experienced like
a pinched nerve but let me tell you what
it is like the most excruciating pain
you can ever imagine like you you turn a
certain way and it hurts our you move
your arm a certain way or you do
something the slightest move and it's
debilitating and that's kind of where
I'm at right now if diesel and my
ailments and I'm not I've really been
moving too much but it really sucks
because I hate missing any of Charles's
MRIs and it was to the point where I
felt like an asshole but I had to have
him take me home because sorry those
aren't so bad I'll push it through it
and for those of you who have ever
experienced this you are tubers because
ease I'm not find it whatsoever
but what i'm unfortunately gonna have to
be doing most of today is just kind of
laying around and not doing much and i'm
so thankful for charles that he is kind
of taking care of me right now hopefully
i'm better by tomorrow cuz they're so so
go see Danny and valentina and right now
it's not looking that good for me so
keep your fingers crossed sorry for the
tears I'm just hurting a little bit but
I'll be okay
and plus this guy is really taking care
of me guess what good news my brain
still there so it's 2015 I'll show you
guys this when I get home but this is
October 2015 so two years ago
now no change it's a pretty much
identical
I shouldn't say pretty much it is
identical he couldn't see any difference
I'm looking at and I can't see any
different so that's a good positive
thing I still have a brain and still
healthy now I just hope Ali's feeling
was better I got to get a probably leave
or something that's what he said to get
actually doctors know best
were you guys protecting mom do you
protecting your mama you making sure the
bad pain goes away how you feeling my
big boy big boy oh Jesus today obviously
Ali's been handicapped so we kind of
have a little key day unfortunately I
had good news at least with my brain so
that's kind of fun they fun like I mean
it was honestly it's a relief every time
I go do these things like he's always
I've talked about it many times it's
genuinely terrifying with this you don't
know what's gonna have happening in past
three months
what's also but I know I've been healthy
Ali and I've been eating super well
obviously you've been exercising did you
do it today so I feel kind of stupid so
I know that's like the big thing but in
the meantime look look crap so much crap
on here I gotta go pick up medication
speaking of which of all that stuff I
just said and we haven't done a golf
cart ride in a long time have we we
haven't done that we always been riding
bikes wanna hop up
there's no I'm wearing a black sweater
is gonna be very interesting to see what
happens you guys ready to go do you
gotta move your big old butt you don't
how to drive sit down good boy thank you
all right no no where's the door opener
found it
ready well I heard that noise in a while
okay if you guys are good you might get
some treats he's got it super good
while he's already ready she's on
standby nobody acts Meowth Marla it's
just too short so you just can't
you're like an inch too short she can't
see above the thing slightly too short
them are you still got it rough
get it give me a break it's been a weird
day there like I said Marley knows how
to sniff it out and just play the cute
card there you go
do your first cuz you're being good
though your second and Marley your last
because you're spaz okay there you go I
want to enjoy it for a second I got one
more I'll get them later this is the one
I'm gonna use to make them listen
actually no Zoey you get it consider the
nicest one I play favorites
I know no it's just honestly she's the
only one actually behaving diesels
barking at everyone
Marley scooting around gonna fall off
the golf cart Zoey's just chillin we
need to get Zoey some cool guy glasses
she's moving Allie literally has a white
dome on my hair right now as always I've
always got pristine hair al he's got
cauliflower on her honey hurry now I
feel like such a but I think that what
the doctor said to give you okay you
know what I learned something I'm coming
mister demanding net net naproxen that's
what he actually told me to get and I
was like wait what is that
he's like a leaf apparently that's the
active ingredient in the leaf if he has
ever wanted to know would you like to
come in the house manual calories I got
go insane I don't know if you guys
noticed alley Danny myself and bad
Melissa if all been obsessed with
meeting each other they're doing this in
jeans reminds me of what you were doing
up another Snickers I'm sorry I can't
turn that much honey
okay move bring close where's that pizza
well guys I'm gonna go tend to my my
poor my poor poor wife I can't hit the
suck so bad I know I had a pinched nerve
anyone out there has ever had a pinched
nerve knows how it's literally you can I
know you can't great news on my brain I
still have it and everything looks good
so I actually did I show you that we
show you guys I didn't do that yet
though that is 2015 that is August 2017
and that is today as you can see it
looks identical to all three but you can
still see that hole that little airhead
little hole my brain thank God it
doesn't affect too much I mean you have
to have a sense of humor otherwise it'll
eat you alive so anyway we actually play
the way we have something really cool
that we're working on hopefully you guys
like it I know all this is coming at the
end of the video probably a lot of you
guys aren't even listening to if you're
listening to this I want you to tell me
in the comments banana I want you to
write banana in the comments that means
you watch this whole video have a good
night guys
and I will fill you in later so see you
guys bye
