good morning Alaska this is the one
we've heard to go to alright this is
like thumbnails for icy polar bear yep I
want to do this yep
penguins definitely hit here let's do
this do you guys get one day do whatever
you want and we'll plan the next day so
you guys get today come on Lady let's go
look for Alaska we have so many things
to try to find this is why we have them
in charge today they're actually looking
at maps Drive and I were just gonna
start driving hey I think we're get
somewhere our Alaska adventure begins
it's a Charlie Brown tree this is just
one new bunch of like stops what else
are we gonna be out here hopefully soon
but I just wanted to take it all in as
we drive all the way to Seward the third
one over there the most dangerous
highway in America
between your research there sir all
right remember guys we were doing that
road trip in Atlanta and we were just
driving around and we found the army
tank well we're just kind of doing the
same thing and look what we found this
time we're gonna find some gold plenty
of gold dollar
your ox died of dysentery yeah you know
get a big dog yeah we'll call the wolf
of Wall Street the sake of the last man
over there there's a bear and a moose
those you probably can yeah come on in
and get show your idiot made a friend
Daryl you're very well behaved - that's
a Kirlian bear dog what's her name
karelian bear dog no Aayla and she just
had eight jumpy's did she really
all right we'll leave you alone Ali is
in love with ducks now all right so
we're gonna go pan for gold where you're
dirtying cuz I'm not sure how we ready
in there I need to put some dirt in your
pan to start I wouldn't start with a lot
and let your pan a lot but I would say
that that's probably a little bit too
much of the less than that for panning
for gold guys and this will hold one
inch of gold if it should be bull this
is about $600 if they haven't got that
full we hope we do in the comments below
who's gonna get the most gold go lucky
yeah little baby duck is get a little
bit of water in the pan enough to cover
the material and then you're gonna want
to shake my materials kind of wet
already but everybody's gonna need to
shake and gold being 19 times heavier
than water this is all about ready
starting to go to the bottom okay
there's more and more as I'm panning I'm
still seeing more holes than fighting it
out material so if I get the muddy water
out
your thing alright job you were the only
one paying attention so would you do
this right you're getting Teleca looks
like it's Shane right so once you got
like this you just keep doing this and
then it syncs all the way to the to the
bottom ally struck gold
oh cool here it is Wow
are you buying dinner for everyone yeah
dinner some of you guys show me how big
your nugget is her gold won't even fit
in the actual tool you just got a new
car we're gonna give that swimming pool
any day now getting there traffic you
just to give up I refuse to believe that
there's no gold so far Ali's got the
biggest nugget and it might have the
most rubies rubies I'm saying around
next you see my Jenny and I are
just exploring right now all the boys
are finishing up sifting their gold this
is an old mine shaft
really there's no snakes here here's
Newton a senior is my kind of way his
Tigers those fighters and so that kind
of cuckoos and he's got the gold yet
Gold is gold I don't know I should tell
you nice
trav and I were just talking about how
like back in the day like if you were to
like find a big chunk of gold what's
keeping the other person next to you
from the shooting in the face and taking
the gold was it I wasn't recording
I heard you almost who wins we're gonna
have Dan say who won this one oh the
gold and the pretty jewels so I'd like
to take you all home with me how do you
feel about it how do you feel about it
you don't feel good about that does our
take we are authentic gold miners now
can you guys read my palms I don't know
if you guys can see it there's a
restaurant on top of that mountain
that's where we're gonna try to go and
that's where we were can you guys see
the rain ray over there okay go do you
have snow angel right there there's a
tiny
trying to get up on this hill and we're
all rooting for him because he's so
close there is he's so close go dude go
and he did it
look at the nice little beanie Ali
sporting right now you stick around and
make it for fuel stop moving stop moving
I don't know if you guys have ever seen
the energy of television beanies but yes
those are at CTFxC merch it comes it
comes with a personal Charles that holds
your head nice and warm at CTFxC mercy I
comm multiple colors blue radical red
bodacious black and groovy gray hey yes
that's a spider right there they just
fell down a tree no poisonous spiders
you have an appointment that's
definitely a spider well that's as scary
as a poisonous one oh my gosh you guys
should totally do dirty dancing right
now who's Patrick Swayze
okay dead yeah I think we're going the
right way
I can do for it we give it away no I
think it was before I say oh great
well I could do it for her to be one
with the earth their draft one one
well I'll he's freaking out because they
keep tricking her we have the good news
I would hit a tree I wouldn't follow the
whole way to trail are we looking for
Alaska third times in that joke but I
must say this is a really good decision
because we were gonna head back and I'm
really glad that we didn't I think
through me we just take a shortcut know
there's a serious shortcoming no trial
it has like a genius idea which is to
say a shortcut which is not smart at all
just like almost every idea that you
guys kind of feel like we should try we
walk two and a half miles just stay on
the beams just stay on the beams we
should be okay
here I've walked the plank this was
gonna break
swan-dive babe
so good right now Vegas cool breeze
right now we're waiting
break up
a little prick
don't want to do this ready get in there
I need to put you guys on a strap I
don't trust myself right now
that's gorgeous
she wants to pull guys here you pull all
the way fun we just found out we have to
walk two and half miles back oh now you
need my man pull that rope I've traveled
near and far now we got to go back and
Trevor and Jenny are all the way over
there waiting for us if you're afraid of
I got fired from my job
pull faster
it looks like they're close fight they
got aways
I don't let me get out of the way you
made it I know just like Travis said he
looks like a drunk girl leaving the club
let's choose his hand I found her I can
stick over there for Jenny so she's good
there's a butchery Tommy nowhere else
home oh my god I finally found a moose
is so I finally found some moose guys
it's almost 11 p.m. right now believe it
or not whether antlers shed them where's
that guy going they walk so pompous move
they know they're better than us hope
you enjoyed today's video
it was so much fun a lot of awesome
things I never thought I'd do and it's
not 1 a.m. right now I just want to show
you guys something really quick what am
that's son still up don't forget to
subscribe because tomorrow is Travis a
nice special day and we were to have
something really special planned and
you'll see tomorrow if you subscribe so
we will see you guys from always have a
great night ghouls I guess a big old
grizzly bear with no nose
the weird
Alley
I think it was the other way around
those guys right over there we're
selling bring your hot dog
how he decided to flee look of like
depression
