best way to start the day I smell some
deliciousness Ali went to go run some
errands she left me a little present of
french toast best way to start today you
son of a bitch
Kobe can we Kobe mr. bubbles careful
don't fall over
going over
and we'll flip over
my name is Chloe Brigid some donations
this is the best part about moving that
you can find some things that other
people might need
I want that they have any use for years
there's like literally things that I've
not used for years I know people like
for example rock band have not used this
for years I know people who love it so
much better than throwing things away
highly recommend it if you guys have
things that you're going to throw away
donate it first I feel like that's the
best thing to do actually crash if it's
a used banana or half-eaten Apple throw
it away also somebody might need it
please take this Ali Ali call Marley
call Marley okay
got special delivery missile delivery
thank you for doing that Marley way too
heavy for me I don't know if you guys
noticed this dirt track no we're not
building a freaking baseball field
well we notice that there the grass has
like a fungus and the people who put the
sod in came by and are replacing the
entire saw that's dead which is kind of
coax we were pretty bummed everything
else was really nice and then as Ursula
it looks like we're putting a little
warning track doesn't it so I'm super
excited because Alaskans have always
been I don't miss a like my number one
place with United States go to but it's
pretty high up there my family's been
helping out a lot of squadala
without that we probably we probably
just be like
roxrite now you know dead over here it
all died over here so they're fixing all
that everything else is good we will be
going to Alaska Anchorage Alaska to me
my first time ever in Alaska we are
going to be playing a show called
seriously Fun Fest and it's a Kincaid
Park in Anchorage
Travis Jenni ally and I are all flying
out early so we can just kind of enjoy
Alaska so if you guys have any cool
Alaska adventures let me know in the
comments I know the one thing that I
want to do and Allie wants to do is we
want to see freaking whales I hear
Alaska has a lot of whales this is like
my favorite spot toys come over I love
coming over the Skyway either way I'm
checking out the clouds cuz they're
incredible wasn't I cloud
that's incredible so Allie Bartel marlis
old gamer chair and you could tell she's
pissed off I think if you get a little
bit piece of food as payment no soul of
the way and she's not fat used to be no
because that's not healthy for her it's
always lost weight - I know it sounds
like you're saying we're getting there
and you guys are just like Oh show us
the damn house I think you guys wanting
those are old boxes but most those are
new
those are all brand new boxes oh yeah or
play hockey play hockey
marlee hockey time how is that still on
your head Zoey we got to find a box that
you can fit in we are recreating this
right now sit stay right there
no she doesn't have as much assets you
see what you little oh my god it's
adorable
Riley what Alaska with us is the only
way I can afford I can't afford a ticket
for you the only way you can come
well I guess we're not coming to Alaska
I'm sorry Marley that wasn't me this
time I went to me
it's Marley boo boo hey want some scary
honey boo boo go home you're drunk
you're drunk honey boo oh you're drunk
take a beer then let out drink your beer
stuff on in your beer that's how you
need them like what's going on there
aren't see I hate you all not gonna look
at you well come on it's not that bad
yeah I know
they are antlers
Molly it's not Valentine's Day
there's no Club here miss Kinney so do
you do Billy ready yeah we got to take
this off you now are you still so
beautiful may the port over Fathead
since such deep thought
what is life being so introspective what
have I become
would my mother be proud she's rule
that's you talk because she's sitting we
saw have been taking these tags off the
chairs
excuse me ma'am
Hey hello Lou sauce on this again once
how like a lot of kids don't know the
struggle so flipping through these damn
to ebooks when you want to listen to one
song the struggle and look at this
you're up the time the iPhone one case a
box and all the other iPhone cases and
then the Nexus One prototype box
yeah yeah
and
you guys run around do your thing I'm
gonna lay in here so jumpy Wow with the
fucking crazy tree it's like a tree from
like The Hobbit or something every day
around this time which is about like
7:00 p.m. right now I always hear the
chimes of an ice-cream man and I can
never find out where they are because
once I find this ice-cream man we are
gonna be hanging out we're gonna be best
friends
gotta get a choco taco you got to get a
ice-cream sandwich here I go the
classics what were the ones that were
like the red white and blue with a
firecracker or something like that I
can't remember the name I think my
favorite was always the Mickey Mouse
pops for some reason because they were
always slightly too expensive but once
you got one it was like the most
delicious thing in the world tell me the
comments below if you had an ice-cream
man well your favorite little ice-cream
treat was when they came by if you
didn't ever have an ice-cream man I'm
sorry I'm just gonna apologize now hey
you trying to escape till you have a
nice life thought your life is pretty
nice hey Marley the fuck you're dirty
now I'm gonna kick your ass
hey wait now you too are you kidding me
all right we gotta get some exercise
before I'm on a plane for like how many
hours to get to Alaska where she barley
all right so you can't poop in this
house literally you're if you poop in
this house we're gonna go check you out
this is all just sugar no alcohol girl a
lot of people like better than a
squirrel we have stairs we have it so
guys we're taking the necessary
precautions to make it as comfy and safe
as possible
um yeah if you can even do that okay you
know I don't want to have to go take you
to the hospital as you're holding camera
yeah I know that's but I'm committing to
it
oh we're I'm done
I think there's more scarier the
bump-bump-bump going down is this
pansy-ass ha ha
did you make it um we have stairs four
years
that's he'll be there forever we're
gonna get better at this I promise we're
gonna get a sled feel Kate we're going
to slide we in a sled I think your your
hurt yours and it you look great watch
it but it's not there did you it your
head no isolated what was i doing now
packing and let the record show that was
Ali's idea she was doing it first
Marley's not in phase where Zoey I keep
calling for Zoey I just want to show you
how easy she's being right now what you
know what come say hi you're super lazy
are you comfy oh yeah we're down so now
here comes Marley
okay well Internet it's time to go by
the way thanks for telling me about the
pimple had it the entire video we're
gonna pack right now as you can see how
to type in her her underwear we are
going to Alaska so we will see you guys
tomorrow as always don't forget to
subscribe maybe we will go see a whale I
don't know
I want to are or moose oh I heard this
moose earth it's week-long moose that's
the fun thing multiple moose are just
moose alright guys we will see you guys
tomorrow definitely don't forget to
subscribe next couple days are gonna be
freaking phenomenal CTFxC is going to
Alaska
bye guys doodles he's always been there
over here
and the car you got my dead
sleepy today
I'm literally walking private worth that
movie ever
I have no idea if Amanda
any of you guys know at the call please
tell me because it's the work best movie
in their pants
sorry they become actually salary
