big good morning Internet I didn't throw
you on the ground let the internet know
that you whaletail blue whale the girls
are so unimpressed right now
you almost hit the computer I'll do
right hand okay I got shake no this is
what happened so you guys you're gonna
shake and you're gonna do something to
restart everything shake here we're done
you're done Riley that's how we start
the morning so I just woke up and Ali's
outside sunbathing this before the storm
you can go outside
we gotta learn to lock this door this
mean protecting Zoe's from the potential
Thunder where protect you think I don't
want it watch out I hope there's no poop
my bar you said bathing with me you
goofball let's get here before the rain
come that's a cute little outfit you got
on there yeah little European man yeah I
mean that's so unattractive I don't know
I can't stop staring and then I just got
a whole new glimpse of Charles it was so
clean
it's all right over there we're gonna do
this guy's
second time in our relationship we're
going to Ikea I feel like that's the
thing everyone goes in IKEA all happy
optimistic ideas in their brain everyone
leaves it all frustrated one fight
everyone by the way this morning that
clip that's got to be the funniest thing
I've ever filmed in my entire life I was
so tired
weenie had been working all day and then
we had birthday I was like hilarious I
gotta find some sort of death so to sit
down and edit these vlogs thing is I
don't use a laptop so it's a little bit
different I don't need all of the
storage so a lot of times in public
there are several alley doppelgangers so
just dress like a li there was one girl
that was her hair up just like Ali and
almost wasn't wearing the exact same
thing I almost walked up to her like
this put my arm around her yeah I
realize last second it was an ally
you guys remember Travis his sister the
same thing so we're thinking over the
crazy couch in the entertainment room
the game room to put maybe like a bunk
bed I've always wanted freakin bunk beds
I need to put the chair couch under
there I want to get a couch just as a
badass color pattern I'm gonna get you a
damn
know how another cop
I don't know if I'm digging myself in a
hole right now giving Ali more sugar
we already know what happened yesterday
this morning Valley gets too much sugar
I always go by desk
don't that
nothing a little bit that kind of hit
like hope no one's hit the ground the
ground
I'm a truck every time we try to get out
of here we're taking these like secret
ways we keep ending up back where we
started
they're like they're like Vegas they
just know how to keep you able and Cal
he's trying to find stuff with the girls
she found a pig for Marley and moves for
Zoey and you got a rabbit and a fox you
know what I ever tell you that really
the teddy bear is named after Teddy
Roosevelt
you knew that did you know that Internet
an old US president I don't know why
that's all right we can only pick two
you're a bigger kid that mean to me act
like adults for a change
think of the Jamaican bobsled team
something yeah no no no you pull up push
it's called teamwork people I don't know
why I'm like that's right yeah
we made it guys wanna have fun just
wanna eat
we did it we didn't kill each other no
actually really fun look you guys we got
everything we needed Allie's pick cops
right now in red toss it seven
yeah yep there are approximately go one
mile over the speed limit I don't know
why I had to get where they need to get
in such a timely manner it is one of
them Icarus Marley Marley all right
we're gonna go for this first and then a
desk so time-lapse mode what
so we got this to kind of match the wood
of the entertainment system and then
Ali's gonna stain it a custom color cuz
she likes doing that fun stuff but
basically the idea is to keep Marley
from running off the couch but the thing
is now I think we just gave her a
platform what are you doing now all
right BAM guys little by little guys
we're getting there and I cannot wait to
do a full tour what are you doing it's
just so weird to me why I don't want
this story and outers we got taco Sunday
it's a thing now we're totally crushing
it right now with a furniture building I
cannot wait until we get to do a full
home tour with everything done that's
why we haven't done it right now is I
want to do everything at once over can't
leave in the ghetto alone come on it's
gonna rain we gotta hurry
chef Ally's at it again for Taco monday
tacos so what day is it Sunday hmm
that's where we're gonna we're gonna
open up a restaurant we're gonna do it
good its four legs Wow good job hon I
just lay this there enough to screw it
in there well I don't know it's called
reading directions like I just said yeah
you would ever read in IKEA directions
they know we gave to us well guys I feel
like we accomplished quite a bit today
tomorrow I believe the entertainment
system is coming in or the center so
that way these tie the room up a little
bit more I'm gonna get rid of all these
damn boxes hope you guys enjoy today's
video don't forget to subscribe as a
brand new and have a wonderful night
doodles well guys I feel like we have
accomplished quite a bit today tomorrow
I believe the entertainment system is
coming in or the center so that way we
tie the room up a little bit more I'm
gonna get rid of all these damn boxes
hope you guys enjoy today's video don't
forget to subscribe you guys are brand
new and have a wonderful night
on a friggin
joy truck when we met
