good morning guys so uh yeah good
morning to you here's the cool thing
about french toast it rises up to the
top so I'm hoping that french toast fuck
yeah
good morning guys looks like Marley got
a little doggie bunk beds going on huh
all right mark Zoey has to get one to
stay okay there you go
no well we're going to another doctor
but this time is not a human doctor is
the iPhone doctor because yesterday I
was an idiot I I know guys I have a case
and I have a screen protector and
everything but something always happens
potential dress come in here and the
thing is we can't figure how to tighten
it tighten it it's just you're not doing
the right way put my knee up like this
and yanking it and Mike's like literally
this little string around my waist was
like that looks sexy shitty that is not
becoming a bean by the way for this one
yeah I like this one the most most
bestest yeah I guess I should get hotel
that might come out
yo it's gonna rain you guys are screwed
alright fine
well screw it if you can hold it then
that fired me
is it raining which way is it coming
from no one uses sonar if Colby Marley's
killing my hair clothes to do her
quote-unquote ponytail she's not amused
do you like your ponytail before we get
this whole damn living room thing taken
care of we need that please put the TV
on so we're kind of running around
trying to find a TV stand because we
have to hide the wires gotta love the
Buddha of the Buddha that touch this
nipple okay so if you walk into a place
and a stool cost $400 no immediately no
I wanna go sit I've never seen the cab
to make sure hey we're in America you
don't were in America let's just take a
moment to appreciate this parking space
how big that is as big as your butt on
the perfect TV stand it's leaked from 19
I don't even know what year this was
cool it's gonna be so nice once
everything's done with his damn house
right now take all these little things
like right now I'm getting a door
stopper yeah door stoppers that's where
I am right now trying to find an aisle
16 and the door stopper all right so
they take the anti-seizure medicine
called Adam hands he was getting so
expensive
I'm not exaggerating it was costing
$2,100 a month just for seizure medicine
I was talking to my doctor and they got
the generic which is what I was on a
long time ago but we're a little worried
about it so that's why we switched to
the name-brand this was zero dollars
zero for the same thing that would have
cost me $2,100 that's fucking ridiculous
what'd you find
hey I'll play fetch or play fetch
you like the weirdest stuff
then what go take a nap with me tell you
I figured out our you'll be busy down
there partying you tired because those
in the party houses you ready for bed
these you're freaking ridiculous
alright well we're gonna hang out take a
nap then we're gonna hang out with
everyone now using your throne you
better stay out there back stay you're
not in trouble
oh she looks like the little kid that
like it was like punishing had to go to
her room hey buddy
hi so we're trying to figure out what
Benson would play in a movie we're all
coming back to Tommy Lee Jones find the
dog
my face is the same face he's making
right now buddy I'll be back where's
your bolo tie I don't need it I'm this
sexy you want haven't you want to have a
personality change put on cowboy boots
everything changes your outlook
everything like a cowboy hat too I mean
you guys don't have one either Oh
Mika's got one are those cowboy boots
John has hello John ISM any of the fun
buddy your brother's ready huh
do you think they're gonna let us in
she just hops around and spins don't
feel like I got to ride the bull
now you have to let go of your daddy
right
Oh
round two hey you gotta grab that rope
blow
come on son make your daddy proud
stay on that rope son they all nothings
domination oh hi this Nick who's the guy
who threw me out the damn ball
will never happen again to Cali out of
dance
Oh
nobody's got the hair
got it
it's like I know
general of a broader bigger surveyor
now that his first name we went out we
played darts
so it's kind of like reminiscing of our
first date whoa whoa whoa whoa look at
this look at this masterpiece go to this
masterpiece
all right now you can pick it out what
the Internet to see
it was pretty
what's the news
Oh
I don't like
Wow
love their daddy well actually tomorrow
is my sister's birthday when you're
watching this right now it's my sister's
birthday so make sure you go wish her a
happy birthday or afternoon or Sunday or
we could be Tuesday one are watching
this that's true
we'll see you guys tomorrow every Monday
Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday sad
today's my guys
you know that is that creepy doesn't
like free tonight
you'll nothing big but you're hunting my
hat right
alright community fellow needed that
type he needs a nap
laughs took too long all right so I
don't never sees you guys but I have no
dog here
Ilia forget the dog food so get
distracted
go ride go-karts
that worked hold on let me go find the
keys
