good morning Internet time for an MRI
checkup and guess where Ali is right now
can you see it can you see it
she's addicted I was originally doing an
MRI checkup every month but the doctor
wanted me to start spacing about a
little bit to live my life so he was
doing every other month and then we'll
probably do every other other month and
then maybe six months of in the year and
hopefully maybe once a year then
hopefully maybe once every other year
who knows that's the ultimate goal right
there and then maybe never ever again
because it's gone and eventually
hopefully that will happen but you know
every time you go to the doctor you
always freak yourself out even more and
that's how I feel like these things are
every single time for me like I said
yesterday no everything's will be
totally fine and since that whole you
know sitting waiting thing plus there's
an MRI if anyone's ever been in an MRI
it sucks and surprisingly I
don't know how every single time I fall
asleep to it I don't know how I don't
know I always pass out I can fall asleep
anywhere I started I kind of stopped
showing you guys you guys are gross got
it in I'm just waiting for the MRI got
an apple muffin I'm just gonna call on
an Apple muffin next to an Apple logo
I don't even have any words for you
every time I get an MRI I was listening
to cartel just because it's always funny
every once in a while we the King pops
in there really very cool I've got some
good news guys hold on he's just taking
all my personal information we're gonna
take all that off and then I'm going to
show you guys this guy's digs in the
brains my computer's it's two months ago
guys and that's now and officially no
one sees any change so that's one gonna
get information good news my mom's like
the goofiest lady in the world there's a
free valet service here she's so
stubborn she wants to park her own car
so now I have to go find her by the way
guys good news right and it was gonna be
awesome news pumped right now Holly had
to go back to the house because there's
another home inspection for the
insurance by the door game go to our
game what
nice pick
I think I'd let her do that she get so
tired so we're looking at a potential
house for my sister I'm digging it Zoe
Marla can just come hang out and the
Blue Jays in the Cardinals come hang out
we're talking about the baseball toys
yeah no we're not playing baseball hang
out here spring training you know so do
like a Bill Murray in Groundhog Day
don't go fur in like Caddyshack what's
going on huh yeah but they don't wear
the bad ones in no hurry though Murray
was in that one dad
how does Bill Murray get rid of Gophers
are these good are these gopher holes
now the other gopher holes Gophers you
have to put some yeah right so we're
talking about marmots these are gopher
holes right oh my god gobs of greasy
grimy gopher guts
we're gonna have a declared war already
oh babe stick your finger in that hole
do it no sorry guys had to do it again
what are you doing over there you found
one that's all you need dude well if I
hooked up that's first thing I asked
there's a Wi-Fi in here
you better hope that's files you're
going to take a nap now doesn't mine I
know they're my oh yeah those are my
combat knives didn't know I was in
combat isn't that crazy
those are my crazy knives you don't mess
with me especially one in my hat
right alright this intimidating fellow
neither naps he's tired he needs a nap
oh yeah it's up too long all right so I
know I gotta feed you guys but I have no
dog food right now I let's go get the
dog food so it's gonna distract you
somehow I have to distract you go golf
cart ride a golf cart oh wow okay
that worked hold on let me go find the
keys
hey my shoes in my life so this area is
a lot different than driving around the
other house what it's actually kind of
fun a lot more neighborhoods a lot less
like straightaways and uh like golf
courses I think I might be the only one
in this area that actually has a golf
cart there's the other bathroom but I've
been I'll Drive you don't know the
directions so I don't know where the
hell I am right now I just started
driving down roads I think I'm lost
whatever we'll figure it out why guys
whatever are the rest Co piles in the
world I'm
I don't happen I got like two miles away
from the house so I'm not Google Maps
are now trying to find my way back their
hands and I'm lost I don't know how I
did it
they randomly found my way home what did
she get
where is it don't even care
look this no one cares okay they
realized it was up here Zoe Zoe where's
the sonar I love you mrs. sonar years-
dynamic Marly olace chunky but I think
I've made her a little cookie yeah
because I give her if I ever did it off
food I give her like that piece that's
all she needs
I know who that belly oh hello little
sooner
eels are you hungry are you hungry you
look hungry yes you do what is that find
it what's in there
hey you fan of root beer
you'll shithead pretty stoked you have
your couches huh alright so now the
process begins of unpacking but let's
just take a second guys today was an
awesome day had good positive things
with my noggin good news right Zoey
didn't did noggin news basically what
the doctor says that there's no visual
like change or anything like that it's
not necessarily shrinking but it's also
just stuff like this which is good which
is what we want I mean what we want is
that the shriek just go away for now we
don't want the move get bigger or
anything like that so basically it's a
nice little ball which is good news
great news
wonderful minutes amazing news right as
oh I don't look so surprised
and this is why you don't move with the
phone in your pocket I think I have the
worst luck on the planet at least with
iPhone gadgets
we're just gadgets in general alright
guys here's the deal I give up I think I
want to get rid of this freaking thing
because now I'm remembering how much I
hate it cuz it just makes a bunch of
cluttered mess that I definitely don't
want to have that right now so just
gonna put a little time out see what she
has I got it she's like I found a bone I
was a scary bug woman what is it Zoe I'm
so goofy I turned around like she was
just staring at something get the book
get this is Ali's new favorite thing
what a fall was weird
it worked yesterday she's weird
on the Internet's like you butch idiots
and you're right don't ever try that at
home
alright Internet I'm just totally going
to give up for the evening I already
broke my phone I'll do this maybe
tomorrow cuz it's just driving me crazy
hope you guys enjoyed today's video
great news by the way I know right
great news on the noggin thank you for
watching don't forget to subscribe you
guys are brand new and I will see you
guys tomorrow as always have a good
night hey there's my baby
welcome home we got a random Roma I have
no idea your name but your name
yeah
- holy Hank you do it right
I have no idea how they're doing
surprisingly I thought we're gonna have
a lot more found half of that move the
keg
who
and it's kind of crazy to think about
like your entire life is
