thank you sir this is new to us we don't
really know what we're doing I just seem
like the ring light in my glasses we
decided that we're into something a
little bit different on Sundays and this
is something that we've something new
basically yeah tell me something new but
we realized that it is kind of time to
do something different with this channel
or something on this channel something
with us in general and it's really all
about making sure that we do give
ourselves one day a week
damn arrest yeah just like sunday is
supposed to be legal we were talking
about this week and it's been like such
an exciting week for I think the vlogs
and a lot of stuff it was really really
fun and we notice that there tends to be
like lolled days where you know we have
to do the normal things that people love
to do like your laundry and clean the
house and pay your bills basic chores
stupid thing so we thought that make
super exciting stuff we wanted one day
where we could kind of do whatever we
wanted yeah and we don't have an exact
plan so we thought that Sunday would be
a perfect day for us to kind of sit down
and either talk to you that like almost
like a recap maybe you guys can pick a
topic that we can talk about there isn't
like a definite plan for Sunday's but we
know that we want to do something
different on Sundays yeah you want to
make this more of a day that we can do
hopefully a one-take where we can spend
more time with each other and like our
families and our dogs and our things
like that still not a direct plan we
don't have any guys totally up in the
air and we're open like we're open for
suggestions because this is this is
something that we really wanted to do
because we wanted to we're gonna film
obviously there's going to be a video
every single day including Sunday but
the format might be slightly different
but we again that gallic said we have no
idea we just kind of wanted to use
sunday as a way to reconnect with
friends and family but to stay connected
with us and you guys as well but cuz
like when we see everybody like friends
family even us we always have a camera
in our face and their face so we were
trying to think of something to where
like we could like live in the moment
more like just one day to up the whole
week so that's 12
of times a year that we can no that's
not right that's a I can't do mad I
can't do that we were just thinking that
it would be a good opportunity for us to
come to just I don't know like
decompress from the whole week because
you think about a normal job
nine-to-five you typically most of time
have at least like one day nine-to-five
yeah you have one day off a week where
you really can just if you wanted to sit
on your couch all day and watch TV you
could do that if you wanted to do a
million chores and run all over the
place you could do that and we felt that
we it's now time in our relationship and
in this vlog world that we live in right
now we dedicated one day to where we
could decompress a little bit and maybe
not focus 24 hours of the day on the
blog in that way we would still have we
station we would still have the
connection with you guys which is the
most important thing that we keep our
connection we make these videos for you
but at the same time we're balancing
life and online life and it's not that
we don't like filming or anything we
love it we love it very much that's why
we're bringing this to you guys because
we love it so much we want to make sure
everything's like merge together and if
that makes sense
I don't know we're trying to like think
we're taking your recommendations yeah
this was a huge recommendation from you
guys why don't you guys tell us to take
our friends you guys just take a day off
the thing is we don't want to take a day
off we'd like this is our version of
like taking your day off would be on one
day week just doing something a little
bit different than what we normally do
right and like for instance this week we
decided that it would be kind of fun to
kind of recap our favorite moments
throughout the entire week next week
could be something completely different
we have no exact plan for this Sunday
change this new direction I guess on
Sundays but we wanted to also try to do
something too on top of Sunday doing
these legs these one take videos or
these different vlog videos on Sunday we
wanted to try maybe doing live shows on
Sunday as a way to connect directly a
little bit more so we're thinking maybe
every Sunday on you now you know that
coms last Charles Trippy and maybe we'll
do one of the
we're still trying to debate on the time
so I recommend following Ally on Twitter
me on Twitter our snapchats Instagram so
we will let you know it's just like
another way that we can participate
online with you guys a little bit more
but at the same time have things that we
need to get done like literally I'm not
even kidding I was just scrubbing the
garage door yeah that's not fun we don't
want to film that we know that YouTube
is going in a different direction
obviously you guys know that YouTube's
going in a different direction and we're
trying to adjust with the times yeah and
but still live our life and still do the
things that we need to do and we just
this is one small step for us and the
direction that we want to be heading in
which is making changes to the CTFxC
without it being something like crazy
absurd that we could never live up to
because that was our biggest thing is
like we want to constantly bring you
guys entertainment in just a form of
connection yeah you know reality is you
can't always do something crazy like
this week was so awesome for us but you
can't always have weeks like that so we
wanted to make sure that we could still
provide you guys good entertainment
something that you want to watch but
also still do our like outside of it and
I think if you think about the CTFxC as
a whole a lot of you guys have been
watching for a very long time and at the
beginning the vlogs or let's just say
the beginning of vlog daily vlogging it
was always just a communication back and
forth and then as more people started
daily vlogging which is amazing things
started going from here which was like
the connection thing to more
entertainment which is awesome and I
feel like I know I've done that I strive
myself to do something crazy yeah we do
it yeah but then at the same time we
realize that when we're like you know
swimming with sharks you know drifting
or whatever I did the last couple days
that we forget that there's needs to be
that connection to first it's making it
a TV show does that make sense like we
want to have to stay as the way to kind
of do what daily vlogging what's back in
the day where it was like really
connection yeah a community bringing
back on the internet connection with
each other - yeah I think it's the
biggest thing you know we we we do need
to spend more time with each other
outside of the camera but we still don't
want to lose the connection with you
guys yeah and as we're getting older you
know things are passing through our
minds like we're making the next steps
in our lives which is you know a big
thing that we constantly have been
talking about what you guys know is kids
and we have been discussing with each
other that you know when a baby comes
there's we're gonna need time to
ourselves in our families so it's like
probably this is like anger figuring out
if this is something that we like
because we might not stick with it this
might last only this Sunday if we do do
this it doesn't mean that we're not
gonna put up and if we actually stick to
this plan it doesn't mean that one
Sunday we might not film something
absolutely crazy like we normally would
but we can I just wanted to run this
across you guys let you know that
changes are gonna be possibly being made
and our adjustments that's not much
change in just one day one day we got
one day everything else is gonna be the
same but yeah we just kind of wanted to
see what you guys thought of it and if
you guys agree with us if there's any of
us even make sense because we talked
we've been talking about this all day
but we had no idea how to start this
conversation but we want to see how you
guys feel about possibly making a little
change on Sundays like I said this is
one of the biggest suggestions you guys
suggested and that just this is why I
wanted to do this or Ali and I wanted to
do this as kind of like I don't wanna
say proof but like as a way to show you
guys that we read the comments we
listened to your opinions we take what
you say to heart and listen so this was
something we listened and we're just
trying it like I said if it works it
works if it doesn't doesn't yeah exactly
we are totally up for failure men so I
mean we can handle failure you can't
succeed for every time you succeed you
fail like 40 times what am I saying
we're gonna fail no no no no
just saying like if it doesn't work it
doesn't work we're not we we know that
we tried and you know Beauvoir so I
guess what we're saying since this was a
suggestion
what other suggestions would Sunday be
kind of cool for you guys to see Ali
suggested today we're gonna kind of
recap what you thought hands down for me
the coolest thing this week was drifting
our racecar
my hands down was definitely dressing up
as Santa surprising Melissa that was so
much fun
the link to the full videos are in the
description as always there's a million
things in that description go check it
out we don't just put nothing in there
don't put nothing yeah go ahead and read
it so those two videos particular are
our favorite things that happen this
week so our question to you guys this
week what was your favorite moment video
time saying did we say something I just
like made you laugh I know there was a
couple of them just because it was so
like that little yesterday - it
literally got you guys couldn't see it
all all over the bike I think the worst
part was I was like scrubbing everything
in the most awkward position obviously
it looks really awkward of doing this in
public on my bike in front of Allie in
front of all these people so I'm like
frantically doing this all these people
are kind of walking by it staring at me
and now I had to go like oh we got
pooped on then everyone laughed and made
fun of me so well they didn't make fun
but they understand I mean they're like
oh okay
they laughing here's the fun thing we
tried to do this in one take if this was
uncut
I am super impressed if this was cut
that means we did not do that and we
ain't gonna be it's gonna be practiced
thank you guys again so much for
watching this video and the suggestion
of trying this in the description like
we said all the videos that we were just
talking about our favorite moments the
entire week is going to be in the
description or in the little eye bubble
thing there we'll see you guys tomorrow
as always and have a great night
and as always guys thank you so much we
really appreciate you listen to us rant
and this is the community this
communication this is what we want to
bring back like I said alright guys see
you guys
I'm starting a Christmas memory bye
