I'm sorry though a totally out of
character is one of the benefits of
getting up this early and going to the
airport hello there Airport having a
lazy day today huh it's rainy out so you
wouldn't have a lazy day where have you
been oh right there this is like your
new little throne I think my dad isn't
trying come over one day this week and
help us put up the closets because
they're a little bit more difficult and
I definitely want to put any more holes
in their walls Charles
crappy Airport tricky sandwiches story
my life what I got up write it on a
non-stop flight pretty stoked
hopefully we'll be all done moving by
tomorrow that's my my hope my hope I'm
hopeful did I say I'm ovale
did I mention hope in that sentence cuz
I'm hoping for all that oh yes I'm gonna
attempt to clean this floor mix okay
fine what it was that where's Troy well
where is he
I guess that's Marley's designated new
Cerrone she had this she's over it now
she's like I need a colorful chair sat
right mark time to get to work I got it
kind of clean you know to bringing all
this stuff tomorrow rain rain go away a
little bit hopefully charts have a good
time going to the Playboy Mansion ready
to go
trying to photobomb different I was
focusing either dude please just focus
on you hey there you go children I
really feel like a shower gonna ever see
you night feeling a shower
so here there is Ram it Ryan blow it up
give me a match stick in that fire
extinguisher is the front these yards
are blogging all right we're supposed to
go right here are we the only ones here
I'll tell I didn't just you guys why did
you guys come this grotto got owners in
there you know I'm seeing no bunnies
I see no bunnies anywhere nobody there
that sort of sad so there are you can
trade the peacock yeah don't chase the
cock here I see what you did there
Joe the CTFxC is now officially made it
to the Playboy Mansion look at the koi
how are you bird gravy hello bird okay
I'm really good about like if they don't
want to go so warn you but they're not
gonna go backward okay
I had no feathers top dog
this is Nana guys Nana likes guys yeah
look at that I feel so used Nana yeah I
came over to talk to you folks about
something I heard the product came way
she would like you to sign up and gets
us puppies puppy come on what I cast
time that is the most amazing visual
I've ever seen and it is really better
than firing a pair of jeans that just
fit you perfectly that is like the best
thing for women never thought I'd be
wandering around in the Playboy Mansion
ground I know if I'm supposed to be here
look at Sally oh there's little monkeys
over here wait am I not supposed to go
this way alright so before you my ass
kicked by Hugh or a playmate I probably
should get back to where everyone is
just imagine you coming down just swift
karate kicking the area down
no ha extension all right I'm getting
your past beauty I'm going to the movie
thing where did that come from
you know funny story tell your story how
you tell your story I find that this is
actually Egyptian cotton was given to tu
hieu bird come here
so what is your favorite place to go
here like what the monkey
yeah the boat is where the motor that
way go this way I kept wandering but I
felt like he was gonna snipe me or
something like that you can go now you
can go that way I go out right now
before I so I got permission guys go
that way
there we go Brandon you want to go
through the monkeys let's see the mystic
mojo see the monkey yeah here's the deal
I'm gonna see if I can sneak into the
grotto now I don't know if I can
there it is I don't even wanna sit on
that is it a hot like seriously it's
like a hot tub I don't know if it's
creepy but there's literally beds
everywhere weird there's absolutely no
cell phone service I guess when you're
down here you don't need a cell phone I
need to get out of here actually you
know what guys this would be a damn
shame I came all the way over town for
Playboy Mansion Jimmy please pick a foot
into the damn
throughout a pretty sure there's a lot
of coins
and cold
I don't assault up that's what the whole
idea I believe is a whole place did you
guys ever think blogging whatever bring
us to the Playboy imagines grotto I know
I keep saying it but it's so weird to me
I'm sorry I never got your what's your
names again was your name Jacqueline J
Danny okay Danny Mathers mathur's and
Jeff I have terrible memory go say hi to
the Internet got it good all right this
is Pamela she wants to say hi to the
CTFxC hi guys I'm Pamela rocks over 2012
and playboy his gamer next door there we
go
Thank You Pamela this is bad pretty much
the brains of this whole operation this
is Brendan I know you had to see him a
million times but back in the day 2007
he was the only one that trusted me and
trusted YouTube one of my oldest longest
friends and he loved me too
Brian I are the only ones I've gone into
the grotto together right for grotto
brothers I gotta go you would have naked
half naked I'm still recovering I went
into a pool packed with about 2,000
people that I saw I saw Lindsay yeah
self Lindsay's photo we had an injury
the bird made me real hard
these birds aren't as nice as they look
I was being filmed and I played it off
like Phil's normal Hey look at Joe she
was already dressing the part
did you take those in the garage oh we
did actually yeah no we're sending
electrical impulses to his antenna and
he's interpreting that as a stimulus and
concur with her so where can i download
that app so you can see it works but I'm
competing with natural cockroach
behaviour he wants to get away from all
of us and hide over time he will stop
responding this is amazing Leon
it's like a time again the backpack
comes off easily and the project is fine
he's so wide right okay still hasn't
danced about it's not gonna be killed
right out for this car so I get the
control Brendon yep yeah so I need your
turn forearm you already have I already
see EOD of the markers there for me
thank you we'll go through the ink oh
yeah yeah yeah toward more advanced in
the Apple watch there you go good bad
like you been I can do it oh yeah shit
you do it some more you can just a
little track number I gotta do magic I
need a trailer like with this lock is in
line we made it guys I guess Kenny wants
free snacks so hot yeah some some
popcorn oh yeah I'm gonna go with a
gummi bears
alright I don't know what just happened
but we were walking in here and I got a
car from him
phoenixon biogenic
thank you so we're gonna watch this
movie called selfless
sir can you not be so rude turn around
excuse me why are you guys talking here
in the movie
shut the fuck up I'm trying to watch it
I can hold all our water right laughing
I think I know the technical term but
basically you know put put goals up and
then visualize it yeah vision board a
vision board that's it there ya go
sorry very powerful stuff thanks for the
movie selfless which by the way is a
pretty freakin good movie it's all about
shedding by the way to see the movie
you'll see what it brings sense three
random people get to like transplants or
their life for 24 hours they get that
drive these imagine I can't drive and I
pick driving a Lamborghini okay you
leave this I should know because this is
my car
okay my name is see I'm just gonna watch
you try to struggle okay
guys ever see jackass 380 might
recognize this guy right here if not go
back and watch it and then do it up in
the tree you literally fell down in
Decatur
yeah the guy who like they cut the tree
and then fell down this guy right here
he's still alive very much alive you
know what guy still alive and I had a
broken tailbone when I was just you know
the beginner
just fucking do it there we go again 12
hours later back at LAX busy day hope
you enjoyed today's video I didn't think
we'd ever go to the Playboy Mansion
hope you guys enjoyed it the little
sneak peek before I go because I'm gonna
go right now because I have to edit the
video and then I have to get on a plane
to come take a red-eye out about that
everyone's super freaking nice because
it wasn't like the whole stereotypical
what you think would happen you only
beam everyone was very very polite very
professional very businesslike if you
guys are what I'm doing right now I'm
taking a red-eye home so literally what
happened is I flew in at 8:00 a.m. and
I'm leaving at 11:00 p.m. that way I can
get home looking house so tomorrow's
gonna be a big day and if you want to be
super cool because you guys want to
click the little like button so I know
you guys enjoy the video as well um tell
me your favorite part of today's video
in the comments all right have a great
night guys
I'm going to eat my sandwich look like a
sandwich and I would take this red I
pass out of a plane and get home to my
girls
thank God
I revealed my money
a little bit a little bit
