we got so we just got Internet I want to
brag about the speed hold on look at
this any haircut I can't go to the
Playboy Mansion like this here a little
fancy what are you wearing to something
like that
go wait just one I'm wearing a t-shirt
and she cut offs I don't think I wear
sandals I'm not a fancy guy pull it on I
phone call guys answer hey
we have temporary couches that Phil gave
us that we're gonna actually put
upstairs maybe in the game room area
Marley is already taking this little
thing over as you can see little Marley
hair everywhere right look at me you
look at me why I'm yelling at you so
though look it's only been good being a
good girl I can upload a 500 megabyte
vlog in about two minutes now I just
gotta find a handheld camera that does
4k and we were gonna start doing these
vlogs in 4k so if you guys know any
cameras like the handheld cameras they
can blog with the do for catch it the
camera we have to charge last night but
does 4k let me know and we're gonna
start doing 4k blogs just because now
time to hook up the security system time
to hook up the security cameras wanna
hook up the security cameras huh I don't
want to do it do you want to do it do
you want to hook up the security cameras
you're such a jerk yeah I know I was
trying to give you attention a little
butthole over here hey my your in camera
don't do anything bad we're watching you
now on if you do some mad and we're
gonna watch you if there's poop in the
yard and I see you roll it's gonna be
caught see if you have a bad day stay
positive the next day is gonna be
probably awesome
so far today it's pretty awesome I just
did a freaking lapper on my counter I
need to somehow a map how I walk when I
vlog like it's probably the most idiotic
thing ever look at this this is what Zoe
just did Zoe go put that back go put
that back
of course oh yeah you're not clean or
anything I'm done installing things
filling through your dough's I can see
you through your toes hi-yah
this is a bad case of tickles my boy oh
no oh my god they've dug it all up much
for the new grass but as you guys all
know tomorrow he is going to the Playboy
Mansion which most people I think would
be really worried because Charles is so
awkward with almost every human being
known to man I know that I have nothing
to worry about plus he's a good guy so I
guess I'm very very lucky if I get a
boyfriend like a butler rather than a
Playboy Playmate we decided to kind of
venture off and find local parks and let
them christen the parks my mom came up
there's Gators in there we all started
out of that Lake
if you're ever in Florida don't ever go
on the lakes because there's always one
tiny ninety-first under the time an
alligator in there popping like a bunny
rabbit that she's never seen ducks go
check out what a duck is Aflac
Aflac we got a little friend are there I
just keep sitting there he stops
you guys are so antisocial ridiculous
now this is a park where I can love you
encourage your iPhone and hang out with
dogs he done the the plumber guy came
and apparently what happened is when
they
the house our pooper is now clean also
by the way since I'm going to LA
tomorrow I realized after looking in the
mirror and a bunch of how do these out
look at this
so Ali is going to try to cut my hair
today I need to get you an anti part
color I need to get you we're looking
for hair trimmers wouldn't be over here
top health and you are you sure you
can't get my hair we're gonna find out
alright cool we found our favorite pizza
place here and st. Pete so we had to do
it at the window look it just go
fluttered out the window though this is
one fluttering out the window though
well I did none of that you're
responsible for me because I got
everything else so you so dumb so here's
the deal guys I need a haircut really
bad everything's closed I can't go like
this my toupee how did I told you Lucas
the line to get to Travis this is
Clifford let's play a game in the
comments and we're throw them both on
the ground who's gonna get what is
Marley gonna get Clifford or the money
get or as Marley gonna get Travis what
do you think I think both - neither you
son of a bitch you son of a bitch both
you got Zoe sing Clifford so we got
Clifford mm-hmm just making sure
check check check check look at this
will you come when you call my hair like
on this time ahead and feel a little
soft because I could feel it kind of
very sensitive shape jail
oops that's mine
do you guys see what we're talking about
the nice little crack I have confidence
in you baby third story seriously
Charles I mean are you serious this is
my hair it's like it just caught in the
middle of something
I raised a good wedding
what about in sideways see let's call me
Charles the hairstylist make me nervous
seems like a really important part all
right I gotta turn stop guys
there's so many comfortable there's so
many noises right now to be the biggest
mistake of my life
I want you to be like the best
turnstiles ever and you have a new
career path what you do there's way too
much care of my children Wentz's with
videos she probably will know she always
does it to me after the facts of my
hurts you think do they hurt you the
confidence level babe is out the door
dude perfect my notification on my phone
it says take a photo every single day
just came up perfect I got like the 2003
swoop going on hey sure I'm going to a
Thursday concert followed by Dashboard
Confessional
you think I'm gonna say would you I'm
just training good to hear
her name is Harbor shop Barbie getting
there
well it's so funny that when you spin it
around it looks like a toupee like
something that's just placed like a Lego
like you just placed something on my
head looks better though a lot better I
think it is like cleaning up the sides
on my hair just automatically and the
finished product I think you did a good
job you're never cutting hair this is
funny about this it's gonna clog that
 again
we just gotta fix Oh God
perfect segue guys I'm defending the
video right now hope you guys enjoyed
today's video much better than yesterday
trying to get this video uploaded
scheduled so be on time for tomorrow
because I'm gonna be on a plane all day
alright guys don't forget to subscribe
because tomorrow we are going to the
Playboy Mansion
don't know what it's gonna happen a
little what I don't really understand I
don't know what's gonna happen there I
don't don't get it but guys he's totally
not excited I just don't know what to
expect I'm going to bring you guys with
me so don't forget to subscribe have a
great night and we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget to click that
little like button and have a great
night guys dude bye this ain't gonna do
it
now he is
Rajoy Tiffany's gonna get them Farley
did she can trap the closet
what are you a closet these two things
of the Father
you tell me
