top of the morning they're bent hip
chill so pretty cool okay that was kind
of cool so it took three temps the devil
into this this band right now with the
effect of power glitch on the iPhone
it's this little glitch I guess if you
type this and a text message to research
your phone for some reason my other
sister my other sister my other Esau man
so I got a random screaming and all my
friends decided to stay
I thought to support me I turn around
snapchat and tweeting and instagramming
and blogging it Hey there's actually a
viral high tech right now that says
state tribe that's a strong Charles we
did anal cavity searches are you over
snake yeah do you guys remember that it
was like probably a couple years ago
snake went into the did anyway snake
went into the back back room came back
what talk about goes through a cavity
search I'm gonna push you down the
escalator this is Sarah straight to
Tampa yeah
originally done by Led Zeppelin himself
hey Blake you want to say hey are you
doing oh yeah did you fart no oh you did
oh I am gonna tell your mom
Oh yep I'm gonna tell my sister that my
nephews farting out every bite it's
party whose party party Kaelyn are you
crop-dusting us right now so we're
hiding from
city jerks this make mistake they were
left on
hi friend
you got it again one more flight watch I
see a baby piranha one thing I hate
about buying new furniture can you be
home from June 1st to December 31st 2016
yeah be right back if they come say suck
it so on top of being frisked by the TSA
and having away forever for the delivery
the toilet starts getting clogged I
decided to find a Twitter plunger the
plumber has a warranty so he's coming
he's he's gonna fix it but in the
meantime I have to deal with this myself
yeah you go for the classic or do you go
for the master oh I'm at it I decided to
get a citronella candle here with all
the damn insects blue bottle rockets
we've got all my frustration and blow it
up even better
it was punched the hell out of the
toilet oh my god on top of everything I
know
I went I bought citronella candles and
everything basically I paid $30 in other
words they paid $30 for this damn
plunger cuz I forgot everything else
just not my day to go okay I I know I
know it could be worse
cheer up Thank You Marley right handsome
motivation you're right you're
absolutely right that's true that's true
too
Marley speaks the truth I guess I can't
complain
you're right Marley thank you I don't
have the duchies there's another thing I
well thank you for letting it slide just
one time oh my gosh our new table yeah
yeah I think we're gonna get maybe a row
or something forever just because but I
want to push down or I'm gonna go here
and here I know that's a warning table
Marley don't be a little pisser are you
feeling kind of poopy today I will have
a good shitty day I have a shitty won't
tell me I got frisks at their prey touch
a junk I didn't say pre I know two years
little free I know and for some reason
he goes hold on sir random random
screening did TSA guy psychotic friends
like no they're not gonna film this and
the whole they turn around Raleigh I'm
sorry and then the vlog took forever to
upload why they won't tell the advice
for this guy with a plunger would you
want to do this don't want to push it in
because when you push it in it packs it
in more to reduce you put it down
during the Kylie Jenner challenge excuse
you
got our head take it off I almost took a
hammer to the toilet
yeah part is true is that the beehive
it's a piece of paper not crazy piece of
paper please help me tomorrow
dude tomorrow June 2nd I guess it'd be
tomorrow it's alive I'll be going to LA
basically it's a promotion and the party
of they're having is that the Playboy
Mansion so technically the CTFxC is
invited to the Playboy Mansion and I'm
gonna be filming that I asked Ali if she
wanted to go and she said to help but
you you were invited relaxing you
chillin that worked killer probably was
the hour of me pumping that would be a
scary monster - it was much hearing loss
shitty one Zoe grandma he's gonna
get you Marley did she get trapped in a
closet Marla you in a closet did you
seriously get yourself in a closet you
dummy
nope nope nope nope nope it's very easy
to find out which is mining which is Zoe
Marley's been busy for the food's right
Morello stay in the beginning of the day
was kind of stressful this is how you
relax at the end of the day
it's our first meal on the actual table
high fives all around
wanna give me high five okay thank you
you're hiding from the this is
always anti Thunder place okay okay no
no no okay okay what the f you want
that's our end today I was trying to
hook up one of those like one little
paddle hooks the one it's just literally
just a J hook for our single towel and I
ended up putting a hole in the drywall
this is what I'm talking about guys this
is all I was trying to hang and I came
as a result and now we erase our edsc
and we let this try and I painted in the
morning so today one of those days I
don't want to say necessarily sucked
because I don't want to say anything
actually sucks but very frustrating very
frustrating day I want to say thank you
guys for letting me vent feel like I
probably would have driven a bulldozer
through every wall of this house with
frustration you guys are ever having one
of those days to get through it because
things could always be worse I think we
have internet tomorrow so that's
something positive so thank you guys so
much for watching today's video
battery's about to die cuz I know it
sounds stupid and cliche but thank you
for allowing you to have this venting
opportunity if you guys need the vent
venting in the comments is why we're all
a community don't forget to subscribe
you guys are brand new and have a great
night
yeah
yeah
