go say bye to him good morning Internet
they just wanted to say bye to the bird
friend so if you didn't watch
yesterday's video you didn't know that I
fell in the pool pressure-washing
I've almost done it a million times it
was the first time I've actually done it
and the worst part other than falling in
as I fell in with my Apple watch my
camera my hot spot and my pants
so I only have one pair of pants since
we just came down the pack for a little
bit you have no idea what I'm talking
about
just go watch yesterday's video Ali
actually announced a little well it's a
really competition but a little thing
for you guys I don't know what it is but
my hair looks like a complete to pay
like it looks so fake I don't know what
what's happening with it right now it's
been falling so freakin weird
I assure you guys it's real hair make
sure it's real see it's really hairy
guys that's not fake I know there's a
few people on Twitter in the comics the
thing might hit his feet lately I
promise it's a 100% my stupid hair that
I can night train train like Donald
Trump hair so dumb I just had my worst
fear happened and there were sandals I
put my foot in my shoe and this little
jerk popped out and like I said there
were sandals too gonna protect me don't
waste biter might leave it alone it
guess is on the camera what do you think
you'll be fine no I'm gonna go with a
big fat yes here we go
well the truth big fat now big fat now
you know what it could just be the
battery no battery charges let's just
try I'm hopeful nope it's definitely
dead warranties are good warranties are
great warranties are meant for Charles
because he's stupid didn't really run
but whatever you get the point what is
that amiibo I'm evil what is an Evo you
asked for the difference
that's what it is
you tap things snazzy cake I've ever
been
you like that yeah oh there there
there's the cameras hey Ali give me a
little model strut
all right take two
nice shirt
where char okay where'd you get what to
get I bought this a long time ago
can you move you to pay out all the way
I didn't know it's annoying in that it's
like yeah yeah I didn't know what band I
wanted to have you are more of a female
than I am no kitchen steps getting
backed up look out like kitchen
appliances and dishes it's very fragile
I like to make sure them very detailed
when I put things in boxes the buckle
okay or so I have the buckle or the
support band which one you like better
um I don't really notice it different
ones
I know I know once leather and once
fancier I feel like the support band
that's more me right Internet you decide
sport band or was this however I gotta
go pressure however I do kind of think
that the leather would go better with
your toupee
so we're doing the finishing up right
now you know packing and we're gonna
head back to the house and Ali left the
garage because you're going back and
forth you wanna show me what you found
guys I'm ready guys come on guys I'm
ready
so it's last day with the pressure
washer this is the dirtiest part every
single time it's these guys right here
and I'm gonna do something right now
CTFxC
but on a serious note cases before I'm
going to show you guys after it's gonna
end up looking like that so that's
before that's after so much cleaner yeah
I know
I'm liking manliest men and one's ever
seen now so I sent Ali back to the house
completely fill their car up I couldn't
fit the dogs couldn't fit so my mom's
gonna take us up now so little road trip
we go the house Marley's under the
freaking ladder
Marley hey that's where you belong
Marley and sunsets awesome oh that's a
cliche one with a raise up there and
everything there's something on the
screen right here don't know what it is
can't get rid of it guys I'm sorry
dick stick you gotta love the Skyway
think about besides the Golden Gate
Bridge is probably one of my favorite
bridge
that is probably the oldest thing you
ever hear me ever say my favorite bridge
you always see these up in the sky what
is that like just a jet decided we go to
jet decided to go go space today got the
new rule sorry mr. bell good girl you
already you already figured it out
Zoey nope not the door nope Oh what do I
do
right here hey so it break it sit down
I'm so confused I'm just gonna sit down
Internet help me out el Kat wait El Cap
what is that in Spanish and hair has not
gotten any better today
in fact he's gotten worse in time mom
doesn't look like I have like fake hair
right now
we get a point so scared him the other
day it got bad
the only day that there's a cool story
going on sorry bro
I know you're talking about it yesterday
I know there's a little nuggets it's a
very exciting moment I know I love
mustard with my bags by the way mr. mo
is home and a little asshole alley hit
her head on one of the frames oh no I
did not hit my head I want two friends
one of the frames hit me so I'm gonna go
be a gentleman and go get you where you
want to leave I have white I'm in white
too
and the Black Knight we want what we get
I get some bengay bengay from the joints
the muscle rib
honey Jesus they have been pooping
orange
funny they're not all remember and there
you go
oh boy that I hope you enjoyed today's
video
I swear again this is real hair we got a
lot to do still in the house as you can
probably see we got a freaking
basketball hoop now as well as a bounce
house there's a fan we should probably
install that whenever we're getting
there anyway hope you guys enjoyed
today's video
have a great night and we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always do bye guys
this was over here and that was closer
and maybe a man
I didn't want to go around things so I
literally went like this I'm not even
kidding
I put around like this
Britain's toolbox
I know no it's easy
everything got wet
I killed kill
yet another camera and he
