good morning Internet are you playing
with the funky hose do you like me
I'm getting us Internet did you find
poop you know it's only gonna be yours
what what do you want some guys back to
the other house
Paquette still got it good job since
we're all and she always goes around the
opposite side sitting on the kitchen box
we're trying to I can read to bring the
kitchen stuff so we're all using plastic
containers that's with your legs babe
I'm helping guys I promised my mom
bringing the pressure washer back all
right so the movers don't break anything
I'm going to be moving the plaques the
records the YouTube plaques and things
like that by myself just in case we have
some time yeah we're not going to put
the swimming pool in right away so you
might go use it you're trying to pack up
as much as possible slowly things are
getting done one thing they don't tell
you with that packing and moving is the
most exhausting thing in the world I
think I was exhausted by 2:00 p.m. today
okay so he's a little laser pointer so
glad you're worried about that while
we're packing gotta make sure I get some
fun mm-hmm we gotta start packing this
guy up somehow if you guys remember how
big of a pain in the ass that was time
to do it again Marley that's mostly like
a pancake it was false
this is why cleaning sometimes it's so
gratifying didn't even know this was
there I just feel so much cleaner while
chars outside power washing everything
because we're just trying to like get
everything really nice and clean before
we leave I'm gonna try and package up as
much as I can of the rest of this area
as much as possible and I know that
we're actually gonna donate a lot of
stuff too and hopefully will be moved in
fully from the house in the next like
week or so maybe two weeks it may take
some time but I know chars mom big help
sister big help I know that my families
can help too so it's gonna be crazy the
thing everything else in the new house
so I'd say you guys get to see this it's
just we're so excited
so I got the tape now I gotta start
packing up a little bit more but I'm
gonna go check on char cuz I'm kind of
afraid he's going to probably be like
fooling around right now it's really
getting the dirt off you can see the
dirt smudge is still on there cool
you're got a little wet there a little
dirty just a small amount there's some
over here I'm telling you they're
literally and every little you know
corner of this house there's dog boy you
guys you guys got a little spoiled and I
think you play with about three of those
probably donate a little nose juice
Fabian dogs all over the world will now
have toys so this is going to be the
partial before cuz we already started
packing obviously we can't move this got
them boxes on boxes on boxes I don't
ever know where to start like I know
obviously you need to pack up everything
but I never know what's gonna be the
easiest way to start it would be real
nice if you could help me why
ah char left himself out of the house
what that's the one thing I know char is
really gonna miss I'm gonna miss it too
oh no reason
hey where you at hello char what what I
don't know I guess it's not coming
around we're pretty much done so sir how
you doing out there it's hard isn't it
you know what you think it'd be fun to
basically a giant Super Soaker
socks that's not water all over him
that's actually sweat I know right do
you sound like such an old man Marley
kidneys house like a dude you're such a
good girl it's a lantern like a camping
a camping lantern in the living room
his decorative sense is like on par char
did you know you had a lantern in the
living room look a lantern like a
camping lantern yeah up on the shelf
I know I'm like packing up the CDs as
well I'm like now see these are like
basically non-existent so it's so
strange it makes me feel so old even
though I'm not because nobody even
utilizes him anymore
I still do he does sometimes not really
I just wanna say thank you guys for
being so understanding for the next few
days or whatever until we get moved
because it's not easy to move this is
the first time I've ever had the need to
have to have a little bit more
challenging but I promise you as soon as
it's done you guys leave first no house
tours and all all right so this is the
first I was trying to clean this move
all this stuff around I had my other
camera my Apple watch went in the pool
the pool is comfortable nice and warm
but killed everything so I'm filming on
Ally's right now oh now I'm cold
cool this was here this was over here
and that was closer and me being a man
and stubborn I didn't want to go around
things so I literally went like this I'm
not even kidding
I told around like this Brandon's full
heart I know no one same thing what
happened when you fell in everything got
wet I killed it killed yet another
camera and he felt with the Apple watch
surprisingly it was fine which is
awesome awesome you never ruin your
Apple watch which I think you would have
been really upset about Charles I have a
camera well only working one do you
really want to play with this life's all
about mistakes guys now this camera
isn't working great so I was in the
process of trying to make its dinner and
I was like alright I'm sorta kind of
make something else really simple and
easy and quick so it's just gonna make
us pasta cuz we've been kind of running
around all day trying to get everything
I do realize first I knew we packed up a
lot of stuff but I guess Charles mom
brought stuff down a few days ago and we
have nothing Boston so I'm kind of
improvising right now trying to figure
out when I can make with everything that
we have we do luckily have one very very
small pan which I'm cooking in and I'm
just kind of making some you know a
little guacamole and tomato kind of
salad so I think we're just gonna do
kind of like a Mexican night cuz that's
about all that we can really make right
now but hey you know what it's good in
charge still outside power washing
everything
honestly I don't even know what exactly
he's doing but I know I don't trust him
with the camera right now today it's
been a successful day Ali killed it and
packing and I fell in the pool guess it
does I like to call these whatever is in
the refrigerator some cabinet I think
this is just the ER room this is the ER
room right now guys dum-dum-dum
by the way I'm so sorry about the scare
thing the other day guys I figured it
was a perfect up tell ya what I was
thinking with that if you have a friend
or a family member that hasn't seen it
yet make sure you go and show them the
video of that happening but film them
okay and then what we want to do without
them knowing yeah without them fine we
do know if you can film them without
them knowing that you're doing it go
ahead and either like tweet it to us I
guess it would be is better do it go
ahead and tweet it to us and then what
we're gonna do is we're gonna pick the
through or the pick the three that we
liked the most and we're gonna do a
little something for you guys well send
you that's a t-shirt or something
I love being scared I always love
people's react all right so that's your
new mission guys good luck get you back
cannot believe you're making me record
this or not I'm not gonna look I'm just
you're pulling it off and it came off it
naturally came up I ever knew now you
were pulling on no there's a new nail
there I'm not kidding hold camera I
can't look
it's not even there there's nothing
there kill it it's not are you joking
you like literally
best fears you're driving me nuts I'm
genuinely pumped that my toenail came
off this hurt more if it makes you feel
any better this hurt more they're not
having it before I break this camera
we're gonna go to bed I just want to
show you how cute Allie and Zoey are
right now playing with their Grinch toes
hope you enjoyed today's video we will
see you guys tomorrow as always have a
great night bye guys
right now - definitely
