making sure to get all that hair in
there okay
yes that's Alex ringtone badass I know
and then Charles you have to be hot for
the next couple of days I'm sorry you
can't get a fan hey hey hey hey look at
the dogs why you have no faith cuz we
know what happened with you and Bill
last time they be up to $25 of desire to
the restaurant so I figured we take
advantage of that and I think they gave
us the restaurant too okay pretty big
bel marra sounds that
you
gogear pop up that little punk rocker
another she is perfect way to cover your
dark eye circles go ahead and put a
bunch of freaking glitter under your
eyes if I had only known about these
under eye dark circle tricks a long time
ago I feel like my life would have been
so much better under eye black dark for
companion star glitter oh my god I
completely left the house without my
camera so I'm using my iphone right now
I know completely forgot it at least so
much better at finding the proper
groceries every time I do this I was
come back with like candy and the crappy
cereals
step back and count how many things are
now obsolete because of a cell phone 34
hi mr. Dalziel oh thank god I thought I
left it in the cab did you guys find the
subtly very case you found it you found
one of them something in there for you
for this yes you get a backyard so you
can just go out back and eat it all
rights creatures awesome little treats
are awesome little backyard I know I'll
have to worry about an alligator you're
welcome you're totally welcome enjoy
that I'm gonna go unpack everything okay
should I try to bring this in the house
they're just waiting for the rain to
stop are they just not as cool is that
other stuff boiled bitches I just
realized these doors are the ones that
were like in the old apartment can you
open the door get you got it almost the
second the rain stopped both of them not
even kidding zor slamming on the door
what you call happy dogs I think they
don't even care that there's not a pool
feel like an alien woman right now look
at all the savings guys the savings in
the sale I have no place to sit but the
dogs have how many pillows there's these
three or four and there's another three
in my bedroom and I have no place to say
yet it doesn't get home until I think
tomorrow Phil a Melissa or try to help
me find some stuff I thought it was so
fucked up that the dogs have so many
places to sit and lay down I've been
sitting on the first step of the actual
tears here we go movie theaters did you
turn greatest song of all time
so I think just getting a painting
called stands to him that's what it's
why I'm saying this right now they go
right is the sauce perfect am strong
Oh
so I got a hose Oh lot of hoes here in
st. Pete Tampa Emily we do dinner Finn
oh it's stalling a fan no it's not easy
one two three I think we went up to 104
yeah the exit are you listening he does
and the worst part i don't think that
fans still the light works doesn't
thought you would have listened to me it
would have worked and it wouldn't have
been waffle well guess what gonna be
installing all the fans of mine mouth
sure surprise Ali with that one galaxy
hey puppy where do you come from
please thing off to the grouch look at
the knight in shining armor there you go
man
I was thinking about putting one of
these pools and so when Ali comes home
just for kind like yeah I put a full in
bed because of the pump too alright so
many awesome toys are the kid now you
can spin tumble bounce roll crawl inside
for hours and fun indoor and outdoor I
don't know if I want to get the juggle
bubble or the wobble by the goat the
global global the global goal they're
not even teaching these kids english i
try to be an adult but i couldn't do it
we're gonna surprise Ali don't tell it
the one rule we had was no bone in the
house and you're breaking the rule get
one rule to measure the tab opening okay
fuji hana half for the actual opening
what does that mean you have a pencil I
told you guys mean in the pencil if
you're not wearing a pencil you don't
need a little fuckin touch it's right
here hi I'm inches Ellen's a dick yeah
see you Bennett are all the dogs out
there or actually behaving yeah I know
yes I dad insert narrow tube into the
wider tube so she said in the desired
2009 joke guys
ahahaha you've got a screw loose honey
look at that car dad yeah joke he gets
yeah but where sin on the rice will
begin to twist the adjuster such garage
will tighten little bears won against
the wall the same lesson I feel like
it's no want to hang out your dad let go
oh boo instructions fuck that sunset is
over I think everyone it's like me
probably exhausted
i'ma like the petal high and try to keep
up with my friends so I'm going to
probably let you guys go Jeff fun and a
great time oh we always have fun
together
let's go in the Attic Tyson up here he
came up here Tyson my god hey oh yeah I
want to be helped your guys my mom's
attic is way cooler crawlspace feet
rolls that's an eye can see pretty scary
up there though you guys see anything
dirty ghost oh wait what I'm very proud
of you bud you weren't supposed to come
up here cuz your leg Marley there you
are hey we did it Johnny oh yeah it was
you're wrong oh yeah that's not good
right they can't hammer it in there sits
a stud right doing hey mrs. stone is a
stub we can hit or have a hammer yo de
buena vista boobies it's going in now
you gotta hear this whole time all right
remember don't tell Ally your dog is
being really rude does the judges to
look every sphere my life we you know
yeah you know what you don't even use
the rack right don't even use a towel
rack if you're gonna be that way hit the
wiper the puppy paws off and something
on the floor she's not impressed you'd
be such a dick are you stuck Alli comes
home tomorrow and I decided to give her
a little surprise so I bought her a
little a little thing came looking for
couches today and I come home with this
oh don't see that tomorrow because you
guys know how he likes playing
basketball I got a little surprised if
it makes you happy the wife are you so
sad here
setting up and as soon as I Lee gets
here we'll be able to like really get
the ball rolling but anyway I'm gonna go
to bed guys I really hope you enjoyed
today's video don't forget to subscribe
because a brand-new and have a wonderful
evening bye guys
you
