hi guys so before you get into watching
this vlog which I filmed last week I am
uploading this on my birthday and
although it is so lovely to get all your
birthday wishes and they really do mean
a lot to me
one of the things I wanted to do this
year was to raise awareness and raise
money for something that I actually
talked about in this vlog and something
that I have talked about for years and
years and that is mental health as you
guys know I'm very open about mental
health and the struggles that I have had
with anxiety and you've all pretty much
been there throughout my journey and
that is why I really wanted today on my
birthday to start a fundraising page for
mind which is a charity that I am the
digital ambassador of if the charity I
hold very dear to my heart because when
I was a teenager and I really struggled
with what was going on inside my brain I
did not understand what was happening I
thought something was seriously wrong
with me I didn't understand that anybody
else could feel the same way I did and
it was very isolating and very confusing
and when I googled anxiety mind was the
first website that came up it was full
of information and it was the first
place I got support for my mental health
and it's a seriously amazing charity
that is putting funding into helping
people get the treatment they need to
speak to people that they might not
necessarily feel they can speak to and
also just raising incredible awareness
for mental health which is something
that I am very very passionate about I
also know that there are so many of you
who also have mental health issues and
I've read thousands of your messages and
I feel like together we can like
absolutely do this raise awareness
donate money but most importantly help
people get the support they really
really need I've set the target quite
high we're aiming big guys we don't have
to try and raise all the money today on
my birthday but today was the day I
wanted to kick start it and if there is
anything you do today
apart from carry on watching this vlog I
would absolutely love for my birthday
present for you to click the link in the
description box go on over to the page
have a little read about the charity
donate as much or as little as you can
and if you can't donate then make sure
you share the page so that somebody else
might then donate or most importantly
somebody else might then hear about mind
and the amazing things they can do and
it could help them in that way I know
that so many of us in this community are
so supportive and really want to make a
change and I know that so many of you
know what it feels like to suffer in
silence to not understand what's going
on and to have a mental health issue and
so for that reason I would absolutely
love if we could all support this and do
this incredible thing for mental health
and for mind the charity I'm gonna be
sharing the page a lot more after this
but I just know that this vlog will go
up on my birthday and that is the same
day that the fundraising page is going
to start you can also text the donate I
will leave the information in the
description box please please please go
and check out do that right now and then
come back and finish watching this vlog
it's a really nice one and I actually
have some kind of mental health news of
my own which i think is really really
fitting with this part of the vlog and
the whole thing that I want to do which
is to raise money and raise awareness
for mental health and more importantly
for mind which is an incredible charity
I'm going to say thank you now in
advance because I just know that you
guys are the most generous supportive
viewers that anyone could ever ask for
and I know that this is a huge thing
that's very close to a lot of your
hearts so yeah thank you so so much and
enjoy the rest of the video good morning
everybody
it is now Wednesday and I haven't
actually picked up this camera since
last week when I did the book shoot
which I've been trying to edit but it
was six and a half hours long
so I'm getting there also my laptop
broke which was really inconvenient and
happened at really the wrong time so I
then had to find my old laptop and like
update all that and like sort that out
so I'm almost done editing math so I
hope you don't mind that there was a bit
more of a gap between my videos this
week I've just had a very very busy week
the start of this week I had my
therapist come down to Brighton I don't
know if I've ever mentioned this before
but the person who I speak to every week
on skype for like the past four years
she comes down to see me face-to-face
about twice a year which I always find
very helpful but it's really long
sessions it's over two days so yesterday
and the day before that's a Monday and
Tuesday and I find it really helpful I
really enjoy it but it is so exhausting
because you're talking about
such complex like mind things for so
long like I actually kind of lose my
voice as well and then in the evenings
me and after you just don't talk to each
other because we've been talking all day
but yeah that is basically what the
start of my week has been so not really
much to film not really much to report
but we do have a very exciting week next
week because we're going to New York so
I'm going to be doing lots of like New
York preparation which I'm sure I will
take you along for the ride with me see
my brain is not working and that is why
I have a therapist now it's just not
working because it's gone to mush okay
I'm in the office as you can see because
I didn't manage to get in the office at
all last week because of the shoot
actually I came in last Monday and then
I had the shoot for the rest of the week
so I've been catching up on lots of work
a bit and sorting out loads of stuff but
now we have these little profs
and we need to fill them hello Missy me
you're gonna go on the sofa a little spa
oh she's
so cute you are so cute so yeah we're
going to nip out and see how many plants
we can get but I think we're going to
need a lot to make any impact Holly do
you have a tape measure oh by the way
Holly Holly is our new office manager I
feel like Alfie's already addressed this
in his log but I haven't actually
addressed this in mind which is very
exciting
I'm just gonna measure the troughs we're
in the plant shop now yeah they're all
real but they don't have any of the
little ones I'm thinking of but they do
have some really amazing massive ones
that I am obsessed with this I want one
of these Holly
okay yeah they don't have as many like a
little fountain e ones these ones are
okay but they're not very like full yay
here we go the finish trough these are
all the plants we just picked up and now
we just have how many more troughs for
more bloody ell but they're getting some
more hanging ones in on Friday so we'll
probably knit back and get some more
windy
Bernays agree man oh my god why am I
gone shy about vlogging in public I
don't want to leave my camera why have I
got the vlogging public sphere you have
been out the house in a week yeah that's
right who I I just worked out without me
that I haven't left the house in a whole
week because the shoot and then so it's
a bit of New York shopping what we're
doing you could always eat Alfie's
already found some stuff about spices in
here because there's all different like
yeah I will try it on we're now upstairs
and I've told Alfie that he has to buy
me a whole outfit
don't show them yet I want it to be a
reveal I'm letting him pick an entire
outfit so top bottoms and shoes okay and
shoes yeah I have to put the whole thing
on I'm a nut bag if you like the back
yeah me I'll pay nah he kill okay girl
we're going home we're now heading home
Alf in his car me in the range we did
actually come in one car but this car
had been in for a service or something
but we put it back shopping is done oh
my god shopping is done and now we're
gonna head home have some dinner and
chill
so cute she's got a little doggie
seatbelt on
safety first honestly boys on their toys
a so do you remember yesterday when
Alfie picked me an outfit that he really
wanted me to wear so we carried on
looking he managed to get some genes in
Topshop this hoodie in Urban Outfitters
and some shoes in vans
now you can go and see my actual
reaction like my initial reaction over
alfie slug but I just thought I'd show
you because yes it looks amazing
here's the outfit like these trousers
look like I've put on like my dad's
trousers Alfie cut them wonky so this
one is longer than the other one
I really like the vans I'm not gonna lie
I think they look great I'm not sure
about the hoodie because it looks like
it's padded on the shoulders I love a
hoodie but this is the weirdest fit the
shoulders are so strange
anyway Alfie said he thinks I look
amazing in this outfit which has given
me such a complex with some like what
must you think when I think I look nice
in my normal outfits that don't look
like this I said I gave him a 5 out of
Alfie and I'm so sad that you think this
outfit let's show them the thong no I
might keep the hoodie it might just Nick
can you see what I mean about the
shoulder because I need to wash it maybe
no I'm sure this forever but this is a
kind of hoodie way just throw it on you
put on a jacket over the top I do like
the back of this in the back no the back
looks sick but it's just maybe we like
to throw on casual outfit outfit I love
the shoes
alphy bought me I love the shoes okay
Alfie has now gone to the office and I
I'm gonna stay here for the morning with
Nala because we've gone yesterday and I
kind of like it so I'm gonna make the
most of it I have taken off my trousers
I'm gonna go and put on a different
outfit now it was not my favorite look
he's ever put together and not gonna lie
I just don't understand the shoulders of
this hoodie I would have really really
liked it if it didn't look like I'd been
bodybuilding in it
I bought quite a few things when I went
shopping yesterday I've got quite a lot
in Urban Outfitters I bought a couple of
things in burst sugar instead of just
packing them straight into my suitcase
because I have done that a few times
before taking something away with me put
it on and I haven't actually liked what
it looks like and thought I should have
tried this on before I packed it so I'll
go do that I also bought two new bras
for members from Victoria's Secret my
god they were expensive one was 59
pounds and one was 49 pounds whoa but I
really like them I do think they are
very nice well-made bras and they feel
so comfortable so yeah I'm happy with
them I've got one on that's what I'm
touching myself I am now gonna try on a
couple of the bits and pieces that I
bought
it is the nicest day today
oh my god it's making me so happy like
look outside that is a sure sign that
spring is on the way I can't wait to be
out here eating my breakfast in the
morning it's gonna be so good I've now
put on a lazy eye kind of cropped high
neck jumper which I really like I am
going to get myself a little snack it
feels like it should be about midday
because I've been awake since half 6:00
but it's actually called past 10:00 I
love when that happens because I almost
feel like I've got loads of the day back
I think I'm gonna have some of the line
cordial because that is my absolute fave
I'm going to try and finish this photo
shoot edit because I really like to get
that today and then I am gonna be
filming in New York what I'm probably
gonna do is film for the whole week and
then edit it and upload it when I get
back just so that I'm not like spending
time there editing you've seen how much
I film I film a lot so editing takes me
a really long time and I don't want to
miss out on anything because I've been
inside editing so that is my plan oh I
think I have a wagon wheel oh my
goodness you guys my vlog is finally
uploading I'm so happy it has been on
what I'm so tired I actually look tired
uploading and editing this blog has been
so hard because and also the vlog before
my laptop just would not say videos it
crashed every time that happened a fair
few times and I had to transfer things
from my old laptop to my new laptop is
not even new its newer but yeah what a
plaza oh my gosh thankfully both laptops
are in working order now so
yet I never really comprehended how much
my laptop not working would Holt Holt
alter how much I could do like I wasn't
really looking at my emails because
nothing was displaying properly
basically everything's coming up like
black boxes and I couldn't adjust the
brightness
I couldn't adjust the volume so no sound
was coming out I couldn't watch videos
on it I can do anything on it and I was
like wow I'm definitely addicted to my
laptop because clearly everything stops
when I can't use it it's all good it's
all going up so if you've not yet seen
that vlog make sure to go and check out
I will have uploaded it before you watch
this one and I really hope you enjoyed
it I know there's a lot of like time
lapses and like it's quite a long vlog
but and I hope you find it interesting
it's just I on days like that it's so
difficult to remember to take my camera
out and I think I did an okay job and I
know that a lot of you don't mind a good
time lapse anyway so yeah hope you liked
it right I'm now going to pack up my
stuff and head to the office put this
hoodie back on because I think I'll feel
really loved that I'm wearing it and it
looks actually it looks fine once I've
got something on top I think I just need
to like pad down these these little
shoulder pads which just came in here
for a way this is my downstairs toilet
by the way I don't know if I've ever
done a little downstairs toilet tour but
this is probably one of my favorite
rooms in the house let me like give you
a little tour we actually had this put
in this didn't exist before the
downstairs toilet was in the dining room
which I personally just think is bloody
awkward if you're having a dinner party
and someone wants to go to the toilet
because who wants to leave the table and
step into a toilet in a dining room like
no one so we had this put here so this
did not exist before and inside we have
banana leaf wallpaper we have these tiny
little like twinkly lights and the
ceilings ceilings like a very dark
gray and then we've got speakers as well
and an air vent wait where the speakers
oh yeah the speakers are actually above
the ceiling then we have the toilet and
then this is the cabinet which is
actually an ikea cabinet this by the way
is the reason I was coming in here so
don't let me forget about this but we'll
ignore that for now
this is actually an ikea cabinet but we
ordered the like new fronts to the
cabinet and then like separate handles
and obviously separate legs and then we
also got a marble worktop and a copper
basin which let me tell you if you want
a copper basin
don't do it because 99% of the time it
will look like this
it's just stained so sad you can get
this off but you have to use like really
like special copper cleaner and
essentially there's no point because
every time you do it it the water just
makes it green again so we do it every
now and then but I've kind of learned to
accept the fact that that will always
not look shiny when we first moved in no
I looked amazing and then we've just got
like a big copper mirror and then these
Tom Dickson pendants which we had to
replace because the bulbs that were put
in when we first moved in we're not the
right bulbs and they actually melted and
then behind kiss and we went for a very
dark gray on like the door and this
cupboard here I always forget we have
this cupboard these are the door handles
we've picked these are kind of
throughout our entire house in different
colors and then we have a little secret
cupboard which we never use for anything
it's got a light in it and everything I
guess it's for just like extra coats and
bits and pieces to be honest I kind of
want to keep knowledge stuff in here
because I feel like it would be very
useful but so now you could plug your
straighteners in we opted for maximum
storage in this house which is why we
have some
we don't even know what to fill with yet
but we have kids in the future who I'm
sure will do that so in keeping space
when we decide to have children but for
now a little secret cupboard and my
downstairs toilet okay and the reason I
actually came in here in the first place
was because on the day of the shoot when
we were doing the Halloween Day me and
Mark thought it would be hilarious to
bring down the scary
what's the clown called it's the clown
from American Horror Story the Freak
what was it called freak show I don't
remember but it was the series where
they were in the tent and there was a
scary clown oh my god what is his name
is on the tip of my tongue you're all
probably screaming it at me right now I
don't remember but Alfie bought this
mask which terrifying and we we put it
up here and then I just went for a wee
and absolutely shocked myself because
this caught my attention in the corner
of the room like I'm not kidding you
look at those eyeballs like is that not
just absolutely hideous I don't know why
we thought that would be funny
clearly no one else did and someone put
it in the corner like nope not having
that so I do need to remember to take
that out of here because it doesn't
quite go with the aesthetic of the room
I am now heading to the office just
realize that I haven't actually sorry I
knew that was gonna happen it's like
silence not like he's gonna vlog but
then everyone's gonna think I'm like
speaking to them I realize I haven't
actually flogged at all in the office
today because I came in and I got stuck
into my long list of things I needed to
do and finally the vlog has gone alive
so I'm very happy about that
thank you for your lovely comments I've
just been replying to some of them
and in a short while I'm gonna go meet
poppy days and we're getting our nails
done because mine have grown up so
quickly grown up they're growing up so
fast
I just need to get them filled in and I
don't know if I want a different color I
quite like this color I feel like it's
quite eastery but also it goes with
everything or I don't know whether to go
for like a mint I'll see when I get
there apparently we've been sending
loads of jelly beans and it's the bean
boozled game you're just doing it now
everyone has to be well looks like we
can't do it now it's not national jelly
bean day we might not be here on day
skunk spray ah moldy cheese no no
where's that fish Oh No
exactly
is the one oh Jesus cried three two one
no that's made Alfie gone Mia Mia come
out this learnt dee-lish the free free
free jolly
I think it's bring on so delish do you
love your nails
you would not believe how late it is
okay okay morning everybody
it's Friday gotta get down on Friday so
I've heard it's a beautiful spring day
again started off raining oh god I'm
such a typical like British person like
always talking about and addressing the
weather I have just filmed a video for
Monday and just had my last like
face-to-face session with my therapist
and now she's heading back home I've
really loved this week and I just really
enjoy my time like chatting with her and
actually it's quite an exciting slightly
terrifying prospect but she was like I'm
not gonna need to speak to you like this
much longer and I was like like it's
obviously an amazing thing and I've
worked so hard for the past four years
to get to this point and I can see where
I've made such huge improvements in my
life and the things that I used to avoid
and I mean I knew there would come a day
where she would say you know there's
really not much more we need to work on
but that day has come and I will still
speak to her oh sorry now you're walking
a little bit closer to me there I just
boosted her in my head is back my foot
there will still be things we can talk
about for like the close future I mean
I'm always going to find something to
talk to her about just because I think
it's great to have that person to talk
to whether that's about something really
big like mental health or whether that's
like a particular issue that you're
struggling where they just I think it's
really helpful so I'll probably still
speak to her about situational things
and like work and a bit more kind of
like mind management but the anxiety
thing it's kind of coming to an end
which I'm really happy about and I'm
very excited that I can share that with
you because obviously right I'm shutting
this door now because obviously this
journey with me
let that be a little bit of Friday
motivation for you if you work really
hard at something that you want to
change in your life even though it feels
like the end is never in sight it is and
it creeps up on you so much quicker than
you think and then you just feel so
proud that you've got to this point so
yeah that's my little bit of Friday
happiness wave Ralphy he's jumped in the
shower but we're gonna be nipping into
the office I've been summoned but yeah
we're heading in got my laptop gonna do
a little bit work catch up with the guys
and it's the last day we're gonna be in
the office before we head to New York
let me show you that was close
nearly dropped let me show you today's
outfit we have huge 50 millimeter hoops
from ASOS this denim jacket I don't know
how I'm gonna be able to show you the
back there we go girl gang and then I
have this dress on which has lasted me a
very long time I just can't bear to part
with it even though like there's threads
coming off it in everything this is like
a very dark forest green three-quarter
length
actually that's not 3/4 length what's
that like 1/4 length just tight kind of
figure hugging bodycon dress type thing
it's very warm though I really like it
and then my meaner how do you pronounce
this meaner Parikh Amina I'm butchering
that but these are my rose gold high
tops with the bunny ears I love them
some of the most comfortable trainers
iPhone and I will try and find a link to
those I bought them
but I do feel like they're a permanent
fixture to her range so if there's still
some available I try and find them in
link below with guy
Nonna's not really a fan of the lift or
sits on my shoes no yeah no she likes
I just I wasn't filming cuz I was not
expecting this at all but look good guys
and this cake looks in save ha and I
think this is red velvet and we've got
11 oh my god
we've got Dax eat cake donut a massive
cronut cake balloons oh my god these are
so cool I feel really overwhelmed
have to scream
we've taken slices out this layer was
red velvet this one was lemon and this
one was pineapple I'm now back of
somehow climbed into bed but I just I'm
having like a nice chilled evening now I
so was not expecting to walk into the
office and be surprised by like everyone
being there it was so nice and obviously
they're people I work with in C all the
time everyone was in one place and that
doesn't happen too much because like
everyone's often doing things all the
time so for all of us to be in the
office was so much fun and then a
Mandarin Nick and poppy and Shawn were
there as well which was lovely it was
just so so nice I'm so lucky that I get
to work with such amazing people who are
so kind and caring and thoughtful I just
love it I just feel like the luckiest
person in the world so yeah thank you to
everybody who was there today I love you
all a lot and I now kind of want to
watch some YouTube videos and eat a bit
of cake there's a lot of cake to go
around so yeah I feel like now the next
time you see me we'll be a New York vlog
so I hope you guys are really excited
for that and I will see you very soon
