hello today marks the second of Sep
women oh yeah the second February oh my
gosh we are heading to the new office
it's currently being like what a village
in time for us to get in there this
month crazy so we're gonna go over there
have a look at the progress because
that's always very exciting and I feel
like everyone likes it before and after
you see so many designs and we've been
choosing so many different things but
seeing it is gonna be like yeah
especially because something like your
standard low ceiling blue carpet office
seeing what can actually be done to that
and how it can be made to look so
different people watching yeah you have
office spaces that they don't well did
not think I could do that to mine
because we've been to the office
obviously a lot before but just not
since the work started yeah so this is
the first time we're gonna see it when
the works already begun on it and then
there's like only a couple of weeks
until we're actually in there but you
like ready for it
like are you prepared do we need to pack
we need to pack stuff not too much yeah
I'm sweating laptops I'm keeping all my
creative life oh my but the net score
studio in the new office maybe I'm not
but we're just gonna share camera
equipment together yeah because we've
got one time I'm gonna be so weird
working with Alfie because I think our
teams will be together I think I said
this in my vlog but me and Alfie keep
our work although we like help each
other and we both work in the same like
industry
we do keep what we do very separate most
of the time I think we have to do
otherwise we would catch other yeah
working together and also home but we're
about to work together teams working
together as well
I think our teams are excited about that
107 because they'll have no work
together but not physically together
yeah it's gonna be really unlike I've
never worked out of wherever I've live
you've never had an office out of the
house hey it's so much better because
then when you go home you're home no I
don't have that as work if I'll still be
filming videos here so that's like
technically yeah but that's just you and
if you ever have like members of your
team in the house yeah that's just the
house yeah big change
I'm more than ready when someone's
ringing me I love that smell of like
fresh paint Wow
but somehow we've ended up in welcome on
where I'm not sure how that's happened
just somehow look how good these salted
edamame beans a like look at that how
good on a scale of 1 to terminal hole so
hot so good how do you feel about the
office just coming together yeah
when the rooms empty there's more to get
engage with the sizes are amazing thank
you thank you
sighs bet ya now we've got the rooms and
stuff into they're so big it feels
bigger
like obviously we've like seen all the
plans like implemented some ideas we've
got like a little like studio in the
middle where we can take like photos and
I imagine but when you actually walk in
and see it and like the actual space
with mid size do you yeah it's like so
much so much bigger
uh please try laying a new drink new
sake smells good
what we're not good putting it tastes
like
that's really young I could drink a lot
of that
that is delicious good morning everybody
it is what's the day today Tuesday
Tuesday the sick and I am about to head
off to a meeting it looks like Alfie's
in bed he has actually been up he's been
to the gym arms dead
there's my first personal training
session I was gonna said this year don't
think I'd wanna offer either no yeah how
was it good I'm just gonna pay for it
I'm glad I'm already paying for it let
alone tomorrow I have a strategy meeting
today with the licensee license key
companies that license all that make my
products and the teams that I always
have meetings with about my products
this is generally the biggest meeting of
the whole year this is where we all come
together we all get around the table I
think actually today there's a technical
guy coming as well who works on like the
formulations of products a lot more
sciency than my knowledge of products
but that's why it's great to have him
there and basically all my team and all
their team and we discuss products we
want to release new formulations that
we're thinking about any other themes or
sense it's basically where we all kind
of throw our ideas out onto a table it's
generally one of the more kind of
exciting meetings that you leave feeling
quite motivated for and of course I'm
gonna film it I don't actually know how
much of this I can film because I'm not
sure how like as you know yeah I'll
obviously put things in that everyone's
happy for me to share but I don't want
to be like releasing like private
information or like secret product
launches that might not come out for
like three years or something but we'll
see how it goes I'm very excited by
Alfie I love you see you later this is
my outfit so I've got this top on it
says girl power
I then have my leopard print blazer
these trousers which I actually really
like they're very smart and they're a
little bit more like tailored these are
from Zara
they're also gray I don't normally wear
grey trousers and then these boots which
are my burgundy and marbled heel faith
ones and then this is my Alexander
McQueen handbag I needed a bigger
handbag today I want you to roll that
sleeve up so I don't get to use this
much because it's huge but it's one of
those days where I've got like notebooks
pens laptop chargers camera charges
extra batteries it's all in there so
yeah let's go right at the meeting we're
in like me biggest room I almost want to
like pan out so you see how big is
getting a little cup of tea heads on oh
oh there you go you've got it so we're
in this huge room in the ground that is
how far in advance all this stuff is
done like we're already going to be
looking at 2019 it's going to be 29 then
I do that in every meeting I'm like guys
I'm gonna be 29
I always think we're ahead of where we
actually are
like I've been saying I'm 28 for like I
know yeah because 2018 has been forever
already
whoo-hoo but that's my butt freeze
absolutely kick butt everyone today Mars
but you're looking I love this what do
you want talk about sorry Vincent
that's no true fragrance it's such a key
tribe it's absolutely critical together
you get the frame it's right actually go
down the aisles and then you return
around the other end there's areas at
the end of those aisles power wing so
well I didn't know it's all we call it
with tough moments tough moments all
around you know and none of us really
want to go through those again but we
will absolutely committed to making it
fun and successful and do the things
that we enjoy because the end of the day
we all enjoy there so hi I enjoy going
and selling your brand and all of us do
you know we all enjoy seeing it in store
and we see enjoy seeing the fans
response to it so we need to get back to
back and you kind of yeah have learned
the lessons that were hard to learn but
you know what doesn't kill you makes you
stronger guide in the words of Kenny car
ready for the snow there's no need to
chanting who'd get to see them out of it
change
gadding but people love it that's good
this bar is famous it's one of your most
loved products that's not home so it's
right to attain it
but again yeah fundamentally the
technology choices like a child would
you use that up quicker than now not
necessarily not necessarily depends that
depends really depends how much they've
got in there as well no I'm not gonna
embarrass me
oh yeah maybe Meg said no you need a
bubble bar and I was like oh yes scoop a
deeper way is that like no it's not in
here so for me I think these are like
the best bubbles in the world likes
Cooper duper makes the best bubbles ever
and obviously you can use soap opera to
pour into the bath as well and use as a
shower gel but I think it would be so
cool to formulate a product that really
emphases like bubbles yeah because
scooper duper you didn't know that that
was actually it makes the most
attainable yes story like my own little
like pictures in the bar but but to have
a product that we are focusing solely on
bubbles I think would be effective
oh it's just a cold bubble bath on -
yeah like super bubbly bubble super
bubbly yeah all the weather we can even
put something in the population that
makes it even like I don't know from a
technical point of view it's all about I
think with the issue when you talk about
matter bubbles is get to a point when
collage so you want to get that balance
right when we do we do that we use and
multiple sub atoms to give it lots of
bubbles
nothing clever be you don't want to come
out of the bath and be dry
wiggity nailed with that yeah even
though if you'd actually need to add
more bubbles because it is so great it
might just go to be nourished and it
also communication plane which is what I
think we can hear little tweaks would
just make such a big difference for man
working with many parties to do shows
your bar so maybe you don't week so it's
gonna last a lot longer
is the 50ml the size of the hand creams
coming out in Christmas yeah yeah I like
those I do think this is the sort of
product we're having like three small at
mainly would be so nice
I'm like yeah and I don't think many
people would stick to just picking one
personally I think maybe that cytokines
by multiple at that size yeah maybe
because I know that's one of those yeah
another thing we were talking about was
having the classic products as more of a
like travels like a constant travel size
you know maybe it's something that goes
in with that like till point kind of
like mini always buy travel sizes and I
rarely traveled yeah I know I just love
minis yeah we know we've got three
extracts in there we've got sugar -
minion
and they extract a summary stories
always being an option with that retains
the lace instantly thinking lose the leg
yeah oh really who likes the lace you do
I think this looks more yet leaner and
more in a modern people you've lost what
we've done here is we've removed the
turquoise but here we caught some
turquoise back into it and I think it's
probably not the kind of thing you can
decide on paper yeah you'd want it yeah
I think so and actually you know some
people have said oh I think it really
needs it to pop out and other people
have said oh it's too busy I'm here so I
think we need to put it which one are
you drawn to the green is a more of a
nod to the original joke because in it
then it's kind of like still more of a
continuation less kind of complete loss
of we started with yeah rose gold yeah
yeah which is keeping the bracelet yeah
he's gonna say you can't change the rose
gold on the classic and coins chips
I thought you thing like polenta balls
yeah things that can be planted into
pools we were going on with the tea bags
and the milk so it's like a bit more of
a like a concoction yeah I think for me
it was mostly going apply everyone's
huge love of tutti frutti you know still
people talk about yeah fruit in product
yeah my big summer thing yeah especially
around this time of like the time of
year that it comes out in the yeah don't
know whether I would go down the more
photographic route I think I prefer the
latest recruit illustrators parade I
really quite like how they've done this
and you've got a really simple design
but you're taking the color
correct yeah I like that the product is
the color of their yeah the fruit yeah
yeah okay watermelon yeah those my
favorite how do you see the range being
so if we're having multiple different
mmm fries how would that work across all
the different products would you then
just choose which one you wanted to have
the apricot scent and which one would
work better as a yeah I think we could
know that from the fragrance of this
place is quite a cottage it's a really
it'd be simple in terms of execution
once we get it but it's then the fun
pies taking the fragrance and thinking
out should that be gracing that
something the first thing is to nail the
fragrance yeah from up what you can go a
really one of watermelon sorbet that
would work really well as a sorbet and
then we can start to build the line this
do we
I think with the whole range yeah it's
gonna be connected I guess with more of
like the shower and body product it can
be that more like this mass of an owner
and this smells of like a college odors
but then a miss that's like where you
are sorry Jimmy
yeah I don't feel like this would be
everyone's cup of tea it's very like
expensive
yeah it's kind of like what you smell
like after you've had a massage like a
professional massage stuff that makes
you feel sleepy
that's like don't worry about fragrance
yeah yeah I can't remember where we got
to at the base message I think it just I
think it was just a bit tighter yeah
yeah
anyway step clicky and they can my
little metallic as well
oh yeah that's so nice and I love like
paint stroke like this you the highlight
we have they've got the balls of
training exercise but they might be just
what you want but when you read what's
written on teller you'll take the
understand but you think they need to be
a bit too big and I like the idea of
exploring different like textures for
packaging so I like this paper bag and I
really like the cardboard tube yes this
is an STD it's more of a bronze than a
witch I think it's like I don't think
we've really done a bit of it does it
run yeah not now but maybe in a couple
of months spend this time as we're going
through design thinking about what
products you might want to put it yeah
yeah what innovation you want to bring
in that Jeff can support with and then
we build that line list from scratch
together
yes everybody was like when was the
early it was July yeah July was because
we were taking pictures all the
Christmas stamp and July meeting
finished how do you think it went guys
you can have to get used to this camera
yeah I think it might take a while
people to get used to the fact I'm
filming these meetings where are you off
to all the loo okay perfect
see you later hello boyfriend how's your
day been good I like your little smart
trousers we were inspired by my smart
style today we've both got smart
grousers you would think right it's the
corner of my camera that's what I like
yes you're like a little bit under a
plant do it like really there okay sing
the birds
it's okay Nala you'll never be able to
demon you're never gonna get a furnace
gone
yes I'm home now meeting is done
actually didn't last as long as I
thought it was gonna last bit where
smoothly having what you've done today
when went my Missy stop barking had my
first PT session this year in the gym
and my trainer then I came back here had
a 10-minute phone call somebody
there was picture me a new app idea to
invest in their sound good yes honey
cool sunny cool then I had an hour phone
call with somebody gardens workshop
business he stole then I had five
scrambled eggs with some salt pepper
Wow did she's from within like I
scramble them good then I jumped on
phone call to accountant for an hour
then I what did i do then are they just
you convinced well maybe joke then I
don't know why
yeah but with my creative producer and
then now I just finish it in the blog
what a day give me some I need you know
that's what I said no I was like guys
next time we have a meeting like this we
can have it did you see my email I just
confirm rose and new stuff the office
and great news what I was gonna say we
need to get back to that email that I've
applied oh did you make some did you
make some choices creative choices about
me yeah didn't we discuss that I was the
creative
yes but they we had to get back to them
and your meeting wasn't gonna finish
till 6 p.m.
okay well I trust that you made the
right decision I said no built-in solos
oh I would have said I would have said
it's not any voice uploaded that raw a
five-hour meeting I don't really know
how I'm gonna edit it I guess is take
bits from it that I think people would
find interesting for the meeting
mm-hmm because five hours of footage
just time-lapse that so because I want
people to be an owner feel like that in
the meeting so I was like
tiny back around like on people a dog
don't laugh wife is on the edge we do it
do you have a sometimes think she looks
like she's better than us she thinks she
is better than us you look uh-oh
hurry this one but when you shower my
office now I've had a PA box delivery
look at this I need to go through it all
but it looks very exciting this in
particular is so cool look at that
Rouge Edition velvet liquid lipstick ah
love liquid lipsticks and I assume this
is like every single color that
bourgeois does so go anyway I don't
actually have time to go through this
right now so I'm sorry that that was a
little bit of a tease as you know we put
out the job descriptions for people to
apply for one was the social media
manager role and one was the
photographer creative person designer
and we've had in how many days has this
been up yeah so just under a week we've
had it up for six days and we've had
around seven to eight hundred
applications
it's a lot of applications and there are
so many amazing people I have so many
flagged and obviously that is a lot of
job descriptions to be reading through
so myself and carry my assistant have
been going through these for the past
six days but I feel like this vlog is
gonna be lacking somewhat this like week
because I've pretty much been working on
something I can't talk about yet
although I have been filming that so you
will see bits of this week soon but not
this week so I've been working on
something that is taking up a lot of my
time I'd love for you to guess what you
think it might be and also just reading
CV after CV after CV and not just seeing
these cover letters and looking at
examples of work and actually that just
that takes a lot of time but I have
found it so interesting there are so
many amazing people out there like all
over the world who are so creative with
their CDs and with the applications but
also there are some that like there are
some people that are applying for a
photography role with no examples of
photography and I'm just like oh put any
of your like creativity into the
application like I mean personally I
don't remember the last time I wrote a
CV but yeah it's been so interesting
even in the last hour we've had 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 9
we've had nine in the last hour I like
to try and go to bed with none in like
unread ones I need to narrow it down
because in like 800 applicants
of course there's people that I'm like
you'd be perfect I'm starting to worry
that I'm like I'm gonna end up hiring
like eight social media managers and 10
photographers we're gonna go read some
more job
applications in the bar I'm gonna tie up
my hair maybe do a face mask and chill
lit some candles
and the platform I am gonna use is
Russia's sex on bath bomb which is my
favorite lush platform actually the
classic but it's goodie
doodoo didn't do them you didn't do them
hello oh you can so nearly see your bum
I'm going down on the angle oh now it's
nearly pitch-black
Oh what is that you've got a bloody tail
that's not normal
you got a tail oh you just
