oh my god it's so dark I can't see hello
everybody and welcome to vlogmas day 6
it is 6:30 in the morning I am awake
because I have to edit a lot today I'm
filming and editing because I'm doing
two videos a day means you need a lot of
content and you need to edit a lot so
I've got a few more bits on a film um
although it is quite hard work I really
really enjoy it and it makes me so happy
oh that you guys enjoy it as well well
because if you didn't I wouldn't have
done it again
get another ugly dog is like that is
just
hello good morning
I bet she's like why are you getting me
up the light's not up its morning time
no you come oh she's too tired
she got got it you too tired
I can't even see if she's actually going
to the toilet is that dark outside today
I quite like when the mornings are dark
because it's really cozy I dunno
keys here yo are you done you wanna come
back in your name good girl
you want a cheat
now down down you girl
look who else we've got to stay today
hello mister hello are you lived in your
poor what you do in you tired Nala ah
you come to stay with me today Robin you
you you you said hello to everybody so
you
this is buzz um for any of you that
don't know where have you been for two
years this is knowledge brother yeah
what is it
busy
you going upstairs we doing upstairs
buzzy you come in Ohio come on then I'm
gonna go and get ready
look at me I look estate although
wrecking the PB March Alfie and his firm
have actually gone to a funeral today
which is really sad which is why I have
buzz booth just standing there and I've
been editing all morning so now I'm
going to go upstairs wash my hair and
prepare to film a video I am going to be
filming my kind of everyday winter
makeup routine and then I'm going to be
filming a festive drinks video which I'm
really excited to do so you can come
with me while I get ready I've also had
home alone - on the TV whilst I've been
editing I love that film looks like
we've had a pa box delivery what is it
we can open that later all I need to do
my advent calendar okay let's do this
number six go little snow globe number
one it's down here ah that was a number
one oh is this a little dog bed from the
three some cats
oh hey number four I'm not sure what
this is oh it's just a chair always
trying to overcomplicate things on oh
there we go
five goodness this looks confusing I
need to make this
candles on there
there we go then number six number six
is the little daddy there we go my
children's advent calendar is coming
along nicely well let's see what's in
today's draw on penguin calendar up here
Oh what oh it's a candle a little
pinecone candle cute
you
so as you saw I was filming a video for
this makeup look which is basically my
everyday like winter makeup look and it
just was not going right I was hating it
I don't know what happened it was like I
hated my skin I hated what it looked
like on the camera I hated how the
makeup looked on the camera I don't know
like right now it looks fine on this
camera but when you have like all these
lights on like a really good camera you
can see like everything and it was weird
it was like the foundation wouldn't sink
in properly like everything was smearing
around my face and I was like what is
happening this ain't going how I thought
it was going to go so I just gave up and
I just stopped filming it which is fine
it doesn't happen that often that I'm
filming a video and I'm like actually I
don't like this but when it's makeup
videos I'm really like not fussy but I
think I'm quite particular with what it
looks like because I'm quite aware I'm
not an expert when it comes to makeup
tutorials there is so many amazing
youtubers there is there are so many
amazing youtubers who can do like all
these amazing looks and actually give
you tips and actually show you how to
properly do it I'm just guessing and
sometimes I'm like oh this isn't very
good and this is awful and today was one
of those days so I'm just going to have
to redo it another time I'm not under
any rush for it it's one that's going up
like literally the week of Christmas but
I was just trying to be organized and
get it done but today ain't the day and
if it's not working don't do it because
you're never going to like the video um
it's not very often that after I'm
something and not like it and then not
upload it like most of the time I'm
quite happy with things that I make but
when things like this happen it's just
not worth it so instead of stressing
myself out trying to like blend my
concealer into my face I just thought
you know what I'm gonna
something else instead because the
makeup was not looking good I don't know
if it's the lights my skin the
moisturizer I use I have no idea but it
looks fine now
apart from my massive bags it's also
getting really dark so as I was filming
the video it was getting darker and
darker and I was really aware of it like
this is like the worst time to film
basically just don't film a video
between two and like 4:30 because the
light is just like forever changing for
any of you that are interested this is
generally my setup these are little like
1x1 Manfrotto lights and then this is
the camera that I use it's a Canon 70d
with a flip out screen and then this is
just a microphone that plugs in so you
don't need any batteries for it which is
amazing because the amount of times the
batteries have run out and I haven't
realized until afterwards
I think this is a rode mic yeah so
that's Road mic tripod is also Manfrotto
and these lights are Manfrotto did I say
that already yeah I think I did they're
the spectra one by one and I quite like
these because you can adjust the
temperature so that's really warm that's
really bright I generally have them
somewhere in between and then you can
also adjust how strong you want them
yeah
so that's my little setup for any of you
that were wondering normally the setup
works today though I just wanted to
smash it I'm joking I'm not an
aggressive person but it was quite
annoying also I'm where these youtubers
that kind of dresses for the occasion
above but I say quite cash from the
waist down but ok so there we go one
not done but I am now going to start on
another one and see if that goes any
better currently filming my next video
which is a festive quick and easy drinks
so you'll be seeing that Friday I think
all being well we've got I'll give you a
sneaky peek we've got some white mint
hot chocolates some ginger and cranberry
like mocktails and I'm just about to
finish a kind of cranberry and pineapple
punch which is like an alternative to
mulled wine cuz I don't drink alcohol
but I love the idea of mulled wine and I
love all the spices in it so that's what
this is it's kind of like a mulled wine
alternative for people that don't drink
alcohol look at it oh it's simmering
away nicely it smells so good mmm
see ya coming to youtube.com/watch
zoella o Friday
Alfie and his family are on their way
back now and I've been instructed to put
the leads on the dogs so buzzers got his
harness on and I'm trying to put Nala
saunas on because she's going back to
stay at a Mandarin Nick's
tonight because we're getting up very
early to go to a Christmas party
tomorrow but does anyone else's dog do
this come here
are you going to let me put this on you
oh sit bit me do me tell my lamb come
here sit good boy buzz Nala cut up come
here
now sit sit Nala sit
let me put oh oh I know you're ready
you're ready buzzy let me put this on
you am I gonna have to good go one foot
two foot every single time she does that
you run away yes yeah oh yes yes you're
so much stronger than allah he pushed me
you pushed me buzzy yes let me come in
if let me come in now he's gonna look
he's like howling
he thought Nala was needy towards me you
should see what buzzes like this is what
he's like now because I said mommy's
coming in a minute buzzy in a minute
not yet how many of your dogs are now
barking at your laptop or your TV I'm
sorry
the dogs have gone and it's so weird
being here without knowledge ear when
I'm on my own like Alfie's just popped
out as well to go and do something which
apparently is a secret but he won't tell
me what it is so I'm assuming it's
either to do with my Christmas present
or an Advent present I have no idea he
won't tell me so I'm here on my own and
it's weird being here on my own
out a dog like I don't like it just now
I was like oh I want to cuddle Nala wait
she's not here anyway well I actually
turned my camera on to do was show you
this photo so there's this hashtag on
Twitter at the moment I think it's I
don't know I saw it yesterday but I was
like oh I want to join in on this
it's a hashtag 2006 versus 2016 so
basically showing how much you've
changed in 10 years and this is mine oh
my god I used to cut my own hair I mean
you can probably tell because of that
like beefy side fringe and like thin
layers but I used to cut my own hair but
I've put more blonde and more eyebrow
because that eyebrow is pretty much
non-existent
I had no eyebrows there you go that's my
2006 vs. 2016 picture what slightly more
mental than that is I know there's
people that watch my videos who weren't
even born in 2006 and I've seen other
people posting them and they're
literally babies I'm like oh my god I
feel so old
in fact like I had a moment I had a
moment the other day where I woke up you
know when you first wake up I feel like
that's when you have your like purest
realest thoughts when you're like awake
but asleep but sort of lying there well
for me anyway that's when I'm like
thinking deep that's when I remember the
things that I've forgotten I thought to
myself holy crap in March I'm turning 27
now don't get me wrong I know there's
also people that watch these videos that
27 and over and I'm not saying that's
old it's just I don't know how what's
happened every year is my birthday I'm
like yeah I'm 24 and 25 um 26 now I'm
like oh my bottom 27 in March I just
don't feel 27 like I don't look 27 I
don't feel 27 I mean I know they always
say you're as old as you feel
but if that
with me I would be like still 21 I've
never freaked out about my age before
ever
apart from thinking about me being 27
and then realizing that's actually like
a fully-fledged adult and yes I do add
up things I pay bills I have a dog I
have responsibilities I have a career I
have at home I have a mortgage like I
know I have adult responsibilities but
it just doesn't ever really sink in
until I think like I'm gonna be 27 I
know I keep saying it but I'm like what
I don't know especially because I know
I've been doing this since I was 19 at
what age if you're watching this and
you're slightly older at what age did
you go oh my god I'm turning that age
because for me it's been 27 up until
this age I've never cared about my
birthday or how old I was on my birthday
obviously I've cared about my birthday
but I've never cared about the age I'm
turning on my birthday but like 27
that's like that's how old my mum was
when she had me
oh and no there's no babies on the cards
quite yet so don't get carried away I'm
an adult does that mean I have to start
being like more mature and does that
mean I can't like sing really loud in
the car and like does that mean I can't
laugh at really inappropriate things I
don't know I don't think so it's an age
weird
I've been munching at these which one of
these is your face I like these ones -
strawberry creams I also like the orange
creams and the coffee creams
these are my three fave yum mmm right
I'm gonna treat myself to a bath if
Alfie's not here and now is not here I
can have an undisturbed peaceful bar I
might read or I'm gonna catch up on oh
my god it's like I'm walking into the
abyss my god yeah or I'm actually gonna
have a little catch-up
session on everyone else's vlog mess
because so far this year I've seen like
nothing of anyone's vlogs and blog miss
is just the best thing ever and I love I
love blogs and I love Christmas so when
the two combine it's like the best
content there ever was so I'm gonna
catch up on everyone's progress I say
everyone I mean I couldn't possibly
catch it when everyone wrote mess but
the people that I know or the people
whose gloves are really enjoying what
things I'd like to know actually which
people you love to watch at vlogmas
because i feel like everyone has at
least like three or four that they will
like religiously watch so yeah let me
know in the comments who you get excited
to watch at vlogmas i really like this
little corner of my room upstairs
i'm just going to show it to you cuz i
just think it looks cute so it's my
bookshelf oh look Simon Nick down there
poking out it's just on top of my
bookshelf but I don't know I really like
it so it's my little fawn I've had this
for a while
a little succulent that seen better days
I have to say it says hooray
would you like to have an adventure now
or would you like to have your two first
I think that three cute it's Peter Pan
and then I've got all my fragrances my
big ones or my miss yeah thank you
and then this which says you're braver
than you know and that's so true
and then this which is a molten Brown
rhubarb candle I think that's the
rhubarb one yeah is delicious rhubarb
and Rose smells so good but I kept
losing the wick every time I melt this
candle the wicks just disappears I have
to hook them out oh my god I can't even
explain what just happened I thought I
had neither running up those stairs and
her light
little like breathing but she's not here
so I don't know whether I've got a
sinking feeling because I thought an
Oliver Terry she isn't all because I
just had someone breathing and there's
no one in my house okay I'm just like
properly like creeps myself out I think
I'm gonna have a is a lot of beauty bath
tonight
so I am gonna go through get some bits
out me pamper hamper I haven't used
these yet so I'm going to use the
gingerbread bath salts and the
gingerbread bath is a yeah oh and the
shower glaze actually I'm going to go
all out and me show up again there we go
yeah I'm gonna smell well and truly
delicious before bed
Oh
don't feel like you have to empty the
entire sachet of bath salts into your
party that I'm just being extremely like
generous
with mine but also just an FYI I believe
the pamper camper is only 45 pounds
until I want to say the 13 maybe and
that's available in super drugs so it's
only 45 pounds until the 13th if you
want it or you want to get it for
someone for Christmas then just an FYI
as well as the things I've just shown
you also get the cream a little makeup
bag that you can only get in the camper
hamper and this which honestly is my
Savior and has been since like July
which is when obviously I got to like
start using it so yes that's everything
you get and then you get to eat the
little basket so I'm gonna put more
products in here once I've finished just
got out the bath and I am wearing the
pajamas that I bought for me and tan
because if you're new to vlogmas or me
and tan then you might not know that
every year we buy each other
robin pajamas it's been a tradition for
a really long time so this year these
are the ones I got us it's got a really
furry hood which I love and then the
Robin on here it says tweet dreams and
then really soft robin bottoms i love
them i feel like the hood makes me feel
like I'm like a member of East 17 I need
to be like singing stay another day I
love it though it's like so cozy I need
to pack for tomorrow so what I got to do
is find my little suitcase which is
probably in here yep
there it is please be empty please be
empty please be empty oh I think it's
empty
yes nothing worse than going to a
suitcase and realizing you never
unpacked
just me okay we are going to our annual
green Christmas party tomorrow which I'm
very excited about however it's a bloody
long way away I think it's going to take
us about four hours to get there
so me Alfie Shawn and poppy are all
traveling together but nonetheless
I am very excited
makeup is off and bag is packed so I'm
happy about it I think you're going to
end the vlog here guys because I'm
really tired and I'm just watching
videos you may have noticed in my last
time lapse I was watching an old vlog of
Mia Marc I do watch our videos back
purely because they just make me so
happy and they make me laugh and it's
like a video diary of like the best days
so like when I'm getting ready or when
like obviously when I'm doing something
like packing I like having them all in
the background because it's like oh my
god yeah when we did that oh my god that
was so funny it's quite nice I really
hope you have enjoyed the video today
give it a thumbs up if you have and I
will see you again tomorrow
