good morning everybody I am so snotty
today I am really not feeling my best oh
yeah Sean's woken up really l George oh
gosh I've got the drag left papi wants
one from the car yeah so my throat is an
eyesore it was this morning it's not now
but I'm just very snotty now so
hopefully I don't know this is a very
kind of three day or five day quick cold
we are going to head out to let me put
my blushes on Sean stay in here Sean's
not coming four o'clock my video editor
and we are heading out to get the
cupcakes that we ordered yesterday
because they were all sold out so we
were like all we put some buy for us
today so that's what we're doing where
have you got where have they gone right
on
I just left me see you later Sean we've
got the cupcakes I mean some things I've
ever seen they are I mean look at that
oh my god they look amazing the place we
got these is cookies bakery oh my god
this bear oh my god should we look up
what ones they are yeah she put they
gave yeah it looks so good
look at that one with like a huge like
toffee on the I feel like we need to cut
them all in half and then I try a bit of
everyone so we've got we've got picnic
pins I'm guessing that's that one hmm
strawberry bow there yep hot lemon
meringue death-row this one some of each
Sunday that one yeah summertime
cheesecake oh yeah
Oh laughs yeah summer holiday Oh what's
in summer holiday coconut fund made of
gluten-free flour that must be this one
and black bottom chocolate chip sponge
ate banana cheesecake topped with cream
frosting
oh maybe it's that one because that
looks to total raspberry and white
chocolate that must all that must be
that one I reckon Oh sticky toffee
pudding no yeah all that pregnancies not
caramel oh yeah yeah yeah
carrot cake yeah all shook up banana
sponge made Karen want peanut butter
frosting yeah it must be that one or
that one you know is that all of them
yeah we need like let's get them out
yeah so we've tried some cupcakes and I
have to say there's some of the best
cupcakes I have ever had in my entire
life
so if you live in Edinburgh or you're
visiting Edinburgh make sure you go to
cookies cupcakes
on Dundas Street I think it's like one
five six or one three six Dundas Street
oh my god so good now like muffins
they're not even like cupcakes a huge
I've come for a lie down because I feel
very ill and I don't know just a bit
more I feel like a lot of youtubers have
talked about like privacy and whether or
not a to wait outside where people are
staying all their houses so I'm not even
going to talk about it because it's just
I don't know common sense really but I
do want to just thank everyone who may
know where we've stayed but I've chosen
not to stand outside because from the
perspective of somebody who feels
anxious in situations where they feel
trapped
it feels so uncomfortable
and it's not that I dislike anyone that
stands outside because obviously I don't
I love everybody that watches my videos
but just from a personal perspective it
makes me feel so uncomfortable and just
very trapped I know that they're only
doing it out of love I know that it's
not vicious and I know that they don't
make mean to make me feel anxious but my
whole anxiety is around that feeling of
feeling trapped and it doesn't make me
have a panic attack I'm not saying like
it's terrifying it just makes me feel a
little bit uncomfortable and a little
bit like I can't relax where I am and I
struggle to do that anyway I'm very much
a home comforts person so when we come
away it's like wherever we're staying
needs to feel comfortable for me and
then the minute people wait outside it's
all of a sudden just not comfortable but
um I just want to thank those of you
that respect that I think because you
don't get enough recognition the people
that don't do it the people that don't
do it that could do it and I love you so
I just want to say thank you for that
because it really does mean so much to
me and I really really appreciate that
more than I could ever ever explain and
yeah so thanks is actually like a really
rare sunny day in Edinburgh and I'm now
lying in bed no I feel like my nose is
the tap and my eyes are just constantly
streaming but at least my throat doesn't
hurt anymore we really wanted to go to
the camera obscura which is the oh
what's it called optical illusions place
because I've seen a couple of people who
have been who've been there lots of
people are recommended for us to go so I
think we might go there in a couple of
hours and then we're going to the
Military Tattoo tonight which I'm so
excited about it's apparently very very
rare to get tickets and it's the last
show tonight so I think it's going to be
really good my mum actually came to
Edinburgh last week and she said it was
the best thing ever so I'm really really
excited for that and any one of you guys
that we've met around town has said that
it's really good to go to so yeah I'm
really excited Poppy's now joined me in
my sickbed
it's amazing I feel like because we've
been exploring like hardcore for like
three days
like that's a quite tiring walking
around all day I mean it's tiring for me
cuz I don't do any exercise
remember we ballin' late nights nvidia
yeah that's true I've been up at 7:00
every morning here and what is your why
oh we're just looking at the camera
obscura to see when would be a good time
to go and how much it costs and whether
you need to book and then maybe we'll
have enough mm-hmm
Poppy's half with that oh it was he go
 yourself yo I saw oh you still get
funky jamming between your toes what it
looks like Shawn is visiting you in bed
78 oh please nice racist because I'm an
athlete main evidently white so I need a
map oh why my house is I doubt what Rafi
what does that mean okay Jeanette
38:30 yay yay oh yay I'm serious I'm
serious look at me let me guys are we
stopping serious camera oh come on let's
go maybe 300 we are now in a camera gear
like it boiling gloves on I bet these
are gonna fit my hands oh my god Hey
we've gotta go this way what is that
ways not oh my god this is so trippy
okay yeah you're good you're good
I'm holding onto your bag wait pop we
can go through here
night MERIS don't lose me Oh 9sj wait
yeah you're real I'll see you in real
life this way I'll feel you real got you
oh whoa
I promise you my times oh no Sean that's
not the way the way out
yeah for the things I absolutely hate I
cannot oh no I want to buy anything I
can't do these Oh baby ever done this
before this thing come on teeth right
now oh and I are your son in there
going on night it's like Ashlee freaking
out here doesn't it make you head over
yeah oh my gosh how did you do that show
probably do it without holding or more
back without holding on come on back
without homie on sure why I'm going by
I'm running across all the way oh my god
I am NOT I asked
look how we can get my read yeah we get
married yeah
am I the bride yeah I'm the groom well
yeah there it is
oh you have to insert a pound I've got
found are we actually doing this what do
you what is it do ya
we're welcome to go all two words I'm
Gary and Steve
come on I met I met Matt he doesn't want
to marry you
probably when you try let's see if you
guys would actually get married were the
only thing we had to witness this I know
your mum and dad are gonna be so upset
come on she dad are you sure yes no
imagination
yes I've got some action is the ring you
got the ring - it might not be the ring
and your little sister we should get
married
no you jilted me actually look you
jilted me
thank you that's cute
no that's million short has to work on
yeah that's for Sean now we're thinking
now I get to steal all her money John ha
ha oh right huh you run away right so
these two have decided to do again
because our fees reconsidered adoption
I'll see actually hiding everywhere it
doesn't even want to marry you just
wants a free ring
are you ready what do you do
one for do or two for escape you didn't
even give them an option you wrestled
aggressively for him now you have to put
the rings on I didn't even got tries to
so I do me now you put the rings on oh I
just waited and my wedding ring
where's your certificate wanting to
press our dome your sticker aliens are
officially married you're officially
married guys I wish I had some confetti
so I could throw every babe you've come
down here which is advocates what was it
called advocates clothes advocates
corner I don't know
and apparently this is a great place to
comfort her again
it's later on in the day now we've been
out for dinner we're back home and we're
just chilling before we head back out
for the military tattoo all right
I'm also really snotty yeah I'm retired
look everyone's just like proper like
nope where we get tattoos tonight yeah
that's what we're doing oh really yeah I
can meet it too man yeah how do you know
me pop what you're gonna get touching
everyone listen Sean just do one did you
do another one
I'm really hurting today we had truck oh
that's cool
you
the land of anomalies I
it's like play
Oh like
Oh
Rober expecting to become queen was only
after her application at night
you
you
I got my little red nose not sure if
it's because I'm cold or I've got a cold
maybe both
we finished watching the military tattoo
and we're just walking back to the flat
now it was so good
like amazing I've never seen like
stamina and what's the word I was
thinking of earlier coordination and
like dedication accuracy I want to say
accuracy oh my god this is skills
basically mad skills from everyone hope
you dancing off the firmer side
I wish I had a skill yeah that's what it
made me feel like I was like I wish I'd
stuck up playing an instrument I wish I
could dance like that I wish I had
stamina like that
they're so regimented boy works too boy
farts his blood work it was not a
firework it was honestly amazing I would
recommend everyone go and see it it had
a real mixture of everything what was
your favorite New Zealand part I just
loved that their leg muscle was every
step like yeah it was a really dances I
also really loved the David Bowie
tribute oh my god I had a right tear in
my eye that was amazing oh good
