good morning everybody it's another
beautiful day here in London in time
you're in Jim's house and I woke up
really early this morning I would think
I was a white girl like half seven seven
and I haven't done my makeup yet today
because me and tan are actually going to
film a video together which involves
makeup application so I've just left my
skin oh natural for this for this
morning so to excuse that we are going
to go on little walk
ie a little London Pokemon hunt because
I want to see what kind of Pokemon
they've got in hundun and try and walk
off some of my eggs cuz I've got to 10k
eggs I'm trying to walk off so just
thought it would be quite nice and the
sun's kind of in and out so yeah just
can't be a fresh-air really put on a
little walk good job so now mm-hmm
look we got some canned water they have
crazy things here in London and it's the
weirdest thing
look you can reseal it how do you do it
up and then slide look deal it's not
busy and I never finish cans of drink so
this would be like the perfect thing go
because you don't any one of the
elections right back yeah you should do
your lips like this if you're watching
yes and stuff and also I thought it
would be really weird to drink water
ever cam because you expect something to
be fizzy but I really like it I don't
like yeah I did you know it's too weird
it's just not as easy yeah I don't like
fizzy water so yeah I don't
hello lads good morning boys not Pokemon
ie yeah I was just saying how I'm being
really weird today as you know I just
gave him a really weird kiss and I said
how I told the man at the shop we bought
some food he was telling her and I feel
for paper yeah why
I was like I feel the same as to you I
said I like to walk around and see the
trees and see the world
you sounded so spiritual you are like I
just like to walk around and experience
the world
yeah Heidi she has a little know she
loved trees I love tree time I love
trees and I think it sounds very about
this morning how I did this are you sure
honey
I'll be free with all of her limbs and
but it's really nice if you're outside
in the morning just take a second face
the Sun and go that this breathe in the
Sun yeah
Mary Mary I made a conscious decision to
spend the rest of my life with that oh I
love her you don't say no no I love car
no one you Jim I know it's like that
it's the little things like that makes
your day so much better will make you
feel like it gives you a bit of like
yeah it's grounded hmm laughing I like
that I like that Jim what you make in
hello number eggs lots and lots of eggs
I'm gonna have some red onion from
tomorrow's what are you gonna do it on
the left
yeah a long rich master plaster
basically in my milk and I had a lot of
eggs for the morning in it we got a lot
of eggs in your fridge and now they tend
to I just say I'm obsessed with the size
of your fridge yes good friend in there
I love that you come bigger bothers me
no the freezer
that's his part oh no no freezer freezer
totally oh my god I feel like most
people's really I come I can barely fit
my big head Charlotte I always like to
do this much I've peed on the floor nice
one
did you like it wasn't it to get frozen
p.m. yeah you upset
Oh Peter yeah so yeah Jim's makin up a
little omelet we're gonna do some baking
legs aren't we James son yeah oh we're
gonna make it
you know we need to look through the
people 11:30 move ready breakfast lunch
counter season us three more breakfasts
on poverty work out a meeting
you're so productive today yes but not a
productive
oh oh dear I'm out fan off the water
using coffee oh no Jim Jim's omelet is
done that looks impressive Jim Oh smells
delicious
we've got one very sleepy puppy here
you're so tired Nala
we're just setting up to film of it are
we doing it here or here so Zoe and I
are setting up
suppose we film your video but of course
we get distracted and I decide to put
Zoe inside my table so I decide to step
inside my table Oh
inside is a so weak
can you imagine we always talk about we
wish we lived closest we could work
together more commercial if we actually
did you think I'm going to get out and I
said to so me as I was getting her in I
was like if you suddenly need me to get
you out of here I can't promise I can Oh
especially because I was laughing I we
can feed you a little gap young why
don't we just keep her in there okay I'm
gonna take off okay hard this time well
how about me and you Jim just film the
three minute makeup challenge and then
the other hand comes up underneath yeah
please
oh that was quite easy so I'll get back
in literally no way I'll say it must be
shy I wouldn't get in there I don't
think you leave you got to think small
thanks mourn your be small Jim up to
your chest that's it I think you will
get in there think small gem think so
small thinking small
shoulders too wide Oh
Jimmy didn't think small enough thought
really small like a mouse when I was
holding about you need to think like a
gerbil
you have the same thing okay we're gonna
set up my looking much more alive now
because me and Tom just filmed the 5
minute makeup challenge is not coming up
for a while is it t know really Sunday's
three Sundays you have to wait for that
one but it was really funny was so much
harder than we both thought it was going
to be because last time we did the
three-minute one but actually I've
missed it feel much different turns now
just adjusting just thing where I
thought we have put on those more makeup
since yes so this is not what it looked
like
now we are going to film another video
for my channel but robotics light of all
you need to get em to bits of paper and
put writing on it we're doing the most
likely to which I really want to film
with Tom because I think it will be so
funny I feel like we play this game
anyway have we already done this google
it I feel like maybe we have what Martha
no I'm gonna just don't you check our
ideas yeah we do
I'm gonna double-check cuz I just feel
like I remember you look so nice don't
finish up your makeup the contour I mean
brows and I just showed my brows in time
I've got more mascara on yes awesome
kinky yeah which color I used the middle
one this is my Anastasia Beverly Hills
mother I'm Tori best with so I sucked in
my cheeks yeah I use the brush that way
won't go up yeah it's like you're
tickling all of that yeah oh my god your
contour looks in sane on my camera fit
strong
like chiselled they're good powders
though I really like them yeah although
I never really use these like Matt kind
of natural highlight I always go for a
shimmer highlight oh yeah
raise the double chin I always do that
yeah your contour looks insane on this I
need to blend it though yeah bigger
brush blending I call blendy blendy
blendy blendy and then we're gonna look
fabulous soon yeah oh you need to try
this you will freaking love it oh look
how pigmented the blush it is some
powders of cream how does but look how
pigmented that is I'm going to use brush
fur oh yeah
I don't you oh this is like a whole
separate tutorial
isn't it I feel like I look way more
alive with blush on so how old a rate
yeah I want to do this sighs its face my
lights I can see oh that's gorgeous
isn't it ah they look good yeah see I
can see this side better in the light oh
oh my god in this camera it looks so
good nice yeah it's why I look like I
have too much makeup on now no you
really don't I don't even think you need
to change your lip I like it is then
cute turns out me and tan haven't filmed
the most likely - I've done it what
video I was thinking of then we have now
we are now you have fun yeah I did I
feel so tired now yeah I know we're both
just like over like exhausted but we've
got brownies and tea so we're gonna do
that like very hot our highlighter both
looks so good look at yours you got more
on overkill no I like it I like it a lot
you've got such great lips can you
imagine your lips with fillers in them
I'll be horrible Oh anyway right
brownies and tea let's go he was joking
you're pretending to be asleep
are you tired good sleep you tired Jim I
want to have an acne as I go for it I
don't know I'm so tired you tired
Oh tell me you're never good with me
you're sleepy girl on you my little
sleepy girl no me and Tom are now having
a transfering footage tea and brownie
and flapjack brand I don't have a lot
look how flippin good this looks
mmm so delicious
this is well I think is one of the best
flapjacks have ever had this program and
chance made me a tea we've come to the
kingsroad and we are having a little
mooch around actually turned into really
lovely day so for if excused
it's very cute in there felt a bit
travel sick in that taxi taxi journey
I hate getting cover set you get traffic
sometimes Duke I don't read map yeah not
good
the lighting is really bad because I'm
in a changing room and Zoey I'm worried
I'm gonna be able to see through there
Zoey pull your door shut more precious
no I was worried I was going to be
filming you naked today um I'll be
speaking in one that looks really weird
just stick it out I did if I too much
open she was in that large like I know
the stranger okay Zoey is just trying on
dresses for a summer party aren't you
Zoey
yeah you got one on yet it's successful
or not to shoot at night yeah I've got
this dress have you got this one oh oh
that would look so pretty yes don't take
it in
he cares a lot to take in now yeah is
that that's a lot but I don't think
it'll be that high but let me face the
camera so we can see then pull it tight
but do you think that's nice the tighter
but it's not that much different is that
right but it would be very comfortable
which would be nice for you and your
going for parties you like to summer
party you like to feel comfortable don't
you will you like to be like nice and
airy it's got a Steinway for nothing
see I've got mine in a two which is like
quite tight on me but I like it like
that
see I think I would prefer it but I
think you can get away with it looser
right foot let me see
also I don't have the best bra on I
think about of you a better for our on
it might fit outfit
let's keep fishies lovely and then just
walk towards me I think you I think
you'll like it
this is our testing for Zoe to watch
back the footage
you do realize how many people there are
in their shop guys come on through the
curtains
let's dress number two you see dress
number two no this isn't the one how
frustrating it fits me here but it's too
big here see this is the No
oh that one it's a really cool beautiful
like in the scar you live like one day
sure I do like how can I vintage it look
so I feel like it's supposed to be big
at the top I feel like that is the look
and actually I know you said no at first
but I kind of like it I mean I don't
know it's so flowy for them let me talk
about kit now spin around you look like
you're from and I just wish this wasn't
set back remember yes I like it
thank you makes your waist look even
smaller I think it's supposed to be like
that yeah this is the most confusing
dress to get into hey Kimmy oh why is
the bomb bit like here can you hold that
I don't know they told us for my arms in
first yeah this will work try to
wait I just like the hood okay oh man
yeah I mean it looks so much better on
darn defo I think it'd look really nice
on you too though you but this just fits
your shoulders better and a lot easier
to get you into it yeah it looks really
nice by I just think I could ever buy it
how on earth would I get in and out you
just have to get someone to help you in
and help you out I feel really scared in
this when there is this meter I'd like
do not leave me there's nowhere I've
gone there I feel like is that from me
or me you looked cool and oh it's very
ugly like I like it yeah ended up buying
the first white dress what is this India
chain well that's not where we're going
is it into anthropology though yeah so I
ended up flying the first dress and a
couple of t-shirts
and now we're in our colleges free see
this tan is on the hunt for a mixing
bowl yeah he go this is a big one facing
guys gonna need a mixing bowls put that
in yeah you on the hunt for anything
else mixing bowl yeah
I feel like they don't really have any
tea
through little bowls ha have you seen
this this chopping board that's adapter
with Marblehead oh well we've got marble
a talking bottom here but it's not the
dancing one we got there we've got a
fish one I think ah yeah that chairs
cool that is a good cup of tea oh nice
specimen do you know what we always keep
buying people at our house it's these
classes you have any pot oh I bet they
don't have a z-intercept okay
yeah and then you know how Alfie you
were saying yesterday I'm gonna drink
how the wine glass circle though as you
don't know who's with me
is that big enough you would you wanted
yet and I got amazed I gotta say I like
a good size yeah we'll just got one
Jim's but one other embassy Trombley
drinking out the a Kate your house we
did I always drink out the J yeah but
it's just nice but when you're there
yeah that's such a good idea
our thanks T do you want us to pay for
them no I'll get them we found the
mixing bowl I think is so pretty and you
but I'm gonna boil this because I think
you're serving a roast dinner you can
put carrots and parsnips in here
yeah perfect Zedan any coffee
I stood firm as a rock you like a baby
oh this is cool I like that it has feet
yeah that's so cute look at the toes
yeah
imagine all the pee all the peas carrots
and classes you could have enough with
the big spoon want to mix my peers and
my parents and pastors energy I wouldn't
mind
no maybe on your plate we've walked out
and tan is wearing a different dress and
had little them out for disaster and the
dress I had on earlier I didn't know
when I put on this morning that it was a
straw basically I wore on Boca tour and
it was amazing and then I put it on this
morning I was like this is shrunk in the
wash they give so much short and tight
because a shorter an tight it's quite
windy and it's only been a week so
and then my bomb kept coming out and
popular so he was like Tom all I did
think I liked you might want to pull it
down
you're like the bottom of your bum cheek
for a long dress and worry it's
beautiful though ever you like it was an
anthropology me in town and I win
Waitrose and Alfie has ventured what -
where'd he go - look at cameras or
something but we are getting the
ingredients for mine and Gemma's video
right pops
are they Rice Krispies I know the same
thing you don't have
yeah so we need rice pops and we need
mini marshmallows and lots of them oh
yeah if it the green one is it this is
the best one oh good Alfie loved it good
morning oh I thought it was in the way
of someone but I wasn't at time do you
remember whenever we used to come to
Norwich me squirrel a little waitress
trip yeah I just said that and we'd be
really good at living together yeah we
always tell them when we have three
homes we always say absolutely live
together okay we can chill out and not
talk and we can do the weekly food shot
this week tres is deceivingly large what
big bonus video oh you make a mini
marshmallows sometimes I have them in
the baking section around the baking
section has
their own big ones they're not going to
be the same because they got that stuff
on the outside that's good though yeah
um my faux Vista yeah you get two bags
yeah and then get a bag of prints and
white decorated nurse okay is that
everything we needed something else it
wasn't just those two things have you
ever bought one of these and just eating
it out of the thingy yeah
it's so good oh yeah
no they're really good the chocolate
ones really really good ah jim-jim
cousin Frances passing 900 J's ah we got
rid of healthy we left him on the
kingsroad
he went into round 2 Peter Jones and
Cartier and Cartier oh baby yeah that's
so cute
Jim you're so thoughtful hey I know
where am I gonna put it
oh bloody no love I put in Twitter I'm
just gonna flush mine really I love it
I'll show you one more thing
come on for Tom come on I've never
filled this toilet before happy not some
real surprise people know before I just
saw everybody selections that picture of
a thing so this before it was a like
fascist blue was and just a dark
horrible cupboard storage it looked like
he'd keep a dead body in there yeah
store if you just put your bin bags in
there didn't you at one point we did
yeah and there was just like leaves on
the floor it was like ground like the
outside do you remember once we were
like this a bad smell and we can't work
out where it's coming from but it was
because you'd left him back there it's a
hot day it looks so bad yeah I like
growing up
let's leave my God's sake sighs the best
dancers toilet door I've ever see and
now that Jim's finishes we all we need
more toilet roll and that is a towel
ring that's going to put up on here and
I know that it's really kind of white
and boring in here but I bought blue
hand wash to try and make it look more
exciting and I put a little pair a
diptych room spray on here and now Oh
actually it's not going to cover the
mirrors I really bad I did it down the
other end we could put it like there
yeah is that kind of random or maybe on
the toilet no that's because then it
would cover the flush button maybe is
okay in there yeah I'm looking for it
little things to jazz up this room know
how you've been some looking for me
today have right yeah you've looked
quite a lot on my on my camera today I
like oh I filmed you with your outfit as
I thought I thought you'd like that
yeah I'm like your cameraman though you
love today I don't like your cameraman
as well hello is he coming around hello
is he oh just misses me oh gee
he is coming over he said to us oh I
feel like I can when I've looked for Zoe
it turns into a real kind of stop real
life documentary because I actually
would usually turn the camera off I'm
just
so me a conversation I'll be back and
not only didn't Jim get me in town a
present Alfie brought me a present
look at this guy's yes I wanted one of
these for so long and I don't really
know much about GoPros so I have like a
couple in my Amazon basket that I was
going to ask Alfie which one was the
best one I bought this for myself the
other day and it was the last one in the
shop so I couldn't get one Zoe so bad oh
thank you I'm really excited about this
do I need to charge it oh you want it
yeah well get your laptop oh cool so got
a little GoPro now
I can do barf logs it's waterproof right
yeah yay look how cute this is
she's so cute just let you fall asleep
Tom come and look at this muffin are
watching you
what's my mom doing looking mighty you
like me thank you
oh she did not like that did you hear
her just finished filming a video for
our feet and now look who's here oh it's
another son how are you doing I'm good
I've come around it's got free pizza
I've got two points
no one's gonna understand what you're
all about you have to watch out boys
video oh no I've already got pizza down
my talk house what happened
oh no more I'm all vote I'm all work we
are now eating pizza guys I don't know
if I've mentioned this but I've been
putting honey on my pepperoni pizzas
recently and it's all because of this
pizza this is to add a little fun fact
yes
honey never goes off never never Wow
they found honey recently right in
Teuton Tutankhamun's tomb Wow someone
eat it I think they got her I think that
honey was pretty rank I think that honey
was pretty rank but yeah this is the
pizza that has basically made me put
honey on everything
because it is pepperoni and chili
infused honey laughs yeah I think it's
crying
and fell over the pizzas how good is it
mmm it's good isn't it I freaking love
that o-town I've just noticed what you
put on your chalkboard that you like two
days oh I don't see you
I'm gonna read you a message ah you'll
have to put Joe on the end now you're
not allowed unless I'm not part of it
maybe one day this is awesome what your
new Pete's are you tried well I got a
bit of each mmm this is mushroom sausage
and truffle and gorgonzola YUM
I can sue other chocolatey guys giving
in to me me and Jim are now about to
film a video we're gonna do a little bit
of baking is it considered that
we're not really cooking anything both
realize how easy these work yeah it's
like three ingredients ingredients well
we wanted something fairly easy tonight
so I think this pretty much lay on there
this is the fourth video I filmed today
Tom looks like she's about to do a
seance hold are we playing articulating
game does any yes Kristen wanna know
what he just farted oh my god yeah I saw
Jos panic so hard that era went off
inhalation and then Joe like there's a
good board and I was like no job Brooke
okay Oh Brittany ace yeah I'm what
alright she's good we liberate we call a
face yeah okay Tom Tunney
do you want a stir are you alright - me
alright - that's a card game you've got
three fingers up just that you know well
how do I choose the unties - yeah boy
I'm done Jimmy I think you need to Suggs
to make a striking go right okay so
honest team of three you have one
described with two guesses okay so Joe
and Zoe would you rather guess or
describe I think one of us should get
monsters described yeah you can
subscribe to it sounded like you're in
subscribe saying lation yeah I can if
you're grabbing two different dogs on
I'll do it those my Frehley
right you can't get from me it doesn't
matter we're playing a board game we're
more importantly a stupid dog can we go
no let's go in
no no thank you leave me now Jim okay Oh
Jim hold your dog I'm cutting it come on
all right is it me and Jim mercy Baba
really really old Disney Oh Oh Disney
film couldn't be strong Gaston
haha oh really
Oh give him a strong game that was
amazing time time time it's Disney film
he's incredibly strong music heroes
don't get stopped popular guys are
official adjudicator updates please hang
out you're saying it was we got that
please don't you ever forget it amazing
film at our Halloween uh amazing film I
watch every Edge has a poker guess
that's why men when someone isn't your
friend but you kind of know them they're
called Animoto
yes Fred Maps you're thinking you want
to do to impress someone at work you
might get that right now you might get
around in a meeting and do a great show
and tell
introduce give me more and I gave a
PowerPoint presentation um something
that you get on your face like a mark
actually a sit no yes nobody goes on in
two thumbs up what do you want to invite
you your free presentation when you
share PowerPoint presentation don't we
get that one then that then yeah if he
says oh no because as long as every what
anyway you already moved you- yep you
did some really know where we go past
pub I know if Darren brown does this and
he puts your magic no I mean Josh yes
well done um yeah if you're gonna have
if you're yeah no we're good little well
um I am very tall understand Michael
lanky a place is like it's Troy eight
it's me know
person he's like it's like an honor beam
yeah but close bean bean sprout jack
times one Beanstalk yes well done guys
oh okay ready 3 2 1 go
uh he's merged or French bloody hungry
yes not anymore I said all four horn is
a fun your other oh my do it exposing
yes what's this bone fine no backbone
yes and um where they do football
biggest stadium in London Wembley yes
I'm gonna catch up
what do you make up upload uh ready
certainly when you're going skiing just
lift ski lift button lifts you right on
the water a surfboard no it Travis you
from one place to another
don't tell me why fret yeah um you
wear it like sucks you in and that one
member wear a bra like these like this
thing that's good of course it yep I use
one every day to film on video camera
yeah what was hitting on rug no Matt no
why did what we get okay Jerry nice
posture Bosnian for conversations every
nice triceps so mother
food is yellow fruit buddy say you're
doing I'll check yeah yeah okay object a
low bridge
I'm sorry sure I'd ever there like a run
buddy right
never heard of that husband my life okay
so similar to the Queen burns off the
Queen King no Prince the Queen Mum
Charles yeah oh okay a really popular
kids cartoon I've read Tom and Jerry you
know it's really cute books and stuff
books Mickey Mouse and I seem also nice
rabbit
no I future are many more than that it
sounds or something you put your covered
repeating that I like sugar tea bags
even food booth so that you're putting
your cupboard honey
Tianjin it's a kind of cute little like
problem by this one phone in a forest
it's a trap Mike it's a color isn't the
name uh flower television fine flower
and I love the color in the name on the
road right Mon and it's something you
drink out of after and come some fatty
love the color and the don't drink out
red glad my wish sano Berlin is it no
poor they also count moving a
hell you looking something statistically
what do you do to the damn eyes yeah
Otto oMG hi flower people all right
Bluebell yeah oh we got one car please
watch it where's the fun
see winners um these guys watch oh these
guys are ugly
Jim was fine it was - Alfie that was
Robin we did laughs ooh boy yes we won
and Tom's very happy about that
I am Miami look I actually really
enjoyed that game I've never played that
before it's good it is so good again
and also if you have more people you
choose buddy so you have 10 people yeah
if you wanted to you could have like
five sets of two and just go around and
have and you'd have make way more of
these on the board or you could do two
sets of five and just have always one
person being the describing you've got
four guesses on your I get a very loud
yeah sorry you you should do you just
start like and Cubs or beavers or
something and be like via what's that
you have to team Lehigh Valley you're
camping and go because you just got a
lot of enthusiasm about games so thing
is you got a lot of mothballs where you
wise out well you do sometimes not
models are you doing you a small ready
nice thanks done no filming no I didn't
know what she thought
no he didn't yes that's it it might in
my rice krispies cake really nice thanks
Tom what's going on here I've lived I've
slipped and fell in the crate I came
around just to check on how you guys
would do you remember into pipes and
should I drop my toffee krisp
yeah yeah I collect them no I just fell
in and then they're like be funny to get
in the dough stirs you know but they're
actually falling asleep on you okay well
not as like proper chilled and Martha's
proper child no have you this oh my J
are you locking me out yeah see you
later
I've got a little present for you
remember okay yeah actually right
together this mission - OH
makes made my mouth water we smelt these
candles in anthropology and I was like
I'll get in being some exam make your it
doesn't make your jaw tingle you smells
really good it smells good I love me
Julia
isn't it beautiful as well as me a
mouthful so I don't get it a few
mouthful Brady I said how does it make
you wait how doesn't it go marvel taste
in my mouth all seven misheard you
she thought you said saying about her
mouth water you should know the water in
her mouth quite there's no water in her
mouth I don't get worried because dick
in her mouth was so star megamouth all
water yes why I said infect many much is
fine thank you from for any of you that
were wondering what this candle was it's
rhubarb Verte smells really good hi guys
I love you hi Jay
blanks I place my head right thanks to V
my sister okay thanks to be my brother
hi
