yeah I'm gonna give you a little air B&B
tour now going into the Margate shale
grotto the Goonies Wow oh my god I'm
confused is this a cave or it's a shells
market this is safe cows that all around
oh did someone make no said a woman in
the shop said that it was just randomly
they're here they have no idea how this
ain't brown I think I'm long it would
have taken someone to do this
stay in the game because we finally lay
them apart from just dancing around to
the great Romans on track we are about
to head out and get fish and chips
because is it really a trip to an
English seaside if you don't get fish
and chips we promise
you've lost your lip balm
you want oh I said I call might William
we are currently waiting outside Peter's
fish factory to get our fishing charts
we should try I always say fish and
chips but I never actually Accession a
fish and chips no I always get the
sausage they're really young boys in
there okay yeah how old
ten nine well the guy can serve me just
look like he'd been born my god yeah no
they looked about 1920 how depressing is
it that's young now does that is young
to us maybe not you but me how's your
skunk
scooby-doo's puffers welcome
scooby-doo's brother no scrappy Oh
Wow look at mama Oh what Oh Bradley how
he was literally controlling the bike
with his penis
magic
because those whales splashing in the
sea
no they're not can you see that
hello
you under me up
sorry I got really excited bad crashing
on rocks
Oh sugar what I've always wild well Oh
if there's anyone watching who's like
struggling with the star of the air what
one piece of advice would you give them
that's it one cooked my piece of advice
to someone who's struggling with January
or the year did you say just like the
start of another year I feel like so
many people in January just get a bit
stuck like I am one of those people
every single year I get stuck yeah I
think it's just not to to learn not to
put pressure on yourself
I always find it so calming to realize
that so many other different people in
your boat and though even so so many
people are different there are so many
similarities that we share and I feel
like that's why I like doing YouTube so
much it's and that's why it helped me so
much is because when people would be
when I used to go through a bad phase
and I watch it in people like oh yeah I
have that too you know I mean so to know
that other people are going through the
same stuff as shit
it's always be sure yeah reassuring and
at the end of the day that's all what
humans want
but even like the most arrogant
confident held together person the world
is still looking for a restaurant
somewhere and I just feel like you
should just surround yourself with
people who are gonna uplift you and not
bring you down I am starting 2018 I'm
gonna be more not cut through that's a
really horrible word to use but I'm
gonna be more like I'm gonna put me
first more yeah I think for so long I
was doing things I thought I have to do
and this year I think I've already been
quite good I'm just gonna do me and
treat yourself I feel like so many
people would touch the word I'm going to
put me first as their negative thing
yeah but yeah I know he's like to a
certain degree it can't be seen as a bad
thing but it's all you do but like do
you know why I think I get quite down in
January because I start thinking about
like I sort of reflect on the past year
and I think about all the things that
I'm not happy with that I want to change
and I think doing that can make you feel
quite down because then all of a sudden
you feel like there's so many things are
not happy with or so many things you
didn't realize you weren't happy with
yeah so this year I do just want to take
more control
yeah be a bit more like badass badass
bitch
I'm gonna be a badass be a badass badass
boss badass in business
we have done all right so far I mean I
just want to put all my time and energy
into people that bring me positivity
I just sang that in my head as you sang
it and I was gonna go like this why are
we the same person oh my god that's so
weird yeah a hundred percent I think as
you become an adult you realize who your
true friends are
yeah and also if you go through
something a bit you realize who your
true friends are I jumped over a few
hurdles last year yep and it's the
people that had the other side cheering
he won over the hurdles and the people
that are holding your hand over the
hurdles people who want you to trip on
the hurdle bye-bye but it's hard for me
because I always 98% of the time
see the best in people I'm always but
they've got yeah we're both the same I
give people eight million chances yeah
that's why this year I want to be a bit
more cutthroat would just be like no
yeah we've only got one life I'm not
living it for someone else I'm living it
for me that is exactly how I felt in
January yeah then it starts making you
like question all this stuff and all of
a sudden you're like oh my god like I'm
28 this year
I don't feel 28 you don't feel it you
don't do you feel like if you had to put
yourself at age what age would you pick
yourself at not look yeah I feel I would
say a good sturdy 25 I would say 25 to
25 yeah do you think that I'll get to 30
and all of a sudden just go
I feel 30 no no but sometimes yeah I do
need that too much camp in my mouth what
is your one fair
apart from losing me as a bastard a
missing out on life because I worry too
much about what people think
you know what the fact that you said
that is amazing why because it is
because you're like in tune with your
brain mmm
I don't want to get to like 80 and be
like why didn't I do that I so nearly
didn't do the Madame Tussauds
really I didn't know that because I was
worrying too much about what people
would think what do you think why would
you want to do that it's like obviously
they approached me and Alfie I was so
nervous about it because I was really
unsure about what people would think and
I just felt like who is such a huge deal
because most people would just be like
oh my god that's so exciting you've have
to do it yeah I might just think too
much about what other people would think
mmm but I don't want to be an
eight-year-old that like chatting with
my grandkids telling them about like my
crazy career and be like I did get our 7
wanted to rather be in Madame Tussauds I
know I said no because I care too much
about what strangers would think yep so
dad you did not what are they doing now
ya know what knows they don't care about
me anymore
yeah that is a great way to think that
that's why I really been like no I'm
what do you want like I have to think do
I want this yeah
because I don't want to do almost do
that where I say no to something and
then I think I'm missing out on
something or I think back and wished I'd
done it and you can't ever get on that
yeah well great it's the worst thing
yeah that's my that's probably my
biggest fear was one of your biggest
fears whispering the fear of just being
I don't know who I just want to be
remembered to be for being a good person
you will be if you carry on the way
you're going oh yeah that's why I won
and I still wear I'm bramble bush will
be nice
I'll buy a brand will then no because
they're they look nice but they're quite
prick ish
why did I just say that don't say that
I'll have whales but not sea lions what
is my new tail you would believe whales
but not sea lions see this is scaring me
my map keeps telling me to go home
everything you said to me okay so here
we go oh you're not gonna ask me another
deep question if you wanted no regrets
we've got go on a cruise there are a
couple of things I don't mind missing
out on in my life one of which is a
bungee jump okay if I don't do a bungee
jump I don't feel like I'm missing out
okay
one was you knee okay but I don't feel
like I've missed out at all mm-hmm
another is a cruise I feel like me and
you on a cruise it sounded a bit
Australian on a cruise would be nice
ending thanks for listening everyone
yeah I hope for you to share your
greatest fears and where you see
yourself in 10 years in the comments
also give this a like if you think means
I should have a podcast genuinely deep
chats but also chats that make no sense
I'm built once I mean mark shall we head
back yeah I can't wait to get an actor
Hey Oh parking space oh we will be that
the thing is you never hope you just say
there it is
I hope their parking space is a parking
space is that yeah I can't wait to get
home and parking the exact same father's
job no I can't go down that little road
mark what right mark down man oh okay
down a little road Margaret for
trademark
oh my painful which give it 15 minutes
it's gonna be so painful to get all
right ten feet now okay just gonna chop
some of marks hair it's gonna go on on
your jumper all right um
check out our yeah oh my god I'm not
even thinking and you're kind of macho
all right tip your head forward like
forward like like yeah back here
stop it's like oh you just hack it it's
don't you yeah yeah I cut my TA so are
you supposed to ask you about personal
questions well I'm just come back from
our game it's actually really nice but
there is just so much doctor everywhere
I'm from it how's it looking did I
sought you out yeah yet thank you just
evening it all out you know you could
literally be like having a penis into
the back of my head you love your hair
let me think yeah it's much neater I
actually do think it is when you watch
this back you'll be like oh my god yeah
I've never seen this so we are watching
the butterfly effect which I know I've
seen before at one point but I can't
remember what happened all I know if it
has Ashton Kutcher in it
but I remember when it came out so many
people were talking about how amazing it
was so we're gonna sit down and watch
this now you're right man
good tears okay and the tears stream
down my face they're not One Direction
song oh god I can't I don't remember it
what what is it
oh right is Rick I think I can't be
doing
you gotta rip that it's the hairs on
your face rip it
three two one can you imagine how are
you gonna get yours off minds are you
thick as well three two one peel how
much more tiny bit and you've got half a
mustache do you think this is good for
your face to like be ripping stuff all
the time that's the most perfect face
most applications I did tell you I take
my face most application very seriously
it's not quite dry on this cheek yet oh
it looks like a weight does of it this
morning guys
it looks like it looks like we're coming
out the casino mark Oh what I have been
honey so we thought we would get up
early this morning oh why is my camera
never focus I mean for the best I don't
look that awake we thought we would come
out this morning taking a bit of sea air
watch the Sun Rise
hopefully not standing and as we walked
out was a dog just sat outside this big
like flap and me and Mark were like oh
my god like it was like locked out so we
called the number on the collar and the
woman was just like what did she say
just like oh thanks I'm just waiting to
get in or something it's just so cash
but on the phone she was just like oh
yeah someone's dog or like must have
lost his owner so it's just so strange
I don't know I just seemed very dog I
don't know she sound like it less she
was like we found your daughter she was
okay cool oh yeah she was so like yeah
door I wouldn't really think of it yeah
I know it's just because it was a dog
well look - Oh mark I don't know which
way we should go because it's like I
think we should head this way because
look at this guy over there
this guy over there Oh see it just
thought we would come out I've been
awake since 5:30 because the flat above
I mean they just walk around all night
yeah maybe and that woke me up and then
I just couldn't get back to sleep
what's the time now like oh my god
we're currently down by the harbor
stinks we're gonna head back now jump in
shower ready to go right we're all ready
and we are all packed up we've done the
washing up we're trying to leave it as
tidy as possible get that good air B&B
rating it does make me a bit tense
because they write you as well yeah they
rate you when in the state you leave in
like how like you treated their place
you should go and check your ratings on
Airbnb anyway yes I'm gonna quickly show
you my outfit I feel like I look a bit
high what this outfit is a bit it's a
bit like it's like a little London I
think yeah I think maybe I have to get
rid of the Hat so this is the outfit
these trousers are like my new favorite
thing they're really baggy and they've
got like this old man like check look
and these are from Topshop I want to say
and they're like also kind of loose at
the bottom and then I've got my Prada
boots on which are seeing me basically
through the entire winter and they're so
warm then I've just got a little belt
this is from ASOS I've got a t-shirt
underneath that says bezel which is
kisses in French and then I have this
little cropped like dusty pink hoodie
which says lovers over haters which are
also really like I'm just not sure I
mean I like
I just think the hat makes a bit much so
I might take the hat off and the Hat is
from ASOS and then I have my like
hexagonal earrings from a sauce which
I've basically been wearing constantly
off see I think that's actually so much
better already
okay I'm scrapping a scrap but that my
suitcase yeah we are heading off now
we're gonna go and grab a bite to eat
and then we're gonna go to Ramsgate on
our way home
goodbye room thanks for having me look
what I nearly forgot oh my god I don't
must have dropped my hand cream in the
night it went under the bed how I
despite that I have no idea
off we go got everything oh yes lots no
going back done ciao for now
delicious that was very
oh look at a sorry
so yeah sorry as you were mr. friendship
a great trip
yeah dangerous what have you got in your
bag
this is yours or sorry bad you know I
would never steal anything just collab
hair dry shampoo no I didn't bring that
with me no I did yeah you use a lot more
dry shampoo the main share and share
alike because mine is yours mark faris
exactly you want to put liver oil we are
now in Broadstairs and the Sun has come
to greet us which you're very this looks
lovely she just looks like we're you're
lucky I'm not sure where about cm look
down my god this is so cute
because I know ha I wonder if that's a
coffee shop oh this is so cute
should we get our ice cream and then
walk down to the beach yeah
oh is that there's Marelli's we're here
how do we get in oh through the door and
come gonna go sit banana and dos de
leche has he gone
so call in here we've got our ice creams
I went for banana and Dahl's de leche
what did you go for min min min min oh
my god this ice creams like fucking over
yeah well bloody on my hair ice cream I
need to stand against the wind look how
cool this looks me and Marc just took
some pictures in front of this it is
lovely it's actually quite warm with the
Sun on Sun on my face
Marc had some photos in the little
lifeguard station and now I think we're
just gonna stroll along the beach so
Broadstairs is so nice I love that it's
route it's much more of like a kind of
cute old seaside town isn't it yeah
once again nothing's really modern or
change refreshing I thought this would
be a great Beach to come to on a really
sunny day I bet yeah I bet you think I
just lost places like this because this
is it's like it reminds me so much of my
childhood so coming back I'm like
stepping into the path yes you and all
the kids are paying with their pockets
and traffic speeds and making
sandcastles it's so cute I really really
like it if you are planning on coming to
Margate or Ramsgate you must for sure
come here yeah it's stunning it's sort
between the two I think and I just like
it when you're going to talk to small
towns and like people like mourn in your
name like oh there's such a community
it's so cute right we're now off
basically to do a pit stop in Ramsgate
and then head back yeah Kayne don't wait
to see your arm see
Oh No so the ice cream you don't want on
a 2-hour drive home look at these cute
little shops gonna live is this not a
mark and toddler nightmare oh my god
about me wants to jump in oh okay
let him keep you away what would you do
if you had a toddler that just like run
off run off the edge oh I don't even
want to walk near that I can't I can't
go that's just terrifying
especially because it's wet and slippy
you be careful
also I don't want someone to push me
just gets the energon like pushing me
like two seconds ago you an imagined the
day I turned down hand sunny so I
thought I'll ask you again do you know
too much is bad for you I just bought a
passion fruit and lemon curd cake I feel
like all we've done for two days is eat
don't tell me don't tell me don't tell
me
why'd you have to go and make things so
Costra Faubert
wait give me your dirtiest look
remember like when you were younger when
a kid would get when someone would get
annoyed at you it was all about the like
the eyes it was like like just make your
eyes as small as you can to show you
that you are not even in hey look it's
my dad look I know I feel like my limbs
just have their own brains yeah the
safety trigger I need to be more like
spruced out oh the chance we are oh god
I think I'm gonna leave you here yeah
wait what the hell is this Ariane
oh why she does it like that I don't
know because it just makes your cup wet
do you actually want to leave me here no
I mean there was a big part of me that
would like to see what would happen
Oh God would you do if we left you here
get nuba you're getting Eva mmm they've
got a broom Ramsgate - no let me see no
they died so Jase what would you do then
I'd have to hitch a ride with Kevin
who's Kevin Kevin sail a boat man where
is he over there I've heard bad things
about Kevin I've here I've only heard
only good things
oh it's Andy Oh Andy they're Sunday
hi I'm Dave hi you don't know I'm oh
she's sweltering on this
I mean you are drinking a hot lemon and
honey yeah hot lemon ginger hot it keeps
telling me to go home and oh my god the
song is playing on shuffle and it's
called we're going home by Vance joy
that's so weird and that's just come on
we are actually going hi and my phone is
telling me to go home I really hope you
guys have enjoyed coming on our little
friend weekend I've had the best time
I've had such oh my god I thought that
husky was driving that car honestly I've
had the best time so far I hope you guys
have enjoyed give it a thumbs up if you
have and if you can make any other
suggestions for where me and Mark should
go next on our little friend weekends
yeah I'd love to know last night I'm
thinking more like city-based yeah
bye bye - tah-dah - now aloof want to
stop in our days and get yourself a nice
little salmon bet
hello
