good morning everybody this morning I am
going to do a photo shoot with Alex
Cameron she is a really cool
photographer and she's done quite a lot
of work with Meg which is wonderful you
she's coming to but yeah it's what I'm
doing this morning so I've done some
very simple eyes and a red lip and I'm
just not sure my hair is cooperating
today but oh I have so much to do today
I don't really know where to start
I've got this shoot for a couple of
hours and then lunch and then I need to
edit my vlog from yesterday film and
edit a main Channel video and then mark
is coming tonight
because we've got the exciting thing
tomorrow I'm also going through a lot of
working things later on this evening so
I feel like today is going to be very
jam-packed lipstick I currently have on
is red carpet red by Charlotte Tilbury I
really really like it I can't speak
today I'll bring my camera with me and
film some stuff you need to get up we're
at Kipling gardens in rotting Dean which
I've never been to before I'm here with
Alex
no I'm Meg and I'm currently wearing the
prettiest wedding dress it's something I
haven't told you guys today is actually
my wedding I explain your photography
project um it's called the giant project
and my awesome boyfriend will build
these things giant props
instead of impressive I've giant swing
which makes us on yeah and giant egg and
giant I like the paintbrush that one was
so cool loving it yeah um well Adam and
the egg said that the key the key here
there's a giant horse don't hook rocking
horse yeah that was that was the first
one yeah they've been a bunch is where
skill to have to be able to make
something look so good what thing will
that's ready yeah so having it he built
a giant watering can I'm getting me back
so much oh yeah I would you can get in
it do you get it I was going to say you
should like that one but I was like is
in the top of it how would I get out
there's a hole we could just look slutty
I'm so I will leave a link in the
description so you can go and check out
if you got them all up on your my
website yet so you can go and see it we
just made friends as two old man one
called John who said who's the bride II
the bridesmaid I said no I'm the bride
John and he said what are you virginal
are you don't look very virgin oh boy
it's rude said I don't look very
virginal so well dearie me but this
watering can have you ever seen anything
like today okay it is so impressive I
don't know why it looks even more
impressive when it's in a garden yeah
yeah yeah it does make sorry oh sorry
just mind just mind the giant watering
can alone out there looks as if it could
be water Oh
behind the scenes Oh Zoe you look lovely
she trumped you well she does look
better in a fella called the flower
crown that's really nice actually
you won't yet go pop Alex's little head
what the bird made really oh if your
vagina nearly yeah oh so so this is also
an Zoe's blog I didn't say vagina sickie
hey Maxine you have a good time Pokemon
yo hello yeah
that sounds quite provocative
yes i lo bride but if i oh shoot oh look
at my hair
we're done yeah yeah how did it go
whether at least a couple that I look
okay and being come on let's put the
head tilt down head down like I need to
walk like this didn't like we'd like a
little like fun on their hand it is
quite fun to do that or like you do it
very well
brides that run with their dress they're
like gosh I feel like I should Tigers
take the dress off oh you're good I know
I look like I'm from PLL right now we're
off now and it's just started raining
that's really good timing
thank you so much guys yeah are you even
in shops I'm trying to do like a look
Jose yeah trouble I knew you were
trouble when you brought your bread
round know we'll understand
Alfie and Mark were having a funny
moment saying that one of the the first
time Alfie met mark mark brought his own
loaf of bread round
Boyzone water today he always does votre
not smooth body verum kablooie 42 litre
one laughter sigh it's a good show
because you've got none I was just
letting mark try some of the sourced box
snaps oh my god you should try one of
these they are so delicious hang on put
it straight in no sniffing go chew that
that's healthy phrase would be great
whoa the fuck sorry if it weren't gonna
be not just profit official spelling
bird I couldn't like that oh I knew that
it has like a wrong Christmas dinner doc
it's horseradish and beet root I knew it
was betrayed I'll note with beetroot you
just never owned it never ended oh oh
sorry mark triggered a knife no yeah I
tried one of these yesterday and I did I
have to say I wasn't as keen about them
but there are so many good let try these
peaches dried peaches so good oh very
dry so it it's nice up ms mm-hmm that's
so good aren't they oh my god yeah mmm
we can holler warm hug please
yeah they're delish so good just get rid
of the taste of horseradish and beet
root activate you crackers what we do in
give me makeover hundred times because
they are on the ice problems ROI we can
talk to you min do you know how hard
that's gonna be to take off that I
literally okay well that's gonna get all
stuck in my beard isn't it now if you
want to do the 100
lair liquid lipstick challenge I think
it would be fun it's gonna really fun
it's national girlfriend day this is
just a way to people lipstick on your
way to fun and celebrate life with my
girlfriend and she's put lipstick on me
lip gloss on me it's not lip gloss
outfits liquid lipstick so I brought
down my little collection lips lips fix
my knee I've got a problem basically
this is my liquid lipsticks I need to
sort this out so oh I'll wholly use most
of them today then tomorrow no I don't
want you to use them all up I like all
my liquid lipsticks look at these new
ones they're metallic from colour-pop
it's like a copper lip gloss
there's loads in here for nice little
stash and I take my strong head
beep-boop
we're on Morehouse I really kept my
breath away for on layer 17
taking so long how you finding it I'm
like you know I like
all dry 18 anyone Myanmar can I little
cry I just love how you're just like so
passionate about the video
Oh watching this Halloween basically I
got really excited because bath and
Bodyworks have all their autumn candles
and I know it's early and it's not
autumn yet but I love them so much so I
found this like website where you can
order things from America to it and then
it sends it on to you so I'm gonna see
if happen if it'll make up for new so we
got this like that you like it
I didn't wear nuts come from what's
happened here what is it it's like penis
she she's a bit overheated Oh Oh me
basically then we watched a little
Halloween video sounds like I really I
made a little Halloween video on my
second channel last year of like how I
decorated the house so every we just sat
watching it and then spit in it where I
burn myself
are we Mitchell II have the giggles
because it was so couch is better there
is just think I hear the punk it's
always put myself in a condo these are
from journaler is like do you what right
you got watching you can't laugh okay
hey certain or ysus made me laugh so
much I don't know I mean it's like he's
you're a little kid and you're just so
excited to show but then you just burn
yourself right now laughing no laughing
OH
it's like a quiver in my tone when I
edited it I didn't laugh this much I
just gotta quit and watch it there's a
bit in my video in my autumn and
Halloween house tour where I'm showing
everyone and be like here's my lip thing
I got I just like leaned down and I burn
myself a little captain yeah it's just
the way I say it I thought you have to
watch it so I'm being really like
everyone is like the main channel no
they can shut up you think Aaron what
you would have find it funny anymore
I don't know I don't know it's not even
that funny everyone else is gonna be
right it's just the bird it's like you
know you remember when you put when one
of the first times you came around you
like this is one vlog that you did that
made me like cry of Lobster and you know
the snails they be warned about common
under fog fog fog fog any dog poop dr.
frog is a little bit like yes kissing it
frog oh fuck fuck
God dislike half 12 I think we're just a
bit too leery yeah well not one more
time one more what it is go so sure it
is love bird o very delirious anyway
should be fucker Farian chief upcoming
she would carry on watching the ultimate
Halloween health store good night Martin
good night Zara Zara good night
Albus yes I'm good
oh my god alpha you actually yeah you
could be an anger be voiced always call
me Archie in school life I just fly to
you you look like an Archie yeah you
look like an Archie well whatever it's
called the register guys you look like a
pinkish man yeah yeah a bit like Rodney
I think Glen Glen in Syria then maybe a
Nigel Oh like Nigel Thornberry oh my god
I saw mark in one of the tweets I saw
the other day someone said you look like
nigel thornbury and I was like no he
does not look like no you thought Barry
a little bit like a wire jogger
we got Martina no I think you look like
stop recording this is going over um I
think you look like maybe a great no he
does not look like a Greg
I think you look alike question
clear heaven no Paul Adam you could be
an atom yeah awesome good Adam or like a
Toby or something
Oh James you look like a James Jake oh
my god yeah or a Tom you know I could
Jake or Tom yeah I could Tom no no Jake
I'm just all something really cool like
flounder Oh like crusty very crusty so
everything kind of like you make pasta
you can Eric Eric
what could I be a Sarah Carol Chloe
Chloe and Zoey
Chloe sorry um violet violet you're
turning violet violet it's real
June ain't Martha now you don't dear
Aloha it's 1:00 a.m. and we're deciding
you want make sure
Felicity is electricity and I'm afraid
for my mom
well how does it go oh nothing
Elliot yes look at doing yeah I'll be
could be a Billy do they think I could
be like her do you think I could be like
a Margo you be a Cleo you thinking of
Marjorie alternate there in your address
no I just got the wrong got Williams oh
I love you much okay ma got William
Margo right guy nice swimming baby Nigel
we Cornetto going out tonight you little
bit like a Steve do I know deafness Dave
would you say you were
Sebastian an egg was you could do an
Edward you could do an Edward yeah I'm
not an accident well accident decide
would have just sound
well I always think of Edward from
Narnia like reason we appreciate I'm
still awake at 1:00 a.m. there's never
no thanks good not good you can do
another yeah you could do a Rachel right
yeah I can do it you could do like a
Chandler or Ganta is for sure gun sir if
you have to be a character friends you
would be Gunther let's be honest
you'd be Gunther Gunther a Nigel who
would you be in friends you'd be Joey
rachana do you think yeah actually
Joey's a bit of like a I think you would
be Chandler I feel like in school I
would have been a Joey yeah cuz I ate a
lot more I think you're more of a Phoebe
if I'm honest oh yeah janae I just sort
men
yeah I think you are I think you're more
like Phoebe who do you think I'm like I
think I'm a bit like Monica I care but
then you can also be Phoebe yeah I met a
bit of Rachel maybe all three yeah you
can have all three so Gunther Phoebe
which one of Phoebe Ramon
Ruby I'm on baby Rome oh my god because
I've been crying laughing I look like
really ups my god good night mark see
you in the morning yeah yeah yeah
good night Oh kid did you damage this in
the bud
don't mean tweeted I was gonna knock
enough like that kind of rooms is scare
night
hello
