 so sexy when you start your vlog
off with a cop oh hello dougie hello
everybody so I am back now from
Edinburgh as you may notice I'm back in
my bed I'm actually watching Tonya's
vlogmas I tweeted about this yesterday
and I said that Tonya's vlogmas is one
of my favorite rug misses because me and
tan are very similar in our festivities
and the things that we do throughout
Christmastime and in order to feel
Christmasy so when I watch her vlog
missus they make me so Christmassy I've
got this little one who is very tired
hello she is very tired because
yesterday me and tan did a cover shoot
together for the dare magazine which is
the magazine in Superdrug but it was so
much fun to do that with tan because I
don't really do shoots with anybody else
especially not cover shoots they're
normally kind of on your own but it's
really nice to have someone there to
kind of bounce off of and I did actually
film yesterday I just didn't do an intro
or film anything after the shoot so I'm
gonna insert the petition now I'm whisky
and we are off to a shoe can we yeah a
double cover small ass well shoot
together first cover together and the
doggies are also coming do you know what
shoots shot over do the dog okay having
fun she having two dogs with me oh my
god she really treats Kunal I know I
don't know that she's got my girl really
jealous because she wants to get down
this is my suitcase but comfortable
around but yeah that is where we're
heading now and I'm still a little bit
sniffily and I've got that thing where
you know because you've blown your nose
so much it's so dry so make up something
really well on that yeah exactly it's
gonna be a nightmare so hopefully I
don't make anyone ill today because
apparently the end of your cold is when
you're the most contagious the beginner
note because that's when you're popping
and sneezing
and that's all the germs coming out so I
hope I don't make you ill I'm going to
be like saying yeah yeah you can't stay
away from me because we're in the
pictures together
I'm just fast when you have a girl shoot
weekend oh my gosh Iran I can't believe
that my velvet yesterday we went by
wedding I know I must actually be blown
my mind even though I know that it's
been a year did not think it would come
around that quick guys crazy oh my god
my dress really open your clock so
quality my hands times boobies ha what
are we doing happy no house is gonna be
really pleased because I wore the
trainers today that he bought me that he
always mind that I never wear look
healthy I've got them on this is sounds
dog Sidra Sydney
nah nah nah leave his balls alone
look at all the makeup I can't wait to
look half human sorted you can just walk
straight out some sequins oh yeah what
do you think Sam hello hello puppy
you
I actually can't lift my arms I've been
pinned into this dress so I'll just
anchor it like this a little bit yeah
okay so we're going out now got to find
time we're already well know what I just
realized oh and candy canes down there
don't inflate the scandal that you do
need that for a thumbnail yeah oh my god
okay yeah that's very angelic
you know I can see the girls love I know
and we've got some Christmas musical I'm
going to make me excited for Christmas
you know
around me I need to go okay we're going
we're going Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas we've done the cover shot yeah
it was so much fun I love doing shoots
of Tonya I'm gonna be so sad whenever I
have to do it on my own only even though
but I don't talk too much because I've
had me holding my breath but Todd holds
a breath and photos she's like how do
you do it though I was like I breathe
through my nose
did you yeah yeah so like now breathe
through your news it won't work hold on
let me imagine paisa night imagine
holding for a long time yeah I just like
you sure you could just it part of like
a Funko as well we're now getting
changed into outfit number two yeah um
and I think I'm wearing I'll see if R is
the sequence or more beaded beads yeah
number two doing so do we look like
we're in like a punk band yeah or like
we're in the film the crafts listen oh
no oh my god I am so excited for you to
watch it can I be there when you watch
it yeah love we need to have a film
beside a sign hocus-pocus
meets teenage girls in the 90s like
Bella play
oh yeah I never loved it you I don't
ever realize how blonde my hair is
unless I'm standing next to you and then
over so blonde I something like nasally
this is a good look honor I know I
really we could be singing like a
hardcore like well like what's the song
that she sings in the roof at the end of
10 years
oh my boy and how's it going because we
look like we should be singing now why
you don't want me I need you to leave me
I love that we're also being filmed like
oh yeah okay let's go
and with dye how don't I get wet your
boobs look great right now gee they are
a little bit out I love this kind of
okay the dress is full web and I can
show you a little bit food yeah you've
got no legs don't explain war arms like
because it has the cat please - I love
it um okay so doing a shoot with tan has
been so much fun so yeah we want to do
loads of final things - was it a serious
year it was like I like whatever shoot
that you can prove our speckle really
serious magazine shoot I thought we
would have fun with it yeah there you go
shopping together definitely feel like
we just know what to do together and we
like yeah I step forward tan steps back
head sighs we just know it Girardi so
yeah it was good but I'm not such person
so if you want from that laughs I'm
gonna photos I know I want me I'll gain
like Buddha what I want to do I want to
put loads in black and white
yeah that would be so cute wouldn't it
I'm really excited for that so now I
think we're heading home what are you
doing now
um Jim's cousins come for dinner yeah
after and I was like drama grace to be
no I know
so we've got live to leave now yeah cool
family well my lover year the fun
I don't even you I miss you and let's do
something yeah I'm happy wedding
anniversary today is been a bit of a
slow starter for me I have been ill over
the last couple of days and trying to
also get quite a lot done I'm on my
second round of reading books for the
book club the WH Smith book club that I
have done there was my eighth final
books I am doing another round there
will be another eight final books but it
does mean I'm having to read a lot of
books and I've put little covers over
them so you guys don't know what books
I'm reading and because I leave them
scattered all over the house and Alfie
films and I want them to be a surprise
the ones I've picked so I'm not giving
away which ones I'm reading or which
ones I picked until I can
actually announced my short list that is
kind of what I have been up to and I'm
going to carry on filming for the rest
of today and just merge today and
yesterday in as one vlog oh I also need
to finish editing my bath and Bodyworks
hall which I have started hadn't
finished just because I felt ill and
then I had the shoot yesterday so do
need to do that so hopefully as you're
watching this that is already up just
finished up a meeting
I think poppy is on her way over she's
gonna do some work stuff here and I have
to get on with something else I have
been well why do you is this an absence
calendar where is this come from huh
even for me
advocare's is is a little early so
another thing that is happening is this
who remembers last year when I signed
loads of these that people could grab as
a pre-order like signed pre-orders
basically even though it nearly broke my
hand and my soul to sign that many I'm
doing it again because I want as many of
you to have a signed copy as possible so
I have 20,000 that I have agreed to sign
and my deadline is the end of this month
I'm crazy
they were like how many do you want to
do I was like how many can I do without
actually hurting myself I think last
year I did fifth 14 or 15 thousand so
this year I upped it by five thousand
because I wanted as many of you as
possible if you wanted one to be able to
get one so I've started the signing
process once again I have actually been
doing this for a couple of weeks already
but I still have a lot to do there are
seven boxes in total and I feel like
there's about two and a half thousand or
two thousand eight hundred in each box I
don't know you can do the maths it that
is what my days are going to
sister so I don't really know how much
I'm going to be vlogging because there
are only so many time lapses of me
reading or signing a book tippin's
they're called tippin's I'm not really
too sure why but that's what they're
called whenever I say that to anyone I'm
like oh no I need some mighty pens I
like Sonia what now but I think it works
out that on arrival so I have had these
a while if I sign up to 500 a day
they'll be done on time I can't say I've
kept to that exact schedule because I
have been in Edinburgh I did actually
take some with me didn't actually get to
sign them though so I have to be doing a
lot of signing but how exciting is that
because it means that you guys can
preorder a signed book so when the book
comes out you will receive it in the
post signed by me and I promise you I
have signed every single one you would
be amazed the amount of people that I've
gone if you want me to I can do some
because I think I could probably do a
signature and I've got no don't even
suggest it apparently some people have
done this before I got really told off I
could never live with myself personally
if I asked somebody else to sign them so
yes I sign every single one
I do not stamp them I do not ask people
to help me I will be signing with my own
broken hand all 20,000 of these I'll
leave the links right at the top of the
description box so make sure you head on
over grab them I believe they went
pretty quickly last year so I can't
guarantee how long they'll be around for
there is a lot more this year so
possibly a bit longer but yeah if you
would like a copy a signed copy there
will be links so go on over and order
those obviously you'll only get it when
the book comes out because right now
this is all it is so these get sent back
to the printers and then these get put
into the books so this exact one I've
licked someone's going to get that sorry
about that
I licked your page
and I also accidentally cut this one
when I open the box so I mean one very
lucky person is going to receive this
one every now and then I get our free to
sign some there's actually very rare one
with my dad's signature on it and my
brother's signature on it they both
signed one of the pages when I was back
at my dad's recently so that's quite
funny I don't know who's going to get
that but anyway the reason I was coming
out here was to grab a pile sign so
let's grab this is what I'm having to do
I'm having to grab piles of them and
then take them in here whilst watching a
program or whilst doing something or if
someone's chatting to me or having
dinner and sign sign sign so I'm gonna
sit here and do this this is my pencil
case that's just chock-a-block with
brand new sharpies which makes me so
happy
hello I feel like you haven't been in my
vlog in so long Nala what you're looking
at she's watching the thing move on the
screen what is it
boys ah should we go and see poppy
should we go and see poppy
oh why are you such a good girl yeah I'm
gonna go and let poppy in and then we're
going to start on the signing
oh and whilst I've been signing I've
been watching PLL because I was so
behind and now there's the season
finales been on and I don't know what's
happened yet but everyone is saying on
Twitter oh my god what did you think of
the PLL Pullip lolly
Palala the PLL Pahlavi the PLL finale
and my answer to you is I don't know can
I haven't watched it yet but I'm really
excited to see it oh oh my god these are
so beautiful yeah give me she's like
unless there's a present for me in there
I'm not interested oh oh that's nice Oh
cake in there what have you actually
bought me all this ah look at this
yeah we've got a little system going on
so I'm signing passing them to Shaun
Shaun signing then poppy signing and
then I'm gonna sign Joe I just noticed
this all up oh he's got a little earring
in today um should you be feeding our
dog cheese they got what she loves that
think how annoyed you'd be a poppy gave
it to her hmm yeah as insured actually
holding me for four pounds earlier as in
you just found on the floor yeah no I
thought you just found one of mine put
it in there costs a lot of money
is it real silver yeah so there we go
not everyone's lining these ones make
sure you stay in the line oh oh yeah
you've got to stay very close he'll be
poo otherwise and then our Larry you've
been assigned sir oh we're also watching
the Santa Claus I mean your leftovers
and Sean's eating my leftovers yay it's
bake-off time bake-off is on I've got my
blanket and I'm gonna sign some more of
these and look we've got cakes for the
bake-off Lauren which makes me so happy
I've already won
what did you tweet three music when
Zola's watching British Bake Off
she's like a child on Christopher's Day
hey I'm like a child on Christmas Day
why they treated you five minutes ago
c'est moi surely you don't find your
remote in time we won't be happy
oh right I'm gonna watch this oh won't I
really enjoy it that's not mammy they're
just babies
I've been thoroughly enjoy your
skateboard and I'm gonna sign or even
later
I've left Alfie downstairs and I've come
up to watch the last two episodes of PLL
but I have left what I'm really excited
I have been so terrified that people are
going to spoil it on Twitter I literally
haven't been really looking on Twitter
like I've kind of browsed it but every
now and then I'll see something with
like hashtag Peter or my skip skip skip
and then I'm gonna go to sleep cuz I'm
really tired but I'm gonna say no I
I'll see you can see bye
