good morning everybody
today it is what's the day-to-day don't
mind that bastard Harry Potter on in the
background Friday today is Friday and I
basically spent all of yesterday writing
and going over book stuff which I'm
really confident is going to be done
fairly on time which is good I've also
spent the morning doing some and also
just going over some work bits emails
etc etc nothing too exciting for you to
watch this jumper Alfie bought for me
from Marsh how cute is that
he bought it as a little gift he came
back yes then he like I bought you a
present and it was this jumper which I
absolutely love it's so soft and it's
got all the things I love on it so I
really like that how cute
although you did say it was because I've
been working so hard which was also
really sweet I have a special guest
visiting me in my little lunch break
that I'm having basically Louise is
embroidered for a couple of days and she
said that she would pop in and see me
and because I'm basically just like
blocked out my diary for the past two
days and I haven't been seeing anyone or
doing anything in fact I didn't leave
the house yesterday and that was the
first time I hadn't left the house all
day since I got back from holiday so I I
actually in the evening Alfie was like
why so grumpy and I was like I'm tired
and I didn't get to leave house today
so even though I haven't left the house
yeah today either louise is popping in
on my little like lunch break to just
chill and we can have a little catch-up
which is going to be really nice she
should literally be here any second
and then the rest of the afternoon is
more writing so I'm again I'm not really
too sure if this is gonna be the whole
day that I'm gonna film or if I'm gonna
put it together with another one but
yeah that is what is happening Pressey
yes here
I do way too many snapchats for a dollar
even mine
Marla has Louise pinned down you're not
leaving tell them the story of when you
put Nala down the first time you met her
so I'm a cat person and if you like hold
it here and drop it to the floor it will
just look like she keeps putting her
foot on you right you're not going any
sure Yash were good we're not off yes we
go hello it's not Zoe it's Louise it's
chummy I've just done a lucky egg so and
we've got 25 get your shoes on chummy 25
minutes on it so we're gonna go find a
pokey stop with the lure on it
pokey dragged my enjoy love a little
poke a drag I'll poke you in your it's
evolving now I had the baby into it it's
a Pokemon trick
she's at level two or five because she's
far how many levels is she gonna have
well until she died it is 100 then yeah
chubby seems have no concept of hurrying
up four times doesn't seem to appreciate
my lucky egg sit - which is now round I
can't get my shoes on I thought someone
I'd know I'm safe at my shoes Oh
we're not gonna get out the car
try and put some new shoes and I'll show
you them these but they're way too tight
around my toes think I've got really
wide toes you don't want to know this
this is not my blog nice pants by the
way very pretty not the tons of block we
just heard to be one
I need a shoehorn to get you for
Christmas maybe just don't buy shoes
that are like made for children
you in even do them that's why you can't
get them all no I did oh yeah you did
that 100 do you want to push the seat
back a bit and die
is this how I like to do it this is how
I do this is how we do do doop oh shoot
how we do do up oh oh oh
ghastly Shh you don't even need to get
out we can sit here yeah I can make my
window yeah that's just for the aircon
back on oh do you ever do at max a/c so
chummy and I've got the exact same car
with like all the exact same features
and this is look are you ready to the
for this yeah
we still have I don't know I need 20 40
states see back to me yeah but
kikuchi wall
so understand to meddle 10 ghost type
holder Thanks
I would want to watch this would you
just like thing in the car dude one
little hippo hunch on 51 I like to watch
Pokemon
so we've got to Lausanne right baiance
what's your name
happened oh you were lucky that I was
gone when I tried to do it but like hey
how's done man
the mushrooms coconuts
they're on Mookie
thank like Naruto ah right somebody can
put inside besakih for a little time
apart
there's a drowsy not like it when the
jump have more than three times you
think that's rude does your schism a
asks if you put a little your incense on
to my own
census on your body
Amy the reason I didn't hand in my book
on time it's because do we've made we
come out of cat poop okay friends I've
come to brush your lips the reason
you're on your own for half an hour
longer that I said it's gonna be is
because I've got a lucky look I've got a
lucky egg in sense and lazy girl Pokemon
cup lady goes back to Pokemon yeah tip
number one find find so tip number one
put on your tiny trainers tiny trigger
then cut to beat b-roll of eating like
tip number two find allure find a double
Murr look
three on your hands
Monica is a drowsy
we're on to you I've got all the time
what was your best experience you could
call these pretty funny okay
Bellsprout slowpoke do you ever walk off
your eggs
near the exit Omaha we can now you ask
Amanda oh yeah
you have to be going 20 kilometres an
hour
nobody works on bikes if you live in
Northampton want to catch Abington part
because they have some tracking words
they're found all sorted
yeah I'm not gonna be happy I'm not
gonna go into a squat one that I'm not
happy for was I'm ready for the other
day chilly were you hit night um I was
talking about Louise life which is
coming up in August if you'd like to
come along
today we're still got tickets - thanks
Jimmy
lead and London still definitely I think
Birmingham is all gone have you been
married I was born early do you actually
like it I really like me I haven't been
yeah but if you go on
unplug old go for it I'll put a link in
the description everywhere if she
forgets or says if you go on
Ticketmaster and just search Louise live
it's a live comedy show I've seen it
it's really good
I drove three hours to see it and drive
three hours home love it if you could
come remember I hid in the shower yeah I
do think you're coming because I
absolutely support
you knew I was but you didn't know I'd
arrived that's just what you want before
you rush to do a big stage shows coming
to dressing room is scared shitless
we've caught a lot of Pokemon
considering haven't got anywhere yeah we
have but there's not been good one at
all done do you know what bothers me
about Pokemon when you see the leaves do
that because they don't often for me
they don't really yield as much and I
get excited when I see them does that
mean there's a pokemon nearby that's
what I thought it meds there's a Pokemon
there what do you think the Leafs mean
card you wanna walk anywhere you can
find any
what's your favorite thing to get a
Pakistan max awesome
grateful how about have one of this yeah
I like raspberries is that Pikachu no
and in Iran
I can go by
yeah the other night we were in bed and
it says that was one that neither of us
had and we got in the car and we drove
around to look for it but we did find a
really good one
show me can I come for a pokemon
catching weekend yeah well you come to
LA Hampton yeah I know I want to see the
North Hampton was this is we get some
good ones
congratulations have earned a medal for
fifty flying-type pok√©mon Oh another
Drowsy spoiling me king drowsy may you
help you this amount of breathe I feel
like I mean I'm really huge amount of
future Uncle Louie
you must be like octave yeah that's why
I was like hey Barry there's a good
breeze going here I'm so cold
me
Jim is a hypno a hypno
I could fight this gym yes I'm win it
wish we go to it I don't I got out the
car Oh jinkx Jimmy coming bothered to go
oh God Oh Jim
what's like your like kind of Grammy
stunt like the slide set with your
people like that
I'm not going to be in Strictly Come
Dancing we're into
and while essentially this didn't want
me
laughter we've done that but also
thought something else on that you know
about that another thing we're doing
Albert all the best to them I'll still
watch it will you do you know who is on
that
why can't I catch you
my whole vlog is Mitchell is gonna be
outside in the car anyone watch this far
yeah if you've watched this far comment
we'd all pedal
I love Pokemon show me so much when you
made me one one finally finally
caught my Zubat I didn't even want it we
need to get back yes we do okay let's go
can we catch you little Zuba bomb doing
around okay
just stop Louise back at her hotel and
now it is time for you to carry on
writing also just want to show you this
because it is so cool and this arrived
for me and Alfie in the post is that I
actually arrived yesterday but I wasn't
looking yesterday and it is this book by
Will Derbyshire and it's called this
modern love it is based on over 15,000
submissions from nearly 100 countries
this modern love is a unique
crowd-sourced book that gets to the
heart of modern relationships tender
funny and pathetic these letters tweets
and photos remind us that whether we're
in or out of love we're not alone and it
is honestly the nicest like coffee table
or like bathroom book it's just so cute
some of the things written in here are
so sweet and it's such an amazing idea
wills put this together so well so if
you guys want to check this out
definitely do it would also just make
the loveliest gift for someone you love
or a friend I just think this is lovely
so thank you so much for sending me that
well before I get back to my book I have
to carry on signing this little pack of
bookmarks this is for the book club it's
actually kind of terrifying having lots
of my face just like laid out on a
coffee table not sure about
even though I had quite a nice little
setup downstairs on my coffee table
there's nothing quite like being tucked
up in bed with the TV on in the
background and my laptop I just find I'm
so productive in bed I don't know why it
should technically be the other way
around but I just get stuff done I'm
comfy
I've got snacks I've got sunlight and
I've got a little bit of TV and I've got
me laptop and that is all I need
so money who is that the only thing that
is difficult about writing in bed is
having Nala refused to sit anywhere
that's not in between my life look at
this pup puppy I can't rest my laptop on
you
what are you watching and yes that is a
teriyaki or enjoy your watching Harry
Potter Harry Potter no no I don't really
want to lean this on you it's gonna hurt
I just rest my laptop on you there we go
perfect oh here we go boy looking at
she's looking at herself in the
viewfinder
the
still right with scary light under my
face there we go
