good morning everybody as you can see
I'm off to space this morning
courtesy of salmon Adam thanks guys
yeah we're having a hair day so poppies
currently having hers done how are you
feeling about the change lovin there
what are you actually having all black
all black is a new look no no I'm just
getting some blonder bits put in because
it's summer so we thought let's just go
one more blonde and then when it starts
to get all to me you're thinking of
going a little bit darker but for right
now I'm getting a bit more no do you
think this is going to be the blondest
I've ever been after there I knew that
would happen
it's like you go a little bit go a
little bit more so it is when you have
to spot et amongst all the toys it's
like just pan around where is she mother
what you doing have you found a little
spot on the sofa that it's very comfy
you're so cute
that's right
just got the olaplex on which makes my
hair a nice addition which I'm a
Mandarin buzzer here now nobody hello
pretty boy got my dog boy I'm sorry ed
my dog yay Harris Oh
and it's all like a way I might get
someone else to report it for you so you
can see it properly but Sam always does
the best job at the color like look how
much better color looks now I love it
and I've got a little bit shorter have
like my breast the poppies getting hers
dried now no case writers are just done
my makeup i frickin love my hat look how
messy my room is now oh there's no
matter how much I clean this room just
gets messy straight away
I love how sound code it as well but
wavy I love it thank you Sam Thank You
Adam
why you always make my hair at the best
ever
okay if if somebody wanted to get this
done a hairdressers what do they ask for
it's basically a bear yard but with more
black and ashy tone so yeah balayage
Audiology contain it and I'll leave
details of Sam salon in the description
below and also follow her on Instagram
because she has some great pic I always
get the best hair inspiration in Tosa
yeah it's really good just oh you're
right
oh did she oh Bobby's like if you don't
get a roll dough roll you over where
wait oh shoot it every fall actually may
pop here now in a mission to take alpha
his laptop
apparently we're his slaves but because
it's such a nice day we're gonna take
the room
laughing okay so we're going to put some
nice music on and head to a school where
they're filming something somewhere but
yeah I'm here with Sarah who has the
voice of an angel if you've not seen her
channel before I will leave it in the
description you have to go and check it
out oh my god she's yours I'm poppy who
doesn't really have the voice of an
angel we're having like a girly night in
because all the boys are I have no idea
where they are actually they've been
filming all day and we've had a Wagamama
and now we're watching what's this
called making the track naked attraction
which is where basically you're picking
a date based on their body but it's very
interesting there's a lot of nakedness I
feel like it's quite fun when you watch
it with your friends you kind of play
along like which one would you go for
that is currently too much tongue action
oh my goodness what do you think of
their faces he's really interesting hmm
Arvin's should have fun with him oh he
loves himself way too much doesn't it
he's like he's proper like morning it's
the next day now and I did say these
vlogs would be a little bit disjointed
this week so I've squished two days
together so I hope you don't mind but
that just works a little bit better for
me so today I have a smear test
I know for a lot of you watching this
you've not had one before you don't need
to have one yet or you're a pro at them
and you've already done them I haven't
ever had one before actually I I think
you get them when you're 25 I'm
currently 26 so I was like right we need
to get this sorted so I'm gonna go and
have a smear test I'm really nervous
about it I'm just if I'm honest I'm just
not the sort of person that's hugely
comfortable getting more private all the
lighting is terrible I'm just not really
the sort of person that's like hugely
comfortable with showing more private
areas to anyone that's not my boyfriend
and I've never done it before I don't
really get my boobs out I'm quite like
shy about body parts and I don't really
know why because I get everyone has them
blah blah blah but I just I've never
really had to get my boobs out or get my
vagina out for anyone who isn't like a
sexual partner so it's kind of like I
don't know if that's the bit I'm nervous
for or if actually I'm just nervous
because waiting for me is one of the
things that sort of triggers the anxious
feelings so like waiting rooms I don't
really have a fear of the dentist but I
hate waiting for the dentist because
that my imagination is far too crazy and
so giving giving me time to think about
something that I'm not sure about is
never a good situation however it's
something I'm working on and it's
something that today I am going to do
and it might not be the most comfortable
experience and it is quite terrifying
for me and it's making me very nervous
I want to do it because it's really
important to have a smear if you have
been asked to have one it's for your own
benefit and I am going to take you along
with me I'm probably not going to film
in the doctor's but I will let you know
how it goes
and I hope this in
encourages those of you who have had the
letter from your doctor and you've
solved tucked it away and been like yeah
y'all do that soon because at the end of
the day whether you're nervous to
actually have the procedure or you're
nervous for the results or you're just
nervous in general because those sorts
of things kind of set you on edge a
little bit like they do with me you know
it's all for your benefit and these
things just need to be done I'm kind of
thinking of it as like a okay so I'm not
necessarily going to get my nails done
but I'm having like a little kind of
self-care session in a different way
it's just one of those things that even
as a child I remember my mom telling me
it was a thing and me being like I never
want to do that
that sounds so terrifying but I'm here
today to tell you that if I can do it
you can do it and I'm sure I'll see you
after it's all done and I'll tell you
that it really wasn't that bad I'm just
expressing my thoughts here with you
guys right now because that's what I do
and I would be lying if I said this will
be a breeze and I'm so I'm so not
nervous at all because I am and I feel
like I'm probably not the only woman who
gets told hey guess what it's time for
your smear and goes huh oh my god no God
what I have to get spread my legs for
for for a doctor that I've never met
before and huh I mean no one enjoys a
trip to the gynecologist surely it is
one of those things that I just know is
happening so I can't get anything else
done do you know what I mean like I'm
just nervous just nervous and that's
normal that's completely normal so yeah
okay let's just go shall we
bye boys I'm not getting your vagina's
looked at enjoy their what do you mean
enjoy it no I enjoyable this is why you
don't talk to boys about smear test it's
a very positive thing yeah
doing that is very very positive and I
think it's going to be fine but I think
it's going to end and so is not you're
not coming
Oh bye oh my papi
for moral support yes we can do this you
empty that lab diamond buff we did it
like when was that two weeks ago yeah
it's fine
yeah uncomfortable but before you know
it it's over yep it's because I've had
too much time to overthink it
this is my problem I'm over-thinker
anyway we're going in now in a bit we
should be vagina luck guys I survived
you know what that was absolutely fine I
just create all these different like
versions of what could happen like is it
going to be painful what happens if it's
really painful what happens if I I don't
know here in the UK and you get a letter
sent to you when you're 25 saying hey
it's time for you to have a smear test
and it's just one of those things I was
like I know I've got the letter and I
know I need to do it but I was so scared
about it and I'd watched loads of
people's videos and like loads of my
friends are like you know you need to
get it done and I was like I will I will
I'll definitely do it and then it just
got to the point where I was like no I
really actually need to do it booked it
and they actually brought it forward
they were like oh hey I know you've got
your appointment on this date but can
you do tomorrow at 1:00 p.m. and I was
like ah I hate things being sprung on me
like that
but I also know that me leaving it is
what I tend to do so I was like yeah
sure I honestly think it wasn't that bad
I know that lots of people have
different experiences and some people
have said it's painful and some people
have said that it was absolutely fine
personally in all honesty I am not
sugarcoating this just to make you go
and get it done because you know in your
own conscious mind that you need to get
it done anyway regardless of whether
someone tells you I hurt them or someone
told you it didn't but my experience was
that it was not
uncomfortable in the slightest it didn't
hurt it didn't feel uncomfortable I
don't know I don't really know what I
thought it was going to be like but I
had no issue personally the only thing
that I felt like was weird like not
uncomfortable or awkward the only thing
that I found strange was feeling you
know the little brush that they used to
like take some a sample of like your
cervix like to take some cells I could
feel that in a place that I've never
felt anything there before almost not
like it was like behind my tummy button
even though it wasn't that high up it
was just a part of my body I've never
really thought about and all of a sudden
there was like a swab happening in that
place and I was like okay that sounds
kind of weird but it wasn't
uncomfortable or painful it was just
kind of like oh okay yeah that part of
my body does exist and that's a little
reminder of it it felt like something
was like nibbling at my cervix
that's the only way I could describe the
like brushing but it wasn't painful it
didn't hurt I thought I would feel
really awkward having to spread my legs
in front row stranger the minute I took
my pants off it was like I didn't care
anymore I don't know I just didn't think
about it there was another woman there
that was chatting to me and she was like
asking me what I did well she's like all
up in my business and it was a bit
awkward but um I don't know I'm really
actually very surprised at myself
because not that I think I'm a wimp
or that I have a really low pain
threshold but I really built it up as
something but I guess no matter what
happened it was never going to be as bad
as what I'd built up to be I suppose and
that's just the way my mind works but
I'm telling you now from one woman to
another that was really nothing for me -
what have worried about I said I said to
poppy when I came out they run me up and
said we're gonna have to do it again I
wouldn't be phased but I'd be like okay
sure like I don't know it just it was
absolutely fine for me no
discomfort no uncomfortable nurse the
buildup of it was far worse for me like
how I created it in my mind was
definitely a whole other story and I
want this to be a reminder to any of you
that have either been nervous about it
worried about it have put it off or
you've got like the letter hidden
somewhere where you know you need to go
and book it pick up the phone and book
it right now oh and there's no point
putting it off because the only person
you're ever really going to let down is
yourself because if there's something
wrong you'll never know about it
I'm so tired it receipt very well last
night you said you would have to go for
this smear I'm telling you now it really
made me very nervous I've edited my vlog
and that's gone live I'm in bed I'm not
sure how it happened but as I said I'm
very tired so I just was like I just
need to lie down and we're all going to
the cinema tonight watch The BFG which
I'm so excited about because I just
think it's gonna be amazing I was going
to say something else so now I've
forgotten it that's it as everything I
needed to say I've basically had like a
really super busy day of tying loose
ends on everything and replying to loads
of emails and now I'm chilling slash not
really because I'm going through book
stuff Oh got to get run over
I hate vlogging at the same time an
upbeat we're on our way
how are you sure I'm all good thank you
how do you in practicing that song in
French I gave you oh no oh look Jim
isn't in the window that's funny
what are you doing I saw a comment
earlier on Twitter that said that um
YouTube bully poppy we do poppies makes
you're walking launch that the biggest
smart laughing I like what we done what
you like that lets you watch other
Mercia meals here
and say yeah AJ gunshot and it punches a
cat and a dog so don't watch The BFG and
I'm really excited about it and I think
it's gonna be really good oh this is
just an amazing lighter
I want a BF Janee I loved that film it
was such a cute film if any of you loved
Roald Dahl or you've seen the original
BFG or read the book I would definitely
recommend you watch it it had some cute
cute moments poppy cried it was a moment
I probably would have right I want a BFG
like I actually want to be MJ but you
ran that yeah you sounded like my
brother hug thinking of one of your
voices or like when which is when you're
taking the mick out something that's
niche like a boy
that's because did you not know I am The
BFG the whole time I think a joke
Oh Joe would for sure be able to do that
boy yeah I really I really liked that
that is going to be like a Sunday
afternoon cosy film forevermore regi
wrecking it with a banana
yeah there were bits where I was like I
can't watch this cuz it's making me
actually feel a bit motion sick like
watching it like the angles and stuff
but yeah really loved it amazing though
