hello everybody it I can't get everyone
in there we go
wait I'll poke you little harder today
we are heading to Edinburgh but we are
actually staying in Liverpool for one
night so technically today we're heading
to Liverpool tomorrow we're heading to
Edinburgh we decided to go on a little
trip and I'm gonna vlog it because I
think it's going to be lots of fun
we have rented a bigger car I have never
driven a bigger colour before or you can
just go like this media okay I'll leave
you in charge of music know beyond today
and yeah so we are starting our journey
now we should get there by like three I
think it's a five-hour drive 3:30 yeah
so that is what is happening right to
stop off all that have you ever been to
Liverpool Liverpool I have one night
it's nice it's really nice okay so let's
just hope I can drive a Range Rover coz
I've got no choice I believe in you
Thank You Shaun I'm so excited this is
like the dream car it's nice isn't it
everyone's got a little bit more space
and you might have driven five hours in
my mini I would I would've got look and
I couldn't do it I get a number right
let's go oh my goodness it's so hot
today isn't
okay oh my guy there's money to park it
I'm actually quite impressed with that
good bit of parking straighten the lines
I could have probably moved forward a
little bit more but yay
so far so good Oh quite a room oh my god
that is definitely a bottle of pee oh
there's a bottle of we down here
disgusting
where a service station why would
someone be repeatable when there's a
toilet inside it's so hot oh my goodness
it's probably got the characters like
it's like we've been in full of a long
way to wedding I don't where we go I'm
got any money on me but come to get some
kind of road trip journey snacks road
trip journeys road trip snacks we have
no drinks
Alamo we're definitely going to get run
over run run run run run run so that's
what we're doing now get some snacks but
so far it's been such a nice journey
because the car is so much bigger and so
much more comfortable and it just feels
I don't know smoother therefore it's
made it a very enjoyable experience so
far has only been an hour so ask me
again when we get to Liverpool this is a
bit what we have to try and decide if we
want to be healthy
or not healthy I don't think I wanna
McDonald's I think I'm going to get
something from
let's be healthy today pop you want some
fruit what do I want I just
I think I want some fruit maybe some
awesome little frost breeze got a snack
and now we need to look for the boys
where the hell are they Sean did mention
a pizza yeah
not in McDonald
we're not supporting
oh well me and papi are going to go to
Edinburgh then turns out we walked
straight past them they were in KFC
here they are we've just met Freya and
Esme and they're on their way to
Brighton are you going to try carrot
cake ice cream I hope you like it
have a good time
we ready can wherever captain I do feel
like I'm the parent and you're all my
children basically just the cutest
family I've ever made my life
No
oh yeah
KITT stop number two they're a bit stop
it stop number two does anyone actually
need a number two there's a toilet I
really have no idea where we are
actually because although I do know that
we're listening to it so let them know
well now they know
I can't see your phone
we're somewhere on the insects past
Birmingham little Dino then again we
postpone the oh yeah holy moly we passed
Birmingham ages ago wearing some M&S
Worcestershire sauce crests which taste
amazing
or that Worcester sauce oh yes Worcester
no sister sauce some honey barbecue and
Sean or chocolates but okay then don't
yeah oh god no oh my god oh that's very
that's what we are sure everyone is
excited
add in the blue dot
there we go that's where we are we're
near Darby and stoke-on-trent and near
you Ellie
watch in business token trainee
Worcester how great is that we're near
Worcester oh my god you know I'd love to
do now Zoey what literally let's just
leave poppy but she's open about wait
where is she over there no come on
okay quick other doors opens go short
drop it
this is our chance guys this is what
we've been waiting for Piper
see you later she's not funny season
don't let it go good bye bye I'm gonna
jump in and go grab some stuff on the
fork jump have a we would you want sorry
Andrews I'm gonna come I'm actually I'm
just gonna stand here for a bit no
Minister commands don't want to leave my
campus Timothy yeah I'm gonna stay here
did you enjoy that no walk this is only
to stretch my legs now we're ready for a
road trip
pop - yeah how long's he gone looking
out
pop we've got so much food in here
No
you're gonna say the price you can't
touch press the red button no Sean
Preston over 3,000 children we can see
who's not gonna see battle the car tells
us yeah everyone's alright everyone's
got a fever
okay oh let's go back let's get into the
region hope you've got fat in the food
in the front
my life
nobody nobody
we are staying in a hotel called the
Titanic which me and papi found online
and it just looked so cool it's right by
the river oh my god I can't wait to get
out of the car and stretch my legs
I'm so excited and we got here and I am
NOT the biggest fan of city driving in
fact it just
I basically seize up I'm like so stiff
in my chair because I just hate driving
his is 50 but I got here it was alright
and we're at kind of peak time right now
so uh yeah let's go inside and see what
it's like
this is sick
I'm sure i traded
trying to find our rooms it please are
so cool I know we're only here for one
night I love how big and white and long
the corridors are right here's two to
six who wants this one is leather
okay oh my god weights so dogs pop have
you got the key
pop it pop one in here this is what you
get when you don't go to the London yeah
whoa ah its massive
I love it do you like it oh my god
look go fit Wow jaqen oh this is so cool
I love the like brick walls just
everything oh my god so cool I love the
Titanic the best I love a spacious the
father is my upper room 90 spacious
hello I go how come oh my let's go and
see your sister boom I'm leaving after
that yeah wait where did I just put
words in help you put the key is that
our cake we are now going to go oh it's
really bright oh no it's really door OH
we're going miss pop whose number we are
going to explore Liverpool but I have a
headache and I will listen very tired so
I don't know how long this is going to
last
well you ready let's go look at this old
derelict building a big old building to
restore
look at the little ice-cream emporium
how cute is we've come to the dark we've
come to our dock oh it's windy though
look what are you doing then oh not a
five dean you have to be and we just
having a little walk along it's such a
nice evening look at the end what we
came here with Louise did we really just
say a three years ago yeah
and we went into a museum here it was
really interesting I really enjoyed it
hello today rooms with like the things
of speak to ya oh sure you got a round
your mouth now what is this a
temperature move handle or climb on this
sculpture is not allowed to me okay
you're not allowed to go near to
sculpture guys get away from the
sculpture look at this it's so beautiful
oh no that's loads of padlocks all along
look how pretty the buildings are
and over here so we're just having a
little look around we don't really know
oh my god guys the cutest dog I've ever
seen oh my god the higher up the beetles
so there's what would you call back
statues yeah
your monument yeah no that statue
statues of the veto a really tall in
real life work is that like real that's
not real size right big guy look how
funny that is so we're going to make
pops down there and have a photo of them
oh my god yes they're quirky usually
Greggy like Fujita would you like a fat
data like Vegeta this is where me Louise
and Alfie all did a meet up around here
and it was a complete shambles and it
was crazy hectic oh look there's a
little dome
oh my god yeah there's a little Sun fit
that looks kind of scary because there's
like little barricades around it
I look rough
we're going to be angry a five-block
dungeon path i wasn't a kanay you angry
I'm frowning 20 why for a headache yeah
I think because I feel like
concentrating driving it's like my head
is stuck like this we've come into
Jaime's which is having a couple a
little dream oh I'm gonna head back to
hotel for dinner because this face isn't
around in you go in-between stage it's
gonna be not really one to jump over it
but I'm afraid if I land on the other
side I'm going to slip over how bad oh I
think you want to jump through the small
one yeah feature on no so slippy way go
yeah you're a rebel we've managed to
have a tiny mini meter you're right
there are when you're starting your menu
smaller and I just got screwed
we're now eating in the Titanic hotel
restaurant and they have some really
great things on the menu and also being
probably really just talking about the
fact that everyone in Liverpool is like
so polite considerate and just everyone
gives everyone so I don't know that boss
is happy and it's really really nice I
wish everyone all over the world like
that
what you haven't considers your caliber
bogey-bogey gallu sleep
you actually have an Olaf
oh yeah I'm guessing you're gonna get
well we're gonna share the caliber I
also kind of want chicken liver parfait
or French onion soup why don't you get
like a mixture of starters instead of a
Menor do you want to mean as well all
right I'm gonna focus on very you know
you're never being mixtures so I tried
to go voice noodles only for lunch you
know you were Netley version of the
dinner oh you have actually waited quite
a long time
good boy oh yeah
she got pizza no they can't have pizza
on her shoulder they drew me obviously a
lot wall everywhere you go I'm gonna
have my camembert
title their intimate game you want what
kind of cheese to use to entice aberrant
okay camembert
whatever man what does the cheese say
when it looks in the mirror
hello me yours nacho cheese dog dude
that's one of my favorite jokes yeah so
I went for a beat not what did I get uh
what's it called pop butternut squash
ravioli looks good
Alfie's got some chicken and mash which
I'm definitely gonna have to have a
little bit of oh you know yeah and we
have some chips too
oh my god look at the size of these
chairs I've just touched it I don't have
germs guys you gotta we've ordered some
desserts up to the room yummy do you
mind what time do you mind yes well
thank you mother's flowers oh my god
what where is it
yeah because I knew you wouldn't like
him mm-hmm oh I'm so comfortable it's so
comfortable
we had the nicest dinner they were so
lovely and the food was delicious and
the puddings were delicious ah I am
going to go to sleep I am going to take
my makeup off but I'm going to go to
sleep and tomorrow we start our
adventure up to Edinburgh so I'm excited
about that
what I am really excited about though is
my massage therapist promised me all day
the only thing about is that I literally
you said when you want your muscles like
now you're like I'll do it later
do you not want to but we all know from
the lie detector video alpha does not
enjoy giving you massages I don't think
it I don't think it took a lie detector
to work that one out though but anyway I
hope you've enjoyed the video today give
it a thumbs up if you did oh it was also
just so lovely to meet so many of you in
town today you're all just the nicest
nicest people ever yeah we said
especially Liverpool just everyone's
just so nice everyone like I said
earlier hadn't
oh yeah one of the UM guys from the
hotel let us have dinner for free
because he was like all we just want to
say thank you for staying with us and we
want to give you the dinner
complimentary and the drinks and I was
like that's so nice
how lovely anyway I'm gonna go to sleep
now guys I can't see them anymore know
that they're there goodbye say goodbye
no has anyone else noticed that outfit
you've had something with truffula and
how are you know he's not of truffle oil
no no has anyone else noticed Alfie's
growing his beard I don't know I'm just
trying I told you to just leave he
probably you trim your beard every what
three days yeah
so how long has it been now maybe that
fight I just want to see how thick it
can get it's already a lot more dense
and it's like more curly yeah where you
can pull it don't do that cuz it hurt I
think this is the longest I've ever seen
how he's been like five or six days
anyway oh wow you're crushing my sigh
got any cheese Josh um good night guys I
love you very much give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and we'll
see you tomorrow Fred and Rafa I know
you're recording massage yeah mm-hmm
yeah I love massaging you so much yeah
