normally alone no Tikal hi so this is a
little bit of a different setup I'm
actually in my bedroom that I sleep in
rather than a spare room which I don't
normally film in there's no real reason
for that it's just that most of the time
it's kind of a tip and I mostly just use
it to sleep in so I don't generally film
in here but I thought it would be quite
nice to sit here because there's some
nice light coming in through this window
today as you may or may not know I am
always working on big exciting projects
and much like last year at Christmas I
had a beauty range that came out which
was for a limited time just for the
Christmas period and into the new year
and so this year we decided to do the
same the reason I get to share this with
you now even though this is a Christmas
release and it isn't officially coming
out until the end of next month
is because there's a thing called price
establishment which basically means that
in some super drug stores they are going
to be putting these products in tomorrow
so Monday as you're watching this on
Sunday some of these products will be
going into some select super drug stores
as of tomorrow and that is that they can
price establish the products I don't
really understand that too much all I
know is they're kind of testing shelf
space seeing whether or not they're good
prices amongst other Christmas products
and the same thing happens with all
their Christmas gifting it's just what
super drug does I could have done what I
did last year and kept it quiet and just
seen you all tweeting me then because
you've seen them in your local suit
local super drug and then just have
having to ignore it and hope no one else
sees it um and some of you are going out
buying them and making videos on them
and other people were like I'm so
confused because they're not in mine and
when are they coming out and Zoe hasn't
spoken about them and it all became a
bit confusing for people so um this year
I decided to make this video even though
it is a lot earlier than
feel like it needs to be but then you're
hearing it from me and I'm getting to
show them to you and it then means I can
also share when you've all seen that and
not have to kind of keep schtum about it
so that other people don't see it and it
ruins a surprise
basically we thought it would make more
sense for me to make this video earlier
so that you could see the products last
year the scent was the classic scent so
you know it was just new products with
that same scent this year I wanted to do
something a little bit different and I
wanted to create a more festive smell
something that I knew you guys would
really really like today in this video I
get to share with you exactly what it is
that I have coming out for zoella beauty
at Christmastime and honestly I think
this is probably one of the launches I
am the most excited for I know I say
that every time but this really has been
something I've been so so excited to
share with you just because I feel like
it is a little bit different and because
you all know how much I flip in love
Christmas it kind of I don't know it's
just one of those things I've been
really really excited about also I
apologize if my mouth seems a bit
strange like I can move everything this
side this side I have a spot under my
lip and it's actually causing my this
end of my mouth to go kind of weird and
sideways and that way it happens I every
now and then I just get like a big spot
here and it messes up my mouth so if I
go it's like proper wonky it's really
really sore so yeah I mean you probably
have noticed if I hadn't pointed that
out which is probably going to be really
it like I'm gonna be doing kind of a
more in-depth video maybe using them in
some videos and kind of talking to you a
little bit more about them further on
down the line but this is kind of an
initial sneak peek here's what you're
gonna get and this is what it smells
like I posted
a tweet not too long ago saying my aim
for this Christmas is to smell
gingerbread 24/7 or something I said
something about smelling of gingerbread
at Christmastime and loads if you were
like oh my god you should bring out a
scent a gingerbread scent and I was sat
there like hahaha and some of you were
like is your new race gingerbread is
your new race gingerbread and yes the
new range is gingerbread that was kind
of my little like hint to you and also
it made me so happy how many of you are
like I wish there was a gingerbread
range I wish you'd do a ginger drain and
I was like don't you worry I have sorted
it I've actually been working on this
for over a year and I have been wearing
the scent so much the reason I wanted to
do a gingerbread scent is because it is
one of my favorite festive smells it's
it's not too kind of spicy gingerbread
it's much more of a kind of gingerbread
vanilla scent and a little bit more
wearable I can't tell you how much I
love it every time someone comes around
I need a hand cream that's one of the
products okay
so I'm going to start I'm going to start
with this so you've got three makeup
bags in one you've got big clear one
you've got this one which I flip in love
which is like glitter oh my god it's
just beautiful rose gold glitter and
then this cute little canvas one that
says throw kindness around like confetti
and those all come together in one next
up is this which I am really excited
about this is too little makeup bags one
that says best and one that says CHUM's
and the heart actually follows around to
the other side and this I think is the
perfect gift for you and your best Chum
because you get one each how much do you
love this packaging by the way oh my god
it's like crafty we kind of based it off
of last year I did a lot of gift
wrapping ideas and things and I just
love brown paper and brown paper
packages tied up with string so that's
the kind of thing we went for this is
the gingerbread Avenue fragrance set so
you get the perfume and you get the body
cream I am actually going to show you
this is the body lotion ginger cream I
love it you guys I just can't even
explain to you how good this smells oh
my god I'm so happy I can like have
these products out and use them because
I was terrified for so long I was going
to give away what this was this is what
the fragrance looks like it's called
baked my day and it has a little
gingerbread men on the back I know that
some of you might be thinking for a body
lotion gingerbread sounds amazing but
why would you want to wear the scent
trust me it just oh my god I love it
this is not a final sample I think this
is a pre-production sample but this is
sparked in a jar so you get this really
lovely plastic jar with the metallic lid
and inside you get a little zoella
flannel which I am most excited about
and it's so soft holy
I mean oops I swore that's all excited I
am guys and you get mini a mini ginger
cream and a mini shower glaze so a
gingerbread shower gel and a gingerbread
body cream and then you can keep the jar
and put I don't know brushes do you know
what would look so good in this you know
the little battery fairy lights oh they
look so good you can put cotton pads and
it has zoella on it how cool is that
embossed zoella I love it next up we
have Dec the ball balls so this is
essentially a giant ball ball filled to
the brim with shower gel gingerbread
scented shower gel it has a slight
shimmer to it which is so pretty it's
like
tiny little flecks of like iridescent
gold and it smells amazing as I
mentioned before the one thing I have
been using but I've wanted to put in a
favorites video for so long because I
think I've been using this since God
March is the hungry hands hand cream so
a lot of you love these other hand cream
so I thought it was only right to bring
out a gingerbread scented hand cream
this is my favorite hand cream ever ever
ever I am obsessed with it
I've already pretty much used up a whole
tube of this as it was a sample that
I've had for so long and I'm really
happy that's command also I just love
the freaking packaging next up is this
this is the lip balm duo you guys loved
the lip balms that we brought out last
year in the classic scent so that it was
only right to bring out another lip balm
so we have one its gingerbread scented
and we have one that is vanilla scented
and they're both in a little
heart-shaped tins thank you next up is
this which is snap fizz relax bar fizzes
and they are in the shape of gingerbread
men so you get three in here and they
smell so delicious and you can snap each
one in half so you can get six bars out
of this one of my personal favorites but
I feel like is going to be one of the
things most people are going to want I
think I am just so excited about this
this is secret Center how much you love
that little pan and in this you get all
four of the fragrances I have ever
released in miniature form blissful miss
for let spritz you've got sweet
inspirations and then it can finally
take my day how cute are these I'm
obsessed with these like actually so
obsessed this is going to be a real
winner because if you
like me and you love things in miniature
form you're going to be all over that I
also think these at my camera is
focusing on the Panda behind me instead
of my face there we go I also think
these are going to go down very well
these are crackers there's Olo beauty
crackers and it's called just crackers
and inside you have four crackers so if
you were having a little Christmas party
with your friends or you wanted to get
this as a gift for somebody I think it
would be perfect and you get four minis
there is a lip balm in here which is
exclusive to the crackers as well and
you also get a little mini ginger cream
a mini shower glaze and a mini hand
cream and the mini hand cream is the one
thing that I got really obsessed over
because I love the hand cream but when
it was in miniature form it was perfect
for my handbag and I was using it like
five times a day so yeah you get all
those things in the crackers and the
crackers even come with terrible jokes
on the back so there you go this is
let's go places which is in this
adorable little lunch box with a metal
handle and it also has this tag which
you can actually use for traveling it's
this really lovely material you can put
your details in here and it says it's a
big world out there
buy the ticket take the ride there's no
time like the present embrace new
adventures discoveries and experiences
up up and away exciting times are
calling so that is the little thing that
also comes with it and inside you get
the body wash in 100ml body cream in 100
mil a full-size hand cream and a bath
lily so it's like a good mixture of
everything and so cute for someone who
likes to travel and the last thing that
I know you're all going to love is this
which is the pamper hamper last year we
had awesome drawsome and I loved that it
was something that you could keep and
reuse and you were able to do something
with what the products came in as well
as obviously using the products so this
year we were like how can we
top it like how can we also give someone
something that they're going to want the
products but they're also going to want
what it comes in so we decided to go for
the hamper I am obsessed with this
I love hampers I have them in my
bathroom and they have things like my
bath products or bath bombs in has like
Coral straps and you get a huge array of
product in this so you get a bath Lily
and cosmetic purse the cosmetic purse
you can only get in this and it has got
bake my day on it and it has three
little gingerbread man hundred mill body
wash 100 mill body cream the hand cream
full-size fist bar and some gingerbread
bath salts which again you can only get
in this so yeah that is the pamper
hamper oh my god you believe and use it
for a picnic in the summer products will
be available from both Superdrug and
feel unique and they will all be
available from the 26th of September I
believe we still got a bit of time to go
but if anything changes I will be sure
to let you know I really hope that you
are as excited about these products as I
have been for the past year let me know
what you think tweet me if any of you go
out shopping tomorrow and you happen to
find any of these please show me which
ones you picked up let me know what you
think of the scent now I loved it
and actually a lot of boys I feel like
can wear this scent a little bit more so
because it's not um it's not a feminine
scent at all anyone can wear it so I've
had alpha using the hand cream Mark's
been using the body cream everyone's
been loving it everything and now the
only people left to test it are you guys
so let me know what you think obviously
as I said I'll be doing a little bit
more of an in-depth look at each of the
products in around a month when they
officially come out just so you can see
them up close so if you want to hold off
or your local super drug doesn't have
them in there yet then I will also do
another video later on down the line but
I'm so excited I got to share that with
you because that has been really hard
keeping that secret and
I really hope you've had a lovely
weekend I love you all so so much as
always wouldn't even be doing this
without your support and without all of
you subscribing and commenting and just
being here with me through this crazy
whirlwind adventure and now that it
includes Gingerbread I am over the moon
love you so so much and I will see you
again Rosie bye
