welcome to vlogmas day 12 we're going on
a friend holiday and I'm most excited it
was around this time last year actually
was more end of Feb 1 err yeah it didn't
stop right then
oh yeah it was quite a rainy time right
it was end of February because it was my
dad's birthday which 28th yeah so we're
doing it like a month early but we're
gonna do more friend holidays yeah I
feel like we should do it more often up
and down the country mark and Zoe laughs
on tall Sarah Mike yeah so we're heading
to Margate which I do think I said in my
previous vlog but I'm very excited we've
had mixed reactions any time I've
mentioned Margate it's either what you
going to that tall 400 meant to be so
lovely there's loads of cool places but
I do hear it's very up-and-coming and
I've seen a few people go and it looks
really really good so I bet you don't
really know what you get yourself in for
no but I've never been I'm excited but
it's so crazy that I was researching
that before you even mention yeah I know
the dreamland place Alfie's back we're
ready to go okay let's head head hit the
road let's hit the road
Paris if you've got a ferry one I like
the color color panels by Chuck why I
guess no I'll text you when I get there
bye you're a small boat I get a medium
please thank you yeah that's fine thank
you I just think that's my way I think
it's fine I've got a cheeky little
drive-through pasta take a little bow
ham and cheese toast I love it the most
I'm trying to get like the best blue egg
does your engine go off then thank you
thank you
didn't even need to know upin you know
moped do i yeah I've given you my head a
few times I didn't remember it wasn't a
piece of information that I thought I
should retain oh thank you
lucky part came out that means I won't
fight nothing okay
yeah tell her I said hi thank you hey to
you tasty oh they have an attract to
know so they wanna shake hands
oh my god he is worthy absolutely
because there's no weight on the back of
his mouth basic around him yeah I don't
like it
I swear to God No Deal what's he doing
on his buddy he's not saying headphones
listen to music
Margate common oh yeah
okay Ramsgate all great oh the guy we're
here yeah I'm gonna give you a little
air B&B tour so you walk down the
corridor from the door down this way and
this is the lovely living area I love
this everything that's going on here
some hanging plants also love this
little sofa really cute TV lots of
little lights like this which I like I
love these like old-school like benches
but a little fire so it's nice and warm
and then that is the little kitchen area
oh my god okay that's her motorbike then
you go back down here lots of artwork
and this is marks bathrooms I up in here
cuz my shower
lovely tiles then you carry on down well
this is my little outfit of the day by
the way I've got my Prada boots some a
sauce mum leopard print jeans which I'm
wearing for the first time today and I
quite like them and then this top which
says be mine is like a really lovely
light pink and that's from hmm-what and
these earrings are or you can't see them
these earrings are from ASOS as well my
rule which is lovely it's very cozy
because it's like this lovely dark blue
the bed and these lovely lies bedside
tables and then this is my bathroom
there we go walk back out here and you
have where are you you were joking
I knew you're high but we've got some
high chairs this is Mark's room which
actually I'm like so excited about it's
a double bunk bed how cool is that I did
like joke and say we should both just
stay in this room
mark wasn't so sure about that oh god
you're good are you gonna do top bet top
bunk
yeah I a I'm going to be really scared
though why I'm gonna be down there I
think some more cozy lamps love it I did
say we could toss for the rooms by the
way but mark was like no the nicer class
I have a nice room last time we'll just
take interns
it's so cozy up here mom oh my god yeah
this is so cool we could watch some
night night up here oh and you've got
some little you've got these lights up
here as well oh yeah I brought my book
oh we do now
Shira government will explore this a
little explored oh it's so high up he
found just like really unusual rings oh
love it we're in the cutest little shop
and I've picked up a candle it's a
rhubarb and ginger candle because I'm
obsessed with the smell this is too much
I think maybe you might hurt yourself
the answer lies each other what is it
like thank each other
knuckle yeah okay we've just asked the
lovely lady in that shot I forgot what
the shot was called what is it called
something adventure was it antique
adventure where to go and she's given us
a little list so we're gonna make our
way down what's this a little coffee
shop lunch and dinner
hey it's funny when you come somewhere
you've never been you just feel so
disorientated until you have a little
walk round peony okay fun it freaks go
on that in you go now we are looking for
the pizza place
Oh sticker rock and lick you can see the
see it's very good
actually clearing up by God we come in
two feet do you want a piece of me you
want a piece of me are you excited for
pizza
get your boogers out a Margate Rita come
from our gate reader the wall kind of
eating like a late lunch early dinner
avenues well that was quick
yeah that's the idea mushrooms I'm so oh
thank you
that was the fastest in the world my
pizza's also arrived in record-breaking
time Cheers
which is great likeable cheers to
Margate Morin the friends Margate
the baths to miss combination and look
you can see the sea out there we've just
come on a very I assume just the perfect
time for there to be no other people
here what marks just said
that was one of the best pizzas there's
life I'm still trying to go a mine or
almost full of it alive you can take
that and I've in the morning oh sorry
they just never called junk shops
anymore
whoa Jimmy's like growing up like we'd
always be like we only really went in
there because Mark really wanted to look
in there it was normally joe who was
into like those shops but there was
these two marks that I just couldn't
lead photos is like yeah oh I pretend to
do tonight it's like but then he said
you never know when they'll come in
handy and I was like he knows of a fraud
I just think when you see something that
tickles you you got good air yeah it's
not right
forever in a crap this is the shop we
came in earlier a little bit it is so
cute what some nice little bit haha also
love the lights in the window look how
excited Marcus he's found like a
courtyard shop he loves things like this
things are full of the most random stuff
that you just don't know what you would
ever use like like that phone book what
like all rides let me get right oh my
god is that Jabba the Hutt Oh
that's so cool look at that bear
that's huge go and stand by it laughs
you brought me man okay isn't that's
like so terrifying we're heading out to
the supermarket to get a few little air
B&B munch essentials you're always
getting dark what kind of snacks do you
want weekend fun times man yeah I feel
like this is gonna go so quickly though
we only really have all of tomorrow
hey I used to be like this is why I feel
like we got on so well
oh I never want anything to end I never
do either yeah unless I'm really not
enjoying myself but I'm all are you
always used to be that friend that was
like oh I don't want it to end ever that
I met you you're exactly the same so
literally right let's go to Morrison's
Mar ghost this town the route
this is quite this is quite this carry
car part it's like no one in here we're
trying to find the way in which ways the
doggy - stop oh there we go
we're in yeah let's get those always
when you're 100 a should we get a big
milk then oh yeah maybe we should get
the medium-size milk yeah come on Odie
I might get some bombs or some mom's
mom's remarks when in marks get bombs
off you guys oh you know we got doing we
get back in eginning currently just OB
cats oh my god we're just trying to put
a blanket up at the window because the
curtains are so see-through
and we feel very exposed there we go you
mark faris I mean it was half me half
you my idea you implemented it and that
my friend is why we work so well
together we just sat down
chillin going through some of the
pictures we've taken today which is nice
I love doing that you know at the end of
the day when you can just go through my
god can you sing another oh no one's
looking in now and I oh my god
yeah not on the door I was like running
along like there oh god oh my god cream
egg
just like you've got all your friends
you go on nights out there and then I
might be slightly boring friendly or
like yellow curry to stay in we didn't
stay in nothing any yeah I don't need
that will come a time we won't be
friends Cheers
why should we discuss today mark okay I
think we should talk about the
population of yeah today but a lie
it's an early bedtime I'm so tired I
have absolutely no idea why but I've got
that thing where my eyes are like
itching and saw I'm about to take my
makeup off don't worry I do need to go
and turn this light off and it's also
like a sauna in here
which I am not complaining about because
I love it
whenever I stay anywhere my like top 3
things are but it's warm because if I
can't warm up I don't feel relaxed or
comfortable so as long as I can make the
bedroom I'm staying in like warm then
I'm happy
what's another requirement that I like
when I go in today somewhere I like it
to be like decorated really nicely and
to have like cool touches sort things
that I would like in my own house
and then I think thirdly a bar this one
actually doesn't have a bar so it's fine
but I do love it I love when places have
baths because then if you can't warm up
if it's not warming you can jump it
apart but also just because I'm baths
really like relaxing and no matter where
you are a bath is pretty much the same
submerging yourself in hot water with a
nice bubble bath or bath bomb or
whatever I want to throw in it so it's
kind of like a home away from home which
I like I am going to
go to sleep but I hope you enjoyed day
one I am going to follow this with day
two so I beat you fair night fair night
I bid you farewell a good night and I
will see you in the morning oh I love
how that's my day start as you see
moaning in the back good morning
everybody it's Saturday and myself and
Mark are up bright and early emphasis on
the word bright because I think it's
gonna rain later so what we're doing is
like rushing around getting ready so we
can go out and make the most of like the
beach in the Sun and take some photos
and have a little explore without having
to be too cold you know you don't think
no well you're normally right about a
lot of things so I'm counting on you I
am also bringing my outfit outfit of the
day this is actually Alfie's camera it's
a fujifilm x100t knits not going to
focus but that's what it is
and then this jumper is from ASOS is a
Daisy Street jumper this coat is Bershka
another a sauce purchace Oh Gucci bag
Alfie's camera I think these are either
the Topshop mum jeans or they're a soft
mom jeans I can't remember either way
mum jeans little black belt and then I
have these which are actually new from a
source there Paul Smith and they've got
like rainbow colours around them and I
really liked them I thought they weren't
quite well with the jumper I have my Ray
Ban glasses on and a color pop orange
lipstick and then I've tried to do a
topknot I've tried to go like messy
topknot I don't think it looks that good
but you know what is about to get really
windswept it might actually improve what
it looks like you never know and I'm
also taking who I think
my instax which I am obsessed with I've
got the keys
you alright or he lost your marbles you
could live royal I used to take them
when I was younger I used to have one
every day when I was little yeah I think
my mum made me take them or maybe my
Nancy my mom they don't do that that's
called inhaling a cod liver oil a bit
disorientated in Margate I'm not gonna
lie everywhere I go I'm like where am i
we want got me powers I'm gonna predict
this is what you do it yes every day
mark loses at least five items every day
don't you yeah I did you'll come up yeah
got it got your sanity best way to be
yeah all the best people are due here
upstairs
No okay oh my god this scared the
absolute crap out of me what are they
walking around well yeah they must have
come in and the door is right next to my
room so you shadows because I just saw
oh my god like what's happening but you
felt like because I slept on the
downstairs bed oh did you get got stairs
imagine if you were upstairs then I
would've been like that blows
oh look at the sea guys oh it's so calm
in sunny day
but oh shoot you all right
the wind made mark leak from every hole
I said every day you lose it leap oh
you've got it because I was like I just
oh sorry
we're back in the is this Market Street
broad square Broad Street somewhere
we're kind of near the little shops who
went to yesterday and we're coming into
the curious a cupcake campaign very
excited balanced diet is having a
cupcake in each hand oh I agree I very
much agree your vision is elbows very
close to your body at all times you
never just like you never let your arms
out like this mark went for a raspberry
and white chocolate and I went for a
salted caramel disco
no you're not
but people win I wanna cozy cozy this so
far and very liking myself under man
you've got there
it's so much harder than you think
if you can't steer on four skate four
wheels
you got there
Oh God sorry about Natasha Camelbak
sorry
you wanna try the punch bag you look
like you could do one of those Instagram
presence what Instagram pays you know
when they sit like
just salami stone I can imagine being
here in the summer would be so nice yeah
we should
oh yeah bummer I've been there in a
really long time we've come in - achoo -
Juji cold
do you take cards
okay sorry thank you all right a check
for actual notes doesn't have coins but
I have no okay yeah deep and each yeah
we've saved the day with a fiver
couldn't live in here could yeah
he's Henry and here his wives I've got
an of Cleves Catherine Howard and
Catherine Parr and then on this side
you've got Jane Seymour and Berlin who
is executed I'm - Catherine of Aragon
which was your favorite why have
ballooned
ambolyn yeah I think she was always the
easiest one to remember it's our Thrones
mark watch out she put some clothes on
with one stroke because those whales
splashing in the sea
no you're not a shallow you under me
like for words like like hot lemon
ginger home
