hello say hello Nana good morning or
well it's actually the afternoon right
now I have been editing this video all
morning this is my thinking getting a
puppy video which I still don't know if
that's what I'm going to call it I don't
really know what to call it but I've
been like trying to find all the little
clips like old clips I can put into this
video and it's been so fun I mean I'm a
slow editor as it is but when I decide
that I want to put like little clips in
or film extra bits which actually Alf is
going to help me to do because I asked
if he could help me film some extra bits
for the video so he's kony his office
but he's gonna get back and help me um
it takes me like three times as long but
I'm really happy with it so far and I've
just found like smugger cutest clips
ever I rarely go back and watch old
vlogs of mine unless I know it's like a
poignant event or it's like something
like I know my birthday surprise which
I've watched like so many times but you
know the random kind of mundane days
I've not really gone back and watched
let alone our fees because obviously
Alfie deyes logs a lot more than I do
but I never think to go back and watch
any of
Alfie's vlogs and quite a lot of the
footage that I've got this video has
been from lots of Alfie's looks because
he actually filmed the day we brought
Nala home so I went and kind of
downloaded all of those and it's just so
funny because Alfie was doing Movember
and he has this like dodgy mustache in
like all the cute clips of Nala um but
it's so funny yeah it's just so funny I
I feel like I should watch back loads of
Alfie's old ones as well as mine because
obviously he gets like different aspects
of the day um but yeah I'm finding it
really amusing but yeah that's that's
pretty much all I've done so far today
I've done a couple of emails but it's so
hot out and I've just been sat inside
with this one
she actually can't go outside because
it's too hot for her I leave the door
open sugar out for a little bit but it's
just too hot isn't it pooch she's too
hot Poppy's coming over to work from
here for a bit as well I always find
that sometimes if you change where you
are you can become a bit more productive
and we were gonna go and sit in the pub
for a bit and try and do some work but
um because I was still like editing and
also I need Alfie to help me film a
couple of little clips to insert into
the video I couldn't leave here because
if Alfie got back he need you to help me
so I was like you come here if you like
can just chill so I think she's gonna do
that also how long is my hair now I need
to get it cut like - like here maybe Oh
gonna like inch off but yeah my hair's
grown so much I tell you what Nala bear
you got a delivery today yes you did you
got a delivery she'll go and get it
she'll go get it I love you is it wolf
box is it one of knowledge boxes ah you
see your face boom ah what is in here oh
my goodness so funny I sit a flat one
I'll she'll like that is it meant to be
like it's run over try me your dog can
hear it but you can oh don't acknowledge
an EVA oh yeah that's funny that's cool
what else have we got a hundred percent
liver you like that apple orchard and
cheese wood oven baked grain free treats
for dogs
nice Oh sex cute Chuy's squeaky bone
what else up we've got Arden Grange
Minnie crunchy bites with fresh chicken
nice oh my goodness what are these lamb
hide I've never seen those before
hmm which ones you want to try Nala is
it bit overwhelming I feel like she
can't hear it this look watcher so
unfazed he's a big good girl oh good
girl let's try one of these Arden Grange
Wow if you take away yeah she doesn't
trust me it she like that it's loud I
don't even ever had a lamb before maybe
in your food you're not sure she's like
licking off all the dust oh by box was a
success I don't think she really knows
what to do with this
why is this cumbersome VIN ah I'm not
sure how that happened my videos live it
took me so long to do that video I've
literally just been like hunched over my
laptop for most of the day um choker
really annoys me because my next is
skinny chokers just don't really fit me
we're now going to go to the park I
don't really know how warm it's going to
be I've got a leather jacket on just it
can you stop drinking from the Brita
filter that's filtered water you're back
washing into it just pour it into a
glass do you think there's no backwash
you're ridiculous
well done well done anyway we had a nice
day Alfie tell me about your day because
I really don't have much footage today
so be nice so we need to make up the
vlog that's how it works
in fact let's talk about the length of
my vlogs because they're really quite
long and I just don't know how many of
you like them long and how many of them
how many of you would prefer them to be
shorter um so let me know in the
comments if you prefer longer vlogs or
slightly shorter vlogs yes let me know
lalala
she's like mate seriously this is a bit
of a tease
you've opened the door big enough I can
see out but not big enough that I can
get out do you need more water no blind
can I ask you a question what is your
favorite treat
do you like go into the park she'll go
to the park she go for a walk different
walk Hey no yeah just waiting for daddy
here you come
yeah sometimes I wonder whether
knowledge eyeballs would actually pop
out if she got really excited look who I
found
Lu what the cat dragged in hello it's
more like a child I like your little
flick on your fringe like a little ski
slope John um update the viewers how are
you you know what I'm good plodding
along with life yeah we haven't means I
haven't spoke properly in Asia so we
actually look really good on platter
well actually I'd like to learn what
we're looking um I don't know because
either way it looks like you're looking
outwards on a scale of one to ten how
much have you missed me I'd say a solid
ah you're gonna say solid to a solid one
no point one no solid ten yeah we need
to get a day Oh what you doing Wednesday
Wednesday nothing huh Wednesday evening
let's do it okay bye oh just having to
refilm this little bit of the vlog
because I just went to film and realized
about the little like sports for I have
on with a bit see-through I'm covering
up now and now I appear to be in bed
watching one born every minute which I
haven't watched in so long because it's
one of those programs that whenever I
want to put it on Alfie goes no I don't
want to watch this so
because I'll see still downstairs I've
got it on anyway I don't really know
what footage I got from today I feel
like I didn't really get a lot but I'm
gonna see what I've got and just upload
it anyway because whether this vlog is
long or not I still want to upload it
because it was still my day um oh I know
another thing I was going to tell you
about my one second every day app I am
still loving it I mentioned it in one of
my favorites videos I feel like it
wasn't last month maybe the month before
and I've like done it every single day
I actually normally find Diaries quite
hard to fill out I'm one of these people
that's like yeah love the idea of a
diary but I just don't keep it up but
this I actually have kept up and I think
it's because I'm much more of a visual
person I see it as like my little
scrapbook and I'm really enjoying
putting things in there I don't know
whether I'll post this as a video maybe
like next year or something once I've
done like 365 days good but let me know
my holiday ones are all really nice it
kind of goes from like dreary UK to like
vibra bright amazing sunsets and like
Sun and sea and sand and then it goes
back to like really dreary UK I'm still
really enjoying it what other apps could
would I recommend to you stack stack is
a great game oh my god what else I've
got my podcasts oh my god I tell you
what I listen to on the plane on the way
home because I wanted something to like
kind of keep my attention and keep me
distracted and focused I was listening
to the podcast my dad wrote a porno it's
so funny I'm up to eight season one
episode episode 8 so I'm now up to
season 1 episode 9 but this o funny if
you're like I don't know if you've got
like a commute to work or
you get some time in your day to listen
to something definitely download my dad
wrote a porno it was really really funny
and popular listening to it on holiday
as well and every now and then you just
heard her like burst out laughing on the
sunbed it was so funny so another thing
I absolutely love you can't see my
screen though I have all these under the
health category Oh even though it was my
phone that decided these were health
oops I've lost it and I have this relax
I will show you what it looks like and
it's 28 minutes long and it's just this
guy like kind of guiding you through
like a sort of like meditation sort of
like deep relaxation and I love it I
listen to it a lot and yeah I guess he's
calling it meditation and I was
listening to that on my flight and in
the airport so if any of you struggle
with like relaxing and just I don't know
general anxiety or you find it difficult
to sleep you should definitely try this
i've also recommended this before in a
video but i still listen to it and i
still really really like it headspace is
also really good I would recommend
headspace um any photography apps I love
okay color story a color story is great
for editing photos I love this this is
what I use to edit my Instagram photos
she's pushing the baby out that was
really up close mmm
I was a big baby yeah she's had the baby
anyway I'm gonna go now I am so tired I
need to get up early tomorrow because me
and poppy are going to get our eyebrows
done so I will see you tomorrow love you
very much right
