Sasha day the startup a weekend I've
just woken up which is why I look like
I've been hit in the face with a shovel
papi is coming round because oh she's
here she's here and she wants me to do
her makeup and I took the challenge
willingly because she wants to do a lot
of glitter and it just looks so much fun
so you breakfast Oh Junior breakfast
okay poppy see ya hey you're gonna be
dizzy wait wait wait wait nunna good
girl good girl good hmm yeah I know
look at all this stuff so much glitter
I'm gonna make you look like this I hope
so oh my god when the power of it wait
for this so normal glitter I'm thinking
these yeah red then the star oh my god I
just get Pinker I just say oh is this
like pain don't forget I've got my
glow-in-the-dark paint as well yeah look
how nice that combo it oh what's this
one
ah oh my god okay very exciting should I
just do you know
yeah would you want me to do it you do
don't ya
she doesn't like it we see it the mod
yeah good morning
money good morning morning papi halfway
done oh I do at your Bob where's your
matching we'll get you the whole set so
this is a package that arrived for me
recently and I haven't been able to open
it yet look at this cool balloon can't
really see it yeah so cool and so I'm
going to open it were you I think I know
what it is it came from my publisher Oh
New York check to New York know y'all
know yo I'm King no I'm sorry quite loud
just because the music's so loud
ah I say send you a quick note say thank
you so much for doing everything
everything in your book club it really
has meant the world to me and my family
I've included a copy of my new book the
Sun is also a star and I really hope you
enjoy it it's a story of a boy and a
girl I'm 12 fateful hours in New York
City by the way I saw the cover of going
solo and it's beautiful big
congratulations to you I love the music
video to this yeah this is also a star
the girl who believes inside something
I'm so excited to meet them
let's see oh hang on stand here so then
I can get the light on you there we go
look oh my god it looks oh please don't
stab yeah so I don't actually know if I
mentioned that me Marc and Alfie are
actually going to go to pride for a bit
so we're going to try and dress up and
look a bit different but also everyone
gets involved in the fun everyone
dresses up apparently I've never been
I'm just going by wow you probably have
told me so I'm opted for this wig that I
got on eBay and I think I'm going to
wear a hat with it as well because then
it looks more real I guess I don't know
what music Marc's go on
it's like proper hardcore club music but
anyway I am currently applying the
glitter so I thought I would put me
Cameron to show you
I'm done I don't know if I like these
lips I've just done like a really dark
color pop color this one which is dr. M
I think I wore this like ages ago at
Halloween in my video with Gabby but I
really like the color night
yeah no it was and that's my go
everywhere highlight and I've got a cap
on backwards because it's a wig and I
feel like I want it to be as secure as
possible so I've put this hat on which
is alfea's hat at the moment is kind of
just covering that like little bit where
it makes it really obvious that it's a
wig not that anyone's going to think
this is you know real hair but I was
just trying to make it look as real as
possible
but yeah and then I put like edible a
holographic glitter in the middle but I
don't know if I like it so I don't know
I might change it or might leave it who
knows mark is making alfea's beard
glittery you know like you've got some
weird be born
I literally have oh it's really red
isn't it hmm
I might actually shave my beard off to
get rid of in winter you know that baby
I don't remember the last time you
shaved like your whole beard off also
your hair reminds me of Max from catfish
right now oh my gosh it does yeah
mark put um silver hairspray in it
Mark's got glitter on his cheekbone yeah
although I do feel like you guys need
more like mark why haven't you got color
in your hair you can put glitter in your
hair
ya think so I yeah what are you scared
of no he's like no one touched the
Barnett that reminds me of like a
dentist bib yeah you guys did yeah that
you sticking in yeah
sticking him really well do you think
this is just the scariest thing you've
ever seen I love this wig I wish my hair
was this long and this color okay I am
so much happier with this lip this is
the color pot man-eater and it is a like
metallic kind of to know coppery color
it's nice I feel a bit more me now
I liked the green lip I felt like I
looked a bit like I'd like surfaced from
the depths of the ocean and I'm not sure
the ocean was the look I was going for
your skin looks a lot more like like
more color yeah it like washed out a
little bit the green made me look a bit
dead yeah yeah benefit in it dead in a
good way Oh God Oh God carcass I know
you were calling me a cock I was like
all right thanks mark Mark's hair is as
prized possession okay mark you ready I
means I'm gonna have to wash my hair for
tomorrow's filming so am i but then
you'll also have to wash it for after oh
yes my boss
oh yeah oh god I can't pull the cap off
mark you've secured on didn't you so
that we could use it
georgette actually it's broken
oh it's still gonna take oh oh hello I'm
actually terrifying wait let me see
tennis 800 men
does it look good yeah yeah it looks so
good I'm a disco ball I'm a disco ball I
just got bored
Mark's just trying some boho gelato gosh
I've been better on what you think that
one is toffee nope caramel you're on the
right track toffee coffee creme brulee
oh that's lovely that one is it delish
he's also just tired carrot cake for the
first time that was your first time
trying it mmm-hmm I'm not sure what that
one is
this is shortcake sorry oh you're so
close cheesecake nope is it multiple in
that strawberry Annette fruit man from
if you say nope shall we tall no no no
this no cream tea oh there's like
strawberries cream and scones that is
amazing
and then that one's the rhubarb pie just
want to get in on this boy the Carol of
today is that your favorite as well I
wish my stream is a bit bigger than this
really
so we've got carrot cake gingersnap
creme brulee rhubarb and custard and
cream tea mark you look adorable
go look in the mirror look in that very
good I look like a caveman
is that your wear it yeah you look like
a caveman
oh here no wait to where you need to
wear them you have it looks good as a
caveman very proud of his heritage it's
very heavy it is heavy
I've got really itchy head I've just
made Evans hair pink put glitter on we
are so ready ready pop I'm never gonna
get there I'm gonna drive I'm sure okay
yes you know attempt to drive we're
going to attempt to drive the road next
to us possibly any road closer is closer
anyway we're all in which is why the
entrance gate me Oh will be no reason
open it okay I'm waiting right yeah so
nice this is very bright don't know I
don't know we're heading down to pride
which I believe oh my god let is one of
those fries see though yeah I can see
the walls got shorter Evan like poked
areas like wow it looks amazing and all
I could see was like this you know where
some giant field day yeah I know
um Evans got his mask on you so can't
tell it's here right Alan doesn't tell
me to drive down here oh my god what
good timing usually what the best
parking spot ever
yay look at the right going for air
that's what we go in everybody oh god
I'm so good night yes like all those
tickets paid we like little gravel is it
oh I just hit baby there I think you had
face my little slick
but you don't like to go last moment
we're Oh
incognito good we thought this would be
really great disguises but
I'm not sure Garth refuses to have any
color in his hair off or give it any
which is people I give it also ignoring
it and we're hearing everyone's ignoring
the roast road closed sign
looks like waving like gooey I just got
through got over expands the man who
gave me a memory spank went if you got
that mask on so that people don't know
who you are anyway yeah why is it not
working you would know all right fair
enough
well she's the best policy exactly that
was really frantic trying to get in
there I thought you that much oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah we're about to go in
oh and the reason we lost Evan is
because you didn't print his ticket out
so now he has to go through a different
queue which is really sad but we'll see
him once we get through the other side
it's babbles OH
oh you really need we ya really did away
anyway as I was saying not seven so he's
gone into a different something fake
funny in that he's had to go into a
different queue but hopefully he won't
take too much longer
it's one of those situations we just
like oh I've actually never been to
pride before have you ever been
surprised I've never been to pride
I think Alfie haven't you yeah but I
haven't been situated to pay to come in
uh you need to be free open him it was
like shoulder to shoulder no oh my god
okay well this is a lot more controlled
yeah so I've never been but it looks
like fun
I am giant where are you oh I see you I
see you yay
very
yeah literally five minutes no more you
cut what you've done like Oh mark what
time is it yes
the mask is breaking you knows I might
have to do that thing and just be like
and Germany
gone
Oh
currently on the hunt for some food
a gypsy Roundy in their immediate
palmistry you like that mop mom read oh
my god right yeah then I am off or
yellow they got paceman ants on ready
is it neat Jana Kemper so just met Chloe
and ty said that my cancer is coming off
and she was like let me just whistle my
nose so guys what we're doing look at
this is it a stick
like
means always going in the bed Zoe's
literally in the bin
it becomes let's go logical
here on in it's subtle it doesn't please
find out
you
you must have a token right play now
putting it's right
hey you'll have some fun join yourself
for an intro-level doesn't just go hey
you're right in the next time you must
fight it's open now ready for a niche
ride
you
taking
so well
so
Oh
Oh
united we stand divided before together
together we can conquer hate oh my gosh
with that I look over with what have you
done I mean a sausage might have a
glitch on it now Alfie oh no my hot dog
it looks like you've got kind of like
this sexy kind of um what's it called
when someone's gray or something Fox
Silver Fox
that's it Evan you've still got your
pink as a soldier boy it's kind of faded
to quite a cool pink nice little pastel
have you said what good sir yes you do
that has Talia what do you say I can't
even tell you how much I want to make
this wig off is so itchy
you know in its glory
I go and then one layer two layers are
you ready for this
Oh relax pop put it back on
oh god no it's very dark I guess so sure
I was just so used to living it from the
back it looks oh yeah head it does look
good hmm it is so dark
you look like your lunch lady oh good oh
my god no no I just got greasy
Oh currently in Tesco Mark's getting
himself a little snack what you got
Egham bacon and a little salad that
salad looks delicious lovely this mess
anything Evan I've had too much food
I've got some munch to some bin liners
and a pie that's exciting I know you
made a friend Laura Nolan come back see
ya pop oh no he's wasting he won't even
go in that's so well trained
what was my camera me back my camera
we're currently playing hot seat which I
like to call hot key for some reason
it's alfea's turn his question was if I
was a porn star what would my name be me
marking Evan answers this about five
minutes ago and after you answered you
done okay ready
right answers are remember pokerface
I had no lovin put on face do it this is
if I got tenure
Edna's you became my effort earlier
literally god I open up your we've
doubled off so much if I say that one
yeah okay okay come on oh yeah oh oh
pointless call our funds are the big
bash yeah
and lastly point this bow now obviously
I'm going to choose Alfonzo the longest
name right hoody which one do you think
he said Oh weakness talk Alfonzo big big
Basha or was the last one the pointless
famous bone weightless boner
what's our funds over B I think you said
our from there the big
yeah yeah exactly like oh wait we're on
the same page Elfi oh sure just do a lot
of swear a lot of beefing on there oh
stop
currently evan is in the lead oh yeah
good evening oh I'm like holding the
camera in front of my face it looks like
I put a beard so I was editing at my
vlog from pride and I remembered I
actually ended my footage where you just
saw it and I never actually finished it
because I got a really bad headache so I
went up to bed and went to sleep so I
just thought I would end this properly
now as I'm editing it I had the best
time at pride it was so amazing to be
surrounded by such positive and
confident and happy people I know that
Alfie touched on this a little bit in
his vlog but I just thought I'd
reiterate it here because I completely
agree with it but it was just a really
lovely day and it was so nice to be
around everybody who didn't give a crap
what anyone else thought it's a place
where people can just be themselves
regardless of their race their gender
who they fancy their genitals you know
that there was no discrimination against
anyone they could be who they truly are
and who they truly want to be and I
think that that was just such a special
thing to be a part of and I'm gonna go
now cuz I'm going to put this on the end
of the vlog and I really hope that you
have had a really lovely day and don't
forget be proud of who you are bloody
rocket regardless of what anyone else
thinks love is love at the end of the
day and that is all that matters and
that is what makes the world go round I
love you and I will see you again soon
bye
