good morning everybody I'm here is done
no he's very jet like how you feeling
okay
bedtime now been in America for weeks
almost yeah so it's not quite not quite
not quite with it no right so we have
them a meeting just the life of meeting
don't really does have a life of meeting
every minute every day every minute
lives and breathes meetings um yeah
so that is where we are heading to now
look at this meeting it's exciting
look Maddy you've got this whole table
just for you quite romantic
this is where I'm Alfie and poppy did
Mandarin Ickx like wedding anniversary
like couple anniversary yeah thank you
so I'm like decked it all out with
balloons and stuff it is really cool
have you painting a wall back do you
think oh they are black boys yeah very
brave kind of works though it's quite
cozy and I'm just really hoping if these
these are the best biscuits ever are
they warm they are they are warm and I'm
gonna have to have that one cuz I just
touched it I've got just put my hand on
a biscuit and then leave it what are
these or they look very healthy track
guitars
mmm I reckon they're masquerading as
healthy oh you don't think they are
there's probably quite a bit sugar in
there maybe yeah oh I'll look got
sweeties all got sherbet lemons
what are these ones Oh rhubarb and
custard they're my favourite humbugs
good selection we even got pencils I'm
very happy about that actually we like
this poor
meeting I parked my car in this weird
bit and I just didn't know if I trusted
it or not so I'm just coming me it is
such a beautiful day today I'm loving it
but yeah I was just moving my car
because we had enough time because the
other people that were meeting out there
yeah and I was like I'm just going to
move my car I just don't trust where it
is so that's what I've just come to do
god I'm so unfit I just like run up the
stairs because they smell so much today
love it
definitely one way to get a girl's
attention if you're a man in a van just
be works like a charm
I'm sold give me a number and just in
case you didn't sense the sarcasm I am
completely joking it doesn't work
catcalling is not effective ah
Wow
feel how heavy that is I did not think
it was gonna be that heavy so cool oh I
thought you were going to drop it so you
get a reflection that it makes on your
face see no friggin circle shit made out
of diamond I don't think it's that
thanks much yeah I never got this one
and now I've got the whole collection
yeah let's switch into my god the
journey right there yeah amazing the one
union right yes okay yeah that's what I
did right oh that's so cool gosh I feel
bad for you guys lugging that all this
way I'm the only female creator in the
UK with this and the only other person
who has one is Adele so there you go
yeah
now with me
I can chose brother the mastery come
from
who
now
I feel like because that all happened so
quickly I didn't actually explain what's
going on
basically I finished my meeting and I've
come to meet up with Poppy and Shawn who
are doing a bit of shopping in town
it's really busy in town today but also
there was a man busking in Churchill
Square there's like a little station
where people come back between Monday
and Friday which i think is such a cool
idea let's just enter poppy I would
never do that because I would be so
scared and then look who's in great you
cook curry Tanya burr Poppy's looking
for a book what kind of firm not cooking
not cooking I'm not cooking poor people
hunt for a cookie and I'm not picky you
cookin miss day oh here we go
no I think I've ever gotten this little
better shot this is all right is key
that's one way to put it okay this is
definitely my favorite section of the
book shop just because it has a lot of
great people
mm-hmm and Alfie obviously and it gin oh
look Jim has a pencil case for thick
sinner I didn't know that I didn't do
that one
an online pencil case using a me be me
sure we're talking about books we read
when we were younger so the books I read
were these Oh Louise Rennison ones
these were my young teen years just
about group of girls who are friends you
talk about boy's life prob right and
Shaun read dented uh the saga of Darren
Shan yeah I was like 12 I think of these
13 about a boy that became a vampire
that's like all of it my brother used to
read um I don't remember Captain
Underpants no it was a series of books
series of unfortunate events oh I think
he did read those yeah
no Mason it get those are the ones Joe
read okay
I've kind of propped you on my passenger
seat while we get out of this car park
god I hate this space this is the worst
place I could parked in because I can't
actually get around oh my god this is
the worst place I could try to park I
can't get out
i legit cannot I'm gonna go and get now
I get my laptop and then we are going to
poppy and Sean's it cannot create
there's probably people laughing at me
this is the worst part the carpark oh my
goodness
okay I'm out and then we're going to go
back to poppy and Sean's and poppy is
doing like a lunch for all her family
which is going to be nice so I'm going
to help her do that I'm gonna get my
laptop so that I can also edit my blog
from yesterday because I haven't done it
yet and I need to do it all so this is
probably TMI but I have the worst period
pains in the world all the way through
my meeting I was like scrunching up in a
ball on my chair like mm-hmm
because I was just in so much pain so I
obviously need to buy some tablets or
grab my feminist which actually is one
of the best things you could possibly
take for period cramps or headaches
coming out of car parks is like whizzing
round a how to skelter
I've got my ticket I'm happy I didn't
manage to lose it from a ticket machine
to the outside dick it bit
Oh
didn't even need to put my dick it in hi
waste of paper okay just read my my
vehicle number play my hair these
sunglasses are really stuck in my head
uh I um I'll be ready to go
got this one now sit down though she's
got a little doggie seatbelt on but she
does look currently like she doesn't
he's like where are we going uh I don't
know why she gets like this every time
we come to offering sean's it's like she
cries to get out
literally when we're five minutes away
you're on camera everyone can see you
fro in a hissy fit yes they can she just
gets too excited
good ha hey I know we're gonna go we're
not going to leave you here you just
have to calm down thank you let's go I
need to sort this hair out with these
glasses okay so me and Sean have been
sent out on the mission to find two nice
plants I'm just not sure that the
insurer are the best people to do this
I'm going to get some cakes after that
yeah cakes are a bit more because yeah
pick arose Nala is literally going crazy
look at all these are like you don't
growing inside a non spiky ball oh my
god they're weird on me yeah what is
that
we're fighting distracted yeah this is
our problem this is why we're not been
able to get anything done and we're also
trying to catch pokemon saying good yeah
look at it looks so good
look at this dog she's scared like a big
baby a big furry baby we got quite a few
tell you hey young ego - these are the
ones we selected in the end what's your
favorite hmm why is that one I denied
you know but like I did yeah I think
this is my favorite dilemma no wrong
with it yeah that was over yeah these
are free creme brulee yeah I'm excited
to try that one rhubarb raspberry and
creme brulee what was this one just
sherbet are thanks strawberry custard
yeah that that was rise we passion fruit
and something oh my god
why how would you do this okay
can the little spread Poppy's got so far
yeah such a good entertainer fingers
amateurs I take my that name
yeah so we spent lots of time with
Poppy's fan and I mean it goes
konnichiwa the captured rings I'm gonna
catch you jinx I just caught a jinx
we've just come out to another little
flower shop oh come on our turn go on a
stop
poppy driving is like my favorite thing
ever a road rage is real and so we've
come out to another little flower shop
and it was a success we got some cute
okay she wants to get run over I bet she
was playing Pokemon I think sure she was
and now what I bet you want to get rid
of me now we're gonna go party we should
go in it for Pokemon I'm already looking
when it's not with this lean glitching
alone on rock my she's very tired he's
you know me with me cuz she's had lots
of
tension for the past like two hours and
not had any sleep so she's definitely
doing out I don't know the world I'm
editing now I'm Philip poppy insurance I
did ask them if they needed me to go but
no Darley I'd lead you to leave I need
you to leave right now
why just go I don't know why but you
have to go what are you doing back she
say Brian I'm trying to me the sound you
just made out of it oh is it normal that
when I shut my eyes I can see a little
black dot in my vision probably
oh she's back she actually does she has
endless I think important contact she
faces that she doesn't have to talk to
me she's made people up so she doesn't
have to speak to me Bonjour Sarah Sarah
doesn't exist what shooting Oh
Nullah anyway I've got that thing where
my makeup looks rear ank I think you
should do doing Poppy's make up doing
Poppy's makeup or you could try and do
mine I could join the your makeup I
think I'd be quite good so quite good at
painting faces on have you done face
painting before nose in like the train I
know what you meant your painting
yeah I know Sean is really good but as a
alfie and I we made for alomar said
earlier you do are the first in
photography though yeah why not actually
fine art by great are those it drowsy
I'm just like bored of drowsies that
have to say that's hot like so he's
literally
phone on the side waiting for a Pokemon
to come up yeah and it's a drowsy I'm
not out there why is my hair getting
wider as the day goes on I don't just
not sure about that that fringe is
coming anyway yeah I think I'd be quite
good at makeup yeah I think you should
try it uh NOLA NOLA she's literally just
trying to find anything to buy what is
on that sofa her what Shawn doing is to
what your harness on is it who you think
we're going she's so tired but she won't
sleep me do toy how many of your dogs
just barked at my vlog all right my life
no I referred to sure demanded of
everything we did we had to thing like
- something
ready are you ready you ready kids
it would help if the words one in
Spanish korrasami on the council that's
why LM the O Dwarfs K for Quincy nice
Aquila queer the man possess me lo
thinner oh I can use it up at mountain
Simeone Pentimento honey blaze Mario's
it no se cuida voices what are we doing
this your también los you bet boom
yummy no forget always enjoy I sound
like throwing in so many different
accents
French Bulldog yay is just showing I'll
feel like garlic ah crazy I didn't
really get to fully like tremble in my
excitement because um the YouTube ladies
were there but when they gave back they
were like we've got a present for you I
was like oh my god no wait what what is
that and it was my diamond flack which I
am just cleaning I'm excited for look it
came with a little cloth to clean the
fingerprints off which I've already done
a couple of times just look how crazy
that is
like how crazy is that ten million thank
you guys so much you are as I always say
the best viewers thank you for staying
please watch shape I know and just thank
you for being the best the best
community ever there's 10 million of us
now and I've got a award trophy plaque
diamond thing to prove it we're now
walking out to dinner but I'm not now
feat Pokemon guy and now that he's
filming it I've lost him even more
we also lost puppy because I stopped to
wait for Alfie thinking that he wouldn't
take long and poppy got the phone she
carried on walking and then I realized
there's no point waiting bout he could
be taking so long and I should have gone
with poppy but Poppy's like way up so
I'm just kind of walking between the two
of them going to the Dyke for dinner
which were excited about and I also have
brought my laptop with me because I
clicked to upload my video and I left it
processing so there's a couple of little
bits I need to do before I set it live
and I've got my thumbnail and everything
on this laptop so bringing it with me
I've caught up with poppy but we've lost
our fee and we started sure he wasn't
even I know
let me know in the comments how many of
you have lost your partners to Pokemon
because I actually have physically lost
Alfie better fly I don't know where he
is happiness oh he knows where we're
going will be be rising like ham I love
them I love a little coziness the bear
oh my god is actually maybe that's what
they got me it's right there we found it
what the hit no it is how did that play
he just liked like so no J holy crap
Alex bloody good can I have a Marmite
chair oh that's today
oh my god oh my god that just amazed you
think so well I don't wanna be coming to
you thank you oh my god
holy moly that looks amazing what's this
Lucchese Sean you were never you are
never gonna finish that it's up yes
thank you thank you very much thank you
drag look look at the oh I think we
should do pop I think we should late
notice okay why should we go wait wait
wait I can't go get a verse let's go
find nothing I got no but I should put
your quietly
okay still haven't notice that we're not
here shit boy
litchi the neither of them have looked
up to notice that we're gone or our TV
antenna hey I just fall in there yeah
just make a noise like oh look a little
we can do it even louder like actually
scream they just look tougher when what
he doing oh god I'm actually like paying
well guys it was what we had a solution
to get their attention
you were wrong because it didn't work
then spin
why can't you saw it so wasting I don't
know do we can go any faster this does
feel quite fast is that relaxing get
order this is already making me dizzy
round and round I think you know what
throws me off is that it's on a tilt
yeah so one minute you're up and then
you go down like that
yeah I'm just not sure okay yeah oh my
god I'm so dizzy when you fell yeah okay
well right I'm gonna do this obstacle
course
you ready where'd you start over here
it's bit difficult one-handed OpenAL I
uh I just feel
I just feel quite difficult
those genuine actual screams we're now
home from our Pokemon and playground
adventures it's quite late so I thought
I would end the vlog fucking Shauna
Stowe here but they've gotta be up early
tomorrow so they can't stay round Mugabi
ups
even though poppy actually probably does
want to stay around I want to stay
around not gonna lie the spare bed in
this house is where you gotta be um but
yeah what an exciting day it's been
dumped lack what else exciting
take your adventures just an all-around
great day singing songs in Spanish I
really hope that you guys learned
something and I just want to say I love
you all very much and how amazing is it
that there's any of us Oh bless you we
don't show yet so goodnight from me
poppy
and Shawn we all love you all of their
books
thank you for my diamond plaque goodbye
so long farewell I'll be dissing ciao
sono for e ended the vlog but when I
told Elfie I'd ended it here's Rhys a
peahen said good night oh I didn't get
say good night to your vlog and I ended
your vlog last night for you yeah you
did thanks lucky and apart from how long
did I end up then sleeping like that I
gave you watch you in the Micro a sore
thumb copy this is the worst and
literally to us and look this better now
looks like a naked I'm gonna get a pop
lectures on guys anyway Alfie just
wanted to say good night
and that guys thank you for watching the
vlog thank you again love you okay
goodbye
