a reporter are we popped up I'll be born
and that boy looks really cute like that
it's like a little of that you don't
know I like it I write it right so at
the moment we're waiting for Alfie does
his hair makeup yeah waiting for Alfie
because we're all going to go the full
breakfast because poppy and Shawn stayed
round last night I woke up all right
let's go get that's not gonna name I
don't know where we're going to go to
eat though either IgG or 6 or somewhere
in home Harry Potter land have you
actually been to the Harry Potter
studios the Warner Brothers lawyers it's
like near London Watford ok never be
it's really good are we popular anymore
sir oh look at Ginny's are still loving
their little house
ah isn't it so cute do they eat it yeah
if I pay them really show off
look at his mouth I love it guinea pig
valves are one of my favourite things
they just instantly make me really happy
we're currently in sick
and quick Mongo has just been officially
released on the App Store no no we're
dodgy links anymore it's actually out so
if any of you were wondering from one of
my previous locks when you could
download it away if you get it from it's
out now on the App Store on iPhone
anyway it was on the App Store already
for Android right but it was no ok I
don't know
so we're all just not here playing again
you're Beck's waiting forever
we insure now because they had lots of
errands to run and we've actually come
to Adelaide Crescent which is in Hove
and it's beautiful this is probably my
favorite Crescent this is a good likely
you just look at this look at this this
is amazing I love it here especially
when the sun's out yeah I know it
actually turned out to be a really nice
day so naturally that's like the tents
over there someone's like you see that
what over there a dog
Pikachu oh sure right but um yeah it's
actually turned out to be a really nice
day so we've come pokemon hunting which
makes me say oh that dog is cute oh yeah
hello we are now having a little sit
down on the beach which I feel like we
haven't done in a really long time I
never properly sit down I come down to
the beach but I never sit on there at
the stones I really like them when we
came down here one I like once in the
morning down there and you were like
wearing your onesie and stuff yeah it
was like one ayah and one of the blobs
yeah I really loved that that's when I
used to live on the seafront it was like
so much easier to come down but we are
playing a bit of Pokemon getting a
little bit of Sun breathing in the sea
air and just chill in on the stones and
I really really like it I feel like we
should do this way more I couldn't
imagine not never near the beach because
I've lived here since I was like three
years old sometimes I forget I live near
the beach I know that sounds ridiculous
but I think because I haven't lived here
all my life I forget it's a seaside town
do you remember the first night you
about to say that something just
migrated
it's a bloody Pidgey yeah the first time
I came to visit Alfie I was walking down
the street and I was like just off of
the train just off got off the train
walking down I was like oh my god this
feels like a seaside town and Alfie was
like it is a sea so - thank you boys
that's exactly what it is and I was like
oh yeah everyone says hello you can
smell not like salt from the sea but you
can just smell like fresh when you get
into Brighton
I honestly pressure Batali from London
anyway I honestly believe sea air is
actually good for you I just do mentally
if not like act like technically yeah
mentally it's good here yeah I just - so
chill I think besides the noise of
sirens which is currently going on that
sounds like a lot of sirens as well
besides the sirens I think the sound of
the sea is like my most relaxing sound
ever although last night after my bath
and we had that spa music on Alfie
actually asked me to leave on whilst we
fell asleep just realise it was like a
six-hour playlist I woke up at like 2:00
a.m. no no still I am determined chuckle
I was like okay I think we need to
actually - um no it's frozen
do you know what even though Pokemon go
has actually come up properly my cruise
is three times the service still aren't
the best so gonna have to restart that
nobody else download if you haven't
already because I don't want it to be
even more like it yeah I feel like it is
probably just because so many people are
downloading it today like officially but
yeah it's just it's still not great
still not great and it is every time I
try and catch a decent folk Hans it
crashes every time it's like I throw a
ball doesn't work I throw another ball
it doesn't work third ball I catch it
and then it freezes freezes
oh and weighing
but yeah it doesn't really matter
because we've got the C and thumbs out
so regardless of what Pokemon I catch
today I'm happy anyway my hay fever is
not good today how is yours fine we must
have a different type there some people
get affected by different types unless
I'm getting out but my node is like a
tap I'm not enjoying it
you mind showing them my outfit today of
course I love your outfit today
yeah I'm not so sure about that but I
like the color and I kind of like style
no I really like it like it looks like
I've got my pajamas on that's really
chilled you're not hot in your jacket
though I'm not sweating out in the
t-shirt i'ma leave a link to this in the
description box
I always do with every outfit that I can
find online
yeah it's just easy isn't it all in one
walking away today that is it done I
love a pocket and it's car key what you
like and I really like they're like no
sleeves this
but yeah just watch oh yeah whilst I was
also talking about fat my nose won't
stop running success sundown no roof
down so now Sun out roof down yeah
I received a little Buddha so I thought
I'd show you open it on camera try it on
see if there's anything I want to keep
seasonally always sent back because you
guys really like these videos and
actually I really liked watching them as
well but I don't think I've ever done
one where of opened it on camera before
so that's what we're gonna do now where
should I put my camera a lot of what I
bought recently was for shall we say
much hotter climates and that was fine
when I was in holiday but when I got
back from holiday and it wasn't quite as
sunny and nice I was like I know gonna
have a massive wardrobe here up before I
went on holiday and anything I bought
since then was for the beach I now I
really have a lot of showers a British
summer clothes or new British displays
I'm never really short clothes so that
was a silly thing to say it's the first
thing we have here is boohoo lightweight
it is sweat you guys might have noticed
that I've been like living in a certain
gray hoodie that I have but I really
like and I just kind of throw these on
because they're just really easy to wear
especially under like jackets and things
so I just got this gray one from boohoo
this looks fine to me oh my god I'm just
so sexy
this is Chuck cotton cardigan in rim
know what I really liked it it was
called a Chuck on cardigan because I
feel like that's a very good description
of what a lot of people do and they wear
a cardigan they chuck it on oh this is
soft obviously not with this out there I
like it it's cozy and it's very soft
Free People Beach juncker with hood Oh
what I liked this now don't be fooled by
the fact that it says beach jumper
because I really liked that this was
cropped I just thought it was the cutest
thing ever and it has a really big herd
look at this oh my god I think I like
love this already
Lana oh yeah
probably supposed to go behind my head
Oh cute I like this and it's cropped a
freaky clipper tees are actually really
great second bag okay what is the basis
woven peg trousers has anyone been
watching my videos long enough to
remember the time I hated jeans and I
never wore jeans guess what now pretty
much in my where is jeans so I'm
constantly on the lookout for trousers
that are like smart and cool but aren't
jeans we should be ripping these bags
like this because if we need to send
something back they're just literally
playing black smart trousers I'm
probably going to roll up at the end and
wear with some heels or combi even
though at the start this I was like I
needed some non beach British summer
clothes I did buy a bikini
but the keys can be worn to the spa so
oh my god this bikini top is wait is it
one of those ones that way
oh you tie it right got you tie it up in
the middle let me just tie it up so it
makes sense to look at I think it's
because I really love pink with the
green leaf I think these are misguided
yeah misguided and they really weren't
that expensive these were like really
good good a UK for nude a soft
sleeveless body in fine oh I got this
because I thought I wonder if I can pull
off this color now I have a tan see this
color I think goes really nice with
khaki it's very thin very look you can
see through it but I love the color
oh yeah oh it's very long whose body is
that long maybe I'll try those on with
the black trousers well I got some boot
these are from June obviously everything
is from ASOS but they have other things
on that I like these I just wanted some
like black you know standard flat boots
but I quite like the chunkiness of this
heel and I'm really like that this front
bit is like leathery and this back fit
is sweidy with zips on both sides
I love okay I'm very happy with these
very I think these are my favorite
things like well pick up this top which
is from young Bohemians
that it creased oh it's really cute
look it's got like flared sleeves it's
really floaty this would look so nice
with some black denim high-waisted
trousers I love the neckline on there
what another tea bag oh it's a skirt how
cute is this denim skirt it's by monkey
and it has a zip I wonder if this goes
all the way down huh
it does would you look at that
these look like jeans oh I like okay
these are noisy May and these are like
mom jeans now I live in mom jeans at the
moment I just love them and these have
got a little cool and an ice cream and
piece of watermelon on this side I just
thought they were quite cool I have um
some dungarees and some jeans with lots
of different like patches on I
absolutely love but these ones aren't
tiny bit more subtle so if you like the
patches but you don't want to go really
overboard these ones are pretty good
try them on they look very long did I
get the right size the answer to that
question is no the right waist but I
didn't get the right length so I'm gonna
have to roll those up which terminus I
do with most things anyway oh this looks
like a pretty summer of your Reyes ah oh
my god
this is so effing cute this is just a
sauce patty oh my god I'm so glad I
bought this it reminds me of like a
little dress you would put a doll so as
a high-neck but the back has a little
bow and like a cutout hole and then a
zip and then look
bottom that with a pair of black boots
and a little black floppy hat holy crap
I love it kind of wish I had this for my
holiday now but oh well if we have a bit
of Sun here now I can still wear it I
love that okay that's also one of my fav
thing guys is nothing in this thing I
don't look here also picked up this
which is a little swing dress and it's
ah this like yellowy color I just don't
really have anything of like pretty
color and then it has like little
exposed bits for your shoulder I like
that we will try that on the last thing
I bought which was a little bit more
pricey but I saw it and I was like oh I
feel like I love that and I want to try
it on if I don't then I don't
it's a hmm scotch and Soda coat so I'm
going to open it carefully because if I
don't like this it will be going back so
this is the coat the jacket a coat it
just looks so snug I'm going to have to
try this on but how snuggly is this
going to be in autumn I know I'm already
thinking water to be fair it's cold
enough here most days but you know what
I actually don't love this on me I'm
just not sure about the color I thought
this color would look nice because I had
a bit of a tan and maybe I'm just not
sure about these bits I think I would
prefer it if they weren't there no I'm
not I'm not loving this okay now this I
love look how cute oh yeah I like this I
think this looks nice ding
I just don't know okay I have the skirt
on which I like and just put this like
jumper beach hoodie on as well just to
show you with that this is the top it's
so cute
I like this trousers I like these can't
really see my feet and you and this top
is a whistles top I have but it's just
an example probably how I would wear the
trousers but I like these they feel
smart okay so the only thing I really
need to make a decision on is this coat
which I'm still not sure about let me
know what you think I'm probably just
gonna ask people that I know as well
because I don't know undecided I don't
like it makes me look quite like boxy
round here I think like if that stayed
opened up for me that's like way better
but I don't know I don't know I'm gonna
go put my PJ bottoms on I am just about
ready to go to sleep
look I've got Christmas PJs on and
they're not even mine they're our feet
right I really fancy like a calming tea
or like a chamomile tea or peppermint
tea just a tea also what is this I could
tell you what this is massive hormonal
spot on my chin let's go see what Alfie
deyes is doing oh my goodness
I've better all about that ambient
lighting have you finished your work for
today
you ready the jobless yeah but the thing
is we need to go get food because no one
can deliver you know when you're hungry
what you're also really thirsty and you
feel like you could down a whole like
drink I'm going to make a lime juice I'm
going to make a lime drink I could
really have a tenant on it I thought she
leaves the food so if you guys don't
already know when we give not a retreat
yes so she gets so excited that she's
that far and that Mike's out your hand
doesn't hurt but it's just like pretty
aggressive and I thought she leaves her
food because we make a Leever so when I
gave her a retreat to that but on the
floor another weight made us sit next to
him wait Oh ugly a tree it didn't work
the first time first time she's grabbed
off the floor then the second time it
worked I wish we could do that so that
she would wait next to us instead of
just trying to run off at any time we
take up food even gradually but what we
you can do is that the treat my hand say
wait and then go for it hmm just bit
more chilled this gradually prolong
obedient doggy 101 want to say anything
to your subscribers anything else
no that'll sleep well tell them to get
the video thumbs up subscribe yes
one piece of advice that's a good one
isn't a second hi Zoe
we'll see you soon thank you for
watching the video
