you
you
good morning oh there we go so my little
makeup doing session doing makeup me
doing my makeup stopped because Maddie
arrived so I just turned it off but I am
totally rapping Tanya burr Beauty today
I've got this eyeshadow palette on which
is birthday suit and I also have the
matte lip on which is Martha Moo look
how beautiful this color is I love it I
felt like it looks slightly different on
me than it does on Tom I don't know
anyway I have meetings this morning I'm
doing that thing where my hair really
needs a wash but I'm going to pretend
that it's absolutely fine and I will
just try and disguise the grease with
dry shampoo it's fine right I'm gonna
take my laptop downstairs and I need to
have breakfast I think I might make a
smoothie also look I tidied my makeup
thingy yesterday and now look like it
just becomes a mess so easily oh well I
hope you're having a wonderful day so
far I am although I woke up with a
headache so I'm gonna go and take a
tablet because I hate that I like downed
a bottle of water as well but that
didn't work so I think I pulled
something in my neck in the night and
now I've got headaches I could really do
with a massage hint hint Alfie deyes
okay I'm gonna try and do a cinnamon
rolls smoothie which is bananas cinnamon
oats almond milk a bit of vanilla and
some honey and some brown sugar and it's
supposed to have yogurt in it but I
don't have any yogurt so we're doing it
without you're good and with a bit of
honey instead
not sure about this this is warm because
it's got no light well I mean it it's
got almond milk that's been in the
fridge but it's actually warm and with
but it's pure sugar yeah it's really
sugary it's very sweet and I don't think
I'm gonna put in an envelope you tried
that before
that's not good I mean to me it tastes
very sweet it's quite sweet no it's good
I think if it was cold I would actually
love that because I like quite sweet I
think I would recommend ice yeah hmm to
make it less sweet maybe I shouldn't
have put honey in maybe you should put
either sugar or honey or not both yeah
and I think a bit more cinnamon yeah a
smidgen more anyway experimental
smoothie session done meeting is done
that was a long old meeting it's now
half past one I feel really bad because
on days like this I don't feel like the
vlogs are going to be much fun but I
told myself I would feel more even if my
days won necessarily is fun and kind of
carefree as you or I might like them to
be because there are going to be days
when I have to do meetings and as much
as meetings take up a lot of time and
they're not so great or entertaining for
you
guys to watch they have to happen
whether I like it or not because
otherwise things don't get done so if
you haven't noticed already meetings
happen pretty regularly and that is a
huge huge part of my life so I am going
to document it even though it's not so
fun but it's also really great for me to
look back on because sometimes I can be
like when did I have that meeting or I
don't remember or when was that and
actually I remember because I've logged
it or I've logged the day can't actually
block my meetings that would be slightly
awkward that would be weird it would be
like you are included in all the
meetings am I allowed to say that I'm
probably not allowed to say that it was
a very exciting meeting I am going to
now edit my vlog I feel like I've edited
most of it already and my camera battery
is flashing so I need to be quick
Harry Potter is on I never thought the
other day Alfie was like you watch this
at least like twice a week and I was
like don't over exaggerate but because
I've now got into watching it and it's
always on sky it's just a great bit of
background noise
are any of you similar to me in a sense
that I can't do work in silence I just
can't do it I have to have something on
in the background I feel like a creative
mind never like silence is that a quote
I don't know my creative mind doesn't
like silence I much prefer with a bit of
noise in the background or something
happening behind behind me or around me
even when I read I kind of like to have
music on or a film on even though I
can't really pay full attention to it
it's quite comforting to know that
there's some something else going on so
yeah let me know if you're similar to me
in that aspect I always used to listen
to tapes before going to bed when I was
younger as well because silence before
going to sleep is not fun I'm not sure
how I just got onto that ramble sorry
can we just take a moment look at this
dog look at you you can't be you could
be her ears
why are you doing that they're trying to
make them love you because you know the
cameras on you you're trying to be all
cute you try to be all cute
I wish you could see well I could see
right now look at this dog why are you
so cute puppy you're funny doggy hello
hello
some very strong believer that
negativity breeds negativity you
surround yourself with negativity you
become a negative person which is why I
think for me over the years I have
really focused on the positive I
surround myself with positive people
positive influences I am inspired by
positive people and I want whatever I
put out into the world to have a
positive effect on other people who also
might need that I guess this is
something that I think about quite
regularly because it's a huge huge part
of what I do and it's also a question
that gets brought up a lot whenever I do
interviews with people whenever I meet
someone whenever someone else is
interested in becoming a youtuber or
doing something online one of the main
questions I get asked about is how do
you deal with hate and it actually makes
me quite sad to say I feel like I've
actually grown a really thick skin over
the past two years definitely and I've
kind of got used to it there really is
nothing anyone could say to me that
would affect me anymore in the way that
it has previously that's not to say that
things people say don't still affect me
in some way because some days I'll be
having a really crap
day and someone might say something that
really kind of sticks with me but I feel
like over the years I've really learned
how to listen to something negative read
something negative hold on to it for a
couple of seconds think about it process
it and drop it and that is so hard I
have so many friends that also do this
online and it makes me so sad in my
heart to watch them struggling with this
I almost find it harder to watch it
happen to someone else that's just the
sort of person I am it just makes me so
sad because I know those people really
well and even though you guys know a lot
about me you know a lot about my friends
you know a lot about your favorite
youtuber you don't know everything you
don't know them like their family you
don't know them like their close friends
and really even their friends and family
don't know them to the extent that they
really know themselves and it's it's
hard because when you see how hate
affects people differently and it does
no two people will react the same way to
anything and I think a lot of people
forget that you know just because
someone might have a really large
following doesn't automatically entitle
somebody to have this opinion of them
like I totally get that
youtubers put their lives out there but
there isn't this automatic rule that
once you're a youtuber you've given up
every right to not be criticized to not
be hated on to not be stalked to not be
trolled like that right does not
automatically get taken away from you
that's not like a rule that comes with
YouTube it's a rule that I think a lot
of people justify with themselves to
make themselves feel better about being
mean the fact that someone has five
million subscribers 10 million
subscribers a hundred thousand subscribe
there's 20 subscribers makes no
difference on how you should treat them
they are still human being every single
person you meet in the street whether
they look like they've got their lives
together or not have demons they have
things that they are struggling with on
a day to day basis whether they choose
to share that online or whether they
choose to keep that to themselves
because that's the best way they can
deal with it you don't know you really
don't know you have to treat every
single person with respect and you need
to treat people like people it's it just
it baffles me how some people just think
that it's okay to be a certain way
towards someone because they have a
following because they share their lives
online it's not a right that gets taken
away from someone it's not your choice
to decide whether or not you can say
something like that oh but it's fine
because they've got this many
subscribers so they're open for
criticism if someone asks for your
criticism give it kindly you don't have
to be a mean person if someone doesn't
ask for your criticism respect that to
be able to film your life and put videos
online is a life adjustment there are so
many things that people have to learn
and deal with on YouTube and I just feel
like having watched so many of my
friends dealing with certain aspects of
online negativity makes me sad that it's
still a thing and that people still
think that it's okay to treat other
human beings who they really don't know
the ins and outs of you don't know their
past you don't know the things they
might be dealing with that they might
not be sharing have some compassion I
have completely come to terms with
haters and trolls and like I said
there's really not a lot you can say to
me that will affect me in the same way
that it might have done two three even
six years ago
but it's sad that it still happens you
know it's it's sad that there are still
people out there that enjoy that like
it's entertainment for them those people
aren't happy and that that to genuinely
makes me sad because I just wish I could
do something to make their lives better
because these people aren't happy and
you need to remember that you need to as
much as I think trolls need to say
trolls but it's not always trolls as
much as I think some people need to
remember that people with a following
celebrities anyone who has decided to
give a little part of their lives to
others to make others smile they need to
remember that we're humans but we also
need to remember that these people are
human too they have issues too and they
may not be going about it in the right
way but for them that's all they can
think to do you know I don't know I've
just been thinking a lot about it and it
just it genuinely makes me sad that sad
people are making other people who
weren't sad sad and that's a lot of
negativity in a world that's already
very negative I think for any of you
that are struggling at the moment with
online hate or even real life hate you
know bullying is a thing whether it's
online or offline you have to remember
that these people don't genuinely know
you at your core they just don't and you
can't waste too much of your emotion on
these negative people because it's not
worth it I used to get so affected by it
and then I would get really annoyed at
myself I've let a stranger who doesn't
know me who is judging me who is angry
and upset at the world I've let them
inflict negativity upon me and and it's
not really worth it because those people
aren't worth my emotions you know I
don't know I just hate seeing how it
affects people and I've had multiple
friends who I've had to watch get so
affected by this but still carry on
uploading videos still carry on but
at the end of the day it's the people
that are so positive the people that
take away something from youtubers and
bloggers or any other social media
people or celebrities there are people
that take things away from you that make
their lives better and you just have to
remember that there are so many people
out there who will watch your videos
read your blog posts read your books
read they they invest so much of their
time in you for the positive and you
have to remember those people whose
lives you're affecting for the better
you can't focus on the negative you just
can't and although it feels like
sometimes there's no light at the end of
the tunnel and there's no way you're
going to ever be able to do it again I
once got to a point where I thought I
can't do this I enjoyed making YouTube
videos and I love making people happy
but this is intense
you know not nothing in life can set you
up for stuff like that nothing and it's
sad that the only way I can really see
past it is because I feel like I read
everything I could possibly read you
know it's like I've become immune to it
almost and I just don't know if that's a
good thing or not I don't know there's
that saying that some if you paint an
entire wall and you get one bit wrong
like you you've painted this beautiful
wall and you and you've got a little
chip of paint in the middle every time
you walk past that wall you'll see the
chip of paint and know that that wall is
not perfect and I feel that's what
happens with negativity is there's that
one little bit that can reroute the rest
of the amazingness that's around it and
it is really really hard it is hard but
I commend those of you that receive
online hey and go through the negativity
but still continue to do what you love
for the people who love what you do and
I just feel like it's 2016 now like can
we not make this the year of positivity
if you don't agree with something that
someone's saying or you don't agree with
someone's lifestyle or you don't agree
with something that's okay like that's
lutely fine there are things I don't
agree with all the time the only
difference is that I don't surround
myself with that if I don't like
something I don't have time for that you
know I just wish everyone felt that way
but it's just not simple as that
anyway where's Alfie oh my block
was supposed to go live nine minutes ago
I I got carried away got carried away oh
hi my boyfriend's just come to pick me
up
Alfie Randy's like an outsider like I
feel like you're taking me on a date I
love it if you never picked me up to
take me somewhere like that before
we have I Drive you somewhere with the
time yeah but not like you've like
picked me up and I've liked going in and
been like a high how was your day no
together yeah I know but I haven't seen
you all day and it was just it felt like
so like Saturday pushing the boat out on
this date where are we going in the rain
you know I even told them yeah I don't
think I have it's blooming sexy there's
a profit romantic day
we told them nice i'm leaving up to you
by the patch world it's not pets world
why do your mum call it pets well same
bloomin that's at home come on car in
front of me um yeah pets at home hotter
than hell
what's that song about rain down the
window way down the window we're never
any rain that one no no those are all I
just made up
that's for you didn't know it um ooh
what's that
it's rain on my window ooh what's that
ooh what's that
ooh ooh ooh what's that it's rain on my
window that one no isn't it tears on
local there's no rain on my window every
toe is not the one
I don't refrain on my window in the
lyrics you know I'm gonna have to check
judge film yeah
here's on my family you won't bring me
tears on my pillow you have to take me
down
the next
wait
I'm sure
rain on my window that's all I wanted
got it oh yeah yeah that one yes I have
the best memory in the world you forget
this we still haven't got it depends oh
this is what happens when your boyfriend
is a workaholic you have to sit and wait
for him to reply to all his emails
before you can go and look at guinea
pigs I've got one more to reversing oh
it's gonna be so I've got candles in
there waiting the key like subtly
turning your phone so I definitely can't
see oh my god
Conley quote future stuff from plannin I
just love I was sat here listening to
him going like tap tap tap tap like oh I
don't think you would be able to date
someone who wasn't a youtuber they would
not stay with you they would my caring
loving kind sweet cute romantic all of
that mmm my little person I'm Pokemon
move to the wrong spot started walking
even I'll sit now and get my haircut
right and then a sick Pokemon appeared
that I haven't got really really rare
one I was oh my God look at this in the
hair just shout it yeah and then it went
and jumped me back to where I was meant
to be and disappeared what was the
Pokemon I don't know
never got him just soon as I finish my
haircut promise you I walked I didn't
want to run it about and I walked as
fast like into the legation it wasn't
there
I've ever liked power loss it's like
briskly walking and focus wasn't there
so powerful I've not done any Pokemon
today bit some Jeff get on it today
right let's go can we go now you check
that Pokemon can we go now I'll see you
Oh
ah yeah she'll go get some Oakland now
no let's go to pets at home they're
probably showing better home no they've
got like what it is they're missing let
you go rata tears go when were we saying
that and I will you were saying you were
like that's not funny
what jumper without ah okay should we go
into towards of us then yeah where's my
handbag oh my god Ross no we're going to
pass a home let's go you go I'm just
gonna press them up do it dad good you
dare
Oh mana makes a long trip ahead
definitely a 12 guys this is a problem
you often encounter in pets at home lots
of little wee-wee catches in corners
look lots of these caution wet cloth
someone's done a pee
yeah lots of doggy sense that other
doggies want to cover up so there's
always lots of peace so be wary right I
need a Oh this one is like huge
oh no they don't have any I need a
medium
oh poor guineas they won't get one they
probably won't fit in this we might do
my guinea pigs love these honey sticks
and fruit stick and let's have a look
what else have we got popcorn stick key
let's get the bees where is he
it's gone oh there is always missing me
joining in we drop dead
why are they so cute Oh scared about
look ever sit on the edge sorry
haha I ended up getting this villa
guinea pigs a little house oh my god
it's like they know can you hear them
but what I need to do is take off the
middle section so I can put it in there
might need your help Alfie this is where
I fall into the guinea pig cage I need
to get tunnel out for me to get it yeah
yay they love it
alfie has just got back with a zzs for
light hop now drive away yeah that did
that did take a while guys dedication
we're here they it's so worth it the war
yeah Savage
pizza is happening and I'm rate excited
about that really much to me I make up
okay so even though looks like a got
black I promise you haven't even though
it's quarter to midnight on my girl I
forego and ghost huntin ah Jake even
though it's close to midnight
I just told papi I was going to run her
a bath because poppin Shawn I'm just
gonna stay here tonight so you have a
guest room and it's made and why not I
mean they only live round the corner but
it doesn't matter if you way more fun
this way so I'm gonna run her a bar and
you guys know how much I love running
people a bar I would go as far as to say
it's one of my hosts best qualities so
what should we put in puppy's bar let's
put him in
yeah actually bath oil
my dad bought oil so I got some really
nice ones what's this one support I
wonder if there's like a sweet one deep
relax let's do that
and I might also sprinkle a few
Himalayan detox salts
bath is all run oh it's very relaxing
little bit of bubbles but it mostly
smells like aspirin here now because I
used an aromatherapy associates
relaxing oil so oh god poppy now Poppy's
had a blast so it's my turn to run a
bath now she did say it was the best bar
she's ever had so I'll get that I'm
writing pop it in my little testimonials
I'm joking I don't have testimonials and
I don't have a guestbook I would be
quite funny if I did throw out like a
guestbook for my house I do have a
bathroom guestbook
that would be so fun to go through in a
blog is so funny some of the stuff
that's in there is hilarious right
oh also I went on YouTube and I typed in
spar music so we're listening to a bit
of calming my aim is to have the best
night's sleep ever
we feel so much more relaxed and I'm
ready for a good night's sleep so that
my friends is where I'm going to end the
video I hope you've had an amazing day I
love you very much and I will see you
again see
