good morning everybody today I have been
running around tidying and sorting which
is something I generally try and put off
until it gets the point where I'm like
no there's too many random things
scattered around my house that I need to
put away in the place they're supposed
to be in you guys know I like to make
organized piles so that's what I've been
doing I've kind of been putting the
organized piles away sorted out in
allah's treats area she had like a
little cupboard with all her like
jumpers coats brushes toothbrush
toothpaste all herb things basically
it's not as cupboard sorted that out
humming out-breath so I just ran up the
stairs the only thing I do need to do
still is to tidy this now any of you
that have a place you do your makeup
please reassure me that this is what
yours looks like when you've been doing
things and dumping them and not actually
putting them away in a proper place just
need to put things away really another
thing I really want to do is to change
up my makeup bag which I told myself
that I would start doing every week but
I keep forgetting and I'm definitely one
of these people that uses whatever is
readily available when I'm trying to do
my makeup so I don't often kind of go
through my drawers and try new things
and I'm really lucky in the sense that I
get sent lots and lots of new product
races and things and then when it gets
to like monthly favorites time I'm like
oh I've kind of been using the same
things as last month and obviously I
enjoy trying new beauty products because
that's essentially one of the things I
do so I kind of want to go through my
Beauty drawers and select some items to
put in my makeup bag to kind of mix up a
little bit so I am actually trying new
makeup and then I can decide if I like
it or not but if I keep going to the
same makeup every single day that I know
I love end up not really trying anything
so I'm going to also do that but first
of all this this needs to go
you
okay
Hey
you
it's all my paper back I've got a whole
box of them yay
they look so cool the sequel to the
million copy bestseller girl online how
crazy is that guys it sold a million
copies right I am like running out of
places to put these because I have this
little stash down here of books but I
keep and sign to give to people and like
friends and family and things but
there's a lot tidy part from I do need
to move these bottles but everything is
in its right full place and now I just
need to put some makeup in this but I'm
going to do that a little bit later
because right now I need to edit
yesterday's video I said my hair kind of
just looks like a fox's tail it's so
puffy today yeah I'm going to edit I
think my edit up here actually I've got
my laptop got my camera and I also have
my memory card reader so I'm gonna edit
up here also the only thing I really
need to do over here is to empty this
box of products to where they need to be
and take down some of these clothes but
besides that over here is pretty tidy -
the only thing I'm struggling with is
where to put this table I think I might
need to move this along and slop that in
there and then I don't know where to put
that chair because that chair is what I
sit on to in my videos but there's
really nowhere else in here that it can
go working with quite a small space up
here so there's a lot of things that
probably aren't where I would ideally
like them to be but I'm just kind of
making the most of the space ready or
just cramming too much into the space
which isn't really making the most of it
I've just got done editing my vlog and I
just want to show you generally we're
not a is whilst I edit she's normally at
my feet hello you sleepy today Lola
hello yes he's like please let me sleep
no but yeah this is my current view and
she's down there somewhere
also it was such a beautiful day this
morning and the Sun has now been
overtaken by the rain oh that makes me
sad
oh my god why do I look so shiny today I
think because after I got back of
holiday I've been like moisturizing to
the max I've been using like the most
moisturizing moisturizers you can get
hold of because my skin was so dry and I
think possibly my skin has reached its
maximum level of hydration so now I just
look a bit shiny and oily maybe I need
to get the matte powder that actually
cry laughing Alfie just make my laughing
chronic or nothing
qui not funny we just made me cry buddy
that was funny yeah I pointed my finger
I don't know maybe lost - so much I
think it's cuz I know I've got grotty
fingers you don't grow they're not dirty
don't ya I don't show them your hands
though clean yeah I just mean like
they're like old and wrinkly like
wrinkly they're just small so why did
you say like that's why you were you
like I see you're a chair that's lit you
you like my table a table when I pointed
for are we - give it to me and it was
just oh you have to be there they are
here I'm crying with us now t-shirt oh
no look at worry on his face well the
amount of times I've gotten a new DJ
this is lychee can be worse
all right ready spill spell you make up
we have so much one you just spill it on
me no something off have you seen that
like that I was just like right I just
had a moment oh so you've got your thumb
try for now making noises that way
around no laughing oh my God look at I
just grabbed his balls as an attack move
this is what Zoey's thumb currently
looks like Jesus her thumb as a tripod I
don't even realize I'm doing it it's
like a weird become the norm
well that guy's cranks the other guy's
just popped his ball he just squeezed
his Bobby watch it's a film by the way
yeah watch it it's not like Marcus oh
that was a weird challenge I'm really
good maybe Noah hmm just poke a bow come
on
ow I'll be please let me get up he's
undone my bra no I did not do that
oh my god maybe I did you on be mommy's
bra oh she got from their sleeping so
shut out for now oh come on sleep right
gonna go put some camembert in actually
bring it if you ain't comin bury than
you I'll let you go thank you
also I really ruined my makeup from that
little giggle do you want to catch
pokemon first okay then should I not put
the camembert on yeah so what do you
want camembert a Pokemon
yeah which one first you can't have both
you can't walk around the park holding a
bloody camembert yeah we both won that
we
what's the plan and we're putting it in
or not
can you come down and help me make this
decision
Alfred I want you to help me make a
decision on whether we're going outside
okay for mala hmm about um whether we go
in outside it's raining and gross it's
really raining oh I look like I've
actually been crying like a sadness but
I actually was just crying laughing
fantastic fantastic IV yes why she died
also look at these we got some packages
from Oreo yeah sure I won't open it yeah
same but we'll open your waited okay go
and then you can open my sorrowful I
went in my blog you do this is yours no
it's okay okay
are you filming most pointing me Carl
open your woman is your one I would like
to declare the Oreo box officially open
every time I take exclusively for Zoe
hashtag Oreo flavors are we allowed to
show these was it like exclusive because
this is not sponsored either quite a
factor must not knowing anything what's
going on kind of proves it oh wow what's
a gummy treat
can we talk about that they're green and
pink I wonder what color what flavors
they are it was really back drop there
since when did she learn to drop for
drop it oh yeah this is either wash
toilet water no it's it's a bonus
oh um peanut butter in it good really
bad now you said that she doesn't want
it thing about
drop it Oh are you ready governor bring
it back okay right you're getting a bit
happy with the dropping back yeah yeah
bring it
if you nope do you see what she's doing
now cuz you're saying good girl every
time she drops it oh you pick it up and
drop it it ring here eat cheese ah I
come about without a date after all that
so we're actually gonna go and buy some
and get Pokemon so I put in the two
things together you're gonna drive are
you hmm
I need to take these off cuz I cannot
walk around Waitrose in my factory
Christmas PJs but I do want to know for
the future is it okay to eat cameramen
that I date because some cheese is like
like blue cheese obviously the older is
I'm mature Jenna yeah well yes
no I'm we're not gonna eat it today
because we don't know but can we eat
come about the future that's like a week
or two our day today the only reason
that I'm a bit more worried about it is
because the time the healthy Coyle
drinking a milkshake and that was two
weeks at a date nearly throughout that
so it's not about yeah but come on there
is no-one said I Jamari that was yeah
you were really ill that's rig of my
acid reflux show about that in there I
thought you meant just then talking
about it I was like whoa isn't the
minded clever thing were you doing paka
paka paka do you know i did earlier i
was playing with neither on the landing
run all right so I was playing with her
down here and I was on the floor my
phone was here and I would like that Shh
and my phone just went sure all the way
down yeah
bounced off the stairs though and just
landed perfectly on the floor it was
absolutely fine I was like thanks -
iPhones and then one time you drop it
from like this way
yeah exactly ha right let's go to wait
rose and get some tums they're lovely
for summertime
I am so not loving this summer weather
how's the funny show of you've ever seen
Wow oh my god you lit you'd run into
shot that was amazing
literally I won that one I'm just gonna
put that into my vlogs man yeah ah
there's my scene once you see it you're
gonna laugh so do you know what this is
perfect weather for oh I'm so pleased
I've got a convertible Mini right now I
saw something over drive down
oh sure I do the cool story bro is it
sunny see it's actually quite sunny it's
really sunny this morning and now now
would you look at it now I got my rain
back on right let's go are we going to
wait choice first I need to get my
Pokemon to pop up are we going to wait
trace fans with a - we should parade it
hello right that is a big tree oh yeah
I'm just coming for you right now
you do let's go at my favorite place
why not oh I need my bag just shut my
back in I won't even trust it bag no we
haven't brought any bags wishes have to
buy some I meant not the plastic one
it's probably the reusable ones
okay a spell just heading to the cheese
with this achieve pachie
gee
that's the guy oh he's like bursting out
the little packet this one or they have
these ones I just feel like the weight
trees one is probably really nice or
rusty I see I clearly go waitress is
this literally all you need some
halloumi actually wat water in the
cheese section here we go all done what
you lookin at that's called blue coat
tell you what whenever I went to a
friend's house and they had ice cream
cones you knew my mom you're ballin no I
used to get no if you had Paris that had
ice cream cones your parents were really
cool like you it was like what you want
for dessert or just some ice cream yeah
we've got cones it was like next-level
yeah wasn't it and then if they had
wafers and the syrup is real I was like
you may not open an ice cream parlor
mate because it's all going on in your
kitchen cupboards
we've got cheese almond milk salmon
salmon Hummer and carrot sticks more
cheese and more cheese and even more
cheese it's funny because I never used
to really eat cheese and it was always
cheddar that I would have for actually
now I don't really eat that much cheddar
I'm all about the halloumi or the what's
the other one which is poor or camembert
we are back and preparing the camembert
outside is literally so miserable it's
unreal so we're having a little bit of a
nibbly dinner this evening we've got a
loaf of crusty bread I'm not expecting
us to both eat the entire thing but
there is a hopper we also have some
hummus and carrot sticks and obviously
they come in there and I think Alfie is
going to do some quinoa and salmon but I
had a pretty big lunch so I'm not
massively hungry Alfie just built a
whole pot of tomato sauce over the whole
floor
so now knowledge like snip sniffling
around to see what she can find we've
wiped it up Nala sorry babe all right
why is that what you just made porridge
I was like ah it's like a time bomb
yes they like the least healthy couscous
in the world it comes on like this
this is anyone we had do not have actual
an actual bag of quinoa and I think J is
no couscous mama so nothing quinoa
quinoa um not in that we do hmm
how is the camembert doing got 30
minutes left smells delicious you rejoin
your boat puppy just to make one whiny
what I've got is they're all so little
we got on TV it's Harry Potter in the
Chamber of Secrets tonight guys it was
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
yesterday I see it I see a theme
appearing here maybe tomorrow maybe
tomorrow will be the Prisoner of Azkaban
yesterday said I don't want you to ice a
week yes you do
only when it's on there's nothing else
on it's always on Harry Potter's I'm not
complaining I love Harry Potter
I am so unbelievably tired and cold I've
just come upstairs I said to Alfie I'm
gonna go upstairs and just get into bed
because I feel really really cold and
I've just put my little like heated bed
sheet on six those things are a godsend
by the way if you ever get chilly in bed
or you know when it's just really cold
and then you get into a cold bed it's
like oh um you should definitely learn
nothing for a heated it's like
underneath our bed sheet and it's
dual-control so I can have it a
different temperature to Alfie
normally he doesn't put his on at all
but I really like putting mine on
because I hate being cold and then
getting into a cold bed it's nice when
it's warm and you get into like cold
sheets that's nice but when you're cold
there's like nothing better than like
setting the bed
- come on like if you're having a bath
or something you can put the bed on and
by the time you come downstairs put on
your pajamas and get into bed it's all
warm and toasty waiting for you and that
is so nice
Alfie hates it though because it means
that even though it's on my side if he
puts like his leg over to my side
like gets really hot and he's like oh my
god get away from me or do all but I
really like it and somehow I've ended up
chatting away to you about heated bed
sheets which makes me sound like a
nine-year-old woman but we've already
established that I'm an old woman in a
26 year olds body so no nothing new
there Elsie sees like a little like
marshmallow again I love my little
marshmallow outfit just thought I would
quickly hop on here to say good night
because the last couple of vlogs
I haven't ended them because I fell
asleep so actually no yesterday's vlog I
ended it was the two before that I
didn't end so I just wanted to say
goodnight give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it I love you very much and
I'll see you again soon bye say goodbye
