Alfie's just going off on a little run
about postage oh good morning it's
Sunday
I actually haven't filmed on a Sunday
these past couple of weeks because it's
normally the day that I'm working so
much it's not worth filming but today
there's a little bit of work and play
and it's sunny and I'm in a great mood
so I thought I'm Phil so yesterday ah
the first draft of girl on line going
solo was done so exciting I still need
to do my dedications and acknowledgments
but I always leave those until the end
because of me
now I just find it really hard to think
of something new to say in someone new
to dedicate it to is that weird I don't
know I've been Darla maybe I should L
dedicate it to you right there for
distracting me and lying on me when I'm
trying to write do you have I need to
put any battery in this get over and out
come on Cinderella oh that's not really
cleaning it out you got your brushing it
into the corner and that no no one sees
it yeah I do that every day
I just find it there what's the point
what's gone down not really look we can
use a little Hoover look how pretty
these flowers are do you appreciate them
yeah I appreciate my lot why is the
lighting so rubber there we go Alfie can
you explain this please that's my fun
come on let's go let's get going
come on do you have no explanation okay
Rize you look good you're very shit's
messy and leave things I don't get any
of this if Alfie deyes it's messy I
showed my love these yesterday and
people think it's me of the shopping
addiction I beg to differ
perfect shopping addiction no I don't
what was the last thing I bought I don't
know exactly was last thing I bought to
to see to kayak
which everyone needs I'm just gonna get
up get some socks for my trainers you
can't have trainers on with no socks
you'll get stinky feet although here's a
fun fact I never have stinky feet ever
I'm not sure why maybe that's not normal
are you going to put neither in the pan
Chuck
excuse the disco excuse the discotheque
we are heading to the park because lots
of Alfie's family is here that he
doesn't really see much I don't know
what relation they are to you you're my
sister's children
yeah something like that I don't even
know what like add their kids as wrong
and their children so there's just
basically going to be a lot of our fees
happening I get quite nervous for like
company
when it's not my family so yeah go down
to the park and I believe there's a
picnic or something they're marching 39
I have no idea
I don't his bus going we didn't bring
Nala yeah we didn't bring Nana because
she gets bit excited in the park and
also his babies there so I'm not sure
she's never met a small baby she's met
like young Edouard is the youngest baby
but even then he was like the ice cream
van is yes aqua retro we can get an ice
cream you got money on you know I always
leave my handbag at home I like walking
up to the park yeah don't worry about
saying thank you me Jeanne
then why won't let you go next time into
the jungle we go it's a little coffee
ban Oh what no harm is so much cookies
and stuff yeah oh yeah
why do you want one baby I got my braces
in though Oh probably best not to
I've got charge on because I was running
out I had 1% before leaving the house
Alfie's grabbing a coffee or a water I
don't know look at this beautiful spread
that poppy and Amanda put on and Sean
and Sean what did you make sure did you
wrap it up in paper and tire that was to
me without you I made it no well done
thank you mm-hmm it's such a nice day
yeah
Fuzzy's no careful of the beer buzzy
Alfie's made friends is a new doll we
never tried it before like beer
you're not gonna it so fizzy okay I'm
gonna see if I click yeah I know you're
gonna hate it it's like if I eat eni's
do you not think I'm not fine at all you
never do outside I actually side is
better than beer
yeah sorry this one is that chichi Jones
made a friend
okay as you can tell I'm sure he's never
gonna leave you now
you're funny though
fine this process famine it's up on
unique fun no sure whose is fellow Doki
I think he's trying to run away from me
the dogs are taking over
yes he's enjoying it either way but the
ego supporter melon finished a park that
was really nice getting to meet lots of
Alfie's family and now we're heading
back home because I studied to film my
video which is actually going to be
going up the day are watching this so I
don't need to edit it tonight
necessarily I can try and do a little
bit but
also going to be meeting up with NIM
bubs because she is in Brighton and I'm
really wait to see how I go on what time
you leaving and you see before you go so
we're going to do something but I'm not
sure what we're going to do yet might
just have a little capture but Alfie
wants to go to Tesco
what are you doing grabbing some dinner
so dinner time is it no but it's nice to
be prepared
Oh awesome not everyone buys dinner at
dinnertime here's my little Tesco Hall
Monge two peas a Tesco cool
yeah McVitie's orange Club some pits are
expressed dough balls of garlic butter
some New York bakery company bagels and
what else we got awesome gavest spawn
okay so it turns out that my eyeliner
does not last too well with watery eye
that's not good
Oh No um me and Alfie made a den
yesterday look um this is basically
where I spent all of yesterday writing
and watching movies but now we have to
put it away and it's never as fun taking
it down as it is putting it up I can
tell you that much oh it's like sloped
oh dear currently sat editing another
pile of bookmarks for the book club
which I don't actually know what's
happening with them yet but when I do I
will let you guys know and I've also got
myself some Peter express tables and
some garlic butter dip just does a
little bit of a signing snack I still
got my smudge guys right right so look
he's here yeah
pretty nimble and we were just saying
how much I say the word like in my
videos I did do it as well I think he
say a bit more than I it's like a really
big N and you can't say like what are
you gonna do to me every time I say it
flick me with water yeah I'm really good
today God do you know what I realized
I tweeted earlier saying who do you want
to see on my channel it's nobody
we've never filmed too many around
Hawaii ever okay Skinner let me just
give me something we drink a fortune
actual my sister's day today she Steve
is not my age but he is having a
breakfast is a whole hundreds of a file
I was I was Taliban I was little that if
you put someone's hand in water before
bet they would wet the bed I heard
that's what all when they're sleeping as
sleepovers you have to dip their hand in
some yeah and they'll work themselves
yeah and then and I was also told if I
pick dandelions I would wet the bed I
never heard that one
the buttercups one there yeah and do
your chin you like yeah you like butter
yes and then people that didn't like
butter
did I say that no I didn't I haven't
even be nice oh hello does anyone want
to go to the Dyke for a roast and they
do a vegan roast as well
ten minutes worth of food no it's been
unbelievable okay all right bye so
what'd you do last night last night we
made it done and we watched a film and
it was really nice and we had lots of
snacks so last night we yet made a den
and we made snacks all right so it's
it's almost is it what ice to serve it
that way oh you just don't have to have
that word but you all can't say it's
almost I had food around you know if
it's almost like yeah okay if that
allowed just like it in the pause is in
like thank you we having a water fight
that was quite refreshing right okay
let's go to the Dyke then let's go no we
just said she's never been driven by how
beautiful excited to be really nervous
right now I'd be really scared if on she
I mean if we get there in one piece
it'll be a miracle
yeah yeah I agree we are I'm not
massively hungry and a sign he ate
before the vows I as you when you were
here I'm still eating my lasagna
five minutes ago oh it's very bright
isn't it actually I say it is really
nice and it's gonna be really rainy
tomorrow and we were popping short now
what you do in doing little blog post no
you are you're two hours late to be fat
I still need to film my video I will
first film today I just haven't really
stopped and then when I got back over
the lining the tweak things breezy it
really has
well next week I feel like there's a
little bit more chilled I'm going to see
Tonya and Jim which will be fun we've
got a really fun day planned on Tuesday
excited about that marks coming as well
I'm
that's exciting oh no I got a big spot
on my chin I really like your pretty
bras where it might be I say next day
wearing one like that yeah where we from
and I got the Sarah Mason oh really
everyone's very hey guys we all we get
is good so let's ow I need to get this
wrong they are like I don't need to do
any bra shopping by car exactly any more
like a coffee bar receipts yeah I see
but when the boat I see my problem is I
think I've got too comfortable without
being now all my brother like look at
the cabin key is finished own over there
good when you're and we're like yeah
I've got so many nude colored t-shirt
bras you can never I only bought nude
bra when I was 23
really I didn't feel happy going on
thing yeah because you can wear them
with everything and started when you
wear my t-shirt I used to always wear my
bra know about that you know sometimes I
think black Brora for white t-shirt
better than overweight right thank you
so much cha cha know it's been and also
no one told me that a nude for ice thing
you'd rather be uncool I was like oh no
I don't know me yeah they're I'm kidding
everyone needs a new Drive you haven't
got one you need to buy work so many new
really lovely like ladies to see sir
yeah oh my god see this is the thing I
want to be able to egg white underwear
drawer just go oh my god that's so
everything but I like what I like
I wouldn't say how much place like with
my funky news no cough young years my
everyday runs if I complain you well I
need to get new ones so I only have a
couple and they just I'm gonna do a
pretty bra a jojoba yeah and then do a
prob anyone got a problem with it cries
mom they try on wrong
we're back now and we've just open
source box with Naomi which was quite
fun actually wicked Bobby knows more
about it than we do and we're doing some
face swaps and they are honestly the
most disturbing thing because alfea's
face on anyone else it's very good I'm
sorry Alf but it's true weird with my
face camera what's going on he's filming
for like a dealer of Amiga no no that's
just my normal face guys lighting is so
weird oh I've been so bad at ending my
vlogs recently it gets to the evening
and I'm just like oh said like then gets
the evening and I'm see how would you
say that sentence without putting like
in it it gets the evening and I'm so
tired it was so nice like spontaneously
spending the evening with Naomi I really
love when things like that happen when
you don't necessarily really plan it and
it just happens and you have a really
great time it was so nice to catch up
with her oh I just like miss her so much
guys I don't know if you've noticed but
I'm getting a lot better at your look
not yawning I'm getting a lot better at
being spontaneous it's just one of those
things that for so long if someone said
let's go and do this it felt like a more
safe option to say no which I know for
so long I was like just say yes if you
don't say yes to things then you're
never going to experience life and you
never know what could come from it and
grab every opportunity with both hands
and and I think somewhere along the line
I started going back inside this like
safety blanket of saying no to things
and being
no I think I'm going to stay here no I
think I'm going to do this and I think
one of the reasons that I've been
vlogging so much more recently is
because I have been saying yes to doing
more and I have been choosing to be a
bit more spontaneous and to kind of go
with the flow a bit more which if any of
you have anxiety I guess everyone's
anxieties are different but I find
things like that quite difficult and I
get really set in my ways and I don't
know I'm such a homebody anyway like I
love being at home so the fact that I'm
starting to like do a little bit more
and just kind of go with the flow means
that I'm having more fun and it's really
nice to be reminded of that like this is
exactly why in 2013 I said yes to
everything and I was so confident and I
didn't really have many cares about
anything and as I said someone on the
way I seem to have kind of stopped doing
that so I wasn't actually really ever
going to say anything in the vlogs but
so many of you've been giving me such
lovely like feedback on Twitter and on
Instagram and should be about Tunis I
don't really look at the comments on
Instagram was that all spam and people
saying they've got my mobile number when
they actually haven't but on Twitter and
on my youtube videos and where else
that's the main ones I read to be honest
you've all noticed how much happier I am
I guess and just I don't know I just I
feel like I'm happier in myself and I
feel more confident and I just feel like
I'm turning a corner with it and I think
a lot of you have noticed that and that
makes me even more happy because
obviously I'm doing it for myself
there's no other reason why I would be
doing this is literally for myself and
for my happiness and you guys just
happen to come along with me because I
have my camera but it
really encouraging that you all notice
it and you all kind of appreciate where
I've kind of pushed myself a bit more or
I don't know it just feels like you're
all on my side and there's nothing
better than struggling with something
for so long and finally kind of
achieving it and being really proud of
yourself than to have lots of other
people who are also really proud of you
thank you so much for any of you that
have been leaving me lovely comments I
don't know how this has turned into like
a ramble about happiness and vlogging
but I don't know it's the little things
isn't it - a lot of you you could be
like alright mate like you only won't
invite out for a roast but it's and it's
really hard for me to explain but I
think if you've watched me for a while
then you will notice the changes that I
go through like there are months when
I'm really struggling and there are
months when I'm feeling quite down about
stuff and then there are months where I
sort of think no screw this and I go out
and I try and do more things and I
really push myself and it's also very
interesting for me to watch back in the
vlogs because I know how I felt in those
vlogs anyway when I filmed them and
uploaded and put them up but it's a
whole other thing to look back at them
and see the vlogs I'm posting right now
and then the vlogs I was posting like a
year ago I don't know because we're
always growing and changing as people
it's so funny one of the main things
people say on YouTube about youtubers is
you've changed and it's always said with
such a negative connotation but actually
I'd like to think I've changed since I
started YouTube which was seven years
ago
and I think people are always changing
and growing and adapting to everything
around them to scenario situations you
know that's part of growing up is change
and we don't all like it but that's just
what happens people have to change you
can't stay the same forever if I was
still the same as I was when I was 19
and I was filming videos you would be
having videos of me talking over a song
in the background I would be shy I would
I don't know like and I love seeing how
much I've changed I think it's a great
thing la la la I didn't manage to film
my main Channel video today see six
months ago that I would have really
worried about that I would have been
like everyone's gonna have a massive go
at me no one's going to understand I
need I need to not see Naomi and I need
to not go for a roast and I need to do
this but I think I've got a bit better
at putting myself first and I still
filmed it because you guys still came
with me with this camera but I'm just
gonna film my main Channel video
tomorrow instead and I'll try and film
and edit all in the same day except I do
have quite a jam-packed day so I can't
promise anything
see I don't really think you guys are
like the ones that put pressure on me I
think it's me that puts pressure on me
ideally I think maybe I could skip this
week you know I don't want to rush a
video even though I love filming Q&A is
but I can't miss a week I can't do it
I'm like super self-conscious of these
spots bit rubbish but we've all gotten
so I don't feel so bad actually we don't
all happen some people have lovely skin
but it's so frustrating because I think
my diet right now even though a lot of
you think light is pizza which I don't
always eat but I eat it quite a lot my
diet now as a 26 year old is probably
the best it's ever been I used to eat so
bad when I was younger like like you
wouldn't believe how bad I used to eat
and my skin was clear and I'm 26 I feel
like my mum had spots when she was in
her twenties I don't know they're all
I've spoken to people before and they've
said they're all hormonal because
they're all round here mostly on my chin
but why are my hormones so raging it's
not good is it
enough about me sports I gotta go to
sleep now I love you all very much and
thank you for always being the best most
supportive viewers in the world I'm very
happy that I get to share this with you
good
night
