get money papi and Shaun say drowned
last night which I completely forgot
because I went to bed before everybody
else and then when I woke up this
morning I turned to our feet I was like
probably insured a sewer which is very
exciting so I think we're gonna make a
really lovely weekend breakfast so I
made I made this breakfast I've made it
a couple of times but I did this
breakfast when we got back from Mykonos
the morning after but I didn't remember
to vlog it in the morning but I think
after you've logged it and I like to
call it my vegetarian fry up because
lots of lots on there but none of it is
like you typical bacon and sausage so
I'm thinking that we should do that but
that does mean however that me and now
if we need to make a quick trip out to
the shop to grab tomatoes avocado and
Elstad I have Oh spinach maybe we need
some spinach
oh no it's not spinach and we've got her
murse I think we're all good I think
that's everything so we just need to get
some tomatoes and some what did I just
say tomatoes and avocado got my memories
or my long-term memories actually pretty
good if I say so myself my short-term
memory not so great last night the
Twitter emoji went live which it's just
so flippin cool and so I've been looking
through my feed this morning just seeing
everyone using the hashtag um and
there's a little similar emoji next to
it which is so cool my dad's Twitter by
the way said if you want to follow my
dad daddy sug he's such a like fanboy
let's have a look notifications yeah you
guys are all just so lovely honestly I
have the best viewers and I say that
every time but I really mean it I just
feel
you're all such a positive happy
community of people so thank you so much
for using the hashtag you can carry on
using it there's no like deadline I
think I think I've got it for a month so
use it to your heart's content go for it
I just woke Alfie up and I was like come
on we need to go to the shop it's half
past eight so I did sleep in longer
today which I'm really happy about
laughs I calm we need to go to the shop
and I knew if I left him without
actually getting him out of bed we would
be really struggling and I feel like if
I go back up now he'll be back to sleep
again
look are you awake oh not really
time to do nollans breakfast we have to
weigh her breakfast because she's a pug
and if I just filled it she would get um
overweight very quickly where did you
throw it way out in the morning and we
give her 1 million cool she had touch
free
wait wait
just hold it to wait while I get my
camera
oh good yeah good right we've arrived at
Tesco guys sure the last time I came out
shopping without bra you come in whoa
oh come on go oh my god it's right there
can you get it do you have to take a
picture of something oh no I do
oh that's so funny Yeti it's close
enough huh no we did a bit in Bobby's
car we need the wheel tomatoes and
avocados kay so let's do this I'm really
hoping their product is only a little
unworkable and Tom we're at your
favorite place
Tesco Express Alfie's still Pokemon
going got medium large and extra-large
two larges which I don't know makes a
lot of sense I probably could have gone
for a really massive one
but one down two more to go Tomatoes
yay these are cute perfect okay halloumi
this is the one I bet worried they might
not have in here asked if we wanted a
bag Alfie said hell no I don't work back
the barman
oh good right let's go there you go my
king
oh no I can't find that Pokemon don't I
maybe did you drop me off oh you are
being serious you can just pull over
from over there oh good right guys is
this what my life is now Alfred is
collecting Pokemon cattle Amy would okay
so we need to scramble some eggs we need
to cut the halloumi and pop that in the
grill mash the appo got some beans as
well but we did actually need to buy
more so we've got one tin between four
of us which is probably not enough but
that's fine
and yeah and the tomatoes are in the
oven Sinclair the ball oh thanks
I love how you waited for me it's
probably cold now go away and so we've
got tomato scrambled egg beans a little
bit of wholemeal bread some smashed up a
card a some hummus some spinach some
halloumi and a little drizzle of
balsamic and some sesame seeds if we
didn't have sesame seeds or balsamic
though just a little bit more plain
we're all ready for the day now I
actually did Poppy's make up this
morning which is quite fun I enjoyed
that look how pretty it looks
hang on turn this way so you can see it
and like Shaun said she's got a blusher
on but yeah yeah yeah human eye shadow
oh yeah I say I had my eyebrows night
makeup done looks really nice and I
think we're gonna go to the Sea Life
Centre alright I want see yeah sure the
jet fuel is having race
let's go then I see the brand job a
grand job a grand arrival grandma ran
job grand idea probably
to put this back in French that guy's
the donor don't it's all mirrored and
needs
there's the West Pier serene weird day
it's like gray it feels like autumn it's
quite blue though the sky well we're
going fishing me see where we go I'm
going to get a blast noise Sean get all
the Pokemon on this little journey you
would be terrified Alfie made me get it
he was like you should get it and then
we can all fight for the Pokemon I am
okay and now pop is gonna get it as well
you loved it as soon as you saw that
squirt or you loved it and then I did
get one while waiting for the boys in
the car I actually managed to swipe one
good yeah what did you get Caterpie yes
so hopefully they'll have some in the
Sea Life Centre maybe they'll have a
little watery ones like last week is
that water pokemon special more alert
but to really know enough about Pokemon
I just like collecting them because I
like collecting things I didn't really
love Pokemon actually that's a lie above
all they're dedicated to Pokemon think I
like to order like get the elephant I
used to draw them yeah it just used to
copy the way to draw the mouth I should
try and find my little Pokemon folder to
be fair because that is at home
somewhere with all my pokemon cards and
all my drawings and my Pokemon fat
Joe's probably already got the app Joe
if you haven't you should download it
oh yeah we'll see who gets the most
murders I don't know a little Greek
yogurt honeymoon you're very cunning
yeah I mean really nothing specific
we'll be a hugger I'm quite hungry to be
fair
look guys are walking past the cinema
and look what's on I was just saying
look what they're showing on the cinema
today it's frozen yeah
yeah we could just stand here and watch
it
oh I haven't worked out for ages
Hey
you
Hey
come on mate you can do it Oh
he's going for it number 17 you can do
it go on go on
we have done now so we're trying to find
our way out I feel I've entered an
aquarium strangely relaxing we're a bit
lost
how do what you've still got your
glasses a little bit how do we get out
all through the gift shop as always can
I get your name I might have a shot you
know does it hurt
let me try yours
initially though look how beautiful the
peeler Oh God we're going to get pooed
on definitely gonna get peed on good you
go they get food on oh no oh goodness
everyone close your mouths Poppy's got
the right idea
don't worry guys I've got whites in my
bag now guys we have a problem I'm
addicted to pokey go what's it called
okay
I want I'm on level five now we've come
out to go to dinner with all of our P's
family literally every moment we're late
we're late
yeah hi I'm in alright I wasn't working
from all and we're coming for dinner in
the dike wave you seen that guy sure
look easy
come on where do yes you're just walking
ready Soviet or nervous oh yeah oh my
god
we ended up leaving dinner a little bit
earlier because I needed to get back and
edit my vlog from yesterday but you
would have watched it yesterday but it
was actually from the day before so
confusing because I didn't get any time
to edit it today so I am now editing at
quarter to 11:00 so sorry that it went
up later than normal
I'm also hoping that it actually goes up
before midnight so that it's technically
still the day before because otherwise
then it really avoid me but yeah I don't
really know if I filmed much today it's
a lot of aquarium and Sea Life Center
footage but besides that I don't know if
I really got my camera out as much as I
usually do and usually it's a lot more
than I actually need to so maybe today
that is a good amount of footage had a
really lovely day did you have a lovely
day did ya very relaxed relaxed I'm kind
of like merging into the pillows I look
like a little floating head slash
marshmallow I'm also a little greasy you
need to come with me
Alfie brought me up an editing snack
hell yeah it's not too early for a
Terry's chocolate orange even though
these are usually eaten around the end
of the year ie the c-word what's the C
word Christmas Hey
