have I got lunch round my mouth
quite possibly oh gosh look at that
that's all my lipstick how's that
happened looks like I've got really sore
fingers anyway hi welcome to the day I
was going to have had a bit of a slow
start this morning I haven't because
I've been awake since 5:50 a.m. these
early mornings are becoming a bit of a
habit and I'm not sure if I like it or
not I actually think I kind of do I mean
5:50 is pushing it a little bit but my
brother texts me he's in LA at the
moment I want to say and he texts me at
5:50 and I think I was in like quite
like sleep anyway because I've just been
naturally waking up at like 6 a.m. but
because he text me at 5:50 and I'd
forgotten to put my phone on silent it
went off and then that meant it woke me
up literally it was it was a text about
something that he it was a text about
something that he's doing at the moment
and I put sick and then I put in
brackets you just woke me up at 5:50 M
you codger ah and he didn't reply that's
the most like annoying thing so I don't
know whether he actually meant to send
what he sent like before anyway long
story short I'm pretty wired right now
because I have been awake for a really
long time however I feel like I have got
quite a lot of stuff done so I've edited
my vlog which is all ready to go and it
is the book cover reveal and the title
cover reveal of my third book so I'm
really nervous / excited to see what
everybody thinks of it yeah just I don't
know it's like one step closer to it
being done so it's a pretty big step
I've just made lunch for me and Alfie I
did a little um toasted bagel with salad
and little crisps it was quite delicious
although I think
ate too much because I just feel so full
right now and it's not making me feel
any more awake it literally makes me
want to have a nap and I'm going to
tackle this pillow but stuff now I think
because there is a lot to go through and
it ain't gonna get done by pay off no I
just I'm not really weird
American accent also for any of you
wondering what lip color I have on at
the moment it is oh it's this one it's a
color pop one and it's called creeper
and it's the one that I wore a lot last
December it's the color pop one because
I just love color pop lipsticks and I
feel like I haven't rocked a red lip in
a real long time but I think it kind of
goes with the town so I think I might be
rocking a red lip for a couple of days
must have still got bit of a tan left
but yeah that is the lip kind of time
wearing oh and I'm also wearing this
like jumper dress and it says morning
selfie and is from Zara
I am going to show you a couple of the
cool things that I've just discovered in
my first bag here box first thing is
this
Olivia Burton London and it is a watch
and the note says please find enclosed a
gift this limited edition Olivia Burton
watches exclusively available at
boutique goldsmith from July this is the
cutest thing I ever did see look how
pretty it is it has a little gold be in
it oh there we go
love that I normally do this sort of
video on my main channel I've done it
twice and I really enjoy it and you guys
seem to really love it so don't really
know why I'm sorry here doing it on my
second channel maybe because I feel like
I uploaded one fairly recently I want to
kind of space them apart a little bit
more so I'm just going to show you a few
bits from this on here just make it a
little bit more cash and also got some
amazing things from Lily's kitchen
Lily's kitchen is dog treats and I
really really like these for Nala not
that she needs this many more very
generous of them but I might have to
give some of these to a doggie shelter
because Nala has so many treats to get
through but they're just really lovely
like organic and I think they're all
actually grain free as well um biscuits
for doggies so that's really nice and I
will really appreciate that also what's
this wholesome veggie feast a meat-free
medley bursting with goodness ah Q
infinite shine Wow
it's like every new you could ever
imagine literally guys I get over to
over my own nail salon at this rate I'm
actually gonna have to have a sort out
and give some to my mum also got these
ones which
very summery oh wow
look at these this color this would have
been perfect for holiday look at these
oh my god I love them first aid beauty I
don't use first aid beauty that much to
be fair I've got a couple of things but
I haven't used all of the range but I do
have really good things about them
especially these so these are blemish
patrol pads to help prevent breakouts
remove excess or minimize the appearance
of pores Oh see I love like acid pads
and things so the sound really up my
street I don't if they put us now I love
the sound of those and this is the skin
rescue deep cleanser with red clay then
you've got the oil-free mattifying gel
the purifying mask with red clay sounds
amazing the daily face cream oil free
and the skin rescue body bar with red
clay we have a lot of yes to products so
we've got yes to cucumbers shampoo and
conditioner I really like the skincare
and I've never tried their hair care you
know so I might give these a go or look
they've got one for frizzy hair this one
is blue breeze frizzy hair smooth and
shine conditioner and shampoo though
you've got one for dry hair all this is
one of my favorite body washes
it's the yes to rejuvenating body wash
in grapefruit
I love grapefruit scent I hate eating
grapefruit which is kind of the same for
watermelon because I love the scent of
watermelon but I just I don't like
eating it so good oh there's also these
combination skin detoxifying charcoal
cleanser and a uneven skin tone poor
perfection night treatment with vitamin
C oh well that's not school and this
combination skin detoxifying charcoal
mud mask
that sounds good we have some wires al
product
these are so pretty look at these
bronzers they're gorgeous this would
have been so nice for holiday although I
do I can still wear it now and then
you've got a lip gloss which I have to
be honest I'm not sure I would wear it's
very baby pink with a lot of shimmer and
glitter in it so I think for some people
it would look quite pretty I'm not sure
if it's that frost eNOS that I'm not
sure about this is the full metal shadow
these look so cool they're like mu C
liquid eyeshadows very excited to try
that and then a really amazing nail
polish ambient lighting palette it's got
all the powders that I love in it oh my
goodness
so I nearly dropped it broke it so you
may have heard me raving on about these
powders the lightening powders this is I
think I'll actually picked these they
asked me if I wanted to pick my favorite
ones and they would put them in a pallet
for me and I think this is what this is
there's no note with it at the moment
could be in the other bag but I chose
luminous like radiant light and dim
light very excited that this looks kind
of cool Kim Morgan coaching cards that
every day what are your top 5
experiences in life so far what could
you change to make your situation more
positive ah I love that let me read one
for you guys I like this question how
can you be as kind and forgiving to
yourself as you are to others what do
you need to do differently so tell me in
the comments guys oh I like this one
think about a difficulty that you are
facing now imagine looking back on it in
a year's time and ask yourself how
important it really was these look
interesting these are called blue loom
sleeping masks and it says or a face
blanket if you will which are quite like
sleeping
oh my god they're so cute look that is
so cute the little note Congrats on your
Sweet Inspirations Range to be honest to
be honest our favorite was the sugar dip
since we're really into unicorns as a
girl boss you surely need some
well-deserved power naps from time to
time and what better way to do it than
with a unicorn face blanket that's what
we believe anyway happy catching the Z's
the blue team I think that's how you
pronounce it I hope I'm saying it right
that is the cutest thing I ever did see
what's in this one who's this for this
one's for Alfie I'm just gonna open
anyway I want to see I've got the same
one of me aha
oh this is a panda that is so cute
thank you so much guys we have this
which is a card game and it's called
exploding kittens is the most backed
Kickstarter project ever and the most
funded games project in kickstarter
history oh so what do you do this game
is highly strategic kitty powered
version of Russian roulette
players draw cards until someone draws
an exploding kitten and which point they
explode they are dead and they are tough
again I love that it says two minutes to
learn 15 minutes to play I do hide oh my
god
also got these from two-face lastly I
love this makeup bag it's so cute and it
is full of Born This Way concealers in
every shade imaginable which is good
because actually I don't have a
concealer that matches my skin tone
right now so I'm very happy about this
what's this the secret history I think I
I think I maybe did taun read this I
feel like Todd maybe read this quite
recently was it Tom or maybe have
ordered this I can't remember but that
looks good oh this is so cute okay so I
don't really know it just has forgotten
Lego map but it says dear Zoe and Alfie
I wanted to share my small corner of the
Internet with you on a darker day I hope
you can lighten the mood because
remember happiness can be found even in
the darkest of times if only one
mr. turn on the light and there's like
little pictures and then really nice
quotes that is a quote by Dumbledore you
can't bring gravity for falling in love
Albert Einstein you're only giving a
little spark of madness you mustn't lose
it Robin Williams there's loads of
little pictures of this little lego man
on adventures with bright cute quotes
that's quite sweet I like that you can
really see how random my PA boxes when I
just talked about the the whole thing
rather than the beauty bits I just took
some minutes away on holiday with me I
love this stuff this is the Institute
ESPA dome adapter son really great
really great some reflection think I'm
Alton Brown down here not speak oh my
god it's a huge-ass candle that is so
beautiful in color oh my god this hand
this hand what they had in picking off
rhubarb and Rose I think this is
probably one of my favorite things in
this whole thing this candle smells so
good I love the smell of rhubarb that's
going right next to my bed the bottle is
beautiful hello
oh okay I love that that smells so good
I now need to tidy all this up blimey oh
I appear to have got back into bed I'm
not sure how that's happened I was just
lying here without face nose like oh I'm
so tired I've just been like whizzing
around upstairs trying to tidy
everything away everything from the PIO
box and it took longer than I thought
and it took longer than I thought and
now I feel really like I don't actually
oh my goodness I actually don't remember
the last time I had a nap in the middle
of the day so I don't feel so bad
amia now if you've got a meeting at 3:00
and I just said Alfie I just don't know
if I should nap or not because sometimes
maps make me feel so much worse I mean
when was the last time you knew me to
nap out and I didn't feel groggy
afterwards no exactly
so I'm not sure this is a good ad though
yeah but I just want to just relax and
just shut my eyes and see what happens
I'm not sure I know how to nap anymore
didn't even nap on holiday we had no
siestas oh actually we had one but I
didn't really not properly so let's see
how this goes turns out I could not nap
and Alfie just told me that this
lipstick is like smudged all around my
lips which it's never done before mmm
maybe with the red you have to use a lip
liner yes pretty bad I'm currently on
air B&B trying to look for some cute um
quite cool little places that me and
Alfie you can go or me Alfie poppy and
Shawn just because I want to do some
more like City breaks I just feel like
any time I've ever been to a city it's
been for like a book signing or
something work-related like or amity
fest and I've never actually got to look
around and be like a tourist
especially Edinburgh I was so excited to
go to Edinburgh and I didn't see any of
it now all I saw was the bookstore so I
would love to go back so we're just
looking on Airbnb to see if we can find
any really cool places which actually
I'm finding quite difficult it's so
funny it's like you'll find somewhere
that's in the perfect location click it
and then it's like it doesn't it doesn't
have parking or it just doesn't isn't my
style which is fine because it will be
someone else's style but it's just I
want something that's quite quirky and
something that's a bit different and a
bit unique otherwise else we can stay in
a hotel but it's actually quite hard
finding like quirky little places unless
I'm looking wrong so if any of you have
been on any city breaks recently and
stayed in a really cool quirky little
apartment or little house or something
quite close to the city link me on
Twitter so that I can have a little look
through because I don't know if I'm
searching wrong but I'm fighting it
really hard to find things but yeah that
is currently what I'm doing which I
probably shouldn't be doing because I
need to be looking over stuff before
this next meeting but oh well I've got
myself into like a Airbnb scrolling like
marathon and I feel like I can't stop
scrolling until I found the perfect
place this is not that angle
there you go we've come on a little
adventure to a health bar just called
muck cafe I'm so excited for my dinner
salad yeah I think I went for and
dehydrated avocado I think I've got some
quinoa some kale mold
Kirika
thank you so much oh it's coming paper
bag oh the new solid bridge the new
salad range from the mccafé ciao ciao
Bella's back from the meeting one summer
Nelligan a special delivery what is that
oh she does she actually knows should we
open it together let's open it what's in
here for you and its poor post if any of
you want to know about this doggy
subscription I actually did a blog post
so I'll leave a link in the description
box I personally love it and so does
Nala clearly
Oh what we got this man right oh how
posh oh my god oh my god oh isn't it
lovely oh look a little giraffe toy huh
look at that case we've got giraffe this
bottoms up
give your dog real tail swagger huh I
like a beer look at that no no she won't
really know what that is
she's like not in a bag that doesn't
rustle we've got these freshly prepared
chicken duck and Turkey
Wow we'll give you one of those to try
in a minute oh my goodness they don't
like massive prunes I'll give you one of
those and this oh look how cute that
packaging is one Daboo swedish ox oh
that's so good let's try these to them
oh oh the bigger one more surprise Oh
I mean you meant to eat all like that oh
there we go
it looks like it just fits like a little
sausage doesn't it like a little
cocktails yeah
oh it's quite slow huh she was like
sniffing up my hand yeah which one no
tap the right one oh this one yeah top
right hand me and pop you've decided to
have a chilled evening with a bit of
pampering soon we're coming to the top
to pick oh I just got a really sharp
pain in my ovary Wow
that's probably not normal is it would
you get like a shot pain here in my
ovary just up in here
is that what it is yeah probably - feel
ya when you're ovulating you feel like
already weird oh look at me blah Oh
Nullah oh sheesh want some treats yeah
no what are you eating
she got it in her mouth has it popped
Oh oh my god no oh she I she pierced a
hole in it oh look that no naughty girl
you don't need any God what does she
just eat power base lip enhancer she's
good her she didn't get beautiful blood
limit oh well I let's take her now I
don't know yogi the girl looking at it
like she wants it back
joking you silly girl naughty literally
okay the face master on the one we went
for it
this one which is yes to or can't see
yes to tomatoes combination skin
detoxifying charcoal mud mask it's so
tight on my face though holy crap
those hats try and put it on without a
mirror which was a bit difficult which
is why it looks a bit patchy and we're
also watching Cinderella getting really
into it face master all off now how's
your skin feeling yeah mine feels are
soft as a baby's bottom
moisturize just sat here watching a bit
of Great British Bake Off probably one
of my favorite like cozy programs you
know how I always said to call the
Midwife with such a cozy program this is
also one of my cozy programs and it made
me want to do some baking and Paul
Hollywood is on here doing is it
cinnamon rolls yeah and I was like wait
he sent me a book recently look this is
his new book it's called The Weeknd
Baker and it made me want to bake
tomorrow so I'm going to look through it
with poppy and Sean but I think he wrote
me a little message in here actually
yeah look
Heisey enjoy the book get baking I will
and I've also got miss Tanya burr look
how amazing this book is also how many
candles can you fit on a cake I think
time wrote me a little note in here two
dearest Zoe and Alfie I hope this book
fills your kitchen with happiness and
cake love time PS sleepover soon please
I love that she's used her book as like
a actual way of asking for a sleepover
there's obviously lots of amazing
recipes in here as well I also just want
to show you my favourite picture of town
ever this picture of town I love this
picture the bread section so I'm going
to pick some things and then I've also
got the magazine that I bought the other
day in M&S and we're going to see what
to make oh my god profiteroles Sean
good day man useful yeah
