wait wait go get up
wait good girl good look at these two
you get so you two are the greediest
guinea pigs I have ever known
let me put these in then what is this
what is this Oh what is this oh there
enjoy good morning
it's currently 7 a.m. and again I woke
up very early so I specially come
downstairs and edit yesterday's vlog
because I've got a really busy day today
so I'm not sure when I'm going to be
able to edit it to get it up in a decent
time I think my day sort of finishes at
6:30 today and then at that point I just
feel like it's too late to start editing
and uploading because I want to get it
up before it's too late in the evening
or before it's just too late
I'm already done Nalla yes I have given
you your breakfast I need to have my
breakfast don't know what to have I kind
of think I want yogurt and I want to try
and drink lots of water today because
look at this I think I'm quite
dehydrated so I'm going to try and drink
lots of water today I've got a
meeting a product meeting so I can't
really film too much of that although
I'm not too sure what things are going
over today so that will be good
I've got Maddie and Meaghan coming over
this morning to chat through some work
so after that I've got a meeting towards
the end of the day I think I've got like
a two-hour gap in the middle and then a
little bit later on there's something
really super exciting so stay tuned a
lot because it is a long time coming and
I'm really excited to share it with you
just give you that little teaser at the
start of the day anyway I'm gonna go and
pour myself a big old glass of water and
I'm going to edit yesterday's vlog
all make up DUP and I've got one of my
favorite shirts on this is from Topshop
I just really like the pattern and I
also like the cut of it I used to always
wear shirts with like little collars do
um brow yeah with all the little colors
but now I don't really wear shirts and
collars up here yeah yeah little tip
metal tips on the colors I was all about
that collar life but today I don't have
one and recently I just I like quite
like V collars no collar basically I
don't know why I'm ready to go actually
because my meetings not for another two
hours
but Maddy's gonna be here in a minute
and I'm gonna eat the last call in do I
have permission to eat the last Colin
yeah actually got massive one you're
like you can have that one and I'll have
the other one yeah we could eat a layer
what can we celebrate um then we're back
from holiday yeah a post holiday
celebration cake sounds good I'll meet
you later awesome on that now you've
taken it down having taken it now to run
day well oh yeah okay we'll do that
later then okay yeah All Right see you
later
what have you got planned for today oh
it's like your traffic
oh it's cuz we were talking about cake
um I'm just eating my drunk now and then
okay not too sure cool well have fun and
whatever you do I got Colin captain oh
nice castle sounds like a fun day
goodbye
I kept senator Oh where's the offer and
we are currently on the way to the
meeting
everybody I really dig in Maddie's
outfit today let me show you the math
outfit every day I wrote GD I wrote TD
no but I really like it
look at this I love your shoes wear
these from um I think Topshop but last
year at Bordeaux this load look at your
little shirt is that Marcia is that a
brand oh my gosh
Oh Reese oh nice loving it so I've just
arrived at my very exciting meeting and
I have this box here and I think this is
from Tanya burr so I'm gonna open there
oh did buddy-buddy find in live and
bought oh my goodness they're real Wow
oh my god I'm so excited
dearest so I'm so excited for you to try
my new product I feel like you're in my
pee I see what does that mean pattern
crime oh my number I feel like you're my
pee I see in this as you're always the
one giving the feedback and ideas lovely
lots tan
oh it's because I get like legit so
excited for every time launched these
are literally the most beautiful flowers
I have ever seen
they're so pretty look at all times new
stuff how exciting oh look it's got my
name on it
that's cool thanks T I've actually
already seen these because I've seen tan
using them look how pretty this shade is
one of my favorites the moonlit walk
very cool and these look so good I can't
wait to try these amazing all is another
one under there
oh wait there's another one under there
as well okay I'm very excited which
one's Martha Moo rerun custard this one
this is the one I'm really excited to
use amazing thanks tea I should have
taken this off and put one of hers on
her just thought I'd let you know that
in the meeting I have gone for another
virgin mojito it's not like
had ten days of virgin mijitos either
pretty much all they drank on holiday I
just love how silent and still everybody
go I don't worry don't worry guys I just
have the conversation with myself
no just won't believe I'm ever in
meeting something like you just go there
every other week just to make it look
like you've got the EJ I'm going to get
run over meeting is now done that was
very successful we went through lots and
lots of different things we even started
talking about things for in over a
year's time that's how far in advance
all these things have to happen we're
all now walking formic smells amazing we
are now all came to vodka to grab some
lunch and I think we're gonna meet Alfie
and hatch there so it's gonna be like
the fall it's gonna be like the full
Alfie team team I'm so excited
all we need is Dom oh yeah there's a lot
more than just you guys I hope you're
all hungry yeah I am which way is back
up up down I know Brighton so well I've
only lived here three years why would
okay there we go oh my goodness the
lighting
don't worry
I saw we call render I dropped this I
think I might get my classic black bean
and cheese quesadilla because they are
so good
so also so this is most eager they check
it so I might have to get that as well
but Maddy tells me that feeling
what's it called
oh the woman we just said when looking
for a table 6 she wept was it the girl
with a selfie stick a selfie sticks out
sticking it to 10 on the corner what
yeah no I'm guessing anyway I was
sitting with my beef it's a black bean
dip is really good so we're going to try
some a nice
having said that we for someone in an
urn okay I think like okay we've been
watching for your Twitter's like
documentaries I've seen PFLP yeah my god
I is a classic so so morbid
yeah dead person on our table whilst we
eat okay right let's order yummy black
bean paste dear chicken Chipotle tastier
and all the cheer women in training
which is not nice creative in cinema
really is not sure
and now we are making our way back I am
so full that was delicious I really like
it so take me home now and everyone has
gone so I have an empty house with just
Nala I've got that thing where you feel
quite cold like your bones feel cold do
you know what I mean like you've got
like a chill and you feel like the only
thing that's going to sort you out is a
bath but I can't have a bath because
I've got another meeting in 20 minutes
and then I'm gonna have a bath naina she
literally went in there behind the
cushions what were you doing
you funny girl I was just sat on my
phone looking through snapchat as you do
and Nala disappeared behind these
cushions there's no space in there for
you what are you doing this you've just
got the best face I ever did see
I hate that I can't see anything because
this muff is in the way the Mustang on
the top of the camera it's a lot later
now meetings are done we're watching
Angus thongs and full-frontal snogging
what classic milk impervious noggin what
did I say
full frontal oh that was the book yeah
it's called perfect full frontal
snogging it's called the book but the
film is called why my orange films
called park Mongo all right as I said at
the start of today I've got something
really exciting to share you share share
yeah I was gonna say share with you and
I also wish to show you so I'll share
you can I see it then why would he gasp
why are you touching my stomach don't
start oh man
you fool you should never do that so as
you know bringing out my third book
talked about it in a vlog way back I'll
leave a link in the description my day
nine is the end of this month still have
a bit more of a way to go but the front
cover is finally done and I did say that
I would show you guys the title when the
front cover was done there's still a few
things that need tweaking but I really
wanted to show you it today because I've
got it jojo's and sugar are you ready
gala line going solo I actually did have
to ask these guys for help because we
were trying to pick our gonna go for the
one that I like the best as well I don't
know which one you liked the best I
think the pink and the orange I'm gonna
let you see all these little bits we've
got madame la plage a school for the
arts presents West Side Story what could
that mean oh ma Fissel what could that
mean would you know what a thistle might
mean well this won't my Beach no oh yeah
what good is missile mean broken heart
no a spiky on pain no painful no so many
toys I'll let someone else so much I
figure that one out
we've got a mask and down here we've got
a little sparkler and a camera and we've
got little sparklers around it and it's
orange so what time of the year do you
think it rightly fries oh oh my god
ah protection and pride ah I just gave
you to the jingle thistle what could it
this'll be dense flower head does it
mean there's a dead flower Scottish this
always beautiful fish and robust
Scotland oh they have Scotland ballerina
scholar in da school and they've made me
a mock-up which was so nice of them just
so you can see it in like more 3d my god
the back is amazing yeah we haven't done
that bit yet I told you there's a few
bits to tweak but really all weapons in
this one like funny scenes remains it's
the same mouth
know what I saw is like not real is like
that's not properly real I'm awake
that's not the actual book that's the
first book just Elena yeah
I'm finished third one yet look but yes
I am so so happy that I can share this
with you and I feel like there's a lot
of really cool little hints on the front
and also obviously the title is a big
hint as to the theme of the book and
what is going to be happening with penny
and Noah and I'm so excited for you guys
to find out get it um so love going solo
going solo going solo solo also one
other very exciting thing that's going
to be happening is which I don't even
know if you guys know actually um I've
got my own Twitter emoji with a hashtag
so as you're watching this it's Friday
at midnight tonight
so technically Saturday morning UK time
so that's BST British summer time you
can use the hashtag zoella hashtag going
solo and hashtag girl online going solo
and there will be a little emoji of me
that comes up next to all of those don't
say okay so my I will leave all the
information and which has passed tags
and which has tax token yo so
which hashtags you can use from midnight
on Friday I will also leave a link for
you guys so you can go on over and
pre-order this it is coming out in
November I believe it'll be the 17th but
obviously information will update as
that's still quite far away because yes
I need to finish it out of everyone in
this room sean has actually read no
matter the boyfriend number one Oh
actually man is viste bring them one
alright on holiday
yeah he did hope you got time to fix a
is not bad no an excuse
I thought you'd read the second one
Maury okay
I'm sorry yeah yeah yeah daddy cry my
eyes out there was a little deer fish
that say that Sean was definitely the
most invested in the story I loved it so
actually so I'm going to really enjoy
number three I've saved not really
number two because I know when I read
number one I was so disappointed
couldn't read the neck on straightway so
I'm safely like me number three straight
off yeah Papi's like I'm gonna wait til
a bird yeah exactly
uh you both got until November to finish
but to I'm gonna start reading number
two today
are you yeah do you want what do you
want you want my new paperback already
reading it out this month there you go
thank you very much after publishing a
blog post there you go
Sean three main pieces of advice stood
out from all the comments I know I'm
sure to read it not me surround yourself
with friends and family done number two
distract yourself get out and do more
exciting things until the memories of
him starts fade away
this won't make any sense to you though
because you haven't read the second
wires okay I'm reading it that that
dream move on yes yes
yeah that's Elliot's main advice to Sean
oh yeah yeah and yeah somehow I don't
think it's going to happen so I decided
to try method number two we'll even
there folks thank you do you know what
that reminded me of like drunk history
genre
who wants Sean to read their audio but
like three hey I've come up to bed now
I've got me avocados t-shirt on which a
kind of love and I'm getting cozy and
best and but before I say goodbye I just
thought I would do um the same thing
that I did when I released go online on
tour which was just to read a little bit
of the first bit of the third book girl
online going solo so if you don't want
to listen to me rambling on reading a
story because let's face it I'm not an
orator I don't have a great reading
voice in my head it sounds a lot
different than when I actually read out
loud I'm like mm I was always one of
those people in school that never wanted
to read aloud to the class but Here I am
doing it online but I did it last time
and you guys all really liked it and
also if you actually don't want to know
that's fine you can click off the up
sleeve oh if you'd rather read it but if
you just want to hear a snippet then I
will read them to you also just to let
you guys know if you haven't read the
second book what I'm about to read you
could have spoilers in it so spoiler
alert if you haven't finished the second
book or you're like halfway through it
don't listen beyond this point because I
don't want to ruin it for you by reading
the start of the third book fifteenth of
September
where is Noah Flynn this is a blog post
a small interruption to regularly
scheduled blogging if you're a regular
girl online reader you know I love
answering your questions either in the
comments or by email
despite most of you being super cool and
asking about normal things like my new
school year and how I go about getting
organized my up-and-coming coursework
and exam deadlines I also have my inbox
flooded with questions about Noah Flynn
more specifically where is he what is he
doing and why did he leave the sketch
world tour
now this isn't just happening here on my
blog but on every social media account I
have and even in real life too so I feel
it's time to set the record straight
about what I know if you're a new reader
of my blog you might not be familiar
with the fact that Noah and I used to
date in brackets emphasis on the word
used to long term readers may also know
him as Brooklyn boy and although I
haven't written about him in a while or
us for that matter
his recent hiatus have left a lot of
people wondering about him so deep
breath here's the truth I don't know
either I know as much as you do and all
I can hope is that he's okay and happy
whatever he's doing his management
issued this statement due to juggling a
heavy workload alongside personal
matters Noah has made the decision to
leave the sketch world tour a month
ahead of schedule he sends his apologies
to his fans for any disappointment
caused and thanks them all for their
continued support and that's all I've
got
unfortunately being a friend of Noah's
doesn't automatically mean I have him
GPS tracked so I can't log into some app
on my phone and see where he is although
I'm pretty sure my mom does this for me
and my brother all I can say to you is
that I know Noah and he wouldn't have
made this decision lightly but he is
also a very strong guy I'm sure he'll be
back before we know it I hope this
answers your questions and that we can
all resume life here on guard online as
normal and for those of you who might
not have a clue what I'm talking about
I'm sorry haha also know where if you're
reading this text me back or I may have
to send out a private investigator to
track you down
go online going offline kiss kiss kiss
chapter 1 the moment I finished the
blogpost I hand over my laptop to Elliot
do you think this is good enough
his eyes scan the screen and I worry a
hangnail on the edge of my pinky finger
looks fine to me he says after a few
agonizing seconds his confirmation
granted I grabbed the laptop back and
hit publish before I can change my mind
immediately I feel a burden lift off my
shoulders it's done now I can't take the
words back my statement is officially
out there even though it's ridiculous
that I even need to make a statement
heat rises in my cheeks as I realize how
angry this situation is making me Elliot
coughs loudly interrupting my train of
thought his lips are bunched up into a
corner which makes my heart drop because
I know he's worried about something have
you really not heard from Noah since
mid-august I shrug nope I can't believe
him Brooklyn boy is letting us down I
show again it's about the only gesture I
can muster if I think about it too hard
all the emotions I've been struggling to
hide will come bubbling to the surface
all I have is this one text I take out
my phone and put the message see text
sorry penny
it all got a bit too much I'm quitting
the tour and taking a break I'll be in
touch soon and kiss I don't know what
Noah's definition of soon is but it's
been well over a month now and I haven't
heard a peep
I have sent numerous text DMS and emails
or with no response I also didn't want
to seem like some desperate
ex-girlfriend trying to track him down
so that slowed to a stop recently but it
still sends a gut-wrenching flicker
through my mind every time I think about
the fact that he hasn't responded well
you've done the right thing by putting
your story out there and getting people
off your back who needs that kind of
drama right exactly a shuffle down to
the end of the bed and grab a hairbrush
off my desk my eyes wander around the
selfies pin to the mirror as I run the
brush through the knot of newly
sunkissed Auburn tangles there are
pictures of me with Leah Brown Elliot
and Alex even one with Megan most of
them are obscured though by cutouts of
my favorite photographs from magazines
inspiration for my portfolio and my a
level revision schedule carefully
highlighted and color-coded so I know
exactly what I need to do mum made a
joke that I spent more time color coding
than actually studying but it helps me
to feel in control of something
everything else in my life seems just
beyond my reach
Noah at my photography career even my
friends everyone is preparing for life
beyond sixth form even though I've got a
huge head start with my internship with
Francois Pierre Nouveau one of the
hottest photographers on earth I feel
like I'm standing still while everyone
else is running around me where do I go
from here that is enough of my reading
for today I hope you liked it I'm gonna
go to sleep now um something's got gonna
throw this is like the weirdest angle
but I quite like because I feel like
you're like sight at the end of my bed
and I'm just like reading to you at the
end of my bed it's quite cash it feels
quite nice I like it
me and Panda wish you good night we love
you a lot
thanks for listening I hope you're as
excited as I am but yeah anyway I'm
gonna stop rambling and I am actually
gonna go to sleep now so thank you so
much for watching give it a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I will see you again
soon
