good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 20
can you believe there's five days till
Christmas four days left of vlogmas it's
gone so quickly I'm also wearing my
tinsel jumper I feel extremely extra and
extremely Christmassy but it's the
perfect time of the year to be feeling
those things so I thought I'd whip the
jumper out although it has been kind of
Impractical so far this morning
it went in my shoes and I was trying to
tie my shoes up I was trying to do a
little tidy up downstairs at the air B&B
and it just kept being in the way when I
was picking things up but I don't care
good I love it I've got a serious case
of fluffy hair today need to get back
and wash it just currently packing up to
leave we're going to knit back to my
dad's and then we are gonna go over and
see my nan and then I think alfea's
gonna fly the drone take two with a
memory card in there and then I think
we're gonna head back maybe grab some
lunch before we leave but there is so
much to do at home you know when you
start like itching to get back just
because you know you have a to-do list
that's as long as your arm that's how I
feel right now I really really want to
get back and kind of sort the house out
get that ready because we've got Amanda
Nick poppy and Shawn staying over on
Christmas Eve so of course I want to
make that the nicest experience possible
ways actually gonna be the first time
that Nick and Amanda rather stay to our
house because why would they ever really
need to so yeah I want to change all the
bedding make the bedrooms nice sort the
bathroom out cuz that's a bit of a mess
the list goes on and I don't want to
bore you with it but that's what I'm
gonna be doing when I get home I also
need to really sort out my p.o box like
it's next-level unorganized and all over
the place and I've not had a chance to
look through any of the Christmas Piazza
liveries that I received so I'm excited
to do that as well
goodbye air B&B thanks for having me Oh
can't get mad top Oh Bonjour
Oh taking a picture oh we've been to my
dad we've been to see my nan which was
really lovely had a nice catch up with
her
and now we're back in the park and
Alpha's gonna do some droning before we
head back to Brighton it's quite a like
dark day today isn't it like it's very
it's just one of those days where it's
never really it's good lighting for
vlogs though yeah it's very it looks
bright but I feel like it's a really
dark day one of those days that you'd
mostly spend cozying up inside under a
blanket I'm gonna head out and do some
droning I need to find my coat though is
it the boot is it easy to get to yes
okay keep heading back to the car now
whoa successful droning that was camera
lady for a little bit
we've pulled up because Alfie really
want some food so he's running about
grabbing something and then we're gonna
make our way back I feel like in this
video all I've said is we're doing this
we're doing that we're doing this from
the cloth we're currently stopped in
divisors fun fact I used to work here at
the Wiltshire wildlife trust it was
really fun so this is where I literally
spent every day and I would go to summer
field and I would buy myself a bag at
some dairy lee and some salt vinegar
crisps as if i was treating myself and i
would buy that and I would put the Dara
Lee in the baguette and I saw being a
Christian the baguette and that was what
I wanted for my lunch
I really is though this is where I spent
a lot of time it's really cute little
town actually get buzzy did he get some
nods for attacking Zoey dirty doggies
buzz getta getta getta buzz guitar
they're bored ow we're home and it's
well and truly been one of those days
where I just nothing's really happened
so I cut there's like been nothing to
film it's only 8 p.m. now but I'm really
really tired like if you can already
tell and I could start going through my
PA box now but I think I would rather go
to bed though I think what I'm gonna do
is start to bed now and insert some
footage of me going through my plyo box
which i will do tomorrow because I'm
just absolutely bloody knackered I just
know that this video is going to be so
short because we've just been in a car
the journey back to Brighton was a long
one I think everyone was doing like
their drive home for Christmas and it
was also rush hour so there was a lot of
traffic we did about 30 miles an hour on
the m3 but we're here we're home
it's nice and cozy we've got the
Christmas tree lights arms I put Michael
bubl√©'s Christmas in Hollywood on old
you act
want to watch it I thought you were
telling it over I that'll be why I was
to watch it then still got this horrific
cushion on the sofa can we get rid of
this before Christmas yeah it's comfy
that's very aggressive I looks so weird
like scrunch up fold the whole cushion
in half oh my god that look balik's so
weird yeah
this cushion needs to go or at least
let's just put it this way around for a
bit there we go I'm now going to insert
a clip of me going through my PA box I
hope you enjoy it okay this is what
we're currently working with where to
start I think the first thing I'm gonna
do is tip them all out should I do that
or should I go through each bag any
other youtubers or bloggers out there
who get Pierre box in a breeze how do
you do it I'd love to know your process
because I think for me
I'll tip it all out so it's all up and
then I think I push it into categories
of I'd love to talk about this to my
audience or show this in a vlog or this
looks amazing I need to like talk about
this then things I'm like oh I really
want to keep that that looks great and
then things that I'm like oh I probably
wouldn't keep that that's not really my
sort of item and then I split those
things into piles of charity women's
shelters schools anywhere else like
friends and family places where they
will be appreciated a lot more so that's
I think that's kind of how I do it but I
don't know whether I've had this much
all at once before ever in my life ever
so I don't know how long this is gonna
take but let's get started I'm really
excited to see what new amazing things
there are right now in
why'd you make piles of like clothing
makeup ah doctors I've been kinda higher
all of this stuff goes to my P o box
which is where my management is so
that's why it's already all been opened
and sorted through which is why I don't
have the press releases all the letters
so I can't say like where certain things
are from oh my god these are like real
Elfi pajamas
Christmas or a musical edition ah thanks
Claudia Schiffer Oh Falls oh and I love
Claudia I love that thank you so much
that is like a beautiful
oh my god this is so cute the snowman a
personalized adaptation of the plastic
film this is our fees starring Alfie
deyes that would obviously be a kick you
just present if you knew a child this is
by pen wizard starring Zoe sugg I've
sorted everything into piles I think and
I'm just gonna show you some of the
stuff that I very kindly received in my
PA box so the first thing which I was
like oh my goodness this is beyond
generous we've got to fujifilm instax
cameras these look insane they're the
hybrid instant camera instant print and
digital technologies so we've got two of
those so I'm assuming one for me and one
for Alfie and then so many film like
we're never gonna run out of film ever
so thank you so much Instax I'm going to
use these on Christmas Day maybe not
using both of them Alfie can have this
but I'm definitely gonna be using one on
Christmas Day and across the new year
and just take so many pics I love that
they're square too I think that's really
cool also thought this was exceptionally
cool last year my dad actually bought
Alfie the Blue Planet original book and
we've been sent to Alfie and Zoe enjoyed
this early Christmas gift of the blue
planet to DVD and book with complements
BBC Worldwide and penguin Random House
and I lifted this oh my god it's David
Attenborough's actual signature do you
know how happy this makes me
this is like one of the coolest things I
have ever received in my Bo box I
absolutely love it and I love David
Attenborough so much so thank you so
much BBC and penguin and David
Attenborough for signing that
look how beautiful this book is this is
honestly oh so cool I love blue planet
so one of those programs that I really
like to watch when I just want to feel
very calm love it so yeah amazing
and then over in the beauty corner I
mean there could be something that
you're looking at right now and you're
like please look at that please open
that and I don't really know where to
start
oh I might put you there and then I just
hold things up yeah including to do that
you have to excuse the sound of the road
as well because there's lots of cars
going past this really warm in here
probably because I'm wearing like the
thickest fleece jumper ever
I seem to elderflower one thing I do
want to look at which definitely caught
my eye was this this is the spectrum
zodiac collection very cool this bag is
lovely this is the fire range you just
you can never go wrong with new brushes
I really like the design of these put
stars on mmm focusing on my face there
you go these look lovely I'm excited to
try those so thank you very much for
those spectrum Oh their minerals have
sent this I'm assuming this is like
their Christmas collection
includes original foundation in fatty
light which is my shade and a little
brush oh pretty
this must be their Christmas one I love
bareMinerals foundation so much I pretty
much used step through the whole summer
I really really recommend it so you get
a little brush oh hi NOLA mother I'm up
here can you get it don't you guys do
you know I can't manage on one of these
treats in this ball ball yeah there you
go
oh you should do that
she always lands not for that tree I
mean she thinks like I'm gonna change my
mind and take it off her or something
and then the foundations come in this
lovely little spot perfect and you know
what I just run out of that oh my
hiccups
No thank you very much bare bare
essentials this looks insane this is a
huge Marc Jacobs it's like amazing bleep
up case like I'm now thinking what can I
use this for when I take what's inside
of it out because it's amazing and then
inside you have all these lipsticks or
lip cream no angel oh these look to die
for all they're just lovely like nude
colors oh yes there's a whole range of
different colors we also have this Marc
Jacobs palette which looks extremely
cool I love how big the mirrors are like
look at that I've crazy you can lift
it's like Inception that cow pretty
these colors are there's a nice
selection and this is called the wild
one palette
I'm loving the animal print Marc Jacobs
we have this which looked cool two-faced
you guys know two-faced
up there with one of my absolute
favorites or eyeshadows I absolutely
love that eyeshadows I love a lot of lip
products I love a lot of things about
Too Faced and this is their chocolate
gold palette like look at that
but it's amazing like their packaging is
so cool oh my goodness
there are so many beautiful colors in
here look at that okay oh my god and it
smells of chocolate just FYI
I definitely think I've just dipped my
nose hey my my makeup bag also have
two-faced Dimond like multi-use diamond
fire highlighter ring box
oh no it's all broken mine didn't
survive the journey but it looks
beautiful
oh god it was going everywhere sadly
mine did not survive the journey to my
p.o box or from the PIO box to my house
which is so sad but that packaging is
beautiful all this makeup really excites
me so I have quite a few things from
Kylie Jenner here I have the naughty
color the nice habit the wet set and the
lip kit set so we've got spice and sugar
so what should we look at first so this
is the spice set and you've got so it's
liquid lip collections
Halle Berry juniper cinnamon clove and
goals
I love myself Oh Kylie lip liquid
lipstick and then in this one which is
the sugar collection you've got butter
sugar savage angel and boy buy there's
some really pretty colors in here I'm
really excited to open these I've seen
them on her Instagram story oh I love
that
it's like felt that reminds me of
something oh my god why is that
instantly reminded me of something I
have no idea what it is but it instantly
reminded me okay these colors are
beautiful
why how to cut blizzard really spoilt
for choice with which I shadows I want
to use right now that's a nice palette
and then the naughty palette I love this
packaging because I'm all about that
green and then here's the naughty
palette again it's got that flock on it
which is really nice oh I love the
emerald green color again some really
beautiful shades then we also have the
Kylie velvet liquid lipstick and lip
liner in the shade red velvet
oh wow that looks like the perfect
Christmas red so nice and this is called
red velvet gonna sneeze okay and then we
have the wet set pressed powder palette
oh it looks glittery that is very
glittery oh these look lovely quite a
bit more showery than I'm probably used
to but still really really pretty colors
oh it's cream not oh they're really nice
they're not too creamy like it goes to a
powder when you put it on that's nice
actually
I really like that if something else
from bareMinerals actually this is they
the deluxe mineral veil
I used to use mineral veil actually it's
like a setting powder so you can put it
on top so you can put it on top of the
foundation so yeah a finishing powder
Wow look at that that is so cool good I
forgot I used to use this I'm gonna pop
that back in my makeup collection I also
have a colleague makeup bag as well
which is cool I just love this color a
lot we've got some color pop stuff this
is the color pop dusk till dawn
super shock shadow collection so why do
we get here oh these look Ingrid can you
see that they love lay I like the color
of the packaging like this really lovely
like mint green color pop and a pop all
I see is magic shadow palette oh listen
I like that
that's very pretty and the color pop
shadows are very pigmented pressed
powder cheek highlighter oh it's like
color again oh this looks beautiful this
looks right up my street I love the look
of this that's very pretty it's like a
peachy shimmer I love that then we have
another one that's they take me home a
palette does it bother you that I'm
really off-center it's a bit late for
that okay these colors are great these
are like my everyday colors so that's
perfect that that's in like a little
palette or for any of you that aren't
like big into eyeshadow
and you only really stick to neutral
shades I feel like this would be a good
palette beer and then we have this by
color pop and it's the dream Street
kathleenlights X love the packaging
pressed powder shadow palette very
pretty
especially like the look at these two
and then ultra satin lip and an ultra
colossi moonchild dreamy and Robair or
look at this lip gloss
I used this also looks beaut
gosh you're gonna have to have another
like makeup clear out so you just had
one and again an orange you know how
much I love an orange so that's perfect
thank you so much oh this is exciting
k'kaw beauty look these are her glosses
and pigmen look that's so pretty
I'm gonna try it I'm gonna attempt to
try and put all of these wait wait for
it there we go
look at them
which one do I think I'm the most
excited to tribal probably this rosy
gold one called
copper so the copper one and also the
iridescent one just looks beautiful
having to put it in front of my face by
the way because the camera only wants to
focus on my face and I'm not sure that I
really wanted to focus on my face right
now because I'm working on it but yeah
thank you
k'kaw team these look beautiful
got sent lots of shortbread from hawkers
which I am so chuffed about because you
guys know I love my shortbread
especially at this time of year love it
I've got this little mug Little Miss so
Ella how cool is that I don't know how
it came from but it's so cute now I feel
like this could be from a viewer because
there's this beautiful pencil sketch of
Nala on the front of it so I'm gonna
really carefully take this off because
what she takes ah here we go
okay - dear Zoey athlean niala happy
puzzling we hope you like the card ready
the Prezi left from Sara and Kate
sisters mums and puzzle addicts oh my
god it'll dump ah sister I thought it
would send you this puzzle stop Sauter
to help you with your puzzles we noticed
in your recent blogs that you like your
puzzles and you don't appear to have one
so now you have we're huge fans of yours
and half these channels and just wanted
to say hello give you this present and
card and tell you how much we were doing
the vlogs
happy puzzling love from Sarah Kate and
Jessica if you like the picture of Nana
on your card then please check out my
two YouTube channels art cadets and the
art type where we have lots of fun to
create and cool art how amazing and yes
I love this picture of Nala it is
amazing like insane I love it thank you
so so much this I didn't know I needed
in my life but I do need in my life this
makes so much sense look it's a puzzle
sorter so you can sort different colour
and keep them in a stack because
currently every time I need to move my
puzzle I just have to scoop all the
pieces and put them back in the box now
I've got this I don't need to do that
most excited about this Ribena sent me
at that winter spice and I've got my
frickin babe on it what more could you
want at Christmastime honestly I got
this in my peer box dan and Phil and
dogs
20:18 canada it's got a bit bashed in
the PA box so I'm gonna have to place it
in a something to keep it flat but I'm
gonna check out my my birthday ah there
we go
that's the March one I don't want to
give them all away in case some of you
bought it and you're like waiting for
each month to see what the picture is
but I mean I just love this idea so much
you guys
this is great I've got a few pairs of
pajamas which I'm personally folded for
now but I'm sure you'll see me wearing
them but yeah I think now I'm gonna try
and actually distribute this because
that's what's gonna take me a long time
and try and like sort out which shades I
want to keep and all those sort of
things but thank you so much to every
company and every person and everyone
who has been generous enough to send me
anything ever in my PA box because it is
so lovely being able to see all the new
products I mean I love makeup and I love
things like this so I still get just as
excited to see what comes into my PA box
thank you so so much
very generous as always and I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog I'm now going to
continue this day on the real day give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and I will see you again tomorrow where
there will only be three more days of
vlogmas left like how has that even
happened
