get moving and tuck in Saturday I have
the best sleep ever last night I'm sorry
if you can't hear me over there running
cat I'm running myself a little look
Saturday mornings are I'm going to kill
Annette I'm going to catch up on some
YouTube videos
it's another really nice day and so far
we have no time this weekend apart from
I do still need to write a lot of my
birth so I have that to do so when I'm
going to do that maybe I will set up
camp outside in the turn and do some
writing what am I going to put any bar
very hot how I think a little bit of the
weather Barfleur hey yeah
I'm also going to go for and sugared it
as well
just out the bar and not gonna lie
I haven't actually brushed my hair yet I
really need to brush my hair I'm now
making myself an alkie some breakfast
I'm doing
scrambled eggs baked beans halloumi
spinach and hummus with a little bit of
balsamic you've got the beans on got the
halloumi in this halloumi by the way is
really good this is the one from
Waitrose so good and yeah although after
you fit in bed so hopefully you will
actually come downstairs when breakfast
is ready because he has a habit of
breakfast being ready and it's getting
cold because he doesn't come down in
time to eat it
Oh
breakfast is done mine's got sesame
seeds and balsamic but Alfie doesn't
like those so his is a bit more playing
I mean it doesn't look the tastiest but
I can assure you it tastes delicious
last night we were watching stranger
things and I fell asleep
you sure yeah but Alfie did an episode
and half over me so I'm gonna now say I
don't know I'm watched episode 6 are you
having fun episodes air support yes I've
only got part of an episode yeah yeah ok
put me out on we've had a very chilled
morning of not really doing much and
I've really enjoyed it and I've just
realised it's five to four outfits five
to four we won't be able to go to
arendelle they'll close it we were going
to go to arendelle Castle and actually
the sun's gone out it's quite cold I'm
sat here ready to go like summertime
like summery and it's not even that warm
now it's taken us so long to get ready
we got everything so slowly today but I
really enjoyed it because I quite like
days like that where you're just kind of
chilled just relaxing to be honest which
we don't really get to do a lot of
especially not together because normally
Alfie's busy doing something or I'm busy
doing something but it's been a really
nice yeah she feels like a weekend which
is really cool cuz I'm Alfie's just
editing up his flog and I'm gonna try
one of these cuz I bought it wait rosy
of the day
foxes New York bake house red velvet
crunch creams and they look really good
so I'll let you know what I think
wizzy it's for me careful wrong
hmm it's not V you ever don't really
taste too much different from normal
boxes creams but freed Alicia
we've come for a little walk at stammer
which is the place that we always tend
to go to to kind of chill go for picnics
etc on a nice day so you will have seen
us come here before who recognizes this
door where have you seen this before I
used that in a lookbook the autumn
winter lookbook I just had to Alvie I
wish we still had time to help each
other film our videos like we used to
but we don't anymore both too busy
oh and locked every inch at the door
well it's still lock if I've locked it
but you haven't shut your door well it's
still lock so before coming here Alfie
run into the petrol station and picked
up some snacks and he also went and got
some fish and chips which is nice so
we're going to sit and just make the
most of the rest of the day which seemed
to have slipped
Oh what happens if you touch my car guys
let that be a lesson oh my god I knew
your attack might be still going on I
literally just rates prints of everyone
also cipher
you're not the insider the green guy
with a long that's it you want to go and
get it don't you Alfie just stop these
two guys and was like a played Pokemon
there are none clearly look like they're
playing Pokemon they were on a mission
and he was like done did you see the
picture down there the pic no sofa
cipher there's a safer down there I feel
they're running no all she's free and I
had a weed with this recovery juicer
which way do you want to go
she had that yeah I'm saying up to the
quiet way but you want to go and get the
cipher let's go come on I want to get it
yeah
how much would I have to pay you to dive
in that mound of horse pee that is a lot
of horse poo you're going to get one
over oh yeah how much for you to dive
into that fiber fiber you liar
yeah packet great monstermunch oh it has
to be a grab bag I like a grab bag sighs
then nothing family sighs fun pack yeah
liquid on your monstermunch is it is it
weird that like the smell of horse poo
reminds me of like my childhood the bear
but horse two and calfy it's gonna wear
because I lived like in the countryside
smells like that quite like I mean
they're gross but a quite complicated
really wanna go thing without force at
that horse pee smell literally smells
like living in a village by a million
farms in the countryside
remember that filled extra house that we
should drive past every time we went
some money down okay
no come on you're not going to be able
to play with the horses you don't want
to play with you I just caught a 600 and
like 49 CP Scyther in the park and
Alfie's crushed and now look at him he's
trying to find it
he's literally abandoned all his stuff
to go and try and catch the Pokemon this
is what my date this evening has come to
he's just left me to go and get Pokemon
oh he's looking at they ain't looking at
me he's got it did he get it look it
little face he looks happy
he's walking with swagger you got it
yeah 1200 no it wasn't because you're in
a higher level than me is that why no it
wasn't 1200 it's worse than yours was it
what was it 605 what was mine 647 or
something 620 heavy mine was 620 oh
really yes yeah yeah I like your t-shirt
today thank you
I like what you've got on the back
specifically know you've got piece of
grass on you oh man the design think so
much Jesus look guys this man down here
is packing up a hot air balloon so I'm
assuming that they landed it here and
now they're packing it up would you go
on a hot air balloon yes let's do it
I really want to I'm just a little bit
scared no I think if anything the hot
air balloons is so relaxing I'm just
wondering whether you can get motion
sickness in a higher balloon you can't I
think it's like really like glides like
yeah pound it's just literally unreal
it's something I have on my to do before
I die list or maybe to do before I'm 30
these little got actually a thing
they're just quite mental you see that
literatures pulled up no you didn't you
are so hardcore let me feel that let me
feel that impress you let me feel that
oh oh
does it impress you I mean oh no we've
got a little wasp buzzing around our
fish and chips generally appreciate yeah
that's really impressive
did you pull it off my hand I'm very
impressed
yeah wasp we're being attacked by what
some children are you screwing off you
numpty look at this little picnic we've
got I say fish and chips but alpha got
sausages and chips does anyone ever get
fish and chips when they say fish and
Jeff got an egg sandwich oh thanks mate
you got me the low-calorie one genuine
the Hat
mmm I'm joking it's gonna all taste the
same mmm what
don't go fooling me with all these
Pokemon my god is so nice you can't have
a spontaneous picnic without a cheeky
finger do you want one
on much more intricate sausage bein you
endows I can't open it with me left and
I'll give you a finger like so there you
go finally fight in the video so bad he
loves me do you like butter
that's a buttercup not Daisy do you like
daisies
I don't wanna kiss ha ha ha no you
couldn't get your feet
where'd you come from Cunard yo we do it
I'm against choice hi I'm hiding from
you tell you a long time Terry I wasn't
behind you though thought is you might
be catching a Pokemon I've got see
you're like where is that a sneaky bitch
with her phone come on so he comes back
with bloody Gyarados or something boy so
much would I find her just had a really
lovely long catch up with much Camilla
wheeze which was what known as like
running circles around Alfie which was
really lovely because we haven't are
they oh that's so funny
because we haven't had a catch-up in a
while so that was really nice and now me
and Alfie have decided to take Nala on a
late-night stroll all the wind is doing
that thing where I feel hungry you know
it's so strong you're like yeah I put
something on a little bit warmer I've
got my lazy ace jumper dress on I love
this dress Sierra we've come to the
beach which is nice I quite like coming
here at night
Nalla just loves coming out for this
really doesn't ever go off or does she
not oh god we might do a little spot of
Pokemon hunting as well had a nice
evening
very relaxed nice and we've got the last
part of stranger things to watch tonight
which I'm really excited about we saved
it earlier I'm really glad we saved it
now hey I just don't know you I don't
know what the end is going to be I can't
guess okay I have no idea what the
ending is going to be no me neither and
I don't want to make predictions in my
vlog because the people that haven't
seen it yet that's gonna really know I
might know one didn't know I know it
actually don't know I really miss doing
walks like this when I used to live on
the seafront we had so many walks at
night along the beach didn't we yeah
although it's a bit windy than I thought
it was going to be not gonna lie back
hey mer joy back home in bed now and we
are about to watch Birds or last episode
I'm gonna be really sad that it's done
because then what will we watch we'll
have to find a new series or you know
carry on with our lives back to whatever
we were doing before we were watching
this each this YouTube program Netflix
program anyway thank you so much for
watching the vlogs today I hope you had
a great day also as you're watching this
the weekend is over so I really hope you
had a great weekend let me know down on
it no it's gonna be a fresh start to the
week tomorrow Monday for you guys it's
gonna be fun exciting tell me one great
thing that happened at the weekend and
one thing you want to happen next week
that's your homework what do you want to
say say goodnight on today thank you for
the sport and hope you've enjoyed the
vlog and watch stranger things are
NetFlow
that's really good don't watch on your
shipment my daily vlogs oh thank you no
I said strangers please subscribe to my
daily dose thank you know I look shiny
anyway my battery's flashing gotta go
take a bride you have really been in my
video today
puppy you really good girl would you do
it yes good night
