Asuma what the hell happened that that's
the case
good morning everybody it is a beautiful
hashes memory that feature is quite
great
it's a lovely Wednesday and myself Shawn
copy and mark and Alfie actually it
would be you that I see you we just went
for breakfast and now we are walking to
a little Museum that I've driven past so
many times since I've lived in Brighton
and I've never been into it so we're
going to go and we're going to go in
there just see why so about
is it said it's really good just going
on junga oh yeah
very excited let's do D yeah
the base Museum of Natural History
Wow he's a baby's health
oh boy
God not gonna lie it's not like
mothballs in here like oh it's rebid no
yeah the buoys Oh are they just oh it's
the must be cut up wasn't no it's not is
the line
why are we here guys quite creepy we
need to move more sister dinner party oh
thank god guys I found a size
representation of my skull number five
oh that's me head my selfies this one a
huge one this one's a fish
yeah this alpha Cisco trying grandma
okay guys thank you off on this one
either
oh gosh no that's just it oh no it's
just in the glasses back home and the
weather is disgusting it's poopy and
rubbish so what we do in make it of all
okay so this is what we got so far we've
got a structure we've got a structure
which is an important part of any den I
don't know if it's straight but who
knows
so I'm going to pick you up here why do
we make it all the weather outside rainy
so we're gonna make her Danny simply no
place to go so staying or making up okay
this phone on the third what you talked
in longest cook-off
don't you want to be ready
don't you want me and you put my comfies
on do it so you've got a little cubby
area for some snacks we've got some
cushions we've got the light we've got a
laptop space here it's all going on
they'll be so cute at night so this is
why we're gonna now watch films yeah and
this is what it looks like with the
lights aw it's so spacious I love it I
freaking love it
so myself and Mark have been chilling
your eye I'm just going hello
we have been chilling in the dam is so
cozy I love it I got an olive between me
legs
we won't alpha-2 come back wait for me
to come back so you can chill out with
us in the den - and we're now watching
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
Oh gasps this group I just wanna like
we're in the woods
oh no y-you shouldn't evm way we're in
the woods we're in the woods yeah sorry
chill guys we've been watching this TV
series called nighty night not the
faint-hearted
it's really weird dark humour you need
to at least be 18 - yeah we just love it
it's just so weird another buck stupid
and funny we've watched a whole series
of it and now we can't stop quoting it I
know it's so good if any of you have
seen it let me know what you thought of
it in the comments
it is either to mark him either get it
and you love it or you freakin hate it
and you go what isn't it I can't believe
this was made for TV no I actually can't
if this was made like now people would
be like what Ofcom would get on that
would not a word Ofcom would offload
their comms content sometimes I think I
look like that devil that's like what's
your like where when it's nostrils that
like go up Oh kind of pointy I think
it's like a picture of a devil I don't
know but I think I look like right on a
d-pad I'd be sanitary be sanitary towel
anyway oh ah shoot you shoot your
vampire bam bam we ate you oh ah right
let's go get out get out of my power
feel well
c'mere boys are always my heart look at
your little ruffian yeah don't they get
with Allah how good is this look at my
space you've got your side you've got a
little show no Evan I'm chilled I could
fall asleep in here same maybe we should
have an afternoon nap because we've done
so much we've been to the butterfly
house can you imagine and ask nothing
what's wrong with our start laughing did
you in school did you ever have that
thing where you'd have to have like an
hour's like lie down I never slept I
went to brownie camp and they made me
they made us do that and I was like what
am I supposed to do like so we had took
a pillow and we just had to lay on it
for an hour and have a little nap serial
killer sent you on hadn't learned that
from you fer I let you have no idea what
he said up up to yon FIFA I learned that
from Luther oh you know when he faked
the ORN yeah when he first met Emma hey
Alice I'm sorry she didn't yawn she's a
serial killer
oh yeah so if people don't you when you
you're necessary okay and um yeah and
you do what you'd always get like the
giggles and be like oh yeah lightly
sleep but if like you fell asleep faster
than I was like snapchat you listen to
like a Winnie on my head I always fall
asleep okay you always cry and I always
would quite well I cry those sleeves
always fall asleep if you if you ever
happen to be watching a film with me in
the evening you'll you'll have my
attention for like the first 10 minutes
and then you'll wake up the inside oh
that was really good I liked the bit
where he walked into the cab of God into
the pub and I was like oh that's the bit
the beginning I did with the Enfield
haunting tonight yeah you
ah ha dab it where the bit was that the
scary bit of zeros at the star so bad go
home hey I'm using a cool blue
okuru when you first sit up it thumbnail
I guess I guess I can call goes up or
goes oh my god yeah oh my there we go
mia market currently watching
was it good Total Wipeout Total Wipeout
you know that really cringey bit when
they stand at the top and they have to
like say something to the camera
mark just goes what would you say I was
like I shouldn't you go first
what would you say so you're at a car
okay the cameras on you okay oh oh no I
don't know what I would say okay come on
guys I'm ready for this race I'm gonna
show them what I've got she may be small
but she is fierce watch me whip this
Nene I will soar over those inflatable
balls holy crap Oh get that snap get it
Cheers
just look chill up do I look like I
don't know name somebody I don't know if
the name sideways hat who do I look like
I honestly have no idea who do you look
like George Sampson
does he always reside inside the Gaza
today singing in the rain
Thompson thing for Prince Cortana didn't
he look like that Alfie's now in the den
I wish we could leave this up
permanently I love it
I love you little like Marx not really
in the dance it's getting too long I've
been kidnapped a kid is really always to
get my phone in here regulate the
temperature I could sleep in here kid
you not really yeah I couldn't hear well
hmm I can't wait till it's like profit
on our Aryan nice there's no ventilation
over there well I'm going to shelf yeah
that's why I said it's like a perfect
bag why knowledge licking my knee
what are you doing pop come here little
princess like I'm not a princess I'm a
king Oh something some stupid video
sorry doesn't impression of me the
people we were friends before we were
friends
oh that's what's the Alfie deyes fair
also how about that code that your hair
yeah boy will awake I think I clip Todd
I've all our wig especially for that no
I don't think so can you imagine if you
saw this before the Peruvian like that
billions of them you may define a point
to a guinea pig myself I love it okay
the evening has drawn in we've got Alfie
in the den now mark in the den and we
are about to watch a film another
incident he's round there we're about to
watch a film we have decided to go with
one of my faves which mark haven't
it's called about time and if you have
not seen this you have to watch it it is
so good I'm reckoning there's about a
one in two chance you're gonna actually
cry I reckon you're gonna have a little
sob of this it's a really great film
really really great I'm excited I can't
wait
