hi its future Zoe cutting into the
beginning of a vlog you're just about to
watch to give you some exciting
information now I wasn't going to be
putting this up in this actual video I
was going to be having a whole other
kind of day where I was going to kind of
insert it in I feel like there's a lot
going on in this video now but I thought
I would quickly make this because water
stones have already given it away oh
well these things happen these things
happen I think I said recently actually
on my snapchat if you don't follow me on
snapchat follow me on snapchat I bloody
love snapchat it's amazing my snapchat
username is official zoella um what was
the saying so I said recently on my
snapchat that I was working on I think
it was eight or nine big projects when I
say big projects I just mean big kind of
more slightly ongoing things that are
not YouTube or blog related however I
have now released Sweet Inspirations and
the book club starts next week so that
is two things that are kind of finally
on a roll the other thing that I have
been working on since January possibly
December I can't remember when
conversations started was around go
online one other thing that is being
released on the 14th of July I believe
it is is my girl online on tour
paperback now much like girl online
which first came out in hardback and
then it came out in paperback in summer
this is exactly the same so the hardback
is out right now paperback is out 14th
of July so I just thought I would show
you that front cover because look how
pretty it is I freaking love it this
isn't actually the exact front cover
this is like a mock-up because they
haven't printed it yet
another thing I wanted to show you was
on the back it says this I'm including
first look chapters from the third book
but yes I am currently writing girl on
line number three um so a lot of you
have been asking me all of today in fact
any time I've refreshed my Twitter it's
been is this a real thing is this
happening is there something you're not
telling us so yes there is something I
have not told you for many many months
and that is that I am working on girl on
line three and I have Amy as my editor
again which I'm so happy about because I
love Amy so much and she's amazing and
she teaches me so much and I don't know
I'm just I'm super excited that I get to
start this whole process again I have a
lot to do um so I apologize now if that
means slightly less content every now
and then but I'm going to try my
absolute hardest none of you have been
able to tell up until this point and I
am working on so many things so I feel
like I'm keeping my head above water
just about but yeah I'm really excited I
hope you guys are really excited I'll
leave a link down below to pre-orders
for the paid back for the second book
and also I think I can leave a pre-order
link for the third book actually so I
will do that as well
let the writing and the girl on Linus
commence I'm so not done with penny and
know yet you guys knew that you guys
knew I so wasn't done I left it on a
little bit of a cliffhanger not gonna
lie so I feel like so many of you gonna
be like thank God and I love you very
much I'm gonna let you carry on watching
the vlog from Poppy's birthday bye hello
everybody
you might notice today I am someone that
is not my house
we are in fact at a spa yeah and why are
we here Bobby
in my bath day birthday no it isn't Sean
we've had your fun
many of Hagar's just the days left the
days is my days mom dad yeah oh yeah um
so we've come here for a couple of days
to celebrate Papa's birthday and just
have a general nice weekend so I'm very
excited
look how lovely and sunny it is - on our
way here it was absolutely chucking it
down we've had thunder and lightning all
morning and then the finish we've got
the nether that came out I was really
happy about that and Alfie drove us here
didn't you yeah how well did that go I'm
gonna be right
yeah I'm poppy drove it was amazing
they call media miss Hamilton nice
flowers like half the job yeah that's
what I said right Alfie give me a quick
tour of this place cuz you've been here
before
no and my arms gonna hurt so you got be
coming you're very cool shape look at
the pretty flowers okay yeah well cool
shaped front door really cool off in my
head look at the shower is oh wow nice
love it love it and then go through a
headless pop-influenced bedroom nice
very nice oh my god this bathroom are
you kidding me insane it's so so nice
deep shower
another nice shower lovely lovely I love
that bath it is gorgeous storage or even
it up you like your storage don't you oh
it's nice in here very nice love it
through the kitchen in the program on
the dining room kitchen dining room oh
yeah TV others war another exit enough
access don't bedroom but we're gonna
push our beds together yes we should do
that how are we gonna do that
oh no I'm just pushing together okay
nice
I'm certified a I'm really excited we've
got a deer and
- holy actually when Holly came bjq
thought that was a real deal when she
walked in you know she did me oh my god
but yeah we are gonna grab some lunch
because we are so hungry let's get this
boy yeah
oh my god
careful of that wasp what's that war
spell
it's on your face
so sleeve isn't it hello hello where we
go in swimming Mimi we are going to the
spa most excited for that a little
relaxed sitting some bubbles you ready
you ready what's that from what's on you
ready you ready it's like everybody's
got a price I wonder how they sleep you
read it
huh q q are you ready
Hulme are you ready you what it's you
ready oh I get it
I like that Jay don't come on here yeah
Yahoo oh you might imagine L fear the
hue you know you look like a hue I do
not look like you you do look like a
Steve Anthony if you go down to the
woods today you're a little big surprise
oh oh boy this lawyer
this looks mean you're their ID anyway I
want to know what this beautiful purple
bushes because I swear I've never seen
that before and they're everywhere and
on our drive here it was so beautiful
because of these I don't know what they
are I just don't really remember ever
seeing them again ever before I mean cuz
you gotta go to work work work work work
hey you can do the running man
my rate
Oh daddy your daddy on oh my gosh blank
anyway we're heading to the spa got my
bikini on got some knickers in my pocket
I'm ready to hit the spa so I'm not sure
the way okay when the changing room now
there's one key and we're just gonna
care no Kevin go swimming oh my voice
sound like a Dalek we just ordered some
drinky gone for a classic virgin mojito
my face what you guys get you've got a
passion fruit cocktails and gin and
tonics and red wine it's all going down
and as usual I am the one with our fees
first I won't use well require you I'm
the one not drinking any alcohol I'm
hoping clothes on a minute Rosie
finished up in the spa and now me a buck
rappy
what is that tree like I've never seen
anything like it
it's so colorful everything just smells
incredible I would love to do a little
like tea parties how cute would that be
I can't get over the tree like this is
the most amazing thing I've ever seen I
want one of these in my garden oh my god
there are so many just wrap it look at
that silly I know look at I don't think
it's quite showing up how vibrant learn
so many like beautiful colors
creepin up on the rabbit I can currently
see four rabbits
oh no I stood on a twig what's in there
oh my god I feel like if we go in here
there'll be a Totoro
Oh what the heck oh my god I think
control it's down there how you don't
leave me in here the boys are taking so
long I swear to God anyone that says
that girls take a long time to get ready
can do one because actually boys take
way longer there are so many rabbits to
verify was a rabbit I would for sure
love her look this is the bit where
puppy scares them all away home we go
can't wait to get into me jammies yeah
you
angela is her glass
you
it's talking birthday and myself Shawn
and Alfie have decorated the house got
yeah we've made Papa stay in a room
look at this cake from crumbs and
weenies oh my freaking God it looks
amazing it's a Neapolitan cake I'm being
quiet so pop you can't hear she's got
present balloon
Amanda and Nick have just arrived with
the doggies where are they where is your
puppy oh yeah
I believe in unicorns
happy birthday
I made it I did it anyways joke name I
know so lucky okay I've been me with the
thunder and lightning
I know it's nearly time to cut the cake
we just had breakfast it was delicious
so this is the cake from crumbs and
doilies
but the wafers have floor okay so I
picked it up on Friday no yes Nikki in
reducing glass you having fun building a
little literally rusty pleasure lucky
girls I made for B sit in a chair
just chilling outside aren't you Sean
yeah look how cool is this we have lost
one bunch of balloons out the window
never mind
someone else can enjoy those somewhere
we lost a bunch of balloons out the
window
yeah I just arrived it was about for
that or attach that chair and they just
came under ship flew away into the sky
oh my god steady little dumpy what ha
wait
we're playing with I stick all the dogs
down this is so funny see look at him
now let's not add interested she licks
it is she's eating a bit look she lick
there
yeah let's not play with the icing oh
look at him does it matter
yeah it's the next day the boys are
playing football
yeah we are leaving now but it's like a
great time get in the car
why are we leaving no we don't know
outside about oh right yeah oh Jenny no
oh right that is thick you are not
playing with this everyone's gonna think
it's a real football horrible is it
trying to little kids blimey a real
football what are you on about you can
open the car and let me in now
no I'm gonna get in not you anyway we're
off now and we've had a great couple of
days it's been reelected a keeping the
ball really lovely are we not then we'll
leave it for the next people it comes
okay well that's all the best place to
leave it wanna hit the cedar but we put
it down
by the front door
by House Bible haha
wait where we going we're going to take
some pictures aren't we where's poppy
going
we're now at tulley's farm this goes a
little go going over there there's
another one there look at him look at
that goat Zoey let's get a pet goat no
no oh my goodness oh my god alfie is
feeding a go oh Jesus the whole gangs
come in I've put on a warmer coat
because it's quite decieving today it's
actually quite cold we've come to tell
you spawn which is the place we actually
come for the horror experience thing in
like October which actually is still set
up over there which is quite funny can
you see it it's all over there but we've
come here in the daytime which is cool
because we've never done this before but
look so I'll show you a little guinea
pig
huge yeah I know we've come to collect
the princess
girl did you mr. today
