get morning-after ibadah I'm in a very
good mood this morning partly because
it's so warm outside today secondly
because I felt like my skin is clearing
up which I'm really happy about thirdly
I had the best bath ever this morning
and had a bit of a lie-in I slept until
half past eight that for me is a lion
Jay's plans are to edit my vlog from
yesterday I really need to fill my main
channel video for tomorrow however I
feel like the only time I'm going to get
to film that will be tomorrow so I think
my Sunday is going to consist of filming
and editing and uploading and that's the
only thing I find when I start vlogging
more on this channel
snapchat ceases to exist that's like one
of my favorite things ever but I feel
like anything I want to document I
document on this and I forget to like
snapchat anything so sorry if you follow
me on snapchat and I haven't really done
a lot on there I need to try and like
keep the balance of all the social
medias I really haven't even been on
Twitter that much either but whilst I
was in the bar this morning I was like
scrolling through bah-bah-bah and it
also means that I get less time to film
main channel videos because I'm editing
these in any spare moment that I get and
because I just feel like I want to go
out and do more because it's fun for you
guys to watch and it's also really fun
for me as well I have so much fun when
I'm filming vlogs because I feel like I
make better decisions like oh no I
should probably stay in and do that now
I should probably stay in and do that
like I'm doing less of the mundane
things more of the fun things and in
turn that makes me a much happier person
but it doesn't mean things like main
Channel videos there's no time to film
them there is time it's just I'm using
it for lots of other things and also I
need to write book right now so I'm
going to try and do that I'm doing a
video all about Nala and things I've
learnt having a puppy and any tips I can
give anyone else which is something that
I've wanted to do for quite a while but
I felt like I wasn't at a point with
Nala yet where I could give anybody any
tips and I think it does take a while to
kind of I don't know get used to it so
yeah that's what I really want to do and
I also want to kind of go through lots
of old footage and find cute
of niala when she was younger which is
going to take a fair amount of time so I
don't know whether I'll be able to get
the video up tomorrow or Monday but
either way there's going to be an ala
video at some point it's funny I have
this thing now where I'm like I have to
upload my video on a Sunday but I don't
really somewhere along the way Sunday
has become my video day and I'm not sure
how that's happened I don't know that
you guys wouldn't care if I change the
day but it's like I can't change it it's
like when it gets to Sunday I haven't
finished my video or I've still got a
bit more to do or I don't want to rush
it I beat myself up about it like it
stresses me out all day I'm always like
to do with you and all we need to
because obviously the weekend is
normally when there are a lot of other
people that aren't working so like a lot
of Alfie's family aren't working and
there's lots of things going on or like
barbecues and picnics and family things
like all bossy Sammy and I can't I want
to go to those things because obviously
they're important and they're fun and
family time is important whether but
then it's also like the busiest time
because I'm like I'm going to get my
video finished um but then I shouldn't
really put the pressure on myself
because I know you guys wouldn't mind I
think as long as there is a video at
some point in a week during the week
then you'd be happy but it's just me
it's just me Co pressure on myself to
get it up on Sunday
whatever whatever anyway I gotta do my
makeup now
all done I just need to brush my teeth
and then put some lip stuff on because
right now I've got like scuzzy
foundation lips and then I think we're
going to head out to the shops because
although I have some of the ingredients
for the cake I want to make I don't have
everything and we could do with getting
some food for meals are you still
editing still entered yeah good good I'm
going to go make shopping list this is
funny bit more vocal what's this yeah
you know I felt like that yesterday
listen
because it drops again
hello Allah look at this dog look at her
you live in the life you live in that
pub life this is how much she loves my
dressing gowns ok feet why are you
shocked o M G
omg omg I have a package from lazy I
know how much I love lazy oh and they
have loads of new autumn winter stuff
coming out and I'm going to open this on
camera because let me just cover the
address
how nice is this of that to send me some
of their new stuff oh look cute they say
waste of time on them cute
hahaha little white ones of bears on so
cute so soft
hey it says in your dreams in like cloud
bubble writing let me just stand up and
it's like a jumper but it's like big
sleeves like a frill here is it bad I
kind of want to get really cold now like
it's like I'm literally just said it's
funny I'm so happy and I'm like but I
want to wear all this cute star okay so
there's that one oh okay so this is
kitchens and puppy dogs it says on that
in like a baby pink and then it has
white polka dots and it's a jumper dress
see there we go
long-sleeve jumper dress oh my god I
love this this is so cute so this is a
pink dress with this really lovely
collar and it goes like this and then on
the back it says introvert which I
really like it's like a sailor dress but
pink Navy a lover is it Navy or is it
black black actually last thing oh my
god fluffy cropped jumper with clouds on
it oh love love love love how lovely of
them to send me those Thanks so far so I
don't know if I already mentioned I
probably did but the cake that I want to
make is a bisque off cake bisque off is
this stuff it is delicious
okay
eight so I've got some crunchy spread
and some soft spread and I want to do
like a three-tier bisque of cake the
only thing is when I've got some
biscuits as well oh and I just haven't
really found any recipes is this zoomed
in yeah what so I haven't found any
recipes for a bisque of cake and I have
something very particular in mind I want
to do a three-tier bisque of cake with
bisque of buttercream however I did find
a recipe on James patisserie so I will
leave a link to that below and she has
done a bisque of cake in three layers
I might decorate mine differently but I
am gonna follow her recipe so thanks
Jane we're often a supermarket I've made
mature lists while I saved the
supermarket we're actually going to two
wild Saturday how excited you that I'm
dragging you around the shops one minute
now magic soap shopping yeah because we
never ever have any food for dinners and
evenings so I'm going to really try and
plan like four or five different meals
to eat in the evening unlike you Sean oh
you're not really here I'm already here
wait Trey's actually not as busy as I
thought it would be on a Saturday I have
to say maybe everyone's gone to M&S huh
oh we're about to go there as well yeah
you could always grab something in the
little cafe here if you're still hungry
yeah I could get a good old score you
don't look good olds gonna have to go
like down to get you in Oh cuz I'm so
tall yeah you just never gather Thank
You first shop Dan why it's funny so
impossible to perch you through their
own game never mind of the road I start
I wish get allergies appreciate when
it's like full till I can't push them
second sharp let's do this Dylan Anna
we're taking it slow we're rethinking
about star theory if you still here I'm
Alfie Watson porridge
see I love Ready Brek personally I'm a
Ready Brek kind of girl
ready break ow I'm a ready Bert gal
golden syrup orange I love when they're
in the sachets because they're so easy
yeah I've not I've not tried em M&S
porridge actually then they've got tons
more sugar though yeah I feel like you
should get plain sugar and add golden
syrup if that's what you want because we
do have it
yeah that's just paying for it
since it three-pound physical why don't
you just get this one super fiber
porridge no added sugar whole grain
source of fiber that 1 pound 64 500
grams 3 pound 50 220 yeah that's the bit
that's quite a difference actually well
I'm gonna get some honey and oat
breakfast biscuits
look at that perfect amount of bag not
doing time people oh hi just chatting
away trash yes it's really heavy though
not for me not for you oh that's me hey
I'm so henge rolls out so we can eat
them yeah guys you've got a couple more
call in the catch booze visionary were
grown adults that's so good
they are really good ah wouldn't it be
so nice if you could be like why I'll
Drive this back now well I would but I'm
snowed short on a neigh why would you
like me to try the back listen a it
would be quite wrong oh you take that
back oh c'mon shopper I'll leave it open
for you Oh Michael just carry it over
because seasons change so quickly I've
already been thinking about content I
can kind of do through like Halloween
and Christmas I already have a really
long list but I don't know what just
made me think of that either
I think maybe I'm starting to feel a bit
all to me and like I want it to be
Halloween already
look at me just assuming the bat I did
see you so if there's anything that you
guys want me to do this year for
Halloween or Christmas let me know
because I'm planning ahead Halloween
deep comment the caterpillar
do you can a headache I've already
filmed all my videos so 2019 my debut
origin my daily looks aren't they're all
in advance but in two years in advance
so as you're watching this we're
actually I'm already well kid you guys
just have never seen it oh my god can
you imagine can you actually imagine
obviously it's not true because people
meet you
and post photos but someone might have
like done that image don't leave the
house well they could be like three
years behind and uploading their daily
blog so you would never wrapping that
one you probably would still recognize
them but no but you would can gives them
yeah I watch every day that's not him
because I know yes poor little beard
right now and he doesn't have like
glasses like and he daddy doesn't have a
kid but you film in films three years of
YouTube without uploading anything then
you start your channel yeah imagine if
someone's done that I've done that
you have not you definitely haven't but
this video is so old this is my channel
my channel is up-to-date no for you
watching this it's not your day happened
yesterday yeah then it did don't know
son this is 2011
5 4 3 your kid what do you mean this is
Tito you know what someone can do
someone's going to take that one snippet
and they're going so my drama channel
betta Alfie
I've got a three year old kid and then
people just gonna the Alfie has a child
I drew on the card it wouldn't really
work doing that because like it would
life events and like world events
wouldn't make sense he's your buddy that
you just never mention eh film your day
or they imagine being like I am just
gonna my phone
sony ericsson yeah something would give
it I wouldn't be able to I think picked
up a magazine and have the date when I
look wide I forgot the iPhone one yeah
it's both that's funnier no thought that
let's go it's very hot
I want a Colin so you could possibly get
it out I know quick we've now
successfully put away the shopping so
it's time to make the cake right I'm
gonna get the ingredients up okay so the
first thing you need to do is preheat
the oven to 180 sent to centigrade
Celsius or 160 fan and line three 20
centimetre or 8 inch sandwich cake tins
with baking parchment and leave to the
side so I've already lined the cake tins
with baking parchment so they're ready
and I've already got the oven on 180 in
a stand mixer beat together the butter
and the light brown sugar for a few
minutes until light and fluffy okay so
we need 400 grams of unsalted butter
softened and 400 grams of light brown
sugar
in with butter that is a lot of butter
in with the light brown sugar now you
need to beat this until it's all light
and fluffy
now to add 400 grams of self-raising
flour I'm trying to do this with my left
hand this is never going to work
thanks absolutely this difficult trying
to film a baking video on your own
well 400 is a lot yeah it's a three-tier
cake okay
oh so add that do you not need to sit up
I think it's already been saved 400
grams roughly 7 large eggs holy crap
more luckily we've got 24 there
also need two teaspoons of baking powder
although I wrote baking soda on here
it's actually baking powder so ignore
that you ready sorry yeah I'm loving oh
yeah you're baking so you fill me right
now yeah okay so I got my two teaspoons
of baking powder and my four hundred
grams of eggs and mix oh god maybe on a
low speed
the recipe also says four tablespoons of
whole milk so I'm also going to do that
now as well it says at this point to
make sure you don't over whip it so you
literally just want to mix until all
your ingredients have combined and now I
think it's time to spoon the mixture
into the baking tin now it's time to pop
these in the oven for 25 to 30 minutes
or basically until it's golden brown and
a skewer comes out clean goodbye okay
the mixer and the bowl are now clean so
that when the cakes have cooled down we
can start on the icing just got the
cakes out the oven and now I'm going to
leave them to cool in their tins for 10
minutes before letting them then call
out of the tins for another 20 minutes
or so until they're cold basically okay
take the cold vlog is edited vlog is
currently uploading so it is time to ice
and decorate the cake this is what we've
got so far I think they look really good
actually
yes they're completely cool the reason
you want to make sure your cakes are
literally cold is so that when you make
the butter icing the butter doesn't melt
and the icing goes all gross and yucky
and if any of you watched the comic
relief British Bake Off that I was on
that is a mistake that I made my
cupcakes it all separated because I
didn't let them cool down but we didn't
have enough time to let them cool down
the time they say you have on Bake Off
is the time you actually get like when
they say you have an hour they mean an
hour
250 grams of unsalted butter so 250
grams of butter is going in the mixer
and I'm going to mix that for a good
like I don't know 5 mins you want to mix
until it goes much much lighter in color
I now need 500 grams of icing sugar
by the lot my friend slow speed
okay once you've got it like that and
it's mostly all mixed do you want to
speed up we now need to measure out 300
grams of this which is the fifth spot
which spits boss which I think you can
get in most supermarkets to be honest
it's the biscuit spread and I'm going to
use the smooth I do have crunchy as well
and I'm going to lay a crunchy with the
icing inside the actual cake so but
smooth is going into the icing it looks
like a massive dog poo we now need to
add this into this this looks all good
right now
fifth is in let's mix that together
oh my god this looks so good I need to
add the milk because right now it's
looking an odd texture how much milk
was it Oh 40 to 60 milliliters
guys I honestly think this might be the
most delicious buttercream frosting I
have ever eaten it tastes so good
Fiske off spread done now we need to
pipe let's put the next layer on
by the way the reason that I'm piping it
like this is so that it's kind of more
of an even layer over the whole thing um
so yeah that's why last one on oh my god
this kpop is huge right now the question
is what do i do on the top do I do like
hmm do I just go around the outside
Dada I have finished my bisque of cake
that took quite a while and that is
gonna feed a lot of people I've made
such a mess and I don't want to eat any
more bisque off I do want to put a
little bit of this cough icing on a
biscuit biscuit glass cup that's really
good
I've decided that I want to give the top
a very light sprinkling of icing sugar
but this is generally where I always
muck up and ruin it so I'm a little bit
nervous to do this okay that's quite a
gentle spring fling yay okay perfect
it's done I'm actually so pleased with
this guy's I know it doesn't look like
as professional as the professionals but
I don't think I've done a bad job and I
mean the icing tastes amazing I haven't
tasted the sponge but I don't even think
I'll get to taste it and let I go along
tomorrow to the event but um yeah I'm
gonna take this over to Amanda now how
am I going to do that how am I going to
get this cake to Amanda in one piece it
won't even fit in my cupcakes in my cake
stand hmm gonna have to think about that
huh should I get my friends tonight Game
of Thrones Nikki one little tooth should
I give my friend buzzy here's your favor
do you like the horses are they your
favorite yeah yes Nonna's like I want in
what you doing did you just have fun
with us she's so up Bret
hey Linda the teachers have fun with
buzz
did you watch telly together and bark at
horses together huh oh look I just
smudged all my lips now it looks like
Ivan's noggin but I haven't so a visa my
dad popped round for a bit and I'm under
collected the cake for tomorrow and I
did have a little bit of a dilemma
because I have a cake stand with a
glass-like dome lid that goes over but
because I've made the cake three tiers
and then I'd stuck biscuits in the top
it wouldn't fit and I was like I'm not
really too sure how this is going to
stay fresh for tomorrow um so I tried
fill another so I try to make like a tin
foil like dome that didn't work then I
try to use a foil like snake thing like
Pat it out snake ring around the outside
of the cake so that when I put the dome
lid on it kind of raised it that didn't
work so in the end we had to find a box
and put the cake in the box and then
just like cover it in foil and cling
film so hopefully it's going to be okay
for tomorrow the only thing is that
because it has biscuits on top you don't
want the biscuits to go soggy like I'm
pretty sure the buttercream will be fine
and the sponge will probably be okay I
mean that might go a bit stale but the
biscuits would definitely go stale so I
hope it's okay
I really wanted to eat some it was so
hard not eating any of that cake like so
hard anyway they've just left and Alfie
and his friend Holly and actually che
and I think Callum and Sarah they've all
gone to gbk for burgers I believe but
that was like hours ago so I don't know
where they are now
but I am so tired so I'm just like lying
here like falling asleep thing like when
are they getting back so I think I might
end this vlog here but
he's so much for watching I hope you
enjoyed my Saturday with me I didn't do
anything too extreme but I really like
days like this which are so like I don't
know like went food shopping and then
did some baking and I had a really nice
bath this morning although I didn't film
that but um yeah I just really like days
like this I had like a 45-minute chat
with my brother on the phone earlier so
that was good nice little catch-up
yeah it was really nice so I hope you
guys had a nice Saturday as well I hope
you're having a really lovely Sunday so
far I'm gonna go now get away
