good morning good morning good morning I
hope you have the best weekend you could
have ever had in the world today is a
beautiful sunny day as it has been for
like the last three days and I have been
royally making the most of it because I
have realized that since Christmas the
weather and the seasons have just been
crap and yes I had a birthday and it's
been Easter and there's been other
glorious wonderful days but the weather
is just so depressing
when there's not Christmas to look
forward to basically so every part of my
days is actually felt like spring
because up until this point it's
honestly still being like autumn as I've
said in previous vlogs so because the
sun's out we are all making at the
absolute most of it and we've been out
in the Sun I did a picnic which I am
going to do a blog post and a main
Channel video about you may have seen a
few snippets of that on my Instagram and
Twitter it was probably one of my
favorite days so far this year it was so
nice it was so chilled we basically made
this huge picnic with like a teepee of
fairy lights and candles and loads of
amazing food and I had lots of friends
there and it was just a really nice
evening so stay tuned for that on my
main channel possibly next week I need
to edit it but we are going to go to
stand there today as you guys know we
like to go to Stanwyck quite a lot we
weren't there with Tanya and Jim last
week so this week we are going with
poppy and Shaun and Buzz and Nala just
waiting for Alfie as usual and we're
just gonna have some nibbles and go for
lunch and just chill out really I kind
of want to show you my outfit but I
don't know if you can really see so I
have this hat on which is from ASOS I
have this necklace on which is also from
a sauce which I tied onto my neck and
can't get off so that is why I've been
wearing it for like the past five days
Alfie said that he thinks if he uses a
fork he can like unhook it from the back
but as it stands I'm stuck in this
necklace for now so I'm
make the most of it before I feel like I
need to cut it off I'm also wearing this
top which is from boohoo and I've got a
little strapless bra on and then this
skirt is also from ASOS so I will leave
a little link in the description box for
all of these things in case any of you
want to go over and have a little
splurge II and then I also have these on
let me just show them to you like this I
also have these sandals on these are
also from ASOS although I feel like I
got them at the start of the year or
like a couple of months ago so I don't
know if you can still get them but if
you can I'll leave them in the
description box I'm just trying to think
of this anything else I'm wearing I've
got my Clarins nude beige lip liner on
my nail polish is all chipped actually I
might take this off and take some nail
polish with me to stammer and paint my
nails on the field this was an OPI one I
think it was called I can't remember it
is one of their new spring shades but I
can't remember which one sorry there
sorry about that
eyes is Too Faced palette as always I've
got my fav to face blush on and that is
a bomb are you ready
Alfie deyes are you ready for some fun
in the frickin Sun I said are you ready
for some Sun in the frickin no some fun
is a freaking Sun this is my problem
this is why my vlogs are too long
because I just carry on filming when
normal people would turn the camera off
I just talk and talk and talk
does this put pressure on you you feel
the pressure
No
Oh what that was pleasing did you get a
big bet hmm let's pick a nail color
together I've got these ones there's
lots of OPI oh this is the one I've got
on no don't know where the one I've got
honors we've got lots of OPI and bury em
or I've got all these ones where are my
coconut water ones by nails ink
I like them I need to take off the rest
of this one though sort em as well hello
can you smell it found them so I don't
know whether to go for this pink which I
am I think
leaning towards or this blue which I
have worn before and I really really
liked it
look at me doing my nails making an
effort I'm going to go to the pink I
think maybe the blue I think I just like
having blue on my nails I mean it's not
too different to this one yeah I'm gonna
go blue it's a lot isn't it where's Nala
earlier they well we'll be going soon
puppy which we try and put me in genomic
ism
keys and Oh Alice got the keys are we
just going back inside I wanted to put
the aircon on quite hot isn't it
I'm really excited to go and chill
although I thought maybe my pop was a
bad idea
I can't Sun Tan me arms much stuff to
strip off in the field we're here and as
alpha just pointed out there are zero
wind but gnarley' who as normal is
walking me which is not the way it
should be out we've got all the bags now
we're just looking for poppy and Sean oh
wait is that that
oh is that Sean over there yeah yeah I
see them straight ahead we found them
there's so many families playing like
cricket and doing barbecues we should
have done a barbecue guys okay breath oh
ho ho this is for real Italy spluttering
angle ever after
listen to a little bit of two Door
Cinema Club catching some rays buzz hey
the doggies were getting too hot as
their black pug high and the puppies are
getting too hot because they're black
and their pugs they can't be outside and
it's too hot because they basically just
can't take it and they were having so
much fun to be honest I don't think they
were in Italy but we were being cautious
and I don't learn to overheat and
neither does papi so there's the boy is
to mess around with their stupid drone
while we take the dogs back and pick up
some lunch
you okay now if you chilled out she's so
tired I really think they're just gonna
sleep we just drink I feel like we might
have over ordered a picnic we're back
with the boys oh are you doing over
there I'll just upload in upload a
minute upload what good that's great
babe it's al feet uploading and look at
this
what's the feast Nando's picnic I am
kind of jealous of all the people that
have barbecues but we've just skipped
the barbecue and gone Nando's and it
looks good it's like we have the joys of
n and O's but with the lovely smells of
everyone else's barbecues are improving
yeah exactly exactly
oh it's just so nice like today is like
the perfect day it's really good what
are you actually doing okay so I have
taken off my top but guys this is the
same as if I was wearing a strapless
bikini okay free so don't freak out
no one needs to write an article about
it okay I'm just wearing a strapless bra
which could pretty much be a bikini you
would never have known you even in that
oh yeah oh hey fancy seeing you here
they'll be pads the idea to play ring
toss now we okay so he's going fast aim
of the game through a ring get it on
there get a high score is that right
and
oh hello we are making our way back to
the car I've had the nicest day like
every hour I just kept saying this is
the best day this is just the nicest day
so sue me I know it would just be the
best and we were saying how everyone is
in such a good mood when the sun's out
wow I kid you not anywhere there's a
bull I'll get hit by air I'm not joking
I'll get hit by that football kind of
have a phobia of balls I think I've said
that in a video before
yeah I know now you're saying how
everyone's always in such a great mood
when the sun's out and I kind of wish
that people were always this happy there
you go I know like some people even said
to us oh you know help yourself to our
barbecue if you want anything I was like
how nice is that we however didn't offer
an and a so anyone wishes home selfish
mind looking nice and close yeah it was
the only thing I could do but you know
that's the whole point of this what's
going carrying Lister no no we had a
good day
had a great day such a good day yeah be
friends but we've come into a wood and
because we've come to find some
bluebells
and we've just spotted like the
creepiest there's a tree with like
crosses on it like crucifixes alright
she did make me jumpy like haha
we're currently having a photo shoot in
the woods whose turn is it now Sean's
we've taken the cutest pics it's like an
engagement photos over here though it's
so pretty look we still haven't funny
bluebells either and that was the whole
point I think they're just further up
there
how are you shots looking boy looking
good oh my coming is going out the way
everyone let's find a Bluebell SHhhh
I see bluebells sooo trees of green red
roses too oh ha ha
Oh someone's made a wooden teepee that's
cute and also creepy like this thing
that rhymes I wouldn't walk through this
on my own
we found the bloom we found some
bluebells so I've taken some little
cheeky and stirs I love bluebells are so
pretty you know there's like really old
aged bear trapped like the scary crazy
ones that snap around your ankles I
always get really paranoid didn't like
someone left one in woods and I will
stand on it
I mean the reality is that's not going
to happen but you never know I think
it's because when you walk along you
like crunch down on sticks and I just
get scared it's gonna crouch Rome where
we've had dinner with LC fans Amanda ten
lips say papi taste your share another
all going home order and it's time for
bed oh I'm really where we fixed it
though good don't need a plumber I'm a
woman of many talents yeah yeah yeah we
did it we can do her again in hot water
what are you doing Rowan oh sure like
hey what are you doing why's everyone
gone so high felicitous game this is not
nice I'm getting out of here I'm not
doing this which game is everyone
leaving is going on
doesn't run away I think that years ago
I'm Shawn today thank God all right the
board's back Ron yes ma'am Shawn fix it
off I'm just setting my flower
what's wrong with you well I'm not in
your blog so I didn't see it get away
fine thank God
Nalla we need to get away from this
family I just don't I
aah
well that was a crazy fight they're all
still shoved Nick let's just sit here
and be calm I'm gonna end the vlog on
that note I hope you have had a glorious
sunny weekend I will see you again very
very soon right
