good morning everybody I am going to be
vlogging today Alfie just reminded me he
was like you should be vlogging this
weekend and I was like oh my god I
should hear he's not feeling very well
today are you know it's not too great
but I've made you porridge and I've made
you take tablet lots of warm food I want
to get some water and lemon as well jomi
to make your water lemon eye lemons and
moldy shall I make you a lemon and honey
tea that would be really good for you do
you think yeah lemon and honey tea I
need to decide god I need to live a
shower I need to look freshen up I just
don't feel good you know when you like
about me I let you twenty two days ago
same way nobody couldn't find that I
felt like this though I felt like I was
going to be ill but then instead I got a
cold sore and that always happens with
me it's like I feel all the symptoms
like I'm gonna get ill my throat feels
scratchy I'm a bit snotty and then it
goes and I get a cold sore instead two
days ago you know when you feel weak and
cold it you like you're about to get ill
that's how I feel right now in our mill
do you not wish that you would get a
cold sore instead like me like why
getting they look ugly issues as well
I've got everything right now it's so
weird it's almost like my body decides
if it wants to get fully blown ill or
get a cold sore instead that's always
what happens and I got a cold sore I
have I have I have before had like three
cold sores all on my bottom lip and
they're never on my top leg always
awesome yeah all along my bottom on my
bottom lip but yeah album never gets
cold sores he just gets ill instead it's
probably not how it works but that's
always what I tell myself it's almost
like it is almost like I'm about to get
ill and then boom there's a cold sore
instead and then I don't actually get
ill Tania and Jim are coming this
weekend we have had this scheduled for a
while because we're always so busy and
we went to stay with them was it last
month I feel like it was last month and
that was so lovely and so they're coming
here now because it's like we try and
take it in turns
um so Nala is gonna be playing with
Martha Knoll are you excited to see
Martha
so we've had to kind of Martha proof
because Martha has a snout and I forget
that dogs with a snout can do so much
more than Nala with no snout
so all these toys will be out of this
basket and they will be all over the
floor she will try as hard as she can to
get the guinea pigs out of the pen even
though she won't be able to but it's
quite scary how much I think if she
could get into their cage we would never
see the guinea pigs again would we know
her we've put this up for them to sleep
in if they need to and I have done what
I did when Mark came to stay which is
put out lots of fresh towels and I've
basically made it Hotel esque which I'm
sure they will really appreciate let me
show you so we've got clean sheets clean
towels I've put Tanja in gym and we've
got bottle of water I put two galaxies
out because I just thought you know it's
nice to have choice also put some more
of these out and I also added some deep
sleep pillow spray because I don't know
I just figured that's a nice nice little
thing in case they can't sleep I don't
know what we're going to do today but
it's a really lovely day I'm even
wearing a dress today guys it's like a
maxi MIDI type thing so I think what
we're going to do is go to the Brighton
Food Festival which happens down at home
lawns there's normally some really great
food down there they do the best churros
I've ever had in my entire life so
hopefully that is on and we can go and
do that but I will keep you updated as
always let Kayla win
in the pot that gets on your now feet
Jim is here as well very hit do one less
Jeremy's lost ten how are you - I'm
really good thank you
are you hungry that is the question yes
very hungry I call are you hungry
I'm getting the game angry I was hungry
what do you think you say you work out
why we're hungry in the next we eat i
we're hungry we're hungry
okay so we're going to the food festival
now to get some monkey works for me too
I hope we can get parking though that's
the only thing my breathing pretty much
is for parking Ainge over here yeah with
top shelf top share with the top share
Jimmy Brogan so Yakko bar or another
that's so cool
living like an old school like tin
camper okay so what do you fancy utility
which is nice look we need to do a recce
I know we need to like walk around and
then decide because there's too much to
choose from how to spell the word
correctly if you have a written no I
imagine this Japanese Vietnam
oh yeah look how keep that head to your
face oh my god vintage Steve I need to
oh my god look at the cut so do everyone
would you go for the path of that look
at those hands
I'm going to carry on walking into these
babies look how cute oh my god it smells
like summer smell the burritos oh my god
Pizza Pizza Pizza yes I know would just
wouldn't eat yeah
oh my god there's too much this tumor to
boomer well I'm so overwhelmed really
fell in a bit I want to get the marsh do
you know what flavors you want to return
home you're gonna get a leg we're going
to level two switches five each and one
make decision together absolute perfect
sounds good that's the fairway boys is
there anything you think you'll really
like we've got our marshmallows I think
we made some great choices yeah I think
we're eccentric well time did become
didn't tell me off because I made a
decision for time it was so you and Zoey
let me make my own decisions I think so
they just take so good have wonderful
yeah they're really good so we're so
happy that of course but I just like to
say that she went for a small just so
that she could fit in other things
because she was like I can't just how
people look so big like it smell it
minute is so good mm-hmm
Todd and Alfie have gone for ages only
19 22 22 I was just saying um because I
rather lick my thumb a new car we said
guys everyone knows you're going to do
it now anyway he has really bad ulcers
and I said I used to get them every time
I was stressed or anxious uh yeah why
don't not just grown out of it in the
last year yeah maybe that way I am 26
wait for you 26 you are also
the piece that was very good it was
quite garlicky but it was really good
oh wow I don't have a pan
would you mind that's fine Oh No
oh my god fresh strobes and cream Tong
right and I moved on Jin in the world
then I was in the world that's what I
want the cherry already got the gym
we've got bottlee your call of action
you too cheese
Go Go Go cheese we're going to go
calamari guys get them Curos as well
okay we'll meet your churros so good
we're going through
yeah we're getting to
I am so happy with did you have fun yo
glad and now we're back and is raining I
know it's raining so much what was your
favorite thing to eat
I wanted that chicken I told you you
should have killed my chicken I took a
picture there Twitter those that I can
see if they're anywhere else me what was
your face favorite right I was perfect
my favorite was my sausage ah I could
eat again so good Oh any means I bought
eleven of these for me to eat come in
Jim no need to get into them on time I'm
not ready to kick your face again like
why I have sausage calamari churro
so making a surprise
um I feel yeah awesome
this one here's Thomas hey I mean a
month you try to have more affection is
it a question right we are gonna go make
a little foot bath because we're so cold
you know it's like rainy and cold
outside you just want to make a little
bath so that's what we're gonna do let
me show you your room yeah I can you
puppy Nala watch it give me up let you
go home Oliver Oh Tanya run today
and then you've got you you've got your
little display Tom's picked this do you
want to do the honor
Oh y'all feelin Oh
let's go away now remaining Oh possibly
Williams you want up there there's
enzymes I am avenged and we get OH
maybe not let's play some more coffin
recording get used to it yes we bury
something it falls we're now trying some
of the marshmallows I'm going to try a
coconut oh my god the Midlands are so
good do you like coconut not really look
at mother shows what you doing no to go
it's funny it's like Martha's the secret
naughty one
but none of the obvious but not as like
obviously naughty but not as stupid
she's more like sneaky massive recently
you're like just a bit stupid a bit ugly
all right no I have me we're going to go
to wait toys and go shopping Martha jump
on this table yeah yeah look at Jim
snapchatting you didn't like the
marshmallows and Jim peanut butter
marshmallow you see my snapchat sorry
no it's points blog go a bit what's your
snapchat Jim Jim Chapman what's your
pain just turn your back
mine's official zoella I feel like I
just need to have just oh Allah
yeah you should be upset that I think I
can yeah people fool you some people see
you yes Louella Spencer yes dummy
um no although it is funny when people
like in the industry call me so well I
do you know what I mean like if I want
to shoot and let the photographers like
also other if you could just move that
way I'm like oh wow so it does also
other sucks is my favorite well we're
out today and all this sounds like you
got God on this blog do you know you let
me sound like a name I just yeah
everything ever anyway my point man I
saw the reviews because I think a lot of
people actually think my full name is
zoella
oh well that's fine I do that all the
time I think a lot of people feel like
my full name is zoella
yeah but it's not it's actually not know
I feel like it could be a name I don't
know anyone
I won't have any kids down that's also a
nice talk to you I wonder in four
there's a Bollywood actress called
zoella I beg you in five years this
mister no matter I don't know if you've
got a baby called Sawalha let me know
yes I'm gonna thank you baby for summer
oh yeah with tan is a gesture is -
because - so a long piece of potato just
um about my belly buttons last your
summer fun oh good luck getting out okay
your belly button fluff yeah I don't
have anybody perfectly down
tuning oh I never get any because mine
doesn't really stick in that much much
so covers - I'll be fine
Alti oh just the TV you Louise bucket
the TV on me it's now time for us to go
food shopping I'm very excited I love my
cap a little like cold sore on my lip I
didn't even notice that
did you know until now you put our
friend why don't know you said earlier
don't know I had lipstick on and I had
to concealer on the boys are in the
Aston Martin which Jim is borrowing for
the weekend which yeah very swish so
crazy like we however I've never been
the cars it's my vlog I've never been
the car that has the grief of other than
your first mini Oh
today I was just like oh my god do you
like it yeah I love how I was being cold
you have to be cold but I would love to
have a convertible car one day I love
having a some convent
I love it I love having a convertible
right way yeah so me and Tanner going in
the mini we're all going on a trip to
Waitrose in different colors
yeah as you do that's can you hear them
racing our gym is just going to show off
so much time thank you well I thought
that this is something you always you
know I always really for you today when
we came to your Garret
I'm actually in London I don't like that
oh yeah we always likes about Gateway
yeah we always have a little way trade
shine not sponsored by waitress what are
you doing guys I am so sad what why
don't you make Tanja and Jim and Alfie
the cocktails were knocked out I make a
mark with round so there's no mint and
there's no line so I can only assume
that everyone is making the hitos today
literally what is going on I try to make
him heater the other night I'm scared of
you of what you're throwing them up made
look at him showing off can you juggle
my god
oh here you go guys you got we hot pot
with a bit of LC got me on there and
shout team Internet or apparently my
bedroom makeover tips all at Tanya on
here to gossip with YouTube star Tanya
burr we are going to you know say funny
you will get get with the car jaqen well
my little princesses are you we put a
little pee pad in there because Martha
move gets a little bit P happy in my car
alright we'll let your in a second we
have been cooking up a storm
well heating up a storm in the kitchen
so we've got this this is actually a
prank that my mum bought me and Alfie
for Christmas and this is the first time
we've got to use it but look how good it
looks
we've got them fresh and fresh out the
oven buns hummer carrot cucumber
camembert Mortimer we've got some
brighter tomorrow we have got mozzarella
spinach and Bao stomach another
camembert that is very hot some tomato
red pepper salsa and some more bread and
our peas Mason crisper do you want I
think quinoa no good I don't know this
cuz all quinoa one or the other
good one this one and there's also some
red peppers and hammer and alfie is also
made some salmon so we've got a nice
mixture of stuff and I am so hungry so
I'm very excited to eat mine it's course
part 9 yeah we have that kind of a mug
and we've been out in a restaurant
that's the sole time you'd eat if you
went out in a restaurant Borman
sous-vide
I'm really excited to eat this Oh what
are you going to tuck into thirds down
there and the burrata Emily yeah these
were Tom Skerritt these were mine she
likes a defeat you know maybe a minute
ago and she said no you said Oh burning
Tom's car isn't prettier yeah she have
anyone like my character put this thing
on this witch's fingers yeah buddy
and the food is almost gone so in doing
that so I'm gonna eat the wagon again I
didn't know that skin what is that right
Ryan you can eat yeah I just couldn't
like the cheese again cheese skin the
boys looked like defeated yeah
hey so much cheese kid let cheese skin
I'll eat that keep it in the car get
inside Luigi's Ginter there's extra
Betty oh yeah that went down very well I
am so full but like nice full I don't
feel like uncomfortable film is a good
variety yeah yeah yeah and the boys have
put Jurassic world on is that what it is
and how he's really getting into it I
like it obviously okay I have I'm gonna
ruin Italy they will die in the end
my other big dinosaur in it really know
what happens
Oh spoilers Yeah right boys time to
clear away before the dogs are allowed
back in
I put these in wait yes I did
that's all we were speaking about you
want to try the caramel or the relation
both actually oh my god
just Allah hmm
class in love and I just was just brush
chair
I like I like this rule if you see these
in the supermarket try them they're so
good a while back
yeah buy them first Oh what you doing
doggies no these are for me No look at
Nala she's like my little furry little
baby she must be so comfy
oh look if he was wrapped up she would
literally look like that just came off
the monitor
