and morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 19
got the Christmas pudding onesie on this
morning had a really good sleep alfie is
just editing his vlog in bed
I'm just watching him I don't normally
watch Alfie edit I can't say like it's
the most engaging thing to do in the
morning but I've already edited mine and
I do find it quite interesting watching
how other people edit and like what they
leave in and like Alfie has this
technique where he almost remembers
everything he said so he knows the exact
bits to cut out without watching it he's
not doing that it's very bizarre
whereas I'm very thorough and I have to
watch through everything a million times
just to make sure but yeah that's what's
happening this morning I've already made
myself some toast we'll probably make
myself some more toast and the vlog is
currently uploading
so I was gonna wear oh by the way the
other day I woke up and I thought I
haven't had a cold sore during December
then I went to the mirror I noticed I
was getting one so I think i jinxed
myself there but I was going to wear
this jumper but I feel like it's a bit
much for a walk into the village so
might save it for later when I go and
see all the fam but it's this one and I
love it it's from ASOS and it's just
like this black cable net but it has
like bits of tinsel stuck to it and I
put it on this morning and I felt like I
was in a school play you know when you
like well like a plain black top and
then like your mum so is tinsel to it
yeah what I would like to say I don't
know but actually would know because
when I was younger like dresses that I
made my mom so pom-poms do that I just
feel like this is a bit much for the
village walk but I've never heard you
say so knows too much
wow I did put it on and I looked in the
mirror but I just I did feel a little
bit like this is too much especially
with my scarf and my hat and my coat
imagine little bits of tinsel coming out
the end but I do really love it so I am
going to wear it fear not question what
on earth are these for I feel like this
might be like real hair of something but
what are they gorgeous what do you think
these are brushing wah I'm pretty sure
that's not what it's for but I was
looking at this this morning thinking
what is that peculiar collection of
pretty beads with hair on the end and
what's it for
- no I've never seen those before let me
know in the comments if you know
there'll be someone out there who all
know exactly what that is
who's a who's a bead brush expert but
yeah I was like what is that I'm just
waiting for Alfie he's trying to pick us
up now daily vlogger struggles
thumbnails and titles am i right Alfie
yeah it's not a bad struggle to have
burst I think it's a daily vlogger
struggle from what I know obviously I'm
not an expert in the daily vlogging
field
I only daily vlog in December and I
actually don't really have too much of
an issue because I take different bits
of the day but when you're trying to
pick one I wouldn't be able to do that
no way jumping in the car we don't have
to go very far but we're heading in to
Lake pop which is where I grew up and
we're gonna have a little walk around I
was gonna do some droning and yeah just
gonna get a bit of fresh air because
it's a really cute village children not
going to do drowning if we didn't
remember I'm really excited to see
Leacock I get very like nasus told you
about it like I get that proper
nostalgic feeling and when I drove to
Whitehall yes so poppy insured and I was
just kind of like driving around like
driving around here around this area I
know it's so well because I grew up
around this area so it all just comes
really naturally to me and the minute I
come back it's like a little piece of my
heart is like gone home and everything
just feels so natural and normal and
like nostalgic it's the only way I can
explain it because Alfie always forgets
when we're driving around Brighton I
didn't grow up there so he's always like
oh that's the park why did this and this
and and I don't ever get to do that
because I didn't grow up in Brighton and
he's always like oh my god I just forget
that you this isn't like your stomping
ground
yeah my stomping ground is like a tiny
village in the middle of nowhere so it
is really really nice to me to come back
and I do feel like most people have
those places where the minute you go
back it's like a huge part of you feels
like you're at home and it's nice
because I think I'll always feel like
that no matter where I'm living what I'm
doing how old I am got it whenever I
come back here I will always be like so
yeah I love it I really love them and
it's also really really nice to get to
like bring Alfie here every year I know
I come here all the time but it's so
nice to bring you here because like I
was just saying in the vlog every time
you're like oh I went to the hark and
that's where me and my friends used to
go to the shop and like this burger at
the cemetery
yeah and I'm always like oh that's cool
but I can't ever really do that with our
fee apart from like twice a year when we
come back so it's nice and we're gonna
go now and we've got the drone so see ya
gorgeous I feel like my heart's gonna
burst with happiness that's good like it
actually hurts I was sat in the playing
field this is just I don't know I love
it I love being here I just saw my local
postman that I had for years and years
called Malcolm as well I nearly cried I
was like Alfie it's Malcolm you can see
that in his vlog anyway sat in a playing
field on the bench
Alfie's Clara's drone the sun's out and
I'm gonna burst of happiness because I
love being and we're gonna go to the
little bakery and we're gonna go to
bakery cos alpha 3 hungry still in the
park and Alfie is just setting up his
drone all going well then he remembers
that he hasn't actually put an SD card
in it so that's kids that's great
exactly what you want your flight oh
that's real good so we're gonna do that
tomorrow morning and I think now we're
just gonna go for a little wonder a
little walk little wonder you know you
just got to take it all apart put it all
away again done already John Downey
Street we go is it there's a bakery at
the bottom do they do
great sausage of being Mel no it's not
Greg it's Leacock bakery and it's tiny
all right he's already gone in let's see
what he's by end this is where I used to
get my penny sweets lardy sounds good
hi Sant look at him Oh what all gonna
get rid of her sausage roll in hand
we're heading back to the car
Alfie's not eating yes and he's got this
lake up lardy what am i a cutlery you
want half quarter what you want it's
because of the name and then also a
series words came up her mouth she
sounded exactly like the Hot Fuzz kind
of like Village People you wanna be
lordy it's dough with vegetable fat and
raisins and sugar all right yeah I can't
believe she didn't really make it sound
very like appetizing and you were like
yeah but though I think he said yes
because she felt like you had to that is
popular well I've never had any I've
lived in Leacock most of my life so my
mum used to work in that bakery I was
saying and she had to wear a frilly hat
and a freely apron and I'm pretty sure
although I don't think that lady was
wearing it I'm pretty sure that they
have the same uniform now like the same
outfits although I think she was just
very cold so she was she was wrapped up
because the doors open all day
doh with raisins and vegetable fat and
sugar I bet you love it
like I actually bet you love it
ah yeah by mean
it's literally wrong what do you mean I
just covered in sugar yes Bob yeah
it's silly
I'll give it to your mum she worries
either gonna cut your camera yes so
myself and Joe Oh God I'm just like
walking into the road myself and Joe
want to get my dad a new TV for
Christmas because he's had his for a
very long time and it's basically doing
upgrade and we thought it would be nice
to treat him to a new television
so me and Alfie come to Korea to see if
we can find something I think we're
gonna go for this one a samsung I don't
really know much about TVs I'm not gonna
lie it looks like Ultra HD it's got
everything it's smart smart TV I don't
think the one he has right now is a
smart TV so well the one we liked is out
of stock so we're checking a different
one and Joe's on his way over to help
because I just don't know if he's sighs
he's gonna want I mean they're all nice
they all have picture on them and they
all like look good show TV I'm so bad at
stuff like this
Wow Jerry's on his way here he is Joe
sugg coming to the TV rescue what do you
think about yeah I've been in it for two
minutes already every sordid saw it boom
got it
what'd you think of my coat I like it
windbreaker does it keep the wind off
you
it has I've been no when did got some in
yet it's good every time he does ba
start making a racket all right there
you go mate Lake oh lordy I have a lake
over Lake lot lardo right we've come to
this little retail park which never
existed when I lived here and it
actually looks rather marvelous it's got
next a TK Maxx and an M&S with my most
favorite stores we're running a little
bit late to go to an animal but we need
to grab a few bits to take to my dad's
tonight because my aunties and uncles
are all going to be there Alfie also
hasn't eaten them for a very long time
and as we all know if you don't feed in
Alfie deyes within a certain amount of
time he turns into a gremlin so a lot so
we do need to step off and get food but
we're running around it's just what
people talk about when they say like the
Christmas mad dash you know when you're
going like between houses to see all the
different family members I'm so unfair
quick basket let's go go go
mission M&Ms this way bloom an egg that
really was a mad dash around M&S like I
almost been a little bit on edge orange
hot chocolate though all this lid looks
a bit
could you just push that on
thank you so I got chewing them oh my
god that's just what I needed
we need to get going is what we need we
all hate me I'm sorry Nana and granddad
a mum no your wife when we get there
okay be good
we've arrived at Nana granddad mums just
going through some of my PA box stuff
with me and look at there this is a do
you think it's done with what's it
called
look yeah charcoal it's all past yeah
it's pastels or charcoal and it's a
drawing of Nala is that not the most
amazing thing you've ever seen it looks
soft doesn't it yeah it's so lovely like
that is Nala that's not just like a
black pump that is Nala and it's by I
think that says Robin eater to turn the
back anything my mom can't find a letter
but we will find the letter but like how
lovely is that watching we'll know as
well and then these lovely quotes
kindness is free sprinkle that stuff
around like confetti amen and then this
one wake up early go outside collect
moments not things put your phone down
listen to people laugh out loud eat good
food work hard but play harder read
everyday be grateful and show up she
liked that oh yeah yeah
red hair suits you Alfie the Sheep you
I've got one on the survey pictures
that's amazing thank you so much ma'am
oh my god Oh amazing mom that's perfect
honestly you know the the middle bear
the velvet middle bit because we can't
put drinks on it so now we can corner
mum she's opening her prezzies yeah I
sorry no I got this afterwards they they
have they had a pig one mum's always
loved pigs but no one's actually bought
you anything pig related in a really
long time except ones now I put the one
on top yeah that one I thought there's
always an order like like you're always
like just like from whichever one and
I'm like yeah but what if I open the big
one first I'm not that person
Hey what are you guys do you eat your
favorite first or do you save your
favorite to us you can't enjoy it best
one yeah it's like the crackling do you
eat your mom yeah do you know
save your favorite or do you eat your
favorite first one anything baby so it's
just I'm in the minority then really
neon Christmas candle do you know what
it is hey Montana
it's a Ferb oh yeah you can watch him
you can watch actor you can shout to him
we get off yeah
it's a key so you put your keys on that
I thought it would be nice with your new
handbag giving out presents and now he's
now in charge of making the TV but we
haven't got
I didn't film the final much creation
but we saw what it looked like over on
the hop there we go Joey you quite happy
over there yeah
for 40 years
we're heading home now I love this
sausage in the match the match as always
was great yeah you should just those
your match and also look how great the
trailer and we put lights up around the
kitchen kitchen well you can take them
with you sorry you can take them down in
a week now take you another way to sit
down no honestly that takes really we
ought to move dancer birthdays like oh
god right let's go back at the Airbnb
now and it is time to go to bed Alfie's
just broken my freaking nail and I hate
for one of those girls it's like you
broke my nail but he broke my nail to be
fair I don't really mind it's broken
like filing get it fixed but what's
really frustrating is there's a really
sharp bit on it and I don't have a nail
file and I won't have one until we get
back tomorrow so just got one really
pointy sharp bit on my mail it's fine
it's not the end
just a nail had a really really nice day
today very nostalgic really nice to see
all my family and just have like a
really chilled like festive evening it
was so much fun
no I think I'm just gonna watch some
YouTube videos and go to sleep so I
really hope you guys have enjoyed this
video make sure to give it a thumbs up
if you have and I will see a thumbs up
and I will see you again tomorrow
