good morning everybody tis Monday and me
and Alfie have come into town we've got
a meeting but we're also playing Pokemon
go Alfie has been going on lots of
excursions without me so it invited on
all of them the II didn't wanna join me
I just tried to catch a magnet on and it
got away and disappeared to a puff of
smoke and I tried to get what was the
other one that I just really got hit
mine no one running the town a much ham
radio and it just keeps freezing I'm so
not happy with it I'm so annoyed both
lost out well that was a good fini see
ya every time we try and catch a really
sick Pokemon it doesn't freeze it which
is not great oh well anyway we've got a
meeting now so how many hours for four
hours for our meeting okay great
and I haven't had breakfast yet I'm
hungry
meeting is finally over that was a long
old meeting but now me and Alfie are
going to go on the hunt for some Pokemon
I'm like really getting into this this
is ridiculous I need to go back and
finish editing my video as well for
today which you will have already seen
hopefully so I will leave a link to that
in the description box but Shawn is also
coming into town to meet us to catch
some Pokemon too so it should be a very
fun afternoon although I can't pay up
big at all I can't stay up too long so
ya know I need to edit no no I did it
Pokemon all day but you're more excited
for me on you know I'm not more excited
than you you went out at 2 a.m. last
night - Pokemon that is you just said
I'm not going home until I get to level
9 no I didn't yes you did you bet it
won't take me that long to get it what
are you I'm all your only server service
until you so long look what level I am 9
9 I want at least be Alfie
how many of you are currently playing
Pokemon go a lot of you gave us it no I
can't get it you've got like a weird
dodgy diet let's do that hmm I don't
want anymore Zubat really down I just
want to get some cool ones every cool
one I've tried to get my phone's frozen
or something happened to it that haven't
worked what's the coolest one you've got
Oh
execute I don't remember that being a
Pokemon you've got a lot of drowsies
that you need to mix together a guy Lama
cubone
I've got a key bone as well I like this
guy I like oddish oddish
I do like oddish he's cute here's my big
boy fear oh come on then let's go and
get some more shall we let's go fight
some battles I don't know I don't fight
any battles cuz none of mine is good
enough yet yeah look around Brighton
there's lots by the speech but then
there's also lots and look in the park
right now that is a lot going on I think
we need to go to the park that's where
they're all at look at that our Pokemon
adventure has taken us into the park but
Alfie's isn't working is it what is it
working yet what's going on sure is
there's a special place out beta yeah
there's so many people playing it in
here
right all right that's a little and mole
only there's much not work
we've been setting apart for a while now
we've made friends it's all happening
but yeah how cool we need to actually go
now and eat some food but I'm sure we'll
catch some Pokemon on the way
here can't get up oh yeah yeah yeah ma
no not Preston yes women miss get outta
here it's actually turned into such a
lovely day I didn't even bring any
sunglasses so the guy that just came in
spoke to her yeah was he had a Pokemon
that was like 800 what was the man that
man popped open one 800 support 300 it
was the same hip though he put mindish
you're good yeah my that's mine too but
mine's hot Oh Holly whack poliwag Shan
go poliwag I can't throw them with my
left half going on Pokemon Adventures is
very tiring so now we're stopping for
some fuel we've gone for a walker again
we're basically just going to end up
living here from now on I think I've got
my favorite merge in Mohito I have to
say guys that what hacker if you are
like me and you like you're a fan of
surgeon mijitos what I could do one of
my favorite virgin hitos ever like ever
I really actually I think so what
happened our Manito is what got me into
virgin mijitos
so that we go cool story bro okay all
good
but many James yeah maybe we don't need
to get drunk it's because a lot of
people think what's the point of having
a cocktail without the alcohol it is
true yeah yeah what's that one you've
got some passion fruit and hibiscus
can I Drive miss Stoeger
Plato's own mouth
favorite that is so good
Oh delicious anyway I'm not trying you
guys just miss that Blastoise sure I'm
now charging my phone from Shawn's
laptop because mine's running out but
we're having a good old session you can
mother's a zoo back
I'm actually really bored of these now I
think - but I hate zoo back there Zoe's
teaching papi are to play Shaun's now
teach in and how to play what did you go
for which start in Pokemon a charm charm
and add salamander salamander poppy who
did you go for magic oh yeah
magic car but what is your first Pokemon
was it a squirt or the blue one
oh my goodness that's why when it's open
ice cream cheese a chance to discharge
hmm
we've got walking cherries and this is
its own weird
this spoons are funny aren't they look
at my boobs
yeah they're like baby speed also sure
we wanted the ice cream we pass you the
ice cream Sean thank you so we've gone
for some churros which are amazing
what's that you've got pineapple it's
the fresh pineapple and spiced all I
need you
go on your now live just in wh man out
the back yeah sign in some books okay
there's a new one
one so I gotten paid your wigs to draw a
krookodile okay get drunk okay your
folks come on crocodile that's really
pretty good listen lizard
it's my finger dial now is it is it this
one can you tweet me a picture please
you got through all of those yeah in
case you didn't realize from those last
clicks man up and I was just texting you
now me now if you just signed lots of
books in WH Smith and Brighton in
Churchill Square
so if you're around I want someone to
try and grab the one with the weird
analogy through it well when I signed
them the other day somebody tweet me a
picture they flew from Dublin or from
island somewhere in Ireland to get one
and the guy they did it yeah how many
try Dublin you can still get one who's
always trying once I started quite here
maybe 20
yeah how many to think I just
every time if you get one tweet me look
at this little lego man I love how
brightly colored WH Smith is I just
wanna find my book clubs you look yes
over here
is it let's find it
I'll let those Casper's so nonfiction
Tonya
oh how proud my of all my friends cute
there it is that's not meant to be there
I did oh my god I remember that book oh
how cute
which ones are doing well which one is
it alright we were lies is the one of
the week oh good yeah exactly you read
that on holiday did you like it love
good and poppy doesn't read many no I
can read but now this is first with a
very relevant on and now yeah now she's
reading this one so all good but in that
is very big isn't it paints me like one
of your french girls
never
we are now in the park going on a little
walk ah definitely not to catch pokemon
may get the boys behind oh wait where
are they there they are yours working
yeah mines working now
mine's not work I have to say this app
is the most glitchy thing and it don't
get like genuine who upsets me when it's
not working it's like a really I get so
sad and angry mines currently working
right now so I'm happy
mine's not working yeah why don't know
do you know what this app makes you go
out it makes you walk it makes you do
stuff well it's not even like we're just
saying it's like a new sentencing
community that guy came up first and
chatted to us for like 15 yeah yeah nice
it's not how many people are gonna make
friends go outside lighting so yeah I
think this is the start of something
great a guy as long as people aren't
like wandering across busy roads with
their face down in their phone that's
when it's going to be a bit dangerous
but all in all it's very addictive I
feel like this whole vlog was just in me
talking about this I'm terribly sorry -
I've put my video live so Oh whatever we
can smell right now smells like my
favorite candle from Bath & Body Works
like blossom huh I love the apart
there's always so many really lovely
dogs area just smelt for me that's not
so great why do I feel like autumn today
I think it's because of the wind all the
leaves don't like blow not out of the
trees are you hung from you yeah I put
on a hat and a hoodie to keep me warm
because I get that thing when the wind
blows through your ears and it gives you
like headache yeah
she's our rock she's so excited she's
having so much fun this dog is in her
element tonight not sure what she's had
she's full of beans look at that happy
little face what do you do for a treat
what you have to do for treat no that's
rude she's off so thanks for the treat
Nell is tormenting everybody she always
does that she's like I want to play and
then she'll get scared ah
let there be load back from the park
that was really nice actually I love
like chilled evenings like that like the
park smart with all the spring summer
flowers and it was just really nice get
a bit of exercise in now I want to put
some joggers on and get cozy on the sofa
I think me and a Fiat gonna watch a film
turn this on
I love this lamp I've had this a while
now I think this was from heals I just
love that you can see all the filament
in the bulb can also see all the dust on
the bulb - oh well oh my god okay there
we go
Alfie wanted me to grab his shorts they
are oh I don't know what film we're
going to watch but I'm excited also just
place an order on delivery because even
though we went to M&S like last week we
appear to have run out of food so
tonight's dinner is courtesy of Pizza
Express which I'm not the waiting out
because
I love dough balls and garlic butter I
seem to have a theme of C pajamas that I
keep a lot of them of Christmasy like
Robins Christmas Christmas Christmas
Christmas but they're just the coziest
ones and I think I just have like good
memories of them I just dropped my
camera it doesn't appear to be focusing
oh hell no oh oh I'm so annoyed about
this I've broken my freaking camera okay
wait no okay I think it's okay
I turned it off and turned it on again
generally that works for most things
seem to work for this - I was gonna show
you what Christmas joggers yay
and one of the world's cozia cities this
is actually from Topshop a while ago but
I just like how like slouchy is it's
just really cozy guys lick was on it's
the first Harry Potter look how young
they are this is a classic you're not
gonna let me watch this are you Alfie
yeah do you want to watch it - oh we can
even watch this or we can motion really
never seen before normally you don't
like my Harry Potter marathons no I love
Harry Potter I love Harry Potter but but
the first one it's just so magical
all of them back-to-back twice a week no
ID okay Alfie is the king of exaggerate
on the TV all the time on Sky Movies and
we have but you fall asleep so I'm the
one left and then if I somehow I don't
know how Zoey has this like weird six
sense kind of thing she'll be fast
asleep I'll change your channel be like
now turn it back you're asleep now isn't
it some eyes closed you did have your
eyes closed you're gonna sleep about two
hours yellow bunch listening and I'm not
going to the channel but this one is so
magical you have to agree is before
everything started going tits up for
Harry Ron and Hermione
I show you what yeah huh oh my god where
did he go holla I think you tricked Nala
everybody I think she was just gonna
curl up on it he's following you like
what she just wants to lie on it what's
he gone oh no it's gone
oh I know and little baby
Oh stinky breath what my hat though it
is it's magic we just fell asleep on a
sofa we had a sofa nap which I haven't
had since December but we fell asleep on
the sofa and now I feel so gross do you
feel gross oh look away t-shirt do you
like it yeah anyway thought I'd say good
night because I am now gonna go to sleep
expect for watching everybody I will see
you again very soon
good night
