morning good morning now and I had the
biggest lion I've had all year today
biggis I slept until like ten past ten
days late
yeah what I do sit down very much the
same yeah it was so good though it was
good
so I am feeling wide awake which is a
change and we are going to go to the
beach and get some photo shot we have a
little photo shoot we had really nice
smoothies for breakfast this morning
yamo and yeah what we do for lunch I'm
starting to think about lunch now yeah
we are out of the house come in on a
little photography session mark as I
fake you just do really nice for issue
of me so I can put all the photos on my
wall I was like sure there's no given
frame
yeah so I get a frame to give it to my
mum give you one for Christmas no you
just need some lady's map dated shot
yeah
Mia blocky see your plots
so in play in I get really bad wind
chill in my ears when it's really cold
windy so I just got out the car went
waited and waited for a fun way to mark
like bloody ell if you're not outdoors
person are you
it's nice day it's not raining so can't
complain
oh my god this is where that funny thing
happened you know I still remember this
is this old lady old man were walking
along and they were quite old I would
say like 75 yeah still young at heart
I'm sure and me and Mark walking Allah
and Allah had like a cute little ho on
we were like mean Allah's really small
and we were walking along and she like
stopped dead in a row that she she was
like oh my god she energy be careful run
to her husband Ron watch out careful Ron
like she proper freaked out at not like
she probably just didn't like dogs but
mal is like the least scary dog you
could ever be around and also none of us
nowhere near her which is why Tammy and
Mart which is that careful Rhonda
careful Ron careful Oh what does she
think they can have it smell is gonna do
like ravage them both to death Jesus
look up you all that case but the
speedboat coming to pick you up mark oh
look at the pretty Beach huh don't worry
I work for any of those oh my God look
how cute this one is this is freshly
painted
is it really sad that I know that Tom
now oh my eyes are already watering as
well you could show British did my
makeup lost mark
I'm taking the photos
my nose is streaming the eyes are
streaming it's not even that windy I
don't know why our eyes are watering I
love that we just carried on a
conversation was blinking that much
maybe maybe I'm not blinking enough
anyway yeah I'm coming down onto the
beach now oh I see girls just chillin
don't strike one
you got a bit close there actually
like are still the Sears right down your
guy yeah I'm gonna keep filming in case
you fall in though
me
we can't you just sat down on your own
we've come to get some fishes young
can't come to the theater you don't like
this fish that's me as well this is me
which one would be Alfie that one it's
got eyebrows that's the scary look the
one thing right away I still like the
fun oh I have yourself
yeah like once again I literally could
not find my keys in my pocket cells at
mark but haven't got my keys I haven't
got my car keys okay
yeah then we'd be screwed are you
excited to meet you listen to how much
car you sold
yes I love the color of these houses
this little street actually my god is it
going our building is that right that's
right
local close dude shanty and what's this
one no curry sauce which ones mushy this
one looks like mushy peas that's another
story
thank you yummy chin chin later I look
rough what's going on with this bit of
hair you gonna try having a little
exciting what the piece of hair the
piece of hair is just excited me right
could be right so after we had our lunch
I was like oh I'm in like I'm in the
mood to something specific what is it I
really want to eat something I just
can't quite put my finger on it cupcakes
that's what I wanted I was craving
cupcakes let me just move this piece of
tissue that had not as I bogie on it and
this is little bakery near us called
rays and I had a cupcakes from there the
other day and it was let me tell you
divine
yes they also do the best brownies I've
ever had in my entire life what is it
cool which I also got it's called Ray's
it's a family-run British bakery on
Church Road in home just that oh no one
of them
good it's alright I fixed that I'm
getting us a carrot whitening to go out
and stop screaming am I going to
silently fun dollar your shoe looks
massive
I made mark pause so I could film his
reaction to the world's best brownie
look at that I don't get me with the
cooking's muffins muffins do you with
would you like Jane oh oh oh yeah is it
my snapchat I'll insert a clip of that
so people know what I'm on about tape
going then oh my god aren't they good
yes my closer pops they do but they
taste moist rich melt in the mouth melt
in the mouth rich moist succulent
succulent I'll take you I click upon it
you owe me
and then hardhat is so good though I'm
currently making myself a mock dinner I
have made hi they look massive they're
not that big were actually they're
pretty big but I just thought I would
show them to you now before I actually
put them in the oven because they could
come out looking like so so yeah that is
them right now
got shortcrust pastry on the bottom and
puff pastry on the top so hopefully it
works we will soon see ya the finished
pies they you know what they actually
look pretty damn good if I say so myself
although I am never gonna finish all
that piping consumed maybe a little much
no too much definitely made too much pie
de knife too much pie in the sky bit
dark where did it get dark rock where
did you get to the hog I don't know
knock knock oh no though my son's I
haven't sung me then Donna Donna Donna
who's ha no reason Thorin
who's that pointy me marked the worst
person at lying face gives it away
places they're mine gonna run mark a
little bar room yeah oh this is nice
yeah I moved it from in here cuz I got
new and drawers out here to house my
beauty bit mmm oh yeah
hmm my lucky my lucky a I've got the
best view is in the land Sheridan
letting mark choose what he wants in the
bar okay or I've got these another visa
like relaxing like this so we've got
these Oh baby powder
softening colloidal oats era P yeah
that'd be nice
all right he a little bit of that do you
want any
barf um yes wait do you want any bubbles
yesterday which bubbles go today yeah
yes you may um from a little bit of him
in the comforter and Sakura this is
actually so white oh is it
yeah isn't it so good I thought he said
it I see so why so just like yes like
that yes but some candles aren't okay oh
yeah
oh let that run us today hey you are
able to get in there
got it got it good
Oh a flower that's gonna knock me out
why last time we are chilling on the
sofa how was your bar good thing was it
so relaxing
good I'm glad I'm glad got little
neither on my lap first time she's
actually sat with me last two days she
just likes it with Mark actually you
haven't even been here two days you've
only been here like yeah feels like
you've been here for like four days
don't say more I know today went really
slowly I feel like I feel like we had a
whole day and I didn't feel like oh my
god the times gone yeah Poli some time
and now I was like oh my god it's 11 1 9
10 then you're in the bar 4 9 and 10
and we're watching obsessive-compulsive
cleaners that were yeah I love this
program
yeah yeah winding down doing some little
quickfire Q&A zhan snap sure if you guys
don't follow me on snapchat be sure to
go on over and follow me because I'm
mostly post like little bits and pieces
every day and when I hang out with marks
they are quite funny
it's a Horton aha warden Arnie why do we
look at the exact same time we've both
said we both said oh my god about like
on yeah and then we both thought that I
go let grown up look like Jennifer
Aniston Oh what oh yeah Jennifer Aniston
yes yeah go in gogglebox we both said
that she so it was right way we're like
twins
threesies um
who turned on it I think I was gonna say
Marx just gone I think I might head up
its caught too - and I went no it's not
who's like yeah is what I want you know
this is like the latest I've stayed up
in like well for a long time all right
be back very strong Whigs
got it none I sleep well maybe we'll get
up before 10:00 tomorrow but you know
what it doesn't even matter if we don't
party party good night so I'm gonna head
up also I hope you've enjoyed the vlog
today I've had so much fun and I've also
been really enjoying vlogging a lot so
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
if you haven't already do it now so I
know that you're enjoying the vlogs do
you think they're enjoying the vlog yeah
anyway like guys
