good morning good morning what is my
hands doing my hands have like minds of
their own there's a clip in Alfie's yoga
video it's the bit where I'm like you're
wearing me like a backpack and my hand
is like it makes me laugh out loud every
time I see it like I just don't have any
control of my hands and what a great
start to my vlog today I am wearing a
pink clip today and it is this which is
the NYX soft matte lip cream in the
shade Sydney which is what I picked up
yesterday in boots I have never tried
these however I was most excited by the
counter because they had so much stuff
and I feel like for a really long time
these what um excuse me I feel like for
a really long time these weren't
available in the UK to find puppy so I
was so excited when I saw these and I
really liked it on it doesn't really
feel like a liquid lipstick which feels
I would say a little bit heavier on the
lips this feels kind of light and it's
not like a super vibrant um I don't want
to say consistency it's not super
vibrant and thick but it's so nice like
they feel really like I don't know they
do that a little bit drying so don't
think that these aren't writing I mean
most matte lip products are a bit drying
anyway but I just really like it I feel
like it looks like it's actually my lips
so I am going to have to go back and
look at some more shades of those they
also smell and taste amazing
today I have Mark coming to stay which
I'm so excited about I haven't seen him
in like two weeks
so in two weeks I can't remember we
normally see each other quite regularly
so it feels like I haven't seen him as
regularly and I need to edit videos I've
been having like a mama like
luring up session this morning basically
just tidying and putting things away
that I haven't put away so I've been
getting his bedroom ready let me show
you these this little thing I've done I
sometimes forget to do this but I have
done this for like multiple friends have
come today before I've done this for
Louise too but I like tidied the room
we've got a fresh towel and a flannel we
don't know why I made it like a beak I
quite like to fresh towel and a flannel
I've put his little Diablo sign back and
I always leave a pair of headphones on a
bed only because you know when you go
and stay at someone's house and you
wanna and you like go up to bed but you
want to watch something and you're like
damn it I forgot headphones or I don't
wear my headphones are I leave these
here so people can still watch YouTube
or like listen to music but it's like
not like being really loud when you're
trying to be really choir so got
headphones got this little candle from
Urban Outfitters my little grassy thing
and then over here now this is what I've
like had a lot of fun doing this morning
I've got mark a card for hitting 200,000
subscribers and then I've got a fresh
bottle of water because he normally
brings his own but we actually have some
right now and then I've got some like
little things like hand sanitizer lip
balm dry shampoo hairspray and I know he
loves his hairspray and then some little
tic tacs back there then we've got a
banana for a snack a little eye mask a
klik Apple charger and some chocolate I
think this is the one he said he liked
the last time we tried these and a twirl
and then some slightly healthier options
you've got Clif Bar chocolate almond
fudge and a Doudna a baobab with
pineapple and almonds fruit bar I love
those so that's there for him to use at
his leisure and obviously consume
I've just got a little candle and some
fake flowers and it's just all nice and
tidy just looks good
ow I just walked into the wall guys yes
look at this sleepy pooch she's just
been following me around all day like
please just stop so I can sleep because
she likes to follow me places and
because I'd be walking around the whole
house she's just kind of given up every
now and then and just slept wherever on
the floor I'm now in my office and I am
about to edit I have got myself a little
snack this is the bounce energy ball
with coconut and macadamia protein blitz
this is the only one I like because I'm
obsessed with coconut
let's get editing or you can like see
some of my office right now don't mind
that that's just a magazine rack full of
magazines have been on the front cover
of sounds really vain and it wasn't my
idea it was actually a gift from gleans
but yeah they've done some cool um front
cover shoots that I'm very pleased with
so I just have that there as a little I
guess reminder I don't know but I like
it I'm also trying to fill this up it is
like an office sneak peek I am going to
do an opportunist just not ready yet
like I need to hang things up and but
I'm going to fill this with things I've
got the Wi-Fi password awkward hashtag
girlboss eat sleep blog repeat repeat
repeat and love-struck means being hit
in your hearts by the emotion of love
which is a little quote from going
online so that is my office sneak peek
slight problem
didn't actually get to edit my videos
because alfea's mum and dad popped in
and we had a little capture and I showed
them some new exciting things that I
also showed poppy and before I know it
the times gone a mark is going to be
here any second so at some point today I
am gonna have to edit
I hope mark doesn't mind to be fair we
just chill on laptops sometimes too we
don't just we don't always
just run a riot run Ryan run riot what I
am gonna do though is cook us like a
late lunch of camembert and crusty bread
because it's delicious I actually bought
a camembert Baker like a little pot that
you can bake Cambron
but it's huge and the camembert i
Norma's pie from the supermarket is this
size so I mean I think I can still put
it in yeah let's just let's still put it
in but maybe I need to go to like a
proper like deli or like a cheese monger
and buy some like big old come back
because I put a little bit of honey on
the top nice little drizzle that's quite
often a gobbet carried away with the
honey but there we go then I'm going to
pop the little lid on pop them in the
fridge in the fridge in the other
if bread smells incredible I wish you
had smell-o-vision right now oh my god I
just love crusty bread
I just text mark saying are you almost
here because the cheese is ready so I
just turned the oven off so it stays
warm and he said sure our mom justin
pets at home and I wonder why he could
be there
Oh funny ah he spoils you doesn't he
always buying new treats naughty boy
mark look is alright just in time you
know more than me yeah she always goes
to his bag to look for treats the same
bag oh my god I haven't had a release
since I was like I don't know $10 600
have you tried like Gigi yeah I look
geez I've had absolutely right along we
can Lachi these are the finished drinks
we've got mint we've got light Chi
crushed ice and lime juice none of its
bright so you try yours let me know what
you think I just kind of made it up is
it good so good yeah yeah we told it oh
yeah thanks laughs this is nice
can you see yep they do in general just
wondering I'm really happy with it Oh
like a summers day in a cup
let's get in there I'm well happy but am
I telling this up oh I don't know I'm
sorry
Oh marks trying the camembert that's
gonna burn my mouth off in it mmm
potentially potentially yes isn't it
good Oh guys this thing worked so well
this little pot oh my god that is
beautiful
yeah how could do that well you are well
guess what is she lucky I am showing
mark up to his bedroom the one who stays
and every time but it's just I put a
little something in here for you so
you've got bad dry shampoo a bit
hairspray my favorite shampoo my
favorite hairspray I know and then
you've got some healthier snacks some
more unhealthy snack a banana no moon a
little sleep mask some step friend
okay stick bottle of water oh my god a
hand sanitizer and a natural lip balm
you know me so well
yeah oh thank you well says it's a
little card Oh bringing you bit read it
the ugly the snapshot the closer the
friendship Chloe this out oh no I'm fine
mark congratulations on hitting 200,000
subscribers you deserve all the success
and recognition smiley face I'm so
grateful to have so on oh no someone is
amazing kind and compassionate as you my
life I'm so undermined glad you tweet me
your video multiple times day 3 I'm so
glad you tweet me your video multiple
times because now I have a friend
forever to shave more side-splitting
memories with here's to the next 200,000
am anymore
anzo adventures love you sorry oh yeah
you didn't cry person is that cameras
off I will get the cover off I love that
card I was like that is so alike ah yeah
oh there's a game so because mark stayed
here the most out of anyone I even went
out will have got a toothpaste that I
thought you would really like a 3d why
you this is like the best thing ever
done in writing it's just the one that
she was not I think so yeah I love that
too oh yeah it's the best toothpaste oh
there we go
even the toothpaste and I put my and
shower gel is mad I know yeah I want to
deserve you yes you did Yago hey you
don't belong when you go out okay okay I
don't know how I dance when I go out on
Musil I know we have oh oh oh Diablo
Diablo yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah even a wall now I'm already crying
of laughter I turned around like staring
at the floor I was like you're right and
he said reenact I found a baboon see her
balloon there's a baboon in the floor
guys look at it like it's trying to get
out you do know now forever when I'm in
this kitchen I look down about floor I'm
just gonna think of the baboon look I
was just over there making Marcus turd
drink
I was like children on the drink he went
oh yeah I'm really sorry but you know -
it's so good I'm started adding and a
teaspoon and a half of Demerara sugar
probably is a bit much actually I don't
know it's a fairly lot my is not a
fairly large drink I mean maybe I should
be putting sugar in it's not the
healthiest but I just put a little bit
in and mix it all in because I once had
a mojito at an event and it have brown
sugar in it and oh my god it was so good
so I've added a bit of that in I don't
even know if that's the right sugar but
mark said it tastes good so what are the
boobs look like but they're positive I
feel like oh I don't know do you know
who would be the perfect person to ask
that question to my brother I just feel
like he control everything like he would
immediately know what upper boom looks
like I've got the face good oh thank you
look at what's up chat right now oh my
god so myself and Mark are off to the
cinema we are going to watch friend
requests I've got my glasses on which
are like eight times to makes my head
but I like them it makes me feel like
I'm from like coulis or something I like
it yeah and also just terrified mark and
even terrified me and I thought this is
going to be a reoccurring thing is that
your victory dance
yeah there are very eighties that's what
I mean like very clueless 80s but you
know what I look like
I look like frickin character in Katy
Perry's is it last protein I know a
Teaneck what was I look like a Katy
Perry character I don't know which one
yeah it's just hot in the party one last
photo yeah I want is on tabletops things
can keep some kinda shots - too many
shots for the bar for
one it's not one yeah no I'm just done
you use me sure
no there we go get help me get help me
ass me just lid roof style take away
would you take the wheel in my locks
control yeah what'd you say to go just
walking to the cinema what you're taking
a pic of taking a little short
oh I should have probably won my
sunglass is not these things but yeah we
just chatting about one of our faves
Georgia should be better
did you see that last week you see that
illusion what you said did you see that
laughing so yeah I did oh my god do
something
yeah look how much a lovely evening it
is you night in Brian's you sir look at
me
every single machine every single person
here why is the cheese like Nicolas
liquid cheese what time is Philip you
mean comes
Hey
oh it's cold in there oh you know when
you come up the cinema exactly really
chilly oh my god water pallava and there
we are guys like yeah that was like this
group of like tonight very yeah it was
so annoying
I was mark went in sat down lit she goes
oh they're gonna be trouble
you yeah I knew it and I don't even know
if I'm a Lucas oh yeah I look so tired I
should put these on and he was like yeah
they're gonna be trouble
sure enough getting up and walking
around talking door so many people left
a little help oh it was played by a just
like think about we look so nice oh no
no I actually really enjoyed it I felt
like I would have enjoyed it more if
there wasn't people like yeah laughing
and like talking and Brett that guy's my
boy jump-scares
yeah they were good that was a good like
jumpy film go see it yo Glenn request
oh god risk Oh a socio silence in two
hours yeah we've never been quieter -
who would you give that film our minds I
give it the 32.5 yeah me too yeah
because it wasn't like it wasn't
something I'd never seen before but it
was really good yeah there was something
so quite predictable yeah cuz it was
yeah mostly I don't want to say yeah
we're gonna give it away
it's still good yeah I definitely go
watch edge over my lipstick weirdest gay
that oh I wonder if they won't play we
don't is to run out doing no let's go
come on we've been in the car for like
yeah yeah there's also a character in
there that means I both said but like
Jennifer Anderson I'm so good because I
was like what is your name Jennifer
Anderson in your I'm a coyote African a
we're gonna go to prison we thought no
go back awesome we're gonna go to prison
I swear to god guys I love Brian Brian
on a Saturday night it's not the one
come on any hand is just all handed
anyone not on a handy we saw Brides
we saw pirates party he brings a bad
nonsense odd hello there the Sohma name
I'm Brian I know does my head hold on to
your knickers girls
so check him on I swear something like I
said before they set off know what them
it's a spice spice girls the movie spice
world my god I was thinking of something
old like a 90s leg hold on Tanika girl
found all the room
mark see is abaddon huh is so good
was it look how magical it look you
article ish magic knowledge she's
getting banana oh this is making the
lighting on my camera flip out this is
my cozy attire this says whatever I'm
having cheese fries hmm Mean Girls quite
did you used to play shop
yeah well I used to play shop Oh with
like yeah oh my god I used to love that
playing shop I'm playing mummies and
daddies was my favorite was it my mom's
another well you go
are we the moment you be the daddy you
be the baby oh and you play mommy I was
always a mummy nice daddy was the daddy
I was the second cousin once removed
when we play no I believe I was always a
great great-great-great-great
great-great-great great-great-great
grandmother better money no he's
deciding what to eat yeah no 12 don't
worry enough yeah I was like did this
because I have not raised as well so I
feel bit like maybe we just have
something light like light yeah be nice
let's go find something honest I have
four short over film today I always over
film and I'm leaving what's that thing
that we we said to mother like when you
left once and I start out with dog yeah
it was like was I Zoe yeah thanks
sorry yes mark thanks oh yeah dinnertime
I've just made us a little something
something awesome I made what I made for
myself the other day which is hummus
halloumi red pepper and spinach and
balsamic vinegar yeah and I've also
looked at my look as I can't make that
weekend birth and I've made some more of
a little drink yeah we've gotta come up
with a name for it I know how's that
good book this is to emotions Got Talent
gets me every time
it is creeps up on ya she was amazing
though and she she was so good oh my god
you're right you're right you're right
all right
just made these little well I heated the
mini pancakes and melted some chocolate
this is the good aren't they
oh my god Oh get your buddies with the
toys oh my god I got you good
I prefer going back I told you I would I
did everything goes like she's not gonna
scare it you downstairs I'm good for
this now you will never be able to jump
me again this is your bed look I just
sat where are you doing I am gonna go to
keep now I am super tired
so I was a seeing you again thanks for
watching thumbs up love ya
