good morning everybody I am vlogging
today because I mean I don't know if I
really have a lot going on but I thought
I would vlog anyway because I told you I
would vlog more so that is what I'm
gonna do and actually I really enjoy
vlogging it's one of my favorite things
to do although I have really been
enjoying filming main channel videos at
the moment I feel like I go through
stages where I like one more than the
other
gosh I'm out of breath so a bit yeah I
go through kind of phases where I like
one more than the other or I like making
or editing either channel more than the
other but at the moment I'm kind of
loving both hi Missy what you up to we
try to get the stain out of the carpet
with a carpet cleaner you know one of
those rug doctor things and it's
actually just left a massive mark in the
carpet and it smells rank so I don't
know what the person before us had used
the carpet cleaner for but I feel like
my carpet now smells like it which is
not so great so I don't really know what
to do about that now I think maybe by a
steam cleaner rather than rent one I'm
not sure oh well I've done my makeup
already today I've gone for something
quite kind of spring summary of I've
cracked out the orange lip again you
guys know how much I love an orange lip
so I'm going to show you what products I
have used on my face today
I used the Bobbi Brown long-wear even
finish foundation which I am really
enjoying at the moment I don't really
ever use Bobby Brown foundations this is
the fast one I've ever tried and I
really really like it it lasts so much
longer than any other foundation that I
have and at the moment my skin is going
through like a weird time it's not like
it's not that it's like super spotty
it's just that any spot I have had it's
really lingering like the scarring and
the marking won't go away so I've used
something a little heavier I then used
my favorite Urban Decay Naked skin in
color light neutral and then under my
eyes I use the lasting perfection
concealer in fair a for powder or what I
use my powder I use yes I used my
hourglass ambient light in luminous
light which is super pretty and then I
used this bronzer which is the urban
decay Beach bronzer in bronze and that
sounds like a nice matte which I just
kind of put under my cheekbone for a bit
of contour look at this you've got like
a double angle then I use this oops
can I use this blusher which is the Too
Faced blush in sparkling Bellini look
how pretty this is home look at it it's
so pretty I'm like obsessed with it this
will for sure be in my monthly favorites
month then for highlighter I used this
which will probably also be in a
favorites video because it's that's so
beautiful it reminds me of what you're
doing you trying to get my attention
this actually reminds me of teas I don't
know if you're going to be able to see
there you go maybe you can see it now it
has this really lovely iridescent pink
to it and I have this on my cheekbones
and it does remind me of Estee Lauder's
T's blush which if any of you are aware
is the blush that I am so obsessed with
and this is called fireball and it's an
eight hour powder highlighter it's so
pretty I don't know if you can see on my
cheeks I'll let you come right in can
you see it I don't know and then I
primer I use the Urban Decay eyeshadow
primer potion
then I used
these two pallets this is a bareMinerals
pallet hello and I really like the
colors in it but I used this one which
is called happenstance let me just open
that somuch somuch this packaging is
difficult to open so I used that one all
over my lid it's quite glittery light
it's quite chunky I'm actually a little
bit worried my eyes aren't going to like
it because normally I can't wear chunky
glittery eyeshadow so we'll soon see
will soon see and then another thing
which will no doubt be in my favourites
I'm basically telling you all my
favorites right now is this which is the
sweet peach palette by Too Faced it
smells of pictures it's incredible I use
a little bit of luscious and a little
bit of nectar and then I used charmed
I'm sure for my eyebrows then for my
eyelashes I used my favorite Maybelline
lash sensational and I used my connect
bottom lash mascara oh and on my lips I
used this which is the colour-pop ultra
matte lip their like liquid lipsticks
and this is in the color Pacific it's a
really lovely kind of bright orange I
guess um but yeah I felt like it was
quite springy
and summery so I liked it a lot I really
love these these are incredible now all
that's left for me to do is me bar knit
so I'll let you watch me do that
gonna curl it
okay now that I have curled my hair I'm
going to put a little bit of oil on this
is the davines oil oh one oil I'm going
to put a little bit a little bit in the
palm of my hand rub it all over and take
it through my hair I don't want too much
in my French but I feel like it helps
give definition and as I have blonde
hair I just feel like it's never really
shiny so this kind of this this helps
there we go all finished I'm trying to
work out there's a way that I can show
you my outfit today but I don't think
there is a part from if I just go like
this so I have these shorts on which are
from Topshop this shirt which is also
from Topshop and I just have some tights
on and I am ready to face the day I've
already had breakfast this morning I
made myself some porridge now I don't
know if I've ever mentioned this I
possibly have but I just feel like
porridge is such a good breakfast to
have but I don't like porridge really so
I've been trying to like train myself to
like it I kind of just figured if I have
it a lot and I change what I have with
it eventually there's going to be some
sort of concoction that I actually like
to eat so this morning I had golden
syrup banana and a little bit of
cinnamon and actually I did quite like
it so I feel like this could possibly be
working operation make Zoey like
porridge version like 25 was actually
about a 7 out of 10 and I almost
finished the whole thing until the I got
bored of it and I was like oh the
texture I'm not really sure why I don't
like porridge I think it might be the
texture but because I like in principle
the idea of porridge seemed
fine to me like but I don't know I don't
know what it is I just can't love it and
I really want to so I'm just going to
keep trying to eat it with different
things
I think today's scent of choice is going
to be this germ alone mimosa and
cardamom which smells so good this is
all my like perfumes by the way I don't
think I've ever shown this but it's a
bit of a mess so I need to kind of
organize it but yes I bought this when
we went to blue water and I really
really liked it it smells so good I also
feel like I need to put a necklace on
because I have such a bare chest so I'm
going to put my Anna ciccone
necklace on which is this one it's so
pretty it's a star sign pendant so if
any of you haven't seen I will make sure
to link Anna's website below where you
can buy one of these obviously I'm an
Aries but yeah I love it I love it so
much I've had to put Nala in her pen
because she's just barking everything
basically I don't even know if I've said
this in a video before but when Alfie
goes away Alfie's going to playlist by
the way that's why I'm going to be here
on my own I'm actually that's a like
Mark is going to be coming for Saturday
and Sunday so that would be good but
until then I'm on my lonesome um but
whenever Alfie's not here I always like
go slightly insane at how much not a box
at everything like everything that moves
everything that sways in the wind like
any bird that's in the garden just I
feel like she goes like extraterritorial
and I think it might be because Alfie is
not here so she feels like she's like
super like she goes into like super
protection mode I'm not all the bags
under my eyes from this light there we
go um I'm not sure like she just becomes
a little bit of a monkey and I always
kind of get really excited I get excited
to see Alfie anyway when he gets back
from a trip but when Nala has been like
this for like five day can you hear her
when she's been like this for like five
days I just cannot
wait for alfie to get back because I
think she just goes into like I am the
protector of the household I'm going to
protect you Zoey like every little thing
and she's barking barking barking so at
the moment there's some guys building on
the house next door and every saw
movement she rocks and as you can
imagine there's a lot of small movements
okay you're going to be a good girl if I
let you out are you going to be a good
girl look at that little face
come on then no barking fun trusting you
yeah guys an exciting package has
arrived I'm going to actually wait until
Angie gets here before I open it because
I don't know what's in it but I have a
feeling and it is Trez excite them all
Rezac flow to mom I'm kind of hungry
what can we eat Angie's here okay I'm
gonna open it boss I'm so excited
annoying me if it's what I think it I
can't show you but you can see my
reaction where can I put this hole oh
yeah treat X function
step1 schizos that juice right what is
in it
Oh what is it oh it's what I think it is
oh my god God Christmas is early not
just shown in that don't uh
you'll find out soon guys I promise not
always very soon oh my god this is one
of my favorite things I can't wait for
this I love the packaging so much it's
like since greatly or guess what you
think it might be in the comments oh
that's what a dislike should come right
now so bad these guys are comment what
could it be
and it's blurry
guys this is my sneak peak for you a bit
of pink
a bit of gold ball coming into focus
what could this be
looks like a strange unicorn horn my
unicorn range we are off into town and I
think it's for sure
a roof down occasional yes yeah is it
gone no no what do I do
black tights no my son Roscoe are you
sure I'm gonna sell it on eBay so he
spent it on some lipstick we're gonna go
and grab something to eat quickly I have
a suitcase for this particular meeting
how bizarre whatever could that mean
yeah it doesn't mean I'm bringing out
suitcases just to clarify well I got the
people yes I should probably stop
talking now I reckon I was rest oh
nothing jeez
it'd just be bad sorry I really slowing
down the process
okay I just semester feel like this
would be me if I was up if I was a crack
thank you in here what have we got oh
they have breakfast menu a breakfast
Bret oh wow that's nice like a bit late
for breakfast this is so cute and she
started laughing this sounds very
fitting it's just to wrap it - it does
the jaws of like hundreds and thousands
and like marshmallows oh my goodness and
I kind of want to like frisbee it like a
boomerang yeah look how delicious it is
there was a lot
yeah I mean yeah I guess it fold it
round these look so good we went for
Italians we've got the mozzarella tomato
and spinach just in my meeting now I
would say well what about halfway
through gone through one very exciting
thing it's like I'm here on my own
silent nods don't fill me if you feel me
why don't say anything they'll never
know I'm here I promise I am in a
meeting I think they are here got LaFave
virgin mojito and we're just yeah going
through lots of exciting things I just
can't wait to share them with you
oh thanks to the meeting guys hide your
face side of it you little of me guys
and found something very suspicious on
the floor oh oh wait it looks like
clucking like a chili burger how long we
know it could be like a bum hole or
something so I'm just not here replying
to lots of you on Twitter
chillin now got the TV on haven't got
any YouTube videos on or anything and I
can hear the floor creaking above me but
not like as a pattern so it like that it
could be something like just randomly
every now and again floor creaks really
loud I'm like terrified there's someone
in my house right now like I'm smiling
inside I'm I'm gonna go and have a look
unless it's some like giant seagull
walking on my roof because the roof
above me here is flat
there's no upstairs bit to this oh then
it can't be someone upstairs because
there isn't an upstairs here oh my god
PS I absolutely love that so many of you
thought there was a man in this room
okay there's no one up here what it
actually was I'll just show you we have
a steamer and Alfie put a hat on here
and there was a jacket hanging on the
hanger oh that is what you actually saw
in that last clip in another vlog oh my
god okay so some clothes hanging up I
legit thought that was someone in there
no scary people hiding in the house I'm
sat watching Harry Potter on the sky
it's like my cozy film it just makes me
instantly feel cozy and I've got my
dinner in the oven and I just thought I
would probably end my vlog here actually
because I'm just gonna watch this eat
and then probably go to bed before I go
though I am just gonna say I did mention
it earlier on on my Twitter but I know
that all of you watching this won't be
following me on my Twitter so I'm just
going to mention it here also but please
be aware that I don't use my Skype to
speak to fans or viewers and I also
don't use my personal Facebook to speak
to fans or viewers the only place where
you'll ever see me replying or
commenting are the places that I will
link in the description of videos or I
sometimes go on the soil a beauty
Twitter and reply back to you guys but I
never use any of my
personal accounts to have like personal
interactions I just want to make it
aware because there are people out there
who pretend to be me and it's so
dangerous I will never be like using
Skype or personal Facebook just to
interact with people so if you think
you're interacting with me on either of
those it's not me and please please
please be safe on the internet the
Internet is such an amazing thing but
it's also so dangerous I don't like to
end it on that note basically stay safe
and I know that a lot of you know that I
don't use those but there are a lot of
younger viewers who don't understand
that it's not me and that makes me so
sad because you don't know who it is if
it's not me who is it and that's just so
creepy and again I don't really want to
end it on that kind of serious tone I
want you all to write in the comments
one thing that the Internet has improved
for you so one thing where the Internet
has helped you or has allowed you to do
something that has like changed your
life
let's do that one thing everyone go I am
gonna watch Harry Potter curl up with my
little pooch fish comes yay good girl
and we're gonna go your breath smells so
fishy and I just don't know why because
you don't eat fish I'm gonna go bed I
hope you've enjoyed the video today give
it a thumbs up if you did and I'll see
you again soon alright
