good morning everybody today myself and
Alfie are doing something that we don't
really get to do a lot and that is have
a complete day to ourselves with no
deadlines no work stuff and we've
decided that we're going to go shopping
so we're going to go to blue water which
I've only ever been to once before with
Anna but it was quite cool
um and I am gonna shop till I drop
or until Alfie drops whoever drops first
basically yeah I haven't done my makeup
yet as you can see so I thought I would
film it maybe do a little time lapse and
so you can see how I did my makeup today
which of you good oh who did you because
Tokyopop stares boxes Oh basically guys
very impressed you peed yourself it
looks it looks like someone's peeked on
my floor he's gonna say very good what
happened
who's what it was foundation oh yes it
was my I twisted a NARS foundation shut
and the whole glass top of the NARS
foundation just came off in my hand
so obviously the bottom just dropped and
the foundation went everywhere oh you
want me to check your thumbnail that one
perp in Charlotte Tilbury magic cream
tart rainforest of the sea foundation
serious you know you're naked you're
still in shock next gonna do a little
bit cheeky concealer my face go to decay
make it
under my eyes and go for the collection
lasting perfection doing this quite
quickly today because I just don't
really have the time to do it how I
normally would so this is like my super
quick throw it all on use a blending
sponge and hope it looks alright
technique
Studio Fix little bit of hourglass
ambient lighting powder in mood light
L'Oreal bronzer in gland wrongs Oh Six
Sigma blush in new via oral powder Mac
mineralize skinfinish in soft and gentle
look at it it's beautiful
I'm using Tanya burr perfect brows
palette and the color I am using is hot
cocoa which is this really dark brown it
looks slightly darker in the thing but
it's not actually it's like a really
good like actually brown I'm going to
use the Burberry pale copper these eye
color contour smoke and smoke pen and
I'm going to whack that all over my
eyelid
and they're going to blend it I'm going
to add some Mac eye shadows I don't know
what these colors are called and I'm
scared to take them out of this palette
in case I break them but I think this
one is good wink so I'm going to put a
little bit with wink and I'm sable I
want to say it looks like sable now I'm
going to do mascara and I'm going to use
my trusty Maybelline lash sensational
intense
I'm going to use a little connect bottom
lash mascara Dan should probably do
something with my hair I have been
loving this recently which is the
Clarins lip liner pencil in the color
nude beige I've been wearing cool all
done I just need to do my lip and I need
to do my hair but I kind of want to have
my hair up in some way I quite like this
this is just Bed Head to be honest um
but I kind of want to go for this sort
of messy updo vibe anyway but I don't
think I can quite get away with this
this is this really is like straight
outfit done so I've managed to kind of
redo the old floppity Bed Head bun
pulled some bits of hair out it's not as
messy but I feel like throughout the day
it will gradually just get Messier and
I've got my earrings on that Tanja
bought me for my birthday
got my rings on the Alfie and poppy got
me for my birthday
I have this top on which is from Topshop
actually got this in the summer but it's
one of my favorite crop tops it's
buttoned all the way down it's just
really loose and like I don't know I
really like it and then I have my jeans
on which a lot of you have been asking
me where they're from these are from
Zara so there you go and I've got my
favorite Clarins
lip liner all over my lips and ready you
ready Alf not yet it's so excited to go
shopping I'm happy with the new camera
let me know what you guys think of this
new camera I was just packing my bag to
go and I found this in it which is a
biscuit from when I was with Tanya and
Jim and we went to biscuit ears and we
bought this for Alfie and I forgot to
give it to him so Wow I've got your
present
it is a biscuit yeah Nala's off on a
wall
Carrie I go home from war don't you
attend O'Dare for some so I handed out
fit me
how old is that only from when we went
to town you and gems
oh that's good to get you buy it for me
yeah yes we did I promise you I think
Jim might have locked it even is that a
bit hairy
no no friends about a date 21st
September 2016 a gazillion yeah I'm
ahead might have just broken off you
should kill him
boy yeah just having a little stretchy
oh it didn't actually take too long to
get ahead of it I looking at or drove
here oh yeah no I didn't draw JSTOR
Alfie didn't drive my car here I just
I've just sucked out of the password to
log that we've arrived you get yes we go
something
yeah yeah time to shop
time to get some coffee so this is where
we're parked so II for future reference
so I can come back to this line this
vlog and alone did podcast basically by
our house yeah don't fall away far away
anyway Alfie wants a Starbucks so that
is the first thing on it
I don't actually have specific think we
could get office get some new shoes I
feel like we need to make a tactical
like to the lower level than the upper
level otherwise we're just going to run
I suppose okay yeah let's do that
make sense rubble so excited I love
coming shopping and it's so quiet cop
will help me point out I've been out for
disease can we go look at the open up
with you good you wanted you have an
outfit first I might want to do Daraa
okay let's get a drink first okay and
then we'll make a plan also how much you
know about these outfit today I really
like when you put bands are on your
ankles are you ready yeah oh he's about
to see you oh okay I do love myself some
stationery this is the tastiest thing
you will ever eat in Sabah what you go
for nice latte I am tempted by there we
haven't really had proper breakfast
we still in urban outfitters today they
say we came into urban outfitter oh I'm
trying to make him like you've got into
like videos but I liked when you Ringo
Starr looks good like that but just not
on my head you've got a big head haven't
you I really like that driver I really
like this jumper with those things on
the seat that's really nice quite Kanye
is in a very corny but yeah we're still
here we found quite a lot of things
oh my god this shopping trip is going to
be very dangerous and there's going to
be a fair few holes for that jumper in
black in my bag Oh have you brought in
large Nick she comes up right here oh
it's large
I can't even beyond yeah there's going
to be a fair few hauls out of this thang
we had quite a few bags in Urban
Outfitters it's not that we had so many
we couldn't carry is that they were a
bit heavy and we wanted three arms for
the rest of the shop so we put the bags
back in the car it is such a nice day
today it was yesterday as well I felt
like it was the first every year that it
was actually like nice like the weather
was really like it's warm right now
isn't it
I like I said tell people I'm come on
holiday I love the surroundings yes I
feel like we're in like a busy town like
well we're not always that's why I
wouldn't feel like it cuz we're not I
don't know there's something about this
place I said it feels like I'm on
holiday it does my uncle's are out the
sun's out my heels routing some well
what spaceships let's go do more
shopping where we go now
Zara sees all is not great for me I feel
like the armor for men is quite posh I
really like mark yeah it's quite small
isn't it which isn't really my thing
not really mate it's not melt me it's
just not me
it's lunchtime
there's their water bit of courgette
pasta those feel nice bit of water
I've got homemade lemonade is so good
laughter we are in Jamie's one of our
favorite places
hi Jamie what you watching lemon your
restaurant has always husband for a
polonaise and obvious not the closure
and they never said and we've also got
my favorite which is the Italian message
please never get rid of these I will be
PO bad or just send us the recipe yes
got the bread and what about you by
Bernardo amore calamari delish house
shopping going so far good so good we've
got a job we're buying presents for
other people - it took quite like
another president OPA president
so I'm going to eat this
we and now includes what being serious
for actually ended up in your login I
wanted to get some fake tan I just saw
this love with Matt I can't understand
how we get them Karachi Oh cap this is
not magic strength we were talking the
other day how I look so much healthier
in 2014 when you had a tan is because I
was tired so we don't have any Sun in
the UK as you know make time could be
the answer actually just going to show
them there
does anyone remember this this used to
be like the thing but everyone wanted to
you is like I used to use this all the
time with gradual tanner I'm actually
half tempted to get it again oh my god
they've got like a gray one so I used to
do this all the time and also did
anybody else ever get the Mitchum what's
it called deodorant they used to do one
that was a water lily water something I
don't intend to do anyone which makes we
had actually yeah I got some oats
Louisa's hello everybody my name is
Alfie and so his boyfriend and my job is
to sit on this chair what Zoe shops and
jobs and shops don't even know where she
is she's run away she's gone
the fun life or a youtubers boyfriend
waiting
what's the shop it could be a several
hours so far so far today I had carried
Zoey's bags for her and followed her and
why she picks makeup and that is my hair
I'm sure I'm currently an anthropology
well I haven't met a viewer who's been
watching my video since 2008 2009 and
she's called Mary oh and it's so nice to
meet her what mommy's going to meet us
now
um I moved over here in 2009 and I read
your blog it's obviously thought you
look like Munich eight now oh my husband
asked me to Miriam in 2008 no I was like
no wait a couple of years but I read
your blog and it was like I could
probably do that yeah the pushing point
oh it's like three I like I spent so
nice to meet you thank you for
continuing to watch my myself oh please
I was just like browsing the show but I
just hadn't I'm doing a little bit of
shopping in anthropology now he feels oh
it must be really hard to work there not
one everything I am always broke there's
too many nice things exactly exactly
goodness
you're right there our fee have you dish
have you just had enough of shopping I
was enjoying to shop until we came in
here let's invoke shopping
no I'm still enjoying I'm just chilling
okay well I'm done now if you're not
home from the bean well I put some more
at the tail its Alfie's turn to try on
all the stuff while I hold his coffee
I'm being a good girlfriend now that's
really nice
I really like it still shopping I'm not
sure how interesting this mug is
actually gonna be because it's me and
I'll be sure all this awesome I'm so
excited
we found it there it is they're dead and
dead under then I sure don't eat
anything in here but I so want something
they have new things this is nothing
I've not tried here maybe we should try
him and this is my favorite one what you
buy in the shop as usual in luck
nice flying most of the shop might have
already seen I have quite the lush
collection but that's not my this
literally looks like our bathroom sorry
favorites I didn't have so I need to
stock up also there's a couple of new
ones no judgment yeah I think we are
well and truly shopped out and the bag
have to go in the back but I have a mini
so there's not a lot of space alvey's is
run inside to go for a wee-wee
and we picked up a cheeky wasabi because
it is not in the time it's 7 o'clock but
we've had a really nice day shopping it
was so successful the girls in
anthropology was so lovely
and they came down and gave me a little
present which was so sweet of them just
kind of introduced me to anthropology
and that was just really lovely so thank
you girls for doing that that's so nice
I haven't looked in the bag yet so I
don't know what it is but yes got some
bikinis for summer holiday from
Victoria's Secret what else
lots of little bits and pieces and yeah
all in all a very successful shopping
day and now we just have the journey
home then
we are home we've had some food and now
it is time to eat some cupcakes
so yesterday myself and Alfie decorated
cupcakes with the rays of sunshine
charity and we have quite a few boxes we
had two groups of people so in each
group we decorated six cupcakes so
between us we now have 24 cupcakes and
we've had dinner and were like oh yes
fancy cupcake so the only thing is is
that these have been in the boot of my
car since yesterday and I can't
guarantee they look too fresh because I
I'm pretty sure Ange dropped a couple of
the boxes Oh God
ah these don't look the best they smell
nice they just don't look the best these
ones look okay so these were mine this
sort of bear that I made this was the
rays of sunshine one this is with two Oh
icing vanilla and chocolate with an Oreo
on top this was my see doesn't really
look like the sea anymore and this was a
random one so there you look okay these
are another box of alfea's oh I mean
what is that something look at this one
oh yeah
and this one I know this one's bow these
are mine I got everybody to sign them
for me oh dear that was my Alfie cupcake
I mean they're still gonna taste great I
know that much so I'm going to go for
this one because it just isn't there's
not as much icing on that one off which
one do you want maybe he'll want his
rays of sunshine one that ones somehow
myself and Alfie Orman I've got
something both my I'm not even joking
not in just in one in both the eyes so
myself enough even make my eyeballs
no Michael just landed in bed it was
time like this 99 didn't else landed in
bed all right we just realized we're in
bed at five to ten like I mean I know I
get to bed pretty early that's just a
given but this one probably ones
normally up until like 1:00 a.m. no not
that late so basically all I have to do
is take alpha shopping with me and ask
him nicely to carry our bags and then
he'll have an early night I mean so the
next time you can't sleep oh my gosh I'm
partying yeah I did actually
I did I bought a syringe a Malay
Perignon exactly for a positive saying
here to present or saying you stink so
I'm gonna get you something that smells
good he was a prison anyway I'm in bed
I'm reading fangirl by Rainbow Rowell
Rowell Rainbow Rowell ro l don't know
how to pronounce it
I am this far in I only have a tiny bit
left but as a lot of you know I am doing
the WH Smith book club so it means I am
reading books back to back 24/7 how much
have I been reading over the past like
two weeks you've read more books
this is like the Lisa but good angle of
me book you've read more books in the
past two days than I've read in the past
20 now in the past two days I've been
reading the same book Alfie I'm not that
quick at reading I don't just like oh
one book done basically because I have
been reading a lot of books to select my
favorite so the WH Smith book club it
just means that all my spare time is
used up reading um so a lot of you have
been like you haven't really been with
your boy boy yeah it means I haven't
spent as much time with Alfie so we've
had today I haven't spent as much time
like out and about but today I think it
was a nice day we had we had lots of fun
um but yeah so just reading a lot really
really really really really really but
I'm really excited to be able to share
with you my eight picks when the time
comes for me to share them I've read
some great
some really great books and I do really
really enjoy reading so I like that it's
given me an opportunity to read more
because normally it's kind of like my
last thought I guess it's like I have a
really super busy day and then I just
think I'm going to go to bed but when
it's something I need to do for
something I'm like well I can set aside
more time in order to read so it's
really good I'm really enjoying it
but yeah we had a nice day didn't we
it was such a relaxing day also because
we went somewhere that was outside of
Brighton and brightens the busiest place
in the world it was just empty
yeah it was so real and we're not used
to like shopping without hardly anybody
around it was really nice that we got to
meet lots of lovely viewers as well and
so many that were wanting so many that
were working in the different shops who
went into it was really nice really
really nice did you have a nice day now
laughs we've got lots of nice and new
foods as well oh yeah they did you you
get the fun with your friends did you
gonna walk oh not now no no me not right
now we're going to bed now no well go
now she looks like sea lions right no
reason in my face complet puppy do you
love me do you love me do you love me
who do you love more
Shelby no she literally just like ran
away at the mention of your name I'm
gonna read some of my book and then I'm
gonna go to sleep because I am actually
really tired but I hope you enjoyed oh
who do you love look she came to me
Alfie that's good you wanted to put on
you know I hope you enjoyed this vlog
give it a thumbs up if you did and I
will see you again soon bye say good bye
good bye good night ever love my baby
carrot
