good morning good morning Alfie deyes
going on your face bit on moisturizer
put that moisturizer on I have done
nothing to my appearance this morning
woke up with my eyes sealed shut and
they look kind of sore
not gonna lie that it very blue though
holy crap II wait crappy mark is still
here there he is
hello okay I'm making us back yay I'm
laying the table so we've got water
things that I think go well with pancake
we've got lemon sugar Nutella sprinkles
cream bit of everything
fruit I've laid out all night and I'm
just about to start on the actual
pancakes now if any of you want to make
these then there is a recipe on my blog
for leave a little link to that below
I'm making double the amount of the ones
Jamie Oliver makes so that's like six
eggs I can't remember but anyway we're
gonna make banger
I would like to nervous no Oh little
toilet all right got this get up nice
and round
the first ones never the best one I feel
like cooking all right though
coconut nicely you doing good well done
mate
don't let us down that's what you gotta
wait for those little bubbles pop a UF
Lipper is this okay I can let you guys
talk
I'm quite good tosser Hey ready
ah shut up
oh that it's the perfect pancake yeah I
take this very serious the sights so
satisfying about the way they look I
don't know why it's that really weird
they just look so like not edible yeah
okay oona done getting them shot okay so
marks gonna toss the pancake obviously
be very careful it's a very hot pan but
yeah Oh
yeah I'd say I'm a I didn't drop it
pancakes oh gosh did I drop hold on them
look okay taking them to the table
Oh
we get judged by what we do
the wah Ross Priss may come up brahs
bris I would see crazy things and you
put the cameraman I can't wait to see
why I was saying to myself last night I
know maybe this is the first one what
would you guys have on your pancakes
here's a little selection see I quite
want to do a bit of whipped cream and
sprinkles I just think it would look so
I hop but what I might do is cut the
pancakes in half put a bit of each
topping on them oh my god know what I
mean because I want all the toppings
I've basically laid out have you ever
tried this bisque off oh my god please
try it okay find a little spoon is
another little spoon in there no I can
use my fork did I do it oh yeah spoon
okay so use your fork and just try some
of that what is it oh it's crunchy oh my
god
isn't it so delicious that's got me so
happy though yeah oh my god I'm getting
a bit of a get a bit a really this is my
second pancake I've gone for maple syrup
whipped cream and sprinkles really
healthy really really healthy are your
pancakes amazing but I get oh good
what did you go for elf maple syrup for
fruit yeah without no blueberries yeah
I'm not a massive fan of boobs look at
the little happy Easter behind you as
well I've made it so eastery just
editing my vlog from yesterday and Mark
is also editing his but I'm also trying
out some of my new zoella products on
him which none of you know when they're
coming out or what they smell like
but mark try and tell them what you
without giving away what it is yeah okay
rich
I think it's one of my favorite yeah
I've got to try to yeah it's amazing it
smells amazing it goes in really well
but it just smells I can't say without
good it's very rich it's very like I
feel like it's quite luxurious anyway
it's like I said I've never done before
yeah it's completely different to ever
since I'm a massive fan yeah I think
it's my favorite one so far like I
honestly do they're gonna love it yeah
and that is something that's coming out
at the end of the year so that's a
slight clue yeah a slightly a little one
Oh Alfie smell there I can smell the
whole room smells or something yeah
that's what I could smell in the whole
room when I came in
that's so good good yeah do you love it
cover the label yes y'all I like that
she wants lead to look at I love this
don't Larry - this Marcel oh my arm
yeah I love ya so good no that's
actually so it makes me want to eat it
yeah that's a good clue actually that's
a really good one I like just go yeah
hey look at her sniffing my arm she's
licking it she's licking yep there you
go that's that's the proof the proof is
in the pudding this is for a range
coming at the end the year there may be
other things coming out before this hey
IRA which um doesn't smell the same but
this one that I'm currently testing is
for the end of the year and I think it's
one of my favorite scents ever and I
really hope you guys are going to like
it as much as I do I'm just so excited
for Charlotte to come back so we can get
freakin more or more is that Kaduri
accent I'm so excited for Charlotte to
come back know that Scouse I just did
scout today I'm so excited for Charlotte
to come back I love that accent for a
night on the tuned for night and tool
we're gonna get region more more more
MORE I'm so excited
I'm very distinctive is that what word
it yeah yes mark yes mark Don't Cry mom
I look at my face if what happens when
you get too cocky oh my god legit like
crying you okay I'm fine
i bushed myself over the time it's like
you forgot how cool you were for a
second
up in my little office room now so kz
okay I know I love it how's your head
yeah is it when I touch it now is fine
is it you just got a bit of an egg on
there is it time yeah tutorial we were
laughing because mark was like my Harry
for me no it's just like I'm about to
put some makeup on which is why we're up
here
oh she's so cute
anyway we're gonna put a little record
on on me record player lime on one we've
gone for Taylor Swift so pop that on
there let's turn it on
we're and then you lift it like that and
then you place it down there we go
makeup is done I'm using a ring light
which I bought quite recently and I just
feel like you can really see makeup very
well in a ring light you know what I
mean I think because it's a circle it
lights all areas of the face because it
goes under your chin as well yeah
so I have kind of orange e Goldy eyes a
nude lip bit of bronzer and I'm all good
look at you they're in the back room
hello hello I've just been sitting here
I was quite quick we have a new vibe
gets involved but yeah we were talking
about all things life like serious I'm
serious
yeah the only serious time or off-camera
aren't they oh yeah we never film us
having serious traps you guys probably
think that me and Mark are complete
nutters and I don't blame you for
finding her because we do have the best
time but we're not like that
all the time we would literally just not
be able to hang out we would do be
sourced ourselves previous and I do
think the reason I have bloodshot eyes
is because I've been cry laughing so
much but there are times where we can
just sit and chill edit on our laptops
watch the TV have serious chat
yeah you know but it's a great great
finance a great bother it's a great
balance crazy and cat no no casual crazy
casual you crazy and calm yeah yeah yeah
so with one extreme and then with the
other yeah I even looking at our viewers
this slight he's not gonna look at me
we've decided to come out for a little
walk I I mean I'm not being funny but
why do my I say that's a gender wash I'm
picking up a ticket I'll be picking up
dog food
Oh No so we take another on a walk look
come here
oh my God look at my eyes today oh we're
all wearing alfea's much yay
because alfie has just released his
merchandise let me see mark do you best
modeling oh yeah you two stand together
Mulla Mulla leave the dog alone come on
it's like a kite she's so funny look at
these two just playing catch with a bag
of poo you Alfie come on pick that up
right now we need to find a big yes we
do and Nala needs to stop if you're
going to run because I was like nerf
things ago that whistle when you say
okay this is why we keep not on a long
lead because she would be gone with that
dog otherwise
what y'all let's do it oh I was joking
right you look like
Nullah come on come on in right oh my
god
anyway I want to take mark on these are
no look they're under construction my
favorite ones these ones though they're
like exercise things in the park
so yeah myself mark and Alfie have all
got Abby's match on because I don't know
if I just said everything's gonna bit
crazy once you got my cover up
Alfie's much went on sale today so he's
got seven new items in his shop I'll
leave a little link in the description
all I do is take a legit nearly just
broke my arm
he's got 17 origins in his shop so I am
wearing the jumper marks also got the
jumper um now he's got the hoodie on and
we didn't mean to be a walking advert
but it just kind of happened
three two one take off is that what you
do yeah
it's lifting you yeah you have to do
four feet up yeah oh wait oh is it hard
look another what is she doing oh if
you're just smelling this dog way uh-oh
look a little me okay oh my god it's so
cute is that Abby Jean making friends
yeah you're need don't ride the doggy
out Nala she's not sure if she
nunna come on look at these two balance
which you can't take them anywhere good
oh yeah yeah yeah mark no you'll be
throwing the stones away yet then you
can't do it we've decided but those
lucky stones from the beach and not very
lucky right because actually all you've
done is hurt yourself
I've been shat on since you found them
so we're going to throw them away I
think background oh yeah meet up over
there
Oh Oh my friends come on you I love the
park
go on get those guns on on working sue
again I can't see you
okay I get you I wish I could do all
their up in a cheeky G&T
yeah it's nice my mate gave me some
brown brain bran it's bigger than that
once you've got yellow ready they run
late okay
so we're playing this thing this is the
question a farmer had 15 sheep and all
but eight died how many are left and I
know the answer already but I want a
comment down below what you think it is
I want mark to let me know what he
thinks it mama had 15 sheep and all but
I died how many left eight why is that
look it buddy came there are seven honey
honey just realizing hey Shanna
yeah one second ago because I read the
last bit how many are left a farmer had
15 sheep and all but died originally all
but died over over I don't
Oh
um sorry I thought it was seven look at
this new tactic so I multiply I
subtracted 15 and I which was seven and
then I read how many are left but if
somebody told you that 80 left
yeah it's wrong what you know named a
little secret
we're watching hocus pocus Alfie is
still playing with that play you can do
it no yeah go on then put in his mouth
earlier you put the pressure on of 10
million people yeah yeah you ready
no no well done such a little show-off
you know officer shows off when they do
that you get a catch your head change
that's why spur hard yeah see not bear
the boxplot not an egg oh wow I just
don't know if we should give up on these
now we're getting really good I don't
know ever that's just down to trial and
error as well I mean next one is getting
good and then there's getting question
okay he games there's only the right
answer there you're third place right
now in a race what place are you in when
you pass the person in second place mark
or sorry lap up right this one's for you
your third place in a race right now
what place are you in when you pass the
person in second when your third place
yep first first play yeah sure about a
million percent wrong I if you're in
third and you pass the person in second
you're not first you're second oh yeah
I'm
you know look I just have my me barking
Molly's here now alive and we've all got
a gbk I have not had one of these in so
long
good shout wait whose idea was gbk
Polly's definitely not someone you
someone's idea these things are the best
in the world
this is an elderflower fears if you ever
go in gbk you need to get one of these I
love also going back all the headshot
before we met the order didn't tell
anyone else that well sorry um and I've
gone for a chicken burger with the ever
so delicious garlic mayo which stays in
your breath for at least two days and
the skinny chips which are the best
which they don't have in Ireland we
realized No well we went into a gbk in
the center of Dublin and it didn't have
skinny Versace because like skin on fry
but not skinny bitch so I don't know if
you do have them anywhere in Ireland but
in the Dublin branch they did not have
any what's Primark called pennies mmm
yeah
pennies and they don't have super drug
Molly just loves white yeah welcome wait
God point right over fader
we went out yesterday in Charley's
Emporium these were the selection of
sweets who picked up these are the ones
that mark says made his tongue bleed no
are you excited yeah I wanted to try to
lay there like yeah I've had them before
I've got lots of different good yeah but
I had one and then a second one and
might have my right yeah
my talent so my template we're gonna try
them I'm very excited I think we should
start off like with yes oh we gotta grab
yeah we should graduate taste gooks if
you ruin your tongue straightway one of
them exactly but if you run out of this
this is milk flavor so calm yeah like
chewy and hung out Chilean yeah yeah
yeah it looks very cautious hmm
do you know like that yeah that's awful
this is like deflate dis flavor to it
okay yeah like a pile of them I don't
know why's that they were chocolate
mm-hmm now let's go for some of these
red velvet okay are they taste familiar
really familiar actually oh it's got a
weird like aftertaste I could eat
another one like vomit
fake chocolate oh no no I didn't rape
them there's no one getting that weird
aftertaste remark ah do not like that
all my god it could go to battle okay
let me do it guys this is one massive
innuendo suck your sugar yeah that's
okay it's not which is really lovely I
would walk around town just spray it in
my mouth casually
it's not like delicious now that's why
you something that you know you suggest
for the gornak marks go straight in sour
no no this is very great lovely though
oh-ho it's like that snapchat filter
yeah laugh it up
wait yellow was that mean
blue balls recent probably the strongest
Harlan oh really yeah I find them the
strongest oh we're late blue Audrey oh
no I don't want lemon mouth is what
we're thinking about the counter we went
to the ball outside hmm
we just reduce our Oh when he was piling
them on the sky oh yeah oh my god our
mouths we're going crazy
painting I do that it all right what are
you doing it once know what you have to
move it down oh no you're gonna die give
it an air like on your back though
you're gonna die my daughter go Mia
one's gonna right but why don't you
crack it the stuff in there mmm good
you're still shall we start lid wash
everything two shots at once no nice
blade yeah we fine rolls brain-o gonna
please give a moment at your voice
please if the one school no I don't want
to be in most hours okay
tastes like asshole you ready three
so no no hang on okay the right
so ah I'm driven how's it possible no
you give em like like then I'll come on
do it give it a gone good shirt away it
wasn't you kill you know just what about
following my minimize fall then I'll
suspect all my side oh yeah sweet little
yellow to me Oliver it's bleeding Oh
yours or yours long on it well it was so
sick of this way past my bedtime
oh we've just had Thumbelina wrong
probably one of the best films in the
world just gonna throw that out there
I'm still hungry
I don't know why look at you look like
Dobby when you guys go down like that
hmm if you like your flocks have you
ever seen cocktails I want to say yes
that's what the lost lamb but our blonde
is the same color yeah we like brother
and sister turns I know damn what we
were just doing on Twitter we were
looking at UM my old photos and so his
own photos and we crane came across okay
though he find it I said I might I do it
all the time we came across the first
tweets I sent to Zoey about her seeing
web product review so it would make my
absolute lie if you can see this video I
made for you
and then what as I was going through all
my tweets I said to have
we were friends it was so awkward I was
like punching the pillows I was like so
like and then she was screen showing
them so she's gonna hold you against me
I would it to be fair I won't even like
that you aren't even that bad you were
just like hey check out my media yeah it
could have been like oh my god I'm
begging you I'm a whip hunts and needs
I'm in the street and instead of sending
it like six times you could send it like
six times every hour yeah you know I
mean day three by day three Zoe please
check out my video please I'm begging
you Zoe
just watch it we hope you've enjoyed our
vlogs from the past two days we've had a
lot of fun where I have a car missing I
had so much fun too much fun I'm
actually Biggs all today yeah I'm
actually looking forward to leaving
tomorrow
I just can't laugh anymore like I'm
legit pulled muscles in my stomach
yeah and your eyes yeah and then of like
birth blood vessels in my eyes yeah I've
had my ribs I've had my head my elbow
you need to dispose of those wrong yo
get rid of the rocks tomorrow he's gonna
take them back I'm gonna say I'm rich on
the way home we're gonna stop
observation just frozen in the safe so
if anyone sees a little mini Imperial
rock jellybean Rock don't pick them up
they're bad luck decided the rocks are
bad luck bad omens anyway really hope
you enjoyed the video give it a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and I'm sure we
will see you again soon good bye bye bye
