magic mom months is this a Christmas
song it isn't it is it it's like old
kind of crusty names are you doing an
old man's voice oh yeah Rafi Rafi no
crusty everybody I'm vlogging today I
don't know if this is my new camera or
not but this is the one I used at
Christmas and I can't remember how
depressing is Elif so but my little
Christmas is over
look at him he's lost an arm sorry
haven't logged in ages Marcus got his
come around who's that vlogging today
and I was like I should probably lock
you know I need to just pick my camera
do it because I've got like the fear of
vlogging I basically just put this
camera down after vlogmas and forgot
about it we're gonna have some fun zzzz
today so what would take you with me
because I know you'll be really annoyed
if I don't be a marksman playing the
game would you stay with my friend is
does anyone else to play that game
please tell me you do you still my
friend if I don't say this yes so stroke
would you still be my friend if I dance
like this you did you know definitely
right let's go shall we have already
films like three minutes so much
laughter Alice is the worst day to do a
smoky eye because it's all just been
blown off
hello so he's just gonna get the aux
cable walks like how I'm talking to you
I hope you enjoyed this day with me as
Eric what we ate on my own nope I look
like a librarian Hey oh I can't turn it
off now just having a little chat when a
maybe oh no keep it
I can see oh I I was seeing in your
moment and then I side my man it excites
again Sun can be strong I go every man
movie worth
oh my god I do that I sing that oh my
god I thought I was the only one I
always go beauty that is so weird you
know the words to this Oh aren't you
smile you in the nose I'm Way too
nervous to get higher or hate yet in
this week on Randa every woman's day is
me you're seeing and I kiss your eyes
and thank God
time
yeah
and of course next night hahahaha
unbreak my heart say you love me again
oh I'm gonna make him love was just love
that goes days are gone
oh yeah
Oh
a baby snake thank you needed anyone
making love was just over guess what
what those days you'll get it huh
Silvana dog gone tires the waterfalls
man my man famiiy mama so I left my
phone in my car me and Mark got Alfie's
office and I couldn't call him to say
like I said because he doesn't have a
buzzer so we had to tweet from Mark's
account but now we're up here hello
Alfie deyes and look who's here just my
other favorite person from Brighton
we've got very nice warm face so a
fiance having a little work day very
productive of you both very proud very
proud big white they're filming a lot
awesome Griffin massive drinks pinata
China
thanks so much small Zowie down gone
what isn't it now United just ring cap
then you'll know why it's small have a
big old set I actually like that yeah I
know it's so good I get one every day
he's supposed to shut air or not cuz is
this mine so no are you supposed to I
don't know it's called it oh my god
Alfie look evil
I honestly thought someone was up here
well I'm gonna have a game with you on
this ping pong table it over it's called
ping pong table it depends oh hey man
no it's not is it
yeah no it's not my whole life is a lie
what's worse same fish
oh my god I thought a test you picked up
on to the other side pin from every
shortcut your own side first
yeah
any of you aren't aware mark is how tall
are you 6 foot 4 this bike is not that
then this is the smallest bike you got
tried actually Pedder what's it I don't
know I can't even do it and I'm how
about if I hold all right over there
builder it's like yeah that's the that I
don't like yeah put me on and I and
there's now how do you plan on me doing
that like that no push that legs out to
the side
do you remember what happened last time
I try this in that shop in town oh
you're not giving you can't pedal then
because your knees are forward it's hard
I can't do that but well done mark yeah
the only person that can actually ride
it me and Mark have come in here
chocolate what we do now which I don't
go into very often for you but look how
cool it is in here
like it's very cool what you got there
Oh fresh lemon odd line good so good we
were so good oh no sure what is Newgate
oh yeah nugget nugget you say nugaru
nugget nugget nugget yeah Cheers
you in a club I am in a chocolate coma I
can feel like chocolate it's been stuck
in chocolate it was really nice it's
cool in there it feels very nice
Valentine's II because it's all like
Rare doing like chocolate hearts and
it's really cool you ever Brighton check
it out buy some chocolate have a hot
chocolate cuz they're very good and now
we are going to walk from the lanes of
it there's that horrible rain look like
spits at you let me prolly though
clothes prolly yeah first thing you
bought okay go get falling oh my god can
we go get them things done what's that
it's like a big hair yeah okay let's
head that way let's do it you mark have
come in to climb over got the e sound
like you're from London I should get the
equal yeah yeah go on
Michael what it's terrifying
Jesus is that for your office yourself
Shinae my favorite IV rat oh I've got me
hair
oh it's elastic it yeah I love these I
was really wrong
okay guys these and a finished photos I
love them push it
I like that one because we were like
genuinely laughing don't make I do love
these I love that half that one's pretty
nice I love that one as well that last
one yeah I like this one too amazed I
love them
if any of you were wondering where we
just decided in the lane in there yes
amazing is so good yeah it was really
cool and they've got color they've got
color base and they've got black and
white boots so you've got the option so
use means likewise I do love black and
white photo so I feel like like more
treasure of all yeah in some weird way
yes
tonight they look cooler on your wall
yeah
Gail chill chill sounds good yeah
oh my god fresh all of you brung oh well
I didn't even I think when it blew up
it must be gone down labor oh you're
free pound umbrella is just a little bit
crap it's letting me down hey I just
literally just like carrying it like hey
nothing it was good nothing to see here
little mini bar oh oh brother
Oh shiny forhead - sure oh it's not such
and cockney to hear it yeah just
something mrs. bow say you saw that
about right you
I love how we can have really like the
deepest chalice I was I'm did finish one
side you're like the devious chars and
then B knows oh my goodness this song
I'll do anything just to live one day in
those shoes oh my god
try your eyes night I know include see
the hammer that's it nice job buddy more
fish in this say your sex is on fire oh
this song
this is done PR is compiled of oh my god
but it don't speak
you they meant to be Gaza for teddy
Vitaly oh yeah baby G's for me oh I wish
it were simple but we give up easily to
see them the other side the world to me
it's not like really crazy stuff she
sure
to worry about right tippy toes tippy
toes
I'm worried I'm worried about right I
don't know someone to worry about don't
worry I got a whole lotta history you
bein brainy's clean that the world has
ever seen
closer for shoes away God oh so sorry
history
sent away to another house he's lying
he said they got they got sent to
another house so I'd to know what house
yeah shut the door he must have fought I
was about how would I know
yeah he said oh I did see some flowers
and then he was just like and then bang
get a shot up and then open it was just
like no God deliver to another house
they got sent on or something when you
got me a flower drama for your blog
we're home now and with chillin I've
just watched the first video that mark
ever uploaded which is actually on
private but I sort of asked if he could
show me that video maker and we're now
watching a simple wish which is a film I
used to watch when I was so much younger
and it brings back so many good memories
look at it does anyone else remember
this film me and Joe used to watch this
father stuff from friends isn't it oh
really
oh yeah Kathleen Turner is that think
any so we're gonna watch that we've got
some little Marmite flatbreads because I
was overloaded on chocolate I need
something savory
I do feel my coworkers but this is kinda
like a late lunch
early dinner we have only had time to be
fair yeah maybe we should just get
something then yeah we need to eat
you're right there mark yeah good
another film as we said we just watched
Amy oh that was a sad film was Nizam
very sad
mark needs it midair Lopes you know I
literally love Amy Winehouse so much as
well it's a really good film if any of
you haven't seen it yet very interesting
me and Mark were just saying like I kind
of remember it all happening at the time
but not the extent that it was actually
happening I guess
and but yeah it was really really
interesting very very sad film why don't
you come on over Valerie what you chew
it chew it you are listen it yeah my
toilet roll is centered it loads yet yes
all that you zoom in even yeah 9 you
know what was really weird the last time
we were blocking I've never been blocked
before that's why I was a bit like oh
really yeah no-one's I've never been in
anyone elses vlog it's always been me
vlogging oh yeah like I'm really saved
it enough you are a minute guy I'll
probably start filming you trying to
blow your nose now it's just chopping
away beautiful I can hear your glow
I was like hey hey alright I went with
their I was like I should probably of
his not actually I think you might
notice it because I flipped the screen
up you probably wouldn't have if I
didn't fit a screener Oh exciting
because I saw an inflection damnit
oh listen what you're a bit blurry just
a lot there you go
bye thank you for coming thank you for
having me over
oh thanks for having me I've had so much
fun coming um see smaller than yep I'll
be back tomorrow be behind tomorrow no I
love ya tomorrow you're only a dry what
oh it's um shadows now me I've lost me
bro this is what happens you come here
you lose your bloody mind
yeah you actually do say goodbye now ah
oh oh
have you got your sanity that's the most
important thing okay I'll keep that safe
here then look guys because I hit 10
million subscribers recently I've been
getting lots of flower delivery so I got
these ones from my mum and they are
gorgeous and I think these are from
YouTube let me see yes thank you so much
guys look how beautiful both bunches of
flowers are and I also have um a package
which I'm gonna open with you guys
because it looks very interesting well
there's another card in here
that's some gorgeous peeps at YouTube's
and thank you very much what's in here
oh my goodness Nullah bear oh my god
guys oh my god it's a little dog hoodie
and it says YouTube and then it says
Nala on the back oh my goodness Nala
bear look at you
oh my god thanks thank you I can't
handle it
let me pull the head back up oh my god
thank you so much guys look how cute oh
do we have a matching one oh my god guys
I've got matching hoodie with Nala and I
also have this which is like a big old
frame let's open this that's so cool
it's a little thing of Nala
but it's been done by an artist called
Nick Oliver it's you go looking at that
yeah that's so lovely oh my god I love
that so much thank you so much guys I
absolutely love them all all three of
them I am so super tired so super tired
I've had a really really lovely time
with mark we get on so well and he's
just one of those people that you just
instantly feel completely comfortable
around and you can just be completely
yourself and it's so refreshing
and lovely like I can't think of another
word
lovely lovely is the word it's just
really nice to spend time with him and
um yeah just had a really great couple
of days away right let's go up to bed
