good morning everybody look I've woken
up I could just make them I'm it goes I
stayed here last night
we've come to see him we've come to film
a very cool video so Joseph had a
delivery of this chair and I want you to
get inside this little thing like a
little talker
yeah look it's like a little shell in
the dog things I do right put your arms
out the front oh love it so Joe when we
get back we'll this chair be done oh yes
yeah wait our bone more your coccyx bone
more courses at my back my back Shawn
blade your back shoulder legs your spine
much pain and myself and our fear after
the gleam office because I haven't
actually been to the new offices yet and
so we're going to go there and have a
little look around
so hello to peeps Alfie's got a meeting
but I don't really come to London that
much because I find it really scary and
really stressful so I'm gonna attempt to
go into central and we'll soon see how
this goes you'll realize nothing well
soon see is that ugly mug you can't see
oh oh your stuff in my bag this is what
this is only a recent addition I thought
I've only just been added to the family
everyone else's that you've you were
that first look at the wall it might be
nowhere near as good as yours to come in
there yeah much better man I just
crashed
Alfie Marcus's meeting didn't go well no
did it go well we're vacuum we sat and
watched old hears that I'm listed like
hidden I love those I wish you could
give me the link - what - we are
unlisted me no I'm not I would love that
I feel like I saved a link of bin man
somewhere no sorry sorry
there's Joe and Caspar as well what's
this for
yeah den really knows did it have a
Christmas tree in it doesn't look very
Christmasy look at that point for that
base we now need to go to crumbs and
doilies to the cup Papi's birthday cake
wait what are you putting this up after
puppies birthday okay yeah forgot about
the cake
yeah we don't know wouldn't know we
haven't got long you know I know we need
to pick the cake up and then head back
to film just really nervous European no
boy cause I don't know what talking
bobble anxious I made everyone late for
everything as always but I'm okay now
I think that's good before I leave I've
been told I need to try out the world
comfier safer during film yeah yeah I
might shake this so I'll get right in
the corners yeah take your bag off again
the cornea look a small you look look so
try this man this is bigger than a
Sophie yeah much bigger
Marcus do you think this one's comfy us
if Marcus loves are they Marcus
compromise Oh a sofa every time I come
over me fine I'm scared by John Paolo
hello just sit on it normally Zoey just
like that like it's so deep like chair
my Nana grandpa hey they'll be like oh
they don't feel like you're from there
mate you should ask you I bet I bet I
got that one guy got doing a little bit
of AB sit in a dish only for this you're
gonna little cheap figures you wanna
come quite you want one of these where
you go what beer I'm not sure that Laura
is edible
we're in Carnaby Street walk in through
London got go as quick as pumps because
Joe is waiting for us into film but it's
such a nice day and I was just saying to
Alfie I don't think I've been on Carnaby
Street for two three years maybe
being a very long time found it how cute
I think we should get them oh my
goodness that looks amazing
that looks so good okay now we have to
get that home and one thing is no
pressure Alfie but this is as delicate
as holding a new baby right now
oh my gosh so you how gorgeous is the
packaging for a freaking toilet solid
also Gemma wrote me a little note which
is so nice I wonder who she knew that
I'd ordered it
agua yeah but yes Gemma wrote me a
little note as well what does she say
said hi Zoey
how excited I hope you enjoy your cake
let me know do you fancy dinners or a
cupcake Gemma baking - laughs I love
cupcake Gemma so if you don't know
crumbs and doilies is cupcake Gemma's
store knows no no no home legit didn't
know that why do you think I was like we
need to get a cake from here because
that's so amazing
ah no it's hard she bakes me cakes and
stuff no yeah that's even better
yeah exactly so I knew that we would
have to get an amazing from stories
Papa's birthday I also picked up a few
of the mini cupcakes too because they
just looked amazing and I really want to
try them but yeah I love cupcake Gemma
if you don't watch her on YouTube I've
been watching her for like a year and a
half maybe she has the most amazing cake
tutorials and is that what you call a
cake tutorials I don't know but yeah
she's really lovely she's sort of a
baking I love to watch her to have like
her like she's quite calming to know I
really like watching because it's good
enough so hopefully we can get this back
in one piece to Brighton later admit we
well we can't put it in we got the car
it's better than the backdrop what's
that you're eating of course yeah I know
you didn't like cause yeah and now I
feel like I still don't like that why
are you cool yet salads done that's what
caused Yeti spaghetti as I could live
the Cocteau projects we get to shame so
you like it when it's in spaghetti
no just patio get me a six-pack
market tell me packet Jones so excited
I'm really good
okay we're setting up to film do you
want to explain what was filming oh well
you know if that's July trying to put
about how every now and then and we've
done a video which involves not just us
it's the collaboration with a lot of
creepy country by just critters I
present critters critters and it also
includes a blindfold so there you go you
can put two together and try and work
out what it is we're trying to do
basically Tania burst absolute nightmare
is what we were about to do Tom you're
doing this next Joe says she wouldn't I
don't think she would a reason she would
I'm really really excited / quite
nervous and I need to cover up this spot
before we film so if you could grab my
makeup bag from the critter room that
would be great this is Blowfish
and Chris and this is Roo Roo the owl
look how beautiful he is doesn't want to
look at the camera he's not a camera
I'm making a fist and then like only got
some more elbow to the side is it
lowered that's right come back to my
just in case again it said to Jeff
recently sizing monstro fly just stake
stage you are you'd be fine with it
enables crowd he's a more proud of the
yeah play out but she he's bigger than
you doing me this is fun baby you're
fine
it's amazing I just know he's fine he's
only it's like a friendly kind of nibble
it's actually a good thing if he nipples
oh very so you imagine yeah
I mean I said Royals don't tend to get
that big but you know the big snakes
like I mean certainly when I when I was
holding up their knees I wasn't holding
the Burmese it was holding making yeah I
mean the the main body of the snake at
that size is I mean my I've got big
thighs yes I'm a Bobby Saints way
they're gonna not say it's okay
I'm not kidding the main body the
Burmese wasp because you're very slim at
you the same time as the makeup they
just have me they would have just taken
you for a kick oh yeah yeah you know
seeing the videos have been eating like
a whole deer sensor
well maybe Oh what's up in Anchorage
okay how did that go what the filming oh
so good
isn't it so different my usual video
obviously is nobody like me I'm a mate
smoking around with me on my own trying
to muck around my own or me and you
mucking around yeah and this is like
it's like I've actually like no hats I
organize stuff just like scary yeah
oh it's very good it's so good to like I
don't have any phobias now I do but yeah
yeah because actually there was a lot of
creepy crawlies and like critters in the
video that we held and it was just so
fascinating it was like I think not
knowing what's being put in your hands
though is quite terrifying terrifying
yeah yeah yeah I understand but if there
was if there was a rat there you would
have freaked out you think no is shocked
at how well you took actually no I was
gonna say what which one freaked me out
the most you have to watch the video
which may already be out by the time you
watch this actually so I will leave a
link in the description box
will you though make sure does channel I
will I'll leave a link in the
description box to the description box
go down for the video and leave a
comment saying well done Zoe you did you
get it right I'm sorry
well done oh you did it right for the
linking oh I get you well now it's time
to try these mini cupcakes and crumbs
and doilies because look how cute this
packaging is because they looked so good
on a fun fact
yeah that's the plan of cupcakes that's
not really a fun fact cookies I love for
the American cookies like the ones I
baked and stuff you're like okay hey no
not so you don't want too much icing on
non of cake that make sense well you've
been going to the wrong place ready yeah
we'll see we're back we're about to find
out
Jerry's new chair it's so cool
bouncy you definitely this is not gonna
snug I really like it yeah
so come right outside this is called
summer in summer what's that film from
what's that song from what film is that
song from rising Seven Brothers
no it's frozen your favorite have you
seen it that's terrifying
I'm Joe's prop covered is it we're not
covered like top hats Darth Vader mask
it's my favorite
hello
no but not I think the scariest one is
that one you put on dad in that video
oh yeah notice the scariest one but that
one this yep Jen looked it up okay
Oh shred Martin this bed looks quite
like his life Oh creepy really creepy
you make it cool horrible yeah that's
the that's the scariest one I just don't
know why I find that so creepy
I'm going to eat your kidneys oh I hate
that
uh-huh that's good you liked it a happy
little elf you look at the tree frog as
a tree yeah it's cupcake time do you
want a cupcake
what is this
no one wants a cupcake and I'm just sat
with Joe and his mate Luis who I've
known since he was a wee lad first let
you must have been me a loser rugby to
go here with us live in 2013-14 but also
you would have been in year 8 winner
around firstly reporting basically was
the main point I mean didn't you run
either one like okay Riley cryin all the
time yet was me another wasn't used to
run around in become winner first yeah
oh he was the bull boy I was the thing
is they love this as well or half close
and I actually I'm clueless we are cool
too well for any of you they didn't know
that me Joe are a whole - well yeah
grandad is bones dad's dad yeah so I
think maybe they were brothers maybe
we're related oh nice man Jackie no I'm
not go
a few months ago so I turn this off
yeah like a Ghostbuster
you look a little bit scary if your eyes
opened she's so tired
Oh
