good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 23
not feeling as bad as yesterday I didn't
sleep all that well is very broken sleep
and I've been a bit snotty but I'm dosed
up
I've got like I never drink a coke and
I'm craving a coke with ice so I'm
hoping that's gonna do something and I'm
all wrapped up this jump is from Zara
actually this was one of the things that
I ordered I love it I do think it's very
big and baggy but I think that's what I
need right now I'm just about to start
editing yesterday's vlog and I also have
a video to edit of me and Joe later so
hopefully I'll get a bit of time to do
that and then we have to do lots and
lots of Christmas preparation we need to
go into the food shop which I'm actually
quite excited to do I really hope that
everything we need is there I'm assuming
that we will have no trouble there but
yeah I'm really excited to do that I'm
going to make up the Christmas Eve boxes
which I'm really excited to do and we've
got some presents to wrap and then I
ordered a couple of bits from Topshop
shop put chopped I ordered a couple of
bits from Topshop so I'll probably open
those with you guys as well and yeah I'm
not gonna like push myself too much
today but there is a lot to do which I'm
really aware of but you know I feel like
most things are done like I need to make
up the Christmas table which I really
don't think will take me that long and
then tomorrow it's Christmas Eve and
we're spending most of the day at a
Mandarin Nick's which I'm really excited
about that's the plan for this morning
we also need to do a tip run because we
have the piano boxes which are fairly
large taking up a lot of room in the
pantry so we need to sort that out yeah
all good just finished editing my vlog
and it was only 14 minutes long I don't
remember the last time I uploaded a vlog
that was 14 minutes I'm sorry if any of
you wanted it to be longer but honestly
the fact that I even filmed anything
yesterday evening I was gonna open my
Topshop order but I just fell straight
and was basically like sleeping in a
puddle of my own sweat which is probably
TMI but that is how it happened so yeah
for any of you that really like the
blogs being long I'm sorry that that one
wasn't as long I mean it still had some
nice bits in though so I still really
liked it and I guess for those of you
that hate that my vlogs are so long you
probably really enjoyed yesterday's
block I mean to somehow find like a
happy medium like somewhere in the
middle maybe like 20 minutes max I'm
watching Nigella's Christmas table
what's it called
no gelas gelas Christmas table yeah
very festive I love a bit of Nigella
these are the Christmas Eve boxes that
we bought from Paper Chase they've just
got like green green foliage on so I'm
gonna make these up now because they're
all flat pack so if any of you saw my
DIY Christmas got a country boy I called
it DIY Christmas bits and pieces then
you will have seen me doing some of the
Christmas Eve boxes or I did one
Christmas Eve box as an example and
that's what I'm doing here so I've got
three for the boys Shawn Nick and Alfie
and then three for me poppy and Amanda
obviously it's not gonna have all of the
things that I put in the Christmas Eve
box because I feel like that was more
like universe aww whereas I think
because we're all adults it can be
slightly different but I have some of
the bits here that I am putting in these
are the shoes that I bought from the
garden centre that you may remember
which I'm sure I just noticed this one
has a bell missing I think these ones
are mine oh no they're not
oh sorry whoever has a bell missing I
think we probably won't wear these all
day because it will irritate everybody
won't it none of those ones are mine
I've got the slippers I've got these for
our pajamas we can't really all have
kind of mess those up these are from
ASOS they're there Chelsea Piers pajamas
there
like this Navy with a lovely rose gold
foil with gingerbreadmen stars and
Christmas trees so I've got those for
the girls and Alfie's bought the boy's
pajamas and then I bought the boys these
face masks Barbra Pro foaming cleansing
mask bubbling cleansing mask with
activated charcoal and then I bought the
girls these which I thought was so cool
star skin revamping melt away lace eye
masks I just thought they looked really
cool so we've got those and then I mean
there seems to be a lot of chocolate I
feel like Christmas is a time where
chocolate is quite heavy but I think I
went a bit overboard on the chocolate
actually I got these from Harvey Nicks
these are the comparte chocolatier
chocolates they have some really cool
flavors so this one is cereal bowl white
chocolate marshmallows cornflakes and
cereal and then this one is biscuits and
honey dark chocolate biscuits and honey
cookies and cream dark and white
chocolate cookies the packaging is so
pretty of these chocolates Pina Colada
milk chocolate pineapple coconut and rum
and then the last one is dark chocolate
and pretzels California love or so I
need to work out who is gonna want which
chocolate bar because there are some
people who prefer dark chocolate over
milk chocolate cetera et cetera so we'll
see but I'm gonna at least start putting
the girls ones and now I think a
selection pack I don't know whether to
put these in the stockings or in the
Christmas Eve boxes but I bought these
ones for like the children the children
the younger ones and then for Nick and
Amanda I bought these because these
looked so cool look their selection
boxes but they're all like the classic
chocolate bars and with all the plastic
packaging I just thought they were so
cool I don't know if they'll fit in
there oh they might fit in the pack I
think everyone needs a selection box and
also chocolate coins but I'm gonna put
these in the stockings oh and then
definitely went over metropolis so good
job we don't have to eat all of this at
Christmas I mean some people will but
I'll probably save them some like retro
looking sampler chocolate lollipops so
I'm just gonna pop one of those each in
stocking as well box number one
which you like pina colada which one
would you like
I think papi will like dark chocolate
and pretzel so I'm gonna pop that in
there and I'm also gonna put a bath bomb
in there as well
Oh face mask there we go right that's
everything I have for now
that's Papi's box I should probably put
labels on them so I don't forget who's a
tooth
and now this is the fun bit where I get
to pick my own shop flirt I'm gonna go
for the cereal bowl I think that sounds
very fun I also think Shawn would like
the cereal bowl okay now who's gonna
want what I think Alfie would you like
the sound of most dark chocolate and
pretzels white chocolate marshmallows
cornflakes and cereal milk chocolate
pineapple coconut and rum pina colada or
cookies and cream dark and white
chocolate cookies cookies and cream
maybe Nick would want pina colada
sure I'm now gonna distribute these into
the stockings
whilst I wait for Alfie to finish his
edit I have put the Grinch on and I'm
gonna have a little look through the
Radio Times when I was younger I used to
highlight all the programs that I really
wanted to watch me and Joe would sit
down and flick through and make a note
of everything now I'm older and I have
sky I'm gonna look in here find
something that I want to watch and then
I'm gonna hit it to record on here
oh how being an adult changes things and
also just having sky when we were
younger we recorded things from the TV
onto DVD or VHS before that but you have
to be very selective and you could only
do that with like one thing that's on TV
at one time the yeah anything I see in
here I'm gonna set it to record on TV
because as I was saying I don't really
oh we're gonna loved this program this
was delicious
I left that doily French oh I just love
Don French so much she is so amazing you
know I look through this and I'm very
excited films today
I so wish we could just sit in and just
watch films all day but look Harry
Potter which i think is on now and what
else did I just say
frozen Hunger Games Catching Fire yes
would so watch that Despicable Me yes
yeah already some great things on today
Christmas Eve Harry Potter in the
Chamber of Secrets love it Bugsy Malone
oh my god the Santa Claus the borrower's
Scrooge all there's more The Muppets
Christmas Carol so I have actually
resisted watching this because I'm
saving it for Christmas Eve I'm actually
saving it to watch it here because it is
honestly one of my absolute favorite
Christmas films and it's the only one I
save for Christmas even that's the only
time I'll watch it which makes it I
think that little bit more special there
on dippity oh my god great film
I actually made Marc watch that recently
and he loved it so many Christmas Day
okay let's see what films we have on on
Christmas Day the B movie amazing group
amazing Seven Brides for Seven Brothers
turn our film is on that is not a
Christmassy film I wonder why they put
that on there
Toy Story 3 I feel like there's always a
Toy Story on a Christmas Harry Potter
Oliver okay great
they put Oliver on last year because I
think I remember watching at home alone
amazing
Cinderella amazing Miracle on 34th
Street yes the holiday ah Santa Claus
Beauty and the Beast
oh that's a great thing Boxing Day this
is the one day where literally all we do
is sit down and watch films on the TV
and eat all the leftover food
I think Boxing Day is probably Christmas
Eve Christmas Day and Boxing Day
collectively are definitely three of my
favorite days of the year Christmas Eve
I think is full of excitement Christmas
Day I love Christmas Day but I do think
I prefer Christmas Eve Christmas Day
just because you have the excitement and
then actually on Christmas Day you're
like oh it's over like this like there's
a big part of you that's quite sad but
this is it now and then Boxing Day
I love Boxing Day it was always the day
where you would play with your toys get
everything out the leftover food but I
just feel like it's such a chill day
because it's like everything that you've
been preparing for Christmas Day it's
all done and now you can kind of relax I
think I'm a big fan of Boxing Day so
anything that's on unboxing day I'll be
back oh my god okay they've definitely
ramped the film's up for Boxing Day
there's so many Shawn sheet movie
Paddington ET Mary Poppins The Little
Mermaid oh my god there's so many but
back to the future Dirty Dancing Four
Weddings and a funeral Sherlock Holmes
all this so many Titanic yeah okay I'm
really happy with that there's quite a
few things I want to record so I'm gonna
have oh I've heard quite a lot about
this actually the miniaturist which is a
drama every shot of this handsome
adaptation of Jessie battens bestseller
the
looks like the work of a Dutch old
master with its flickering candles and
houses full of shadows I've heard that
this is meant to be really good so I'm
definitely gonna record that also not
forgetting the Christmas special of cool
the Midwife also just noticed this the
great christmas bake-off yeah how many
things can you record at one time on sky
because I think I've got a lot that I
want to record okay I'm now going to
write up the list of everything we need
from the supermarket so I cannot leave
anything out okay where to start
okay list is done I think we're good now
to brave this you can mark it one thing
that did arrive in the PIO box but I
thought I would show before we put this
cardboard box to the tip all the
recycling we was quite the tip but
people might not know what we mean is
this little box for Percy Nana always
get sent so many gifts in the PIO box
look at that he's actually going to love
it oh my god what is this a picky weight
lifter vegetable kabob maker oh my god
it's like a circus range that is so cute
what's this Oh
Cavey cannonball this is so cool and
then we have oh this is the food we buy
him amazing who's this from oh it's from
Burgess we saw your recent vlogger over
the moon that you'd like a guinea pig
food we thought we'd send your piggy
some treats for Christmas we'd love to
work with you in the future to improve
awareness beginni pig welfare a cute
thank you so much Burgess Percy is going
to love all this stuff we've opened a
lot of these doors but we haven't given
her all the treats because it's quite
it's quite a lot isn't it but I have
just opened which is the owner just
opened this one there we go
sit sit good girl
ego no I've really enjoyed giving her
this little treats calendar night and
you've really enjoyed it guys I've just
realized I look like sadness from inside
out today
like the resemblance is uncanny we are
now at the tip Alfie's emptying the car
what a love I would normally help but I
feel so rough I just sit out there I
think we might apply a thermometer
because I'm hot in places I'm not
normally hot like behind my ears is like
burning and this whole journey I had to
have the window wide open just cuz I'm
so so hot like I'm sweating I should
probably take this jump off but
underneath it so I can't be doing that
you okay back there
I can't hear me right
we need a trolley I want to get one from
down there okay well this is what I
didn't want to happen
Brussels sprouts Oh God
none no Brussels sprouts okay okay what
what we're all red you've been defeated
where's the parsnip so anything there's
any parsnips either off
no parsnips no FIGS no Brussels sprouts
your M&S list is getting a bit long past
its and sprouts a bloody new we left it
too late I just knew it Happy's like who
even like sprout they are a very festive
vegetable though there are no sprouts
shop is done that there are a few bits
that we couldn't get which I've circled
but now he's heading into town so I'm
gonna have to give you this list and
they're gonna have all your normal mode
on now there's like five things and
we're done I've just realized as people
are watching this is Christmas Eve
because it's Christmas Eve Eve like the
evening as well oh I really hope you're
all having like the best day so far and
that you're all gonna have the best
evening as Christmas Eve really is oh
that's the most exciting day I'm saying
that earlier seems the watch play with
all the toys and stuff you get except no
one gets toys now as adults apart from
you yeah to be fair do you know what I
would actually be on oh yeah technically
but I would actually be so happy if I
got like Lego or something for Christmas
cuz I love building Lego because that's
something that you would do on Boxing
Day
you'd fit and build the Lego smash Lego
and you know why I think I like it
because it's a bit like a puzzle when
you're doing it you're not thinking
about anything else
I've been quite a lot of adults like
Lego you know architectural like oh
that's really popular yeah I don't know
if I wanted to be that advanced I do
feel like the Lego has to be a little
bit challenging though however when I
bought Darcy that frozen no it was a
little mermaid let go I really enjoyed
building that with her and that wasn't
hard yes Christmas tunes how he keeps
trying to change
Christmas tunes over to something else
and I'm like there's just two more days
of Christmas cheer Christmas tunes from
my phone but when you have on your
Christmas radio any of them know like
really weird old ones they do you have
some great ones but every time we see
the 10 the radio and it's a really
random ones is singing like the most
random stuff but you know this one of
course
finished editing at my Christmas Eve
IDEO with Joe that took me a while
because I had to put in all the bits we
were talking about so I had to try and
find them and then make them sync up oh
sorry dark there we go I am starting to
feel all kinds of shivery again and that
is one thing I always find with like flu
virus or cold virus or any kind of virus
why is it always worse in the evenings
and the mornings is it because that's
when you're tired so therefore your body
is not fighting it as much I've just
never to know I've never thought about
it but it I feel like it's so true so
I'm under a blanket see I was boiling
hot earlier and I'm freezing cold got
the fire on I'm under a blanket and I've
got Nala lying next to me she's like my
personal hot water bottle and my
laptop's really warm on my on my lap my
laptop oh I knew that I need to wrap
some presents and alfea's actually in
town so do i wrap some of alphas last
presents now or wrap the piano I feel
like I can wrap the piano tomorrow but I
probably should wrap the one last
present Alfie doesn't know about before
he gets back
Alfie hopefully has found some sprout in
town isn't that so funny
Alfie so right like no one really likes
sprouts
unless it's Christmas I guess it's not
Christmas dinner if there's no sprouts
technically I just want to take this
opportunity to because I know that
tomorrow I'll be like rushing around and
I feel like my Christmas Eve vlogs are
always very like oh my god I forgot to
vlog oh my god because it's just a busy
day so I just want to take this
opportunity to say thank you so much to
everyone who has been enjoying vlogmas
commenting hitting thumbs up subscribing
and just generally it makes me really
really happy that so many of you have
enjoyed it or that it's brought joy to
your
or made you feel festive in some way and
I just want to wish you all a very Merry
Christmas
or whatever it is that you celebrate at
this time of year I am aware that not
everybody celebrates Christmas so happy
holidays and I also just want to say a
huge Merry Christmas to everybody
working in retail at Christmastime and
the public services like the fire
brigade and the NHS and everyone whose
job it is to make sure everyone is safe
and well during Christmas time because
those people are obviously very special
and work so many hours just to keep
other people safe and well so a massive
must have shout out to those people and
I hope that you have a festive day
whether that is on Christmas Day or
whether that is another day that you
managed to find time to sit down with
your friends and family not gonna lie I
fell asleep on the sofa sweated through
my jeans and now I've come up to bed but
I didn't want to forget doing the
Topshop opening the top package because
I mean great okay I love the first thing
is this Whitney Houston t-shirt which
I'm obsessed with
yes chunky knit cardi I feel like you
can never have too many of these and
this one looked really nice and has
these big chunky bobbles on the sleeves
I love it
this looks a little bit summery I think
it's a playsuit I thought maybe I could
wear this with tights but it's very thin
I really like the pattern on it though
might have to save that for warmer times
oh it's a hoodie oh that is really nice
and soft oh my goodness I just wanted
more hoodies to wear underneath coats
and to tuck into trousers or you have to
excuse I have have a Christmas carol on
in the background yeah so I've just
bought a couple more like hoodies for
extra warmth and layering the green crop
jumper I like that it's like a very
chunky knit dark kind of foresty green
oh I wanted more I wanted more
turtleneck t-shirts especially
long-sleeved ones that's a very long
sleeve so I got this nice stripy one
yeah this one's in like a pinky nude
this one feels a little bit thinner
this is another Baker boy hat this is a
velvet one because I wear my other one a
lot so I thought I would just try
another style it's not really another
style another another material we have
some jeans
what fit these these are Jamie jeans and
they've got like rips on them I don't
really wear jeans but are this color too
much so I thought I would buy some and
it might stop me from just going
straight to black ones these are
high-waist ankle grazers Jamie jeans
feel a little bit thicker than the ones
I normally wear which are Joanie jeans
they're kind of more leg in II fall in
love there this is a skirt
it's got like a paper bag waist with a
little it's not a drawstring no it's
just a little bow but it's this really
lovely material and its really soft
actually I thought that would be nice
and tight I loved the look of these so
much I bought them in a size too long so
I'm definitely gonna have to roll these
up I think these are Jamie jeans again
and they're black but they have like dye
Mantes over the whole thing they
actually looks so cool on the camera if
I was a person that went on nights out
you bet I would wear these because when
the light catches them he looks so cool
Oh another turtleneck but this is in a
dark forest green not that you can tell
in this lighting this was a cute t-shirt
it's just short sleeve and striped and
it just has embroidery on the boobie and
it says we how cute I like this style of
it it's very like loose oh I think this
is another hoodie but yeah yeah
the plane car key again very soft I'm
loving how soft their hoodies are now
this one I'm not sure it's gonna seat me
it's a longline cardigan which I love
the idea of but I guess you couldn't
wear it on a very cold day because you
definitely can't wear a jacket over this
unless you have a longline jacket but
it's in these lovely like navy blue blue
and grey block colors and it has like
balloon sleeves and pockets but no it
looked really nice on the model on the
website can't even tell you how much I'm
loving the fact the Topshop now have
models wearing the clothes on the
website it makes me so happy because I'm
definitely an online shopper where I
need to see it on like on someone or
like put into an outfit in order to buy
it which is why I love going on to Zara
and a source because they always have
people wearing their stuff so it just
makes it so much easier but yeah I love
the idea of this it looked really cool
on the model it's just one of those
things I think I need to try on and that
is everything that I picked up from
Topshop so I hope you enjoyed that
little mini haul and I'm gonna go to
sleep now and hopefully fingers crossed
I'll be feeling a lot better in the
morning that's why I just keep telling
myself I'll feel better tomorrow but
thank you so much for watching guys and
I will see you tomorrow for the last day
of vlogmas which is Christmas Eve I
can't believe it I'm actually quite sad
that it's nearly over goodnight guys see
you tomorrow
