hello okay so this kind of feels like a
little bit of a main channel video here
on my second channel and I think I say
this every time but this is just a
chilled video but I like to do when I
want to show you something very specific
and very exciting you all know what
you're here to see and I've done this a
number of different times because I love
to sit down and I really love to chat
you through new and exciting products
from zoella beauty which if you're new
around here and you have absolutely no
idea what's going on or what I'm talking
about which I understand some of you
might be because you might be new
subscribers etcetera etcetera I have a
beauty brand called zoella beauty and I
do lots of bath and body bits off
grabbing my hair I do lots of bath and
body bits which I released in 2014 now
which has gone so flippin quickly in
2014 I released my original collection
in 2015 I released the tutti frutti
collection around this time last year
and then last Christmas I released lots
of limited edition Christmas gift
gifting gifts which was all very
exciting I can't even tell you what it
feels like to own a beauty brand it
still hasn't really sunk in and it makes
me so excited to see you guys using it
loving it sharing it online and on
different social medias it's so surreal
and so amazing and it's one of those
things that I work on that I wake up
every day and I'm excited to do and yeah
basically really exciting and I love it
so that's the little background bit that
most of you probably already know but
just to kind of recap that's where we're
at right now obviously you guys are
loving the products and it's doing
really well and I want to carry on
making things that you're going to love
so that brings me on to this collection
which I think I'm the most excited right
now about showing you only because it
feels I think so different from the
other two ranges that you've seen which
so far have been the original collection
and the tutti frutti collection thought
I'd lost a nail haven't I think the
reason for that is that the packaging is
just I love it I don't know how we can
ever top this packaging because I think
it's my favorite so far and I know I say
that every time but genuinely I'm like
how are we ever gonna top this now the
inspiration behind the Sweet
Inspirations range which we have been
working on now for over a year so
whenever you see these things I have had
to keep my mouth shut for so long even
just kind of sharing it with my friends
and family isn't enough sometimes I just
want to like be like guys look I don't
really know where to start because
there's so much I want to tell you and
show you but um we wanted to do we being
me and SLG who are the people that
actually make the products because
surprise surprise I don't have like a
little Santa's workshop at the end of my
garden where I sit and hand make every
product like I'm pretty sure most of you
know that anyway but just in case you
thought that's what happened No so me
and the team at SOG who are the people
that create the products with me we
wanted to do a sweet scent because it
was something that was so different to
any of the other sense that we'd
released I know so many people love
sweet scents especially at this time of
year and me not being the biggest fan of
sweet scents I was like right this is a
challenge like I am going to find a
sweet scent that I think is the best
smell in the entire world that I also
know other people will really like and I
actually quite liked having that
challenge because I really genuinely was
like guys I just don't know like I'm not
a lover of sweet things and I get that
lots of other people are but I also want
to love the product otherwise what's the
point so I was like I just don't know
guys like sweet isn't my thing I really
don't have a lot of
sweet sense and I just don't know start
smelling sweet scents and it became
quite clear quite early on that there
was a route to go down which I
absolutely love the whole theme around
Sweet Inspirations is macarons or
macaroons and a sweet almond and I am so
happy with it I freaking love the scent
so much I've shown quite a lot of my
friends already like Marc Tania and
they've all said it's their favorite and
therefore I feel like you guys are gonna
really really like it I don't know what
to show you first I'm just doing excited
I'm really sorry that I'm rambling so
much but this is just a chilled out vibe
kind of video anyway also just before I
show you I just want to say thank you so
much to all of you for being so patient
for being so excited for sharing all the
information and just generally just
being great support I love you there are
eight products in this range a couple of
which are you have seen before and
they've been adapted to be something
slightly different and the rest are
things I haven't done before so I am
going to show you before you all like
scream and skip through the video which
you probably all have done anyway
okay I'm going to show you the mist
first da da da da look how beautiful
this packaging is the packaging is based
around a kind of French patisserie kind
of vibe but was I feel like it also has
quite a 1920s vibe which I also really
really like so it's kind of like 1920s
French patisserie and as always I just
kind of wish you had smell-o-vision so
that you could smell it so you've got
zoella on there and it says Sweet
Inspirations and it says fragrance body
mist and then you have this beautiful
pattern on the back which you can see
through there and it has a really
beautiful gold cap which I just love
like just look how beautiful that is
and like all the mists it is in a glass
bottle just because I think that that
makes it feel so much more special
and it looks really lovely sat with the
other two I'm gonna spritz a little bit
mmm
this will be retailing for 8 pounds
which is the same as all the other mists
and I just really hope you like the
scent the next thing which goes with
every collection is the body cream so
many of you love the body lotion that I
for sure had to bring it back with this
scent it's called double cream and it is
the sweetly nourishing macaron scented
body cream it has this lovely metallic
Zedd on it and look at the font see
that's the font that's like really quite
1920s and it has the beautiful like baby
pink stripes I love the color scheme in
this range it's so me everything is
really like past all and cute and pretty
but also I feel like quite sophisticated
so it says on it treat yourself to a
dollop of indulgence with this macro
unscented body cream enriched with
nourishing sweet almond oil cacao and
honey it will leave your skin feeling
beautifully soft silky and smelling
totally irresistible and like all
moisturizers massage it onto skin you
only need to use a little bit of this
because it goes really far you don't
need a whole handful so yeah that is the
body cream and that is 5 pounds as all
the other body creams are this next
thing I want to show you I am super
obsessed with because I love it so much
and the packaging is so amazing and it
is the bath latte like look at this whoa
almost dropped it it has this beautiful
blue packaging with the metallic gold
kind of embossed pattern and it's a bath
and shower milk enriched with sweet
almond cacao and honey and look at the
gold metallic cap it just looks like
something that you should be putting in
your fridge rather than on the side of
your bath but again I just love it and
it creates the best bubbles and leaves
your fence thin your fins leaves your
skin feeling super smooth and I just
really like that it looks like milk so
that is that one and that retails for
six pounds laughs is possibly my
favorite fizz bar packaging there has
ever been I freaking love it
like look at this
this one is slightly different because
it's done in smaller squares so it feels
more like a chocolate bar than ever
before bath fizzy which is an
irresistible macaron scented Fitz bar
that will transform your bath into an
indulgent experience lie back relax and
enjoy
OhLaLa recommended to drop four pieces
into the bath for fragrantly fizzy water
these are five pounds as always bath
phizzer
Lissa's five pounds okay I'm going to
show you bag number one which is so
adorable
dun dun dun look at it it's the life is
sweet
Beauty bag and it's this really gorgeous
lilac II blue I'm just obsessed with
this color it's kind of like a lilac II
blue gray and I'm a huge fan of the
smaller purses like the Queen purse and
the little purse that came in the tutti
frutti collection because they're super
good for your handbag right this is
amazing for loose change for receipts
for lipsticks like there are so many
things you can do with a small bag like
this because it's so neat to put into
other bags or like to put into a handbag
or just put into your school bag or I
find little bags this size really handy
so I wanted to have one in this
collection and it has a really lovely
scalloped edge and it's in this lovely
like patent material and it says life is
sweet on it this will be on sale for six
pounds and I feel like this will be
quite a popular one I'm not sure why I
just have a feeling a lot of people want
to have this because it's too cute not
too to be honest the next thing is this
which is sugar dip scented bath salt
granules I have not done bath salts
before but I really wanted to because
everyone loves fast sells it's just
something about putting things in your
bath that I really really like so we
have this amazing packaging which is
like nothing I have ever seen before
which is why I love it and you kind of
take this off the top and it's like
scalloped and inside you have this
adorable
of bath salts it's kind of like a little
picker mixed bag
I love it it also comes with which I
feel like I should say in case a lot of
you don't notice it comes with a little
sticker in the box that says reseal me
so you don't have to use them all at
once you can fold over the bag and use
the sticker to kind of seal it down so
you don't end up losing all your bath
salts everywhere and it says sweet
macaron scented bath salts lie back
relax and indulge in these irresistible
scented bath salts sprinkle a small
handful of bath salts under warm running
water the bath thoughts will sodas
obvious leave your bathwater and you
smelling absolutely delicious I just
don't know how anyone is going to want
to throw this away though like the
packaging like I get that you're going
to keep the bag but it's just so sad to
think that like that's just the
packaging I don't know oh I love it and
your sugar dip bath salts are on sale
for 6 pounds next thing I am going to
show you is something I have not done
before and it is a body fondant so this
is the zoella body fondant which is a
shimmer balm ok so I was most excited
about this because I love the idea of
this and also like look how freaking
cute the packaging is so it's a shimmer
balm that you apply onto your body just
to give yourself I know shimmer balm can
sound quite terrifying but you also have
this really cute little sponge which has
lace and it says zoella on it I'm just
obsessed it's so soft and you have this
whole thing of balm and it looks Rescate
and orange but trust me it does not come
out like that so you swirl this in here
mmm
this is a fresh one as well so you've
got it on here and then you literally
just like buff it into your skin and it
gives you the nicest like Sheen to your
skin it just makes you look so healthy
and glowy like in photographs this is
going to look amazing but also just if
you've got a bit of a tan in summer on
holiday plus it also smells so lovely
and strong like you wouldn't need to
wear the scent if you had this on
because if you put the
on your arms and legs you are good to go
and everyone is going to be able to
smell it it's kind of like a solid
perfume and a bomb all in one and I love
it I'm obsessed with this
it says it instantly illuminates skin to
give you a gorgeous healthy glow you'll
be good enough to eat
apply to applied bombs arms legs and
decolletage for an even and smooth
finish using Lee using the little sponge
I'm actually taking this on holiday with
me this year because I'm going to be
rubbing this all over my body and this
one is on sale for 10 pounds and last
but by no means least we have this which
is the candy clutch first of all can we
just talk about how for cutable this is
you can use this for anything you can
use this for a night out you could use
this for makeup for skincare you can use
it as a huge bag and fill that
completely to the top because it's got a
zip at the top you can use half of it
and fold it over and keep it like this I
just feel like this is so I mean you can
just do so much with it I also love that
it has two different types of fabric I
would probably end up filling this
entire bag of stuff and zipping at the
top and using it as a huge makeup bag
but I know that also if I put makeup in
here is probably better folded but it
does give you the option you can do
either you've got like this really
lovely cream patent material or fabric
on here and then underneath it's like
this
it's stripy pink and cream stripy but
it's like this kind of painted linen
kind of feel and I love that and this
will be on sale for 12 pounds that is
everything in the Sweet Inspirations
collection I'm so so happy that I have
finally been able to show you and share
that with you the next question you
might have is when can you buy it so it
will be online on superdrug and feel
unique from the 27th of May which is
next week the only exception to that is
the body fondant because there's been a
delay in shipping with this one so this
won't be online next week however this
will be going into stores along with the
entire range from the 6th of June into
superdrug so if you guys don't want to
order online next week then you can go
into store from the 6th of June and you
can see it and you can smell it before
you buy it obviously and yeah that's I
feel like that's everything on the 6th
of June it will be going into all the
bigger super drugs I think it's about
half the amount of stores it will be
going into them full store distribution
which is you know your tiny local super
drug will be from the 18th of July I
believe so if you're going into your
slightly smaller local super drug and
it's still not there that's why because
it's going into full stores from a tooth
of July but it's going into all the
bigger kind of more regional stores from
the 6th of June you might just have to
get your mates that live near a big
super drug to do you a couple of cheeky
little favors do let me know in the
comments which one of those things you
are most excited to try if you love the
sound of the collection if you love the
sound of the scent I think this is
probably no I see it's really hard to me
to say it's my favorite so far because I
love everything I bring out but I feel
like this scent is so different and I'm
really really intrigued to hear what you
guys think of it because all I've been
able to hear is from like friends and
family
I even wore a special shirt for the
occasion look at this it's got like
sweet things on it I'm really worried
I've left some like vital information
out I think I'm giving you all the
prices I've shown you I've told you when
it's coming out when the products do
come out or if you manage to go out and
buy any then make sure to tweet me your
pictures tweet at zoella beauty they are
constantly retweeting and tweeting any
of your gorgeous I love seeing you all
do little flat leis like you guys are
like amazing at flat lace any blog posts
any reviews any pretty flat lays make
sure you tweet them to me or to zoella
Beauty make sure you're following all
the zoella Beauty social media or leave
all the information below because we're
always uploading content on there and
we'll be doing giveaways etc etc oh yeah
that's everything so thank you so much
for watching I'm sorry this has been a
long video but I always just
like I've held in this information for a
year and now I've just like word vomited
at you enjoy the collection you'll be
seeing a lot more of it kind of around
anyway but yeah woohoo new collection
and I'm so excited I'm so excited
and I love you very much and I will see
very very soon I will also leave a link
to super drug and feel unique in the
description box as well because it's
going up online next week so you need
the websites uh yeah love you I'm
rambling I mind is like flitting
flitting between too many things so I'm
gonna go now but yeah bye
