good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 23
it's day 23 it day 23
it's Christmas Eve Eve and tomorrow is
Christmas Eve
I want to open my calendar because I
have not been opening it and knowledge
calendar needs to be opened as well I've
just been really rubbish at my calendar
the calendar this year as I said in the
day before yesterday's video I'm going
to munch away and I'm gonna have so much
fun with it right no this is not for you
Nala this one's not yours
doesn't even matter what order I do them
in really does it can't get it out get
him out 19 maybe on a while ago now 21
that was a while ago now and well that's
another little sock Oh 13 and it done
hand basically do to open all of them
except one there we go
oh yay so now we just have to open 24
tomorrow and I still got these big old
snowman I really want to eat this I want
to eat this one next is good mmm
look at my little pile of chocolate now
should we do your calendar now good girl
right let's see we've got to open 17
they're so hard to walk my friend
there we go well we've got bones in that
one Oh
good girl good girl
that's nice put knowledge treats up
there uh are you enjoying that this put
she's gonna have so many treats up there
pop him up there
um 22 is another one pop him up there
um 23 which is today so you can eat
these ones ah yeah you're gonna sit good
girl there's one eat it nicely
why is 8 shot we did do 8 here we go got
one day left on the woof masculine derp
Alfie's got quite a few days to open on
his as well you're gonna sit down good
girl mmm enjoy by the way this looks
like a weird mechanism it's actually a
back massager just in case you saw that
in the corner of your eye and you're
like questionable item there
come on cannon what we're going to do
stupidly on the 23rd no but we haven't
left it to the last minute we're going
Christmas shopping in town which is the
busiest town in the world I just feel
like parking is gonna be a nightmare I'm
gonna get so stressed but we don't know
we're not you get like it's not like
we're they get time as main press no
it's a bit and wrapping paper and like
sellotape and gift tags and things but
still very brave of us to decide to do
this is the 23rd yeah it's getting very
busy let's let's go let's see what even
get driving we're gonna have to listen
to Christmas music just relax
yeah driving into town for Christmas and
Minnie
I can't wait to see those I don't know
why we're sick every Christmas every day
we decided that because the traffic was
so ridiculous and it took us ten minutes
to literally get five minutes away from
home we parked our car in Hove and we're
walking into town because Churchill
Square is actually too far from home
so we figured this would be the most
beneficial in a quick way of going into
town and it's also a really lovely day
today so we thought it would be quite
nice to get a little walk in anyway and
we're not under any massive time
constraints perfect yeah it's a lovely
day and this is hope and in the sky I
see is down that way it's windy times
like this that I should have one of
those funny little muffs that you and
Louise had on your camera look how
beautiful this churches so you stuff
like this is so hidden amongst like all
the other houses but it's all right here
is nice yeah it's really nice we've just
been into dowels which has some of the
nicest things ever we've got a few
little cheeky present really happy first
shot first shot we've only got two guys
right here I know it's all good cool
decoration in the window though that's a
big about fold and so now
still heading into town but so basically
as I said before right now
yeah me and I'll fear doing stockings
and our peace harmony which means we
have to buy lots of like kind of little
gifts for everybody in the seven of us
right now
oh wow there is yeah seven so happy 71
so now we need wrapping paper I'm sad
that shop to do wrapping paper register
meant room for three yeah cool all good
look at these cakes in M&S oh look at it
that's a piece of art that is amazing I
want one of those we've also found some
15 meter roughing paper which I figured
would be a good show if we run out at
least we've got this guy's town is so
busy going can you believe I don't think
it was going to be this busy I'm
actually struggling to breathe for me I
look hey nurse covering yours up
anything might be there look at this a
little pudding factory do you want to go
in now there you go
thank you
I wonder what you did is it just to see
father Christmas
we're getting hungry we would like
there's literally no where we can go and
eat so packed and as we had the
brilliant idea of coming you to BHS and
going right to the backward got a good
shout Alfie because if you literally
like hardly anyone in here it's alpha
control something we going to taste it I
imagine I just a little drink and then I
think I'm eating Hollywood look what our
history did me do I mean I probably
shouldn't lift up should I yeah oh my
god here she comes
okay um this is what alphas just treated
me to yummy yummy yummy how do I even do
this go for
is it good
it's
we snuck away into Topshop and we've
come up to the personal shopping with
Liv and karma my two favorites
look out bees take anything they don't
know we've been out just like 45min yeah
thank you
I'm looking there it's not why you gave
me on Christmas in criticism
normally I've got a Santa hat on as well
but today I buy no kidding sorry for
this I got the last four days I know
actually have yet I take breakfast to
the extreme or sometime tomorrow mrs.
Johnson oh so fun anyway we got a few
things that we are in look at this
though this always makes me laugh this
is poppy side this is my moment
yeah yeah yeah everything how amazing is
this jacket although it could look bad
on me I don't know am I gonna like the
IKEA my game where we create a sham way
what have we here
exactly IKEA monkey we found it
tell me how many years later do you like
it I really like that I'm just thinking
because we're all going away from you
yet we're gonna be gonna lots of walks
and like he's raising me yeah I really
like it though what do you think of this
one guys look at the sleeves I quite
like it but I don't know it's quite
boxing it's quite it's quite sure
but I do like it it feels so soft it's
very tattered a just for the record guys
if you ever see me wearing high-waisted
black jeans they are these by Topshop
the Joanie jeans they are incredible
they just feel so nice on so I'm buying
another two pairs because I pretty much
live in these all don't you pink now we
really taxi back to the car because we
need to rush back to Nala but that was
very successful with an air so
successful I just love those girls so
much I just want to spend all day in
there with them
well we practically did I know if you
are ever in Brighton and you want to go
into Topshop do you just go up and say
hi to colour and live because there's
like honestly the sweetest and nicest
girls ever and I'm sure they would
absolutely love it yeah got a lot to do
tonight I need to wrap presents need to
edit videos before tomorrow because I
kind of want to get them done so I don't
have to think about them tomorrow or is
the last day I know
no smoke machine
yeah all in all very sickness me and a
few have now come into pets at home
grabbing some little bits to the guinea
pigs and Alfie is desperate for a wee so
we need to be quick he's gonna pee
himself oh and I need guinea pig feed
seed seed seed where is it round this
side which one shall I get do I get
nuggets with mint or nuggets with
blackcurrant and Oregon oh yeah I know I
think we should get the mint actually
they really do like the Oregon oh I
think they prefer that one to the mint
when I tried them in to enroll our dryer
box no we'll just get this one for now
that'll be good hey cookies Oh they'd
love those let's get them these as a
Christmas treat all these lights don't
like this camera today let's turn that
down wrong one there we go we're back
now from pets at home and I've just
brought down everyone's presents for
Christmas Day so all of like alfea's
family and Alfie so as I was saying
earlier there's seven of us all together
and their stockings and this main
presence so there's quite a lot and I
kind of want to wrap them tonight
because I don't want to be doing it
tomorrow because we've got a lot of
things you want to do tomorrow and I
just want to kind of be all festive
I've just been editing my last main
Channel video and I've scheduled that to
go live tomorrow I'm just want to edit
most of today's Latvia what you know
just so it's mostly done for this even
an you must forget this how cute
five hundred thirty million pounds DFS
winter sale great value carrots super
best Christmas jumper you see on the
sprouts I'll feel it like I won't go
basically because my honestly I'll be
tired I'll be really sleepy for the rest
of the evening we've got so much to do I
was like I really wanna and that I've
got so he's having safe and Anthony
evenings now it's actually ridiculous
and I was like no I've got too much to
do I need to know away need to edit I'm
need to start wrapping these Christmas
presents that we've got down here to
basically walk down all the Christmas
presents as I was saying earlier
news but he's useful fall asleep sir
looks like I'm gonna be wrapping
presents on my own this is no puppy
though no
hmm
Wow Wow you're gonna wake up
you've been asleep for about 45 minutes
we're going to wrap some prezis not
happening
guys look at this I've laid out all our
stockings and I'm about to put everyone
stocking presents on the get off get off
Nala I'm right for everyone stocking
presents on top of their stocking so
that we can kind of gauge what we needed
to get for people if we still need to
get anything but also just it's just
easier to work it out this way but I
just thought it looked really funny for
every stocking I've bought a little tube
of jelly beans jelly Belly jelly beans
which I thought would be fun and they
fit nicely in there but yeah so I'm
gonna do this now yes Missy yes we are
also got the boobs on the TV Oh Michael
Buble it is actually a dream of mine to
go and see him live I really really want
to maybe next year I want to see him
live doing Christmas songs like I love
all his other songs too don't get me
wrong but just Michael Buble at
Christmas is just amazing we've wrapped
all the stocking presents and now we are
putting glitter transfers on the
stocking so that we can see whose is
whose so here's one here's my one it's
like glittery and we're just doing
poppies we didn't think it was gonna
work for a while and yes I know we
should probably have an ironing board
but this is just a bit slap - DIY okay
knowledge knowledge in her pen yeah I
named Emma flooring the dog out and
alpha is more awake now for me asleep
yeah restful sleep and wake up feeling
better nothing is stronger for cold
hey like this only available behind the
pharmacy nada
like we're actually Santa's little
helpers well to you trolls if it's so
much easier when we left it to call
really
she was fishy Dada would you bother all
right what is it is the e broken what
your edit oh no II did the e back to
front
do you know why because you it fell off
and I passed on without looking oh I
take it off nice Betty we've got very
yeah hello I'm just worried it's gonna
route going so well take it off right
next let's put you next to Zoe
I think poppy ones fine in one great
idea
this has a chance to change all of our
lives okay
50,000 bees by next week I'm proud of if
I got admitted joy but one doesn't seem
to be coming off very easily there we go
it's hard because it's on a fluffy
surface oh that one was easy
Copp hey that one's good
we fix the e guys put anyone on loving
you and us that was only later we had
spare yeah all good all done high five
yo okay now here are all the stockings
with everyone's names on my own Alfie is
looking very bad because I haven't
wrapped your stocking presently and your
presents are at Poppy's flat when are
you going to get them much government
it's actually tonight but I'm really
happy with those I feel like you're
familar gonna love them still wrapping
think about what about midnight you know
ten minutes to midnight I was still
wrapping I'm enjoying it though Santa's
Little Helper over there little help I'm
not help me it's just getting in the way
bitch is being cute she's like I haven't
had any attention for a good three hours
look at all these presents I'm actually
really proud of all this wrapping I
really like it
let's go back good job team good job
team Santa's workshop
another sorted come on come in pop well
we've still got a few more and I've got
two oh wow and I've got to wrap up I'm
glad she just do she just freaked out um
what are you steeped in what what he
just eaten your breath smells so strong
it's actually
like way what do you eat urn yes I don't
know some of your chicken katsu Cory
Oh God this your food your dinner so
pretty much wraps how big your hand is
compared to my face um and I just
thought I would end the vlog here
because I'm gonna go to sleep now I'm
not gonna feel really experimental
everyone has had a power nap so that I
haven't had a power nap you did you
slept like an hour I was even hour and a
half by didn't wake up feeling any
better I woke up feeling worse than my
legs your head is way more for with the
mind so right now look how weird my arm
looks like big not muscly just big oh
yeah what the hell boom gusting Alfie
come right no I'm gonna end this bug
here it's been a very busy productive
day of shopping rapping you did so good
today yeah so good so we're gonna go now
I'm gonna get some sleep
last day of vlogmas tomorrow last day of
lobster tomorrow be prepared be excited
ready for the most for Christmassy day
of oil and we are going to sing
Christmas carols we are and we're gonna
drive round yeah in our pajamas looking
at all got matching pajamas I'm so
excited you can't come here the guy
she's at what was going on
good night guys good night those ammonia
babe um yeah we love you good night
goodbye right
