this morning myself good we are making
bacon scrambled egg and some avocado
into a little bit about Stefan about the
face breakfast deserves oh my gosh
yummy I feel like this plank is just
gonna be like I'm the new thing I love
the plan never use I would do now your
mom's going to be happy yeah yeah so
you've got scrambled egg bacon bagels
crushed avocado mashed avocado and
orange juice
I'm so sorry yet excited oh you're like
ready for the day in the state of me
look at me I'm suing watch my last night
so we are currently waiting on Alfie
deyes there's a song hello go hi our
doggy poo bags and some treats that oh
nice need to enjoy them hmm nice no I
pulled out a little water so we are off
to stammer Park which is the case we
love to go in the sun is shining I sit
down with you and I'm most excited Jim
is on the borderline hungry I won well
over that line okay so you just get me
to the winery if I'm taking you to get
ready oh that was you John nice very
high Jesus Christ and then you have the
map if I was napping says waiting see
sighs - giggling yeah thanks engines on
okay oh yeah
although the garden looks a bit smaller
and we really get run over
oh I know we really want such a lovely
day it's not even cold today it's
slightly causing the shade isn't it but
when you're in the Sun alone should we
go straight up I'll go over what's wrong
no I know
the gardens are closed on our tans make
friends with it all down
being told her she's being really
naughty she just wants to talk about her
leave her my life she wants to play
we have I've got for a sticky toffee
pudding with honeycomb ice cream yeah
Alfie is going to help me because
there's no way I'm going to finish that
nothing no what's this go
we're outside now lunch was delicious
the sun is shining and the doggies are
running around we have to keep not on
the long lead because as we've said many
times before if we let her off you'll
never see her again so she's on the
Longley Nala hey good girl Macarius look
eyeshadow
she wouldn't secretary freight isn't
easy I know I know she takes it zoom is
in the bobble oh my god it's gonna pop I
feel like Martha's Frank's protect oh my
god
Oh her nails on it
she only her nails would pop it yeah you
see you eat relative is it comfy no not
really
have you had fun kids really grates on
your dish car is like a sauna no bloomin
engine on in here while so around
everyone you need actual something here
oh yeah yes I did and it feels so great
because I can't feel my hands right now
we've had a dog vomit situation in our
nation be in grass because Marlo is
eating all the daisies as weas went to
drive off you mom do not go on you are
they did it I'll going in none
luckily she did it all down the side you
feelin okay puppy that's what happens if
you eat grass and daisies let's get this
Flint wrap my finger I just rented from
the tree you would have liked to watch
that oh you just wheel it out yeah
there's a splinter my hand and I just
squeeze down my finger
well I'm glad you got that done don't
you know this for sure
got ya so much you know how long I've
been waiting that to get you yeah in the
toilet up with you I managed to scare up
one of the last my lush packs into the
shower oh my god you scared me
after I just gave you an turn look at
Jim what you want you do it Jim I love
da look at this we've got loads of ice
yeah gin tonics Kim and Tania's um guys
what then we watching Jim Jim take
charge of gnomes last last night you put
your uh stick whoa dog yes you could
film yeah it was all right this one
we've got the end of Minority Report
thank you I couldn't find anything else
I'm leaving something look at Martha she
is I I don't see very nice kinda like
this if you some good I think it might
be doing dude yoga a DVD job I got
everyone one batch we've been doing what
you did you play with your bum hole
again spider-man game from ah you've had
it's our leave high school
- that's like years that spidery 3.4
million my high score huh yeah is that
like above average
yes okay I don't know averages but I
don't know any other games like we
couldn't let that article Martha get in
the middle of Tanya and Jim all the time
not on the other hand just projectile
vomits in my new car that's all she
threw it for and she's like no they
could win the absolute Oh imagine
imagine engine sorry for my computer
look what a Mississippi yeah some
suspicious chunks chunks of grasses
Daisy I think she's kind of feeling
sorry for herself now she's had a dinner
all right though hey Martha move you're
very pretty you're a very pretty dog
not that you're not pretty you're
beautiful a very different way have you
come fast answer horrendously chop them
up right I made two dogs out of them you
have $1 kind of normal with a normal
kind of normal face or normal legs on
one that should be the most hideous
little creature in the world yeah you
could make two very weird dog we're not
going to chop you up don't worry we also
looked at why hug and that's in the
crossbreeding
yeah it's weird yeah I mean it's very
hit and miss rebel intense cute yeah and
then tell them what you suggested
mariachi's female dog sir both big hey
I've been staged like it out science is
magical yeah they could just find a
young sperm donor
yeah okay yes really she got one really
long floor I think I missed my trim oh
it's time
yeah him explain the film we're watching
you're watching we are watching
he's just not that into you can you give
my viewers some tips about when a guy is
just not that into you or a girl um I
can tell that when girls just not into
users haven't be many times before
okay um any signs that they're just not
that into you
I know exactly what film I wanna watch
my last option
he's not a that's not what this is what
he's just not Jyoti
you're quite Bob jim was just about to
give rosin bit ah the awkward thing is
that you are outsider we made the
decision so yeah sorry al you're lovely
don't give a
you love this film so Jim um a long life
signs that I've surely bought three
three ways I will hit you outside on the
road find number one when you text her
all the time being really really sweet
and maybe a little bit too Nene and she
doesn't reply at all in what time frame
ever or you apply a lot and then you get
kind of really short answers or you know
you text a lot and you get really short
replies back
yeah like okay full stop you know I've
part time I've met Tanya I think I was
kind of really well versed in in having
my heart broken is I never loved anybody
having my hopes dashed um what else so
that's time number one um so I never say
that she's just not into you
when she's already got a boyfriend never
was happened to me I remember seeing a
girl and was I really like you too well
I thought my boyfriend's I really like
you too and then I was okay cool I'm not
gonna like do anything I don't want to
go on a date with you until you've
dumped your boyfriend she never did she
kept leading me on strung you along okay
usually I'd meet her after work everyday
I'd walk her to home
I'd do all the other stuff
her yeah she just found me along um
three hard now to know what science
girls get because basically all girls
are into me it's really it's really good
work about Martha Martha when she when
she licks her face constantly um one
more sign that she's just not into you
all that someone's just not somebody um
even though it's like a friend I'm
trying to think of one that I might have
I just feel like everyone's so into me
it's just happy with us ya know yeah
funny language in they never touch you
and they will keep distance and I never
flirt yeah oh my little Pat's on the
shoulders who think about that that's
like nothing you know yeah maybe that's
nothing
also I feel like if they only ever want
to hang out with you
with other people but never on your own
yeah and also right if you're into
someone and only to you they're not
stupid that would be know that you're
ending yeah and then often they like the
attention you know yeah sometimes it's
just to pass the time for some people
isn't it I've been that guy know I've
been on the receiving end of that many a
time yeah resentful they lower back
intended I just need just kind of wanted
to this want to be like just know in the
comments yes
what you have discovered when the ones
not that into you but you'll be alright
yeah look we're both still okay I've
been rejected more times I've been
rejected girl ever pass someone and then
you married a married it what I mean uh
law of averages Jim's like I'm back keep
this one great gathering yeah by the
hair I'll just keep getting rejected oh
I always think though is better to know
you know like some people are like all
no fear of rejection like the fear of
rejection is he and do you know what it
is that I look back at now I've seen I
just do it like why does tell much
better to do it than to think I should
have done that you know
like you know you could carry on forever
not knowing you put about that and they
say no and you know okay well that was
embarrassing and I've had my heart
broken the army go on slugging my mouth
having a deep chat let it go on and on
and on before you actually say anything
and then finally you say gently by that
way your by that time you're really
involved in value you're really invested
yeah heart broken and crushed and dashed
to pieces
and I like to think now that I'd be
really really good with girls cuz I'm
not like you beasts like experient you
yeah climbing bells on Sophie because
you're the nice guy I think that you
would like my life and so maybe you've
been the nice curvy was slightly like I
don't even mean but like you slightly
geeky nice guy right now you like breast
so while you're really hot like when
Zoey what like we were saying essay when
she moved into a trap you like went and
made a guinea pig hutch and you're just
like you should marry that guy sounds
great yeah that guy that makes any pick
up kids help move the entire house you
you did happens making touch - yeah Jim
was very helpful on the day I moved
anyway if you're if you factor someone
and you don't know you so about that
yeah I guess I know to you in me home
and then you just move on don't buy it
oh yeah sure you digestive mom my mom
that's so good on life so good Cheers
we're about to hire in Jim's wedding
video and I'm so excited it's gonna make
me cry so much you're right we got you
out
mine are you gonna cry though I tried a
trailer of this which was like two
minutes long very good oh are we gonna
stop like a little game so much it's
like the most beautiful thing you've
ever seen from the snicker I saw I
believe is alright
straight I cry every three years it has
more family happens you get dehydrates
Mama's here okay okay let's go okay I
got water that reason to wait let's ask
you when I get emotional
oh I just down the aisle because I'm
raised by exhibiting connected might
let's watch it we've just finished
watching it I cried three parts Alfie
did you cry
I didn't hear everything bit you
probably got there one day
what would that mean really I tell you
what that was not a dry eye when John
did his sweet there was no it's when
John speaking assessment Oh guys it's
the but that is the best video ever I
really invite with you I would watch
that like one today yes just watch it
all the time now Mike these people Jamie
I was like so done with it as a Jim
didn't even just watch that he was ever
Smurfs once waited as long thank you
nothing like them like that's shorter
than one of my vlogs
yeah that's Jay all I was so good it was
like I was there again - it was like the
perfect day
and every time I watch it I notice
different people right expression doing
it before it's even got me in tun doing
the whip nae drummer we learnt it on oh
my word pre-wedding pre-wedding we were
learning in Justin even I thought was
going to be in like the DJ set yeah yeah
yeah I watched them the other day
actually because I found them and they
made me laugh so much
oh your ones and Jim joining in and Jim
not know it and you didn't know when to
like come in
honestly yeah okay no yeah so good so
good
what oh this mother we're gonna go to
bed now so give me from guys say good
night oh boy oh yeah Jim yes
say good night are you thinking that
I'll get going guys what you've got the
guilt what's up guys
why I'm doing this ow
I'm sorry behind me I'm sorry my name is
Marcus Butler you're you I just said -
Alfie I'm tired he's wired I don't know
what's going on my face go away I had a
coffee at like 5:00 p.m.
whitey better 11 o'clock surely that
clearly it's done something as now I'm
not normally like this anyway I'm tired
so some point we're gonna read to bed so
I'm gonna finish the vlog here but I've
had a super lovely day with all my
friends and Alfie Alfie do you mind
giving me a front wedge most it's most
uncomfortable I love you guys a lot give
the vlogs a thumbs up if you've enjoyed
them and we'll see you again soon oh my
god bye babe I write Bodhi
Oh Jimmy alright he's on IET
