good morning everybody welcome to Petra
I cannot believe it is day 20 already
the Sun is out it's a beautiful day I'm
all ready to go to my nan and granddad's
house so my mum will be there my auntie
my uncle and my cousins and their two
puppies who I'm so excited to meet Nala
I don't know how it's going to go down
ones a whip it and ones a Jack Russell
so we'll see we'll see
I'm Alfie's out Oh we just run another
around a little bit before we get go
basically waiting for Jo I chose today
to be the day that I put liquid winged
liner on and I don't really do it too
much anymore just weak so
high-maintenance and guess what because
the sun's out and I'm outside and it's
cold my eyes are already King oh where
is she Alisha's so that was good I could
have to be like sorting out already
did you have a good night's sleep yes
yes yes yes I did Joey yeah a good
night's sleep yeah I did I slept loads
at you wait we set three hours on the
sofa then we went to bed until for like
number five hours he and I just slept
like another two hours yeah spinning
watch this steel did you get it get it
um where's it gone oh no oh no done how
are we gonna get that down I just err in
that rain oh God jump up and knock here
jump up and knock it no no I'm so sorry
looking for it she was like running and
then was like where the bloomin L is it
gone
she's so happy
run away now glaze Joey's been rocket
presence in the car show them Jen
concentrated he said oh boy how are you
gonna graph that hardening square you
just wrapped also Joe we've got about
six minutes until we get there Oh
brochure just to let you know Russia do
you yeah
oh now I am I love this song yeah yeah
pushing through their life is smoking
pleasure girl Stardust I've seen it are
usually stored up yes I'll be watching
tonight
yeah I don't know somebody shares the
best look
don't fade away
don't fade away
hello's got a new friend Oh threat my
Nana and granddad now we've got a little
line of books and things to sign look at
this all along so we better get started
guys or what you checking out their
office check another calendar Joe and
Caspar hit the road because any
granddad's before my mom sometimes helps
me go through my fan mail from you guys
because as I said in my previous vlog I
wouldn't be able to ever see any
otherwise so she's been helping me go
through it sometimes she texts me like
I've just been crying reading your
letters I don't yeah all the time
and then she passes them on to me and
etc etc um but look at this how amazing
is this photo someone's drawn this and
it was by somebody called cat Jionni
illustrator an artist and so thank you
so much cat isn't that so cool it's like
lines really cool thank you so much oh
look at his little face why are you so
cute this isn't gonna help me on the
case of alfie wants another dog and I
don't want one yeah no they're not
everything's about you playing with us
toys you're getting at least they're not
really that fast by each other now take
your happy
oh let me see you pretty face trophies
hey gorgeous boy I know gorgeous boy
Travis what is to be around the food
don't you Travis you got yourself a
little friend then man
he wants all the food don't ya
he is so soft colors me yeah so Travis
and horror you can buy my auntie uncles
and cousins doggies and funnily enough
knowledge actually ordered alone got
stuck in prison
what was that my camera what are simple
things me but not enough simple things
parachute jumper is to open Pershing oh
I used to get those in like party bags
but I'm joking this is my stocking look
at this mum always does the best
stocking peas and learn I don't know yes
I'm gonna put this on my tree when I get
back yeah whoa chocolate coin that is
the coolest bag of chocolate money I've
ever seen that's huge
I was literally saying the other day
that they're not chocolate pennies
anymore they're like chocolate pound
coins yes
is it electric shocker just shocked you
know look what mom bought me tomato leaf
candle it smells really good it was a
bell for a small person
who was that with it Horace or trumpet
wait got J hey babe um oh not I drink
beer or anything like that no clearly
not
holy dude metal you do pong but it was
lemonade not anything else that's what I
would do to be fair yeah you want to do
the same oh yeah
squash face Carly my Nan's just given me
this photo from when was this 2006 2007
no just as 25th 12:10 p.m. this is when
I had tonsillitis but also look at those
eyebrows that is why you always let
someone else do your eyebrows people yes
mum and grandad and now I feel in their
prezis what's it gonna be I really like
that paper slightly it man it's like
Paper Chase gold gold wood
it's a throw Oh isn't how lovely
oops left the price on it yeah not
singing bottom to bottom okay oh yeah
excited yeah I know yeah yeah yeah its
grandeur right that's not works out our
presence there karma granddad what is it
George why is it look on the side what
does it say on the side when he doesn't
realize what it is yeah Oh God oh you
turn late
yeah how do we turn it on do you like it
a bit bigger for you to see the screen
and right let me try it out there Travis
they seen it don't fit yeah this one's
come down - yeah I mentioned the joke
areas the camera so where's my little
right black beard a bro favourite Turkey
and something look at that one oh boy -
no my mate you ill good nice
give its knowledge you love it
no chilly tag them off like a bird sorry
guys what you do in doggies all I can
see is Travis's bum Oh doc porn no one's
perfect
he's always ok worse give me Travis go
yeah yeah that's true
Joey's brought Jade boys Master System
wrong I want to see Leah get the same
level that we got younger
do you remember Prentice with us James
yeah it could be graphic look an ex post
one yeah do you remember this oh that
good no that works with pretty easy on
Nana Granderson net you know do you
remember it mum noise yeah noise of it
look at this chocolate cake that because
I made looks delicious liquor oh you
have to pull them far away pulling good
your eyes are away from the eyes these
yours I want to get that Wollaston yeah
oh yeah yeah yeah oh yeah good as
Christmas easy
they pulled oh girl boy did go time why
that's so funny
Christmas tradition ticket drama's
looking at me like what told me for this
not laughs oh this coming like gonna
come here yeah what is it be dogs at
camp dog be seein is oh no oh I thought
I was playing on the music guy yeah
what you doing see they're doing it
baby's gonna tap into the music I like
which is good underneath them I was the
flop blu-ray yeah seven oh no nobody
does nobody has the energy to keep up
with Nala and finally apart from mum
scary laugh there my way I was gonna say
I'm finally null as lying down oh maybe
not for long
yeah oh no she's giving up she's giving
up
hey tired I'm gonna go to sleep now we
given up on life family photo time
bakit dance now am i my auntie and uncle
are here and they've bought her a little
stocking she's gonna are you scared of
it noise oh oh I think she's had one of
these before and she was scared of it no
it's fine you get used to it
sure yeah now if you're gonna do that
though Joe it's like having a child
she's somewhat interesting that what
about that oh she loved those and her
favorite oh it's not the chicken is it
the darling boy okay I want it but
anyways you can share it yes yes you
know it is don't ya shoes but I think
before she loves stuff like that so yeah
give her a bone with little bones yeah
come on that one she can only yeah yeah
got that good girl keep yeah we got so
many Christmas chicks yeah your present
Oh what's she doing
no hello princess my family have gone
now and we also had some family friends
turn up as well which was so lovely I
literally haven't seen them in so long
and we've all just been like chatting
and catching up and it's now like 10
p.m. and I've come up to bed basically
you need to edit my video for tomorrow
which is the home tour I don't know how
long I'm going to stay awake for before
I fall asleep before I don't know how
long I'm gonna stay wakeful before I
fall asleep that's common sense I don't
know how long I'm gonna be able to stay
awake for whilst I'm editing it though
because I'm so tired I knew this would
happen I've just had that the most
hectic day and I haven't had like a
minute to sit and edit the video so
I'll start it tonight and I'll probably
finish it tomorrow morning before we
start to head back home I still have a
lot of things I need to do I need to
wrap presents I really want to go ice
skating but we haven't had time maybe
we'll get time when we get back we've
still got like a couple of days before
Christmas but it's just gone so quickly
every day now when I'm uploading my 24
days of solar videos all the comments
are like no four days left I'm just like
I can't believe there's only three
videos left as you're watching this
those three videos left and that's it
it's been a whole month but yeah I'm
just really really happy that you guys
have been enjoying it that's obviously
the most important thing and yeah I'm
probably going to end my video now
actually there's not really a lot going
to be happening now apart from me
editing and then probably falling asleep
so I'm going to end the vlog here while
I'm still awake but thank you so much
for watching today it's just being one
of those kind of nice family days and I
hope you enjoyed it I hope you're
getting to spend this Christmas time
with lots of your family and friends too
because that's what's super important
anyway go to bed now thank you so much
for watching I love you very much
