good morning everybody has another
little iron today I'm going to make a
habit of this and I can't as March
Julia Sooey Julia so this morning I
tried my hand at smoothie bowls
now these are probably the biggest
beauty balls I've ever seen I've never
had one before but I was quite happy
with that
it looks incredible Justin Enola yeah I
basically made too much smoothie so I
was like let's put this in a bowl go on
try it see what it's like it's
definitely too runny like cold soup mmm
dirt okay we got some banana coconut
raspberries and chia seeds amazing all
done I've sorted my parents out and
myself and Mark are going to head into
town have a little mooch around go for
some lunch because a Oaxaca has opened
in Brighton and Oaxaca is like one of my
favorite places to eat and normally the
only place I can eat Oaxaca is in London
and I haven't been to London at ages so
I'm so excited they've opened not in
Brighton so we're going to go there
hopefully it's not too busy because I
think it has been very busy because
obviously it's just opened and lots of
people wanted to go there to eat but I'm
excited to go into town because it's a
Monday so I feel like it won't be as
busy but the only thing is that it's
raining it really doesn't feel like
spring today and that makes me so sad so
I've got like my coat on and who needs a
like autumn I literally look like autumn
we've made it to town
holographic Wow it's an art to the only
art just going Oliver bonus I love this
huh
look it looks like my spare room
something caught your fancy 2200
underground clock is that a freaking cup
oh it's a goblet is the rose gold
pineapple goblet Cheers so cool oh
that's nice I like that is up
Alfie oh yeah how'd you want Jim died I
love this shelf Ashley I really like
that let's go look at these and those
with the little cactuses on I think
you'll like this shot by taking you in
here before
no oh by the way guys I just spent
stupid amount of money on cars to hit
amount of money because I love cards and
you know it's good to have a good
Clarion hi good to have a good
collection of cards if you never know
what occasion you might need them for
and Oliver bonus do great cards so I did
stock up there's our little Photoshop oh
you're gonna get run over
oh my god there's a picture of me
just in case that last Krypton tree make
a lot of sense um me and Mike went in
that photo but he might have seen the
vlog and I'd seen somebody else
Instagram yeah they tweeted us a picture
being like you're in the window of his
photo boob shot and mark thought it was
small hello and I saw the little ones
later I was like no I think that's like
really big so we were had to have a look
in it is quite big I mean my son is big
enough but strangers walking past like
we're looking at you and looking at
going oh you're in the window so funny
literally so funny
dented it under to turn we're happy we
made it oh my god I'm so excited you're
my kind of place
oh my he told me don't worry buddy oh
it's Larry I'm doing a video what are
you going for mmm
it's just too much tweet so you want to
get any sherry bit so do you want yeah
we could do do I get ripped though I
don't think I've ever tried it you know
I must have done that's a silly finger
day I'm melting
I like the line look at them there's
those my favorite is the black bean and
cheese quesadilla
their foods right on my god black bean
and cheese quesadilla
oh my we beaten all these delicious so
excited worried about all the pigeons
and I watched this program the other day
it was called phobias and fears and they
got a group of people to always a lot of
people around here isn't there they got
a group of people who had a severe
phobia of birds and they sort of like
helped them overcome their fear my mom
don't like those who say this is so nice
about food she's bringing on ourselves
any does she hate birds but I will feed
you should we go yeah guys I felt a
seagull but wait you can't see it
straight away you're basing your hair no
it's not is it my hair block I think
we're going to go back in somewhere we
go back in this Goku's the toilet now
let's get some whites or some
wait can I even go into Tesco a c-corp
ooh my hair yeah I eat took me a while
so please you film it so I can see it
it's like the perfect little poo put
some white marks gonna try and get it
out of my hair I really do feel like it
from my neck where is it
Oh surely that's not the only bird oh
god why go dissin my head
sigh take my coat off yeah excites you
on your coat though might be easier it's
not on my back or my neck with your
hello oh no I just touched it mark I
just touched it oh the joys of living
embroider true friendship right there
you get away from me see girl pushing
the back of the head
well good if you want to get peed on and
you want people to Nick your food come
to Brighton because the seagulls here
and greatest losses mmm yeah
oh my god the irony of fact that a
seagull just swooped down hit you on the
head stole a man's food while your take
get in bird poo I see God pull out my
hair
is it coming out yeah I'm just gonna get
I just feel like it's on my skin I don't
know why no you sure did it call my
heart
nope that's so weird felt really heavy I
saw this like group of people watch it
poo and they all just went like that and
missed it and I just felt it lambda min
I was like in poodle mark it was like no
you haven't you haven't I have I've been
poodle it all gone yeah how do you know
what that was lucky it wasn't like you
know a mammoth one it was just a little
a little one who's a little pretzel yeah
a little practice thanks MA thanks
America does anyone have any under
backsight just remark mr. al is business
goes yeah got to say fur got pooed on we
were heading towards Tesco to buy some
nuts because we've seen two sets of
people
all marks doing some vlogging we've seen
two sets of people feeding squirrels and
they actually come up and take out the
hand
so we've bought some enough so that we
can feed a squirrel see I'm so excited
I'm a little bit scared actually I hope
it doesn't fight so with the film yea-ah
he's like much in it that I'm not going
Mark's just fed this squirrel look at
him oh I touched my heart today it
touched my heart
where's he gone oh you didn't have this
one at the Walmart this around dead
ghetto it hmm look at it Oh
oh hey where did you get yeah oh they're
not shy like they actually just come up
to you look at him he's like bounding
over that's like the cutest thing I've
ever seen oh look where we've ended up
in lush we did try and bring squirrels
in but they wouldn't they go
just don't know what to do I just don't
know if I can go on marks leaving me
marks going home now guys so it's just
gonna be me and North No thank you so
much for coming to keep me company well
thanks for having me at the best time
ever best time ever
I just don't want it to go oh I miss my
collarbone oh oh it's my skull before
you could leave probably take the
hospital be like come on let's go we'll
leave your bag here yeah
marks off now had the best time um sure
are ceasing obviously obviously I'll get
rid of now what you're looking for thank
you screaming this one weekend by the
way every time up seemeth of scream
daughter right off you go
looks like you going on a two-week
holiday it is finally Nala loves me
again
whenever Mark is here she's way more
interested in him and is on his lap all
the time and now you've come back to
love me it's quite nice you just love
him too much don't you
we are currently watching Joe and Caspar
hit the road because it's on e4 which is
so cool I did actually get to see this
in the cinema for the premiere but and
I've also got the DVD so I watched it on
DVD as well but it's on television come
on focus on me but it's on television
which is just so cool I've had such a
nice weekend with Mark it's been so
funny but just so nice to like hang out
and like do lots of fun things so that
was really cool
I'm so excited to see Alfie tomorrow I'm
actually going to go to the airport
tomorrow morning to surprise him so he
doesn't know
but I just decided to go and pick him up
because I just think that would be so
nice I've not seen him for like five
days and the airport isn't too far away
from here so I called I I messaged our
management and I said hey what are our
fees flight details for landing and is
there a car booked for him to bring him
home and she said there is a car booked
and told me where he'd be so she's
cancelled the car so I'm gonna go
instead and I really don't think he'll
be expecting it because I don't often do
things like this um it was just because
I was like oh I'd be so nice and I
really missed him and he won't be
expecting it at all but it'll also be
really nice because I'll get to see
Louise and Marcus and yes they'll be
really tired because it's like
ridiculous o'clock but I just thought it
would be so fun to do like I'm really
excited it does mean I have to get up at
like 5:30 a.m. because their flight gets
in at like half 6:00 in the morning I
think so
in order to be there on time and to look
half presentable I do have to get up at
a ridiculous hour but I think it will be
really fun
I'm really excited look at this dog she
is so tired she's gone
oh she looks like a black cat Halloween
liquor legs
oh my god why are you so cute
