all right welcome to vlogmas day tow
18:18 sorry i'm went
look at this we've packed the car so
tightly because we're heading back home
now is in the middle in our seatbelt and
then there's Joe and work oh you'll
connect to the seatbelt yeah she's in
there just to be safe I think she's a
bit confused two thoughts go down but
this just looks so funny trick are we
there yet I'm there yet are we there
she'll just be asleep she'll probably
sleep on your lap we'll rest her head on
your lap this is so packed full but I
can still see out the back we wanted to
be safe right let's head off shall we
oh she thinks she's coming with me bye
Joe good luck see you on the other side
see you on the other side oh I could see
me in the window right didn't even have
time to do my makeup nothing I've
literally got up wrapped a load of
presents through for me and Alfie just
got everything in the car we did a
pretty good job actually it's not like
as far as I thought yeah no way is
powerful it's all I can feel like see
out the back perfectly fine oh yeah like
it's not right ridiculous Alf you're in
charge of the music I don't suffer three
hours or some day oh no the Train is on
my track Seabourn's she's alright okay
likes to see forward let's do this
I just got my foot in the door wait a
min shut up my foot in the door so I'm
doing we just had a little pit stop at
the station Nala did two poos in a way
yeah
there you go yeah first road trip
yeah hey you guys Ross oh yeah Alan
oh yes egg there you go oh my god these
are the back out reason so well how good
am I oh well hates is the Aston I'll
pass me food while I'm driving
oh yeah but I tell you guys what
Casper's ah
you
never let guys holy
donate so lunge can you zoom it in for
me I can't do it remember we visited it
for a school trip no I never went I went
to Avery stones not as a boring version
plus oh maybe I went to Avebury we were
right yeah that was quite a good journey
actually Alfie's just grabbing some
stuff from the car um I can come and
help you in a minute
alfe we've got so much I know I know
um neither is very excited I'm running
around the garden you're right dad
are you excited to have a stay so
excited are you really Christmassy we
look forward to Easter yeah he's the
time whew
Joe is about to test drive an Audi what
is it r8 euro an Audi r8 is his dream
car is very excited I bet it is really
powerful nah you guys
by Joe you weren't so sure about that
way you nala bear no let's go back in
now and very happy to be here are you
happy to be here Nala if any of you a
bit confused my dad's actually moved how
since I last vlog in in a house he lives
in this is now his house I have actually
been here before but I never I wasn't
logging at the time so my bedroom is
actually different now let me show you
it's weird though because it's kind of
the same as my old bedroom it's just a
different layout so this is where me and
Alfie will be sleeping so we've got my
desk in my chair a fireplace is dill and
a mirror and then a little side table
and my lamp and then a bed and yeh it's
a double bed as you make it is to come
back and visit my dad oh I look gray we
had to share a single bed because that's
all I had but now in his new house
there's space for a double bed so you've
got double bed now and then the other
thing I used to have in my bedroom and
the same rug so it's all pretty much the
same except a different a different
house in a different room look at this
drawing that I did of myself when I was
younger so we look at that the grass
goes up my legs how funny is that I just
put that on the wall my deaf is going to
be like I didn't put that there
we're just going to chill now for a bit
because obviously I've just done like a
three-hour drive nah let's just have the
time of her life outside because my
dad's got a huge garden so she's been
running around like crazy absolutely
loving it got the TV on it's really nice
and toasty my dad's gone to pick Joe up
because he's obviously gone to like run
around in the art right um and then with
tonight I think we're having a roast
dinner tonight which I'm so excited
about if you guys are watching my vlogs
for a while or you kind of know of my
dad's roast then you'll know they're the
best thing in the entire world so I am
very excited or after no just take an
hour out for a wee I kind of want to let
go I feel like she won't run away but
I'm just not sure because good go come
on stay close
good girl I grew up in the countryside
so this is kind of like where I feel the
most kind of at peace I think I love
Brighton I love that it's a bit more
fast-paced but it's not as fast paced as
London but I really enjoy being here the
air feels fresher and I just like to see
lots of green and another is loving my
dad's garden because it's so big don't
disobey me oh it doesn't need to
remember to break go out next time
ladies and gents is Danny Suggs and the
reason you can never normally see him is
cause he's father Christmas oh and look
at you take a self favor me and dad just
got a bit carried away with making sure
real festive even oh do you feel festive
now I especially like the mice hanging
from your body I'm from your big glasses
look at that I think you look really
festive right me and dad I've gone on a
mission to things brief
very excited I've not been to this
Sainsbury's in a while me old Saints
breeze I look all the lights Wow
milk shimmer going to town on the
Christmas lights that's quite impressive
isn't it oh it's not crashing to the
police dad should be in my way we're
gonna win it the same route de Sainsbury
- same we would go winning - Sainsbury's
now you finish it no oh can we go this
way where are you going
Oh get in a thriller look Anna and
Jonathan they've got your favorite musi
or oats or whatever you call it here in
things breeze okay your thumbnail Oh
guys that thumbnail look some nail my
dad's having a go at me because I've
never played this game so we're going to
get it because we're having I said for
having a rose about a million times
we're gonna play this tonight for dinner
so happy now no hmm guys this is just
still so weird
oh why do they put that on the front
come on
look at my face is sick yeah how'd you
feel about that bad noise weird
alertness Joe as well
oh no look there's a fee look guys we're
number three yeah dad's being naughty
it's just said now we're number one part
do that badge this one does come with a
special bookmark though oh there it is
oh I like that
very nice there you go guys special
bookmark where you going ah notice on
one side and then that
have you read it yet dad Chapter eleven
are you enjoying it so far it's
fantastic finished up in Sainsbury's
we're going to make our way back home
now Alfie just called me and he said
that knowledge been crying at the door
because she doesn't know where I've gone
poor little baby okay guys so I've
christmast up the bedroom a little bit
yeah very light and I've also put these
little keep these with these are in
Sainsbury's I just picked them up to put
in here they're little Christmas jumpers
it's like Christmas jumper bunting and
then got fairy lights on the bed and I
don't know if any of you watched my top
5 candles but I talked about a gold one
from Sainsbury's it's this one for any
of you who are wondering it smells
really good so I've lit that so that
when we come to bed it smells all
festive I look at this little puppy she
loves this rug because it's so thick and
fluffy she's just like zonked oh ah this
is your favorite rug look at her hand
what's going on here you're a bit hot
you're a bit hard should we take your
jumper off no no don't chew the rug
doesn't this just feel like my old room
it just feels like I'm in my old room I
just can't get my head around it I feel
like none of you would have even been
able to tell I didn't say that
my dad had changed houses don't know why
she's trying to eat the rug it's been a
time look at this so exciting all we
need to pull crap how are we gonna do is
when we've all got one hand
no but you're not yeah yeah yeah did you
days look at alfea the old man in the
corner in his chair how was dinner
so good you washed that all right
perfectly fill up like one mouthful more
and I would have been too for that well
done dad good hello yes well done dad it
was really great okay present-giving
time I'm gonna give Joe this one first
boy first Playboy lookit guys is present
miss army like my gift repair luckily go
over the top you know going over the top
I don't know Joe Oh
like wrapping can I get a drumroll dead
oh you gotta wrap it yeah hey why did
the tow technique put their toe on it
well you guys yeah hold it in place
brilliant have you seen something Marty
very sanitary thing no it's not my
sellotape why there's only a small bit
of rat brain oh my god Joe it's like a
giant quality street go on get in there
son
God well your rate tracking this out
Alfie who is it come on tears rushing
coffee yeah oh that's quite nice I can
serve in summer oh wow I know I know I'm
sorry it's winter but for my baby
Oh God when is the cinema yeah see I
knew I knew I knew that I thought yeah
nothing bigger and it makes up his voice
oh nice catch Zoe this is for you Noah
Alan's got a present what is admit go
compare maker oh now she likes it she's
such an outlet am I going to kill I have
to kill oh it's going straight for the
jugular
nope
yep scum fianlly Oh crazy ready go get
it
she loves it oh and you get it going
why don't stand is why dogs do that I
didn't do it when that gave me this I
didn't start trying to buy anything
apart right yeah no no no it's mine nada
this is from my dad oh no other things
just has Oh Terry
no Christmas chocolate and it's a pug
life but you came from the magazine yeah
see you say oh yeah we ha ha ha je
t'aime oh my time this guy oh I figured
downwind it good job over no open it
from that just rip the sellotape off
don't hold that where he's gonna fight
me is it gone
oh one company oh it's like more can
imagine more cameras on it is it a
pillow or something oh just wait I said
big office down there I reckon I know
you Joan you putting inside a nice
box
yeah it was smirk on your face oh it's
just air bubbles no shimmy really so
where did you have wrong eBay no it's a
Master System holy it's the one we
used to play now open their controllers
yeah Oh open the other one is so cool
holy crap Oh
get it playing yeah I know something was
it gonna so get turned on I'm so happy
oh my oh my god you not even open the
box properly
okay go how they're gonna miss you ha ha
ha ha ha this is like one all the
classics wait keep going through the
streets of rage yeah oh ha ha ha ha
cat mania mania oh we could be here all
day really good remember that word
Batman Returns yeah oh look at the
cartridges I know
so it's so tumblr I know but yeah how
many forget just a few final this online
died we can play this tonight look the
jungle book case how many other only all
the classics all over that over this one
yeah cast of illusion that's this the
first game I ever bought with it very
fletcher we went to pink planet in
Chipping oh yeah and it's the first game
I ever bought Strider how weird
I remember this bloom of Mines the first
ever game I ever got really yeah holy
 action oh my god I'm gonna take
this back to London with me oh yeah
that's my face that's my face dad how
are you look fanboying right now you're
freaking out oh no one more a lot more I
also just realized I left one at home
yeah oh yeah this Bhuvan one yeah yeah
holy I tried to get all the ones we
used to play this would be 32 I know I
know how crazy is that from Wawa from
Woolworths in Woolworths who were spies
I've also got Lion King as well at home
yeah I forgot to I don't know where else
you put that is so good thank you so
much that's all right
how fun to play them that's so fun we
probably should plug it in now play it
yeah we might I don't know if I think
all the cables are there but I don't
know if you have to buy like something
that like you're gonna driver
yeah oh thank you so I guys you got the
master system working on so excited hmm
I member searching for passwords - oh my
god Joe this game is nicking that
Bresler Oh
oh
I forgot what you have to do catch the
bread ready
are you there an end jump over the
barrels in one of the Russian pots
timber this that and let the music to
the hole this is so easy now I don't I
wouldn't take that I feel like Joe is
gonna be in here all night going through
all these games watch the hall Oh Prince
Ali yeah Larry print sorry Lyle Ali is
for challenging for a kids game I'm
always catching me up
dad's not having to go on Jungle Book
classic game and I am gonna go up to bed
now because I'm super tired it's like
1:00 a.m. guys yeah yeah you're gonna
play this until the early hours it is it
is o promise you anyway I'm gonna end my
vlog here thanks so much for watching I
hope you've enjoyed today if it thumbs
up if you did say goodbye Joe boy you
like your present
I love their the best is the best
Christmas ever yeah very much Cole oh no
dad Sam died does know okay guys oh you
blew Christmas tree
