everybody welcome to blogeee birthday 70
I am so tired this morning I've been
awake since 6:00 I just woke up and I
couldn't slow when stretching just grew
hot when I couldn't get back to sleep
because I knew I had so much to do today
side this is so frustrating because you
know she needs the toilet but she won't
go out look she knows she needs the
toilet but she won't go out as well this
is what I have to resort to oh those are
bad what these lights do in no this is
not there we go sparkling is nice
epic disco hmm not so much I have so
much to do today
Joe is coming I need to wrap his
presents I need to film and edit oh gosh
I need to film and edit a video for
today and I also have to buy presents
because for Joe's video we're doing like
a Secret Santa type thing hurry rapid
you me me so you should buy presents but
I don't know what what at what point I'm
going to be able to actually do that
because max please me Nala
do you not bug like that those naughty
Oh God my dog is gonna wake everybody up
busy day I need to get started this is
not going away
joy joy to the world let's make myself a
big old glass of water and whack it into
my app okay we've got Marla's breakfast
with her little antibiotic in it try and
cover it over she'll never know you're
gonna wait wait there's no need to make
those noises wait wait good girl good
girl good girl going in
also guys look like the Radio Times I am
so excited to flick through this and see
what amazing Christmassy films are in
there let's see
oh gosh I've gone straight to the 27th
what films have we got Polar Express Toy
Story the Snowman how to train a dragon
Oh lots and lots and lots have a look
here
Scrooge home alone - classic Seven
Brides for Seven Brothers tan look was
auto Christmas Day got Wizard of Oz
amazing Michael bubl√©'s Christmas 2015
yes yes yes need to get my highlight
around gopher um what else brave I've
actually never seen brave Oh No until
all of the other reindeer Colette ik 555
though not sure I'm going to be awake
for that all there's some good stuff
right let's have a look at ulta Muppet
Christmas Carol 1:45 so good
snowman snow dog yes snowman father
Christmas yes all good have a look at
Christmas Eve Christmas Eve okay
National Lampoon's Christmas vacation
it's a wonderful life
snowman again snowman and snow dog
Jamie's night before Christmas
my crazy Christmas lights literally me
um what else have we got and Finding
Nemo not very Christmassy but a
Christmas carol Alf buddy's musical
Christmas I've not seen that yeah I mean
Christmas Eve is not that good maybe I
don't know
there's a lot of like funny things on on
Christmas Eve cool anyway it's not
Christmas unless you've got one of these
so it's now officially Christmas I am
also on to my second 300 milliliters of
water so Cheers
yeah water stay hydrated it is the
season to be hydrated
I've just finished filming a top 5
festive candles video which I thought
was a really fun idea and I actually saw
a lot of you request that video and I
had one space for today where I didn't
have a video idea so that is what I have
done today so I just need to edit that I
am wearing a very festive jumper I think
this is from ASOS men's section possibly
got a little hat on feeling very festive
myself and Alfie are actually going for
brunch with Leon and Carly if you don't
know who they are I will leave a link to
their channels in the description box of
this video they're both so lovely and so
funny so I'm really looking forward to
going for brunch with them but yes
so that is what I've been doing just now
that's why I've got me my makeup all
done the lipstick I'm wearing is
Charlotte Tilbury red carpet red and I
absolutely love it
I feel like it's such a beautiful like
deep red and it's a matte as well and I
honestly do think matte lipstick suit me
way better than them like moisturizing
kind of shiny ones it's probably got a
better name than moisturizing shiny but
I really need to tidy the house up it's
making me kind of stressed how messy it
is plus when I went to Tania and Jim's
the other night Maddie had more pa box
stuff for me I don't know if I've
already mentioned that so that's all in
my car like three more bags of stuff so
I need to go through that and sort that
out
Joe's also coming today which I'm
excited about
um yeah got a lot to do a lot to do I've
got an hour to edit this video
and then we need to be out so I also
haven't had lunch and another nectarine
I love nectarines why dressing up so
weird I love nectarines guys gonna edit
and eat a nectarine and then in an hour
we're off I reckon I could do it in an
hour
it's got to be speedy it was quite a
quick video which felt weird I kind of
stopped myself from rambling basically
what went with the memory card Anala oh
jeez I also still have a headache
I've had it for a while but according to
my water up I have actually had 50% of
my water intake today already and it's
half past 10
so I'm not doing too bad in that area
being happier now in the brownie what
have you got in your milkshake they're
just nice little innocence no change
it's basically just a nice more yeah
children protein of a milk almond milk
obviously yeah
yes nicely here Colliver believe yeah I
look through it yes we don't receive it
as well so it's like a nest box yeah we
didn't make it more not so cute
we don't do it now not for sure about
night resided thanks noticing reading
committee if not she does anything o
Cochin bishop runs she's chewy and
anything you've enjoyed is much for you
for one side supply resin so we've just
finished at lunch with Carla early on
who are quite possibly two of the most
lovely human beings in the world I'm
actually going to miss them a little bit
they've gone off shopping and now we are
going to find poppy
where is Muffy is she rose back shop if
she's in back oh oh there's a new Mac
absolutely no g-guess she's going to be
dangerous I need to pick up some
presents with Joe for this video I have
no idea what to get him they've got to
be silly playing I know there's a good
shot in here okay we'll go into that but
yes having a really lovely afternoon
look at that London of a police bear
I probably should look I'm actually I
wrecked me look at the map shop oh my
goodness it looks incredible
where's poppy I'm gonna make a jump
she's not in here oh yeah she's a hotel
she's at the key just went into like a
fun kids shop and they had a few little
bit yeah this is why walk a target or
the turkey hat you remember when we had
the taxi yeah
and
can you buy me a Furby fingers mustard a
lot Furby Furby yeah you don't want to
be remember them yeah I do you remember
Furbies I don't actually know and if I
did it would have been how did you get
your Furby and I didn't have enough
unlucky davidic money she's at five-inch
have you so good at right I'm about to
set off home basically Alfie and poppy
are now shopping for my Christmas
present with Alfie which was the whole
reason that he's obviously coming to
town so he was like yes you could go now
that would be great because I want to
buy your present and I was like fine
just got kicked out of town although to
be fair I didn't get home for Nala so
it's fine it works out fine just got
back and there's been a delivery of my
Teen Choice Awards which are surfboards
so I don't know if any of you remember
but I won a Teen Choice Award in 2014
and I've worn one this year so I've got
both hair I don't know what I'm gonna do
with them but they're so cool and
apparently you can actually surf on them
I mean I'm definitely not doing tagging
these down to Brighton Beach and trying
to ride a frickin wave but I need to
find somewhere to put these because when
I'm old and gray I'm gonna look at these
awards and be like yeah those were the
days look you can actually see my name
there so uh I don't want to unwrap them
because until I know where I want to put
them I don't want them to get damaged so
I'm just gonna leave them in the bubble
wrap but how cool is wow what a nice
thing to come back to that's so cool so
that's 2014 and that's 2015 yeah it's
quite an impressive award isn't it let's
go surf in I'm just reading all your
lovely comments on the vlog where I was
talking about anxiety which for me was
yesterday's vlog but as you're watching
this it was two days ago why did that
take me so long to work out um and also
I met a couple of viewers today who both
said to me that that video made them
feel so much better and I often forget I
know it sounds stupid but I
do this and I'm just me and I just kind
of float along in my own world and I
kind of forget that me talking about
something that I have kind of lived with
for over ten years can kind of resonate
with people I kind of forget I suppose
how many people I can help simply by
talking about something and it's been
really nice like you guys kind of
opening up to me too because it is kind
of hard like it's not easy to kind of to
talk about something that you find
difficult or that you struggle with so I
just want to say you're all very brave
and I love you all a lot and yeah as I
said in yesterday's vlog don't feel like
this is how you're going over the rest
of your life because it's not and you
can change it and you can do the things
that you struggle with now that you feel
like you'll never be able to do you can
do it together we can do it so um yeah I
just wanted to say that cuz I was
reading through all your comments and
they were all so lovely and I just love
you all and wish I could give you all a
massive hug look you see ya
Joe see ya finally you are oh hey trophy
hit myself to Managua they can't go
drive away how forgive up sue my bagon
swung it into it's your favorite uncle
job
good I'm good good
she's like showing off with our toilet
look what I can do yeah that's what I
was always right this is happening right
now Josie yeah thank you
that's what's making it happen that it
knowledge absolutely terrified them as
well I love you a little little paint
I'll show the guinea pigs shape akan and
Percy James you can see them
she's probably hiding like Oh terrifying
you look no no I think I've stairs
upstairs oh you're real that as a
funniest thing it's so it's so good yeah
run from the corner look look how creepy
this is guys imagine this run at you
there dark field ready 3 2 1 go watch I
have felt that chair oh I got it
oh my god that's terrifying if I didn't
know is your Hummer set oh you got your
quit with toy beam it up two of those
how would you work in this yeah look up
- there you go yeah we do know you guys
bad try and do it does do that now watch
me whip now watch me nae nae now watch
me whip whip watch me nae nae
OHP Oh watch me watch me oh yeah be
ridiculous hey we want to go in the suit
me and Joe have just finished filming
and now he looks like this he wanted to
go in the suit it's quite funny I think
you need to wait what does it look like
if I put this on with no I think much is
party drinking happening back
is it like that scene and um hit the
road all over again oh yeah she is
literally moving through the thumbnail
you're smiling
get me smile yeah um I've got my
lipstick in there right yeah I think my
kids by I mean someone else's house and
running around drinking it and
blackcurrant guess what guys fell asleep
on the sofa didn't I what surprise is
not like I do that every evening I fell
asleep on a safe or I don't even know
what the time is now but we've all gone
to bed Joe's gone to bed our pieces
quickly dinners teeth I'm about to take
all this makeup off and yeah it had a
really fun day I hope you've enjoyed the
videos leaving tomorrow
fairly early to go back to Wiltshire I
packed up my little bag and I packed up
kind of bag of food take back with us
because I bought I mean we did a food
shop pretty recently so I've decided I'm
going to just take back yourself
I'm just plugging so I decided we're
going to take back some food to my dad's
and then it just saves him having to go
out and buy some stuff anyway so I've
kind of put together two bags already
and we've got popping Shaun coming here
to look after the guinea pigs which um
oh now if we just threw a tampon at me
why did you sort of and hopefully I'm
gonna have time to run out and get my
eyebrow sergeant threaded it in the
morning but I don't actually know if I'm
going to be able to I might have to like
pluck them myself which I haven't done
for like over a year I've been resisting
doing that at all costs
but we'll see we'll see what happens
anyway I love you guys very much thank
you so much for watching this video do
you love them very much and have so much
fun tomorrow yeah excited
