morning so this morning I had plans to
go into town with poppy to get my
eyebrows done forgot that Accardo was
delivering between 10:00 and 11:00 and
alfea's not here so I was like I I don't
know I think in the back of my head I
was like wow he could be here oh he's
not here and there's no one that can be
here oh I thought that was the Accardo
van I got so excited so I'm essentially
just waiting for my Accardo delivery and
then I am going to rush into town to
meet poppy and Shawn and gonna be
getting these done me brows because
they're getting a bit unruly again they
seem to do it quite quickly oh my god I
wondered what the hell that was
yesterday it was spring today it's
autumn I've got my little hat on I've
got quite a thin coat on though like
this is kind of more of a spring jacket
it's quite long I don't know how I can
show you my outfit Oh upstairs I need to
sort this room out because mark is
coming to stay tomorrow and it's quite
messy anyway here's me outfit got this
coat on this is a Topshop jacket I also
have this on which is from Topshop it's
a body so it like poppers Andrea that's
really laid like I've got my Anna
ciccone rose gold Aries pendant on and
these jeans are from Zara and I've got
my sparkly glittery converse which I am
absolutely obsessed with so those are my
gums for this splendid Friday daytime
day come on a cloud oh I want to go into
town also guys I just want to show you
this because these are my friends John
and Leon also known as the lean machines
on YouTube you might know of them they
are two of the nicest guys I have ever
met and they are full of knowledge and
they are bringing out this book which I
believe I'll leave a link in the
description box you can pre-order but
it's out really super soon
so check it out if you want to eat well
move better and feel awesome I really
like that little little note to Zoey
Nala and that hairy gremlin who lives
with you I adore you guys thank you as I
say for being amazing human beings we
really hope you enjoy the book with
lovely on John inflicted a little
drawing of Alfie I said with bingo wings
but I think that's meant to be like
muscles terrific this is a very true
depiction of alphas legs though there's
so many things in here they don't just
talk about like recipes and exercises
they also talk about mind States and you
know being happy and feeling confident
which i think is amazing sweet potato
brownies okay I'm going to have to make
some other things in here protein Falls
and then look exercises and they show
you how to do them which is really good
but you can also check out their YouTube
channel I'll leave a link to that in the
description box as well so you can go
and actually watch them doing all these
amazing things but yeah super proud of
you both and I grab the book the O card
Obama's here o card o is Logan called o
card o a card o it's finally time for me
to go into town at 10:30 not too bad but
if half-and-half parked me car up now I
just need to find poppy and Shawn
let me give her a call and see where she
is
think Pepe is as bad that answering her
phone as me
let's just go on a poppy and Shawn gets
chained we're short who's gone send
coffee come on
oh dear there's like a band over here
oh sure if you shut your eyes it's like
you're in Greece like a listen ah it's
quite gone oh I know what the hell I
said I woke up this morning and I was
like the scream and I woke up this
morning and I said it's like bloody
autumn today
not only do I get take selfies with all
of you already today we've been in town
for like 20 minutes so I have I've had
three months healthy so you know he's
very sweet they're like oh my god it's
my daughter's birthday on some Dane can
I please get a picture like sure Lorch
otherwise they're typing birthday and
yeah it's really cute love the mums it's
just oh my god they look so good
eyebrows are now done see you're so chic
oh you're thin hey I don't know yes I
know I look really good though mine got
children a little bit and we're just in
boots now but let they have a next
counter which is cool the contour kit
looks really good
Shantay now like Shawn look what is just
found I know our what is a little like
sample like a little J it's like tiny
little funny on minute sure
Beautyblender oh there is oh my god
that's all I can wonder where all the
light yet stuff was is it gonna work
ensuring boots so anyone getting in this
little NYX butter gloss in creme brulee
oh
oh no wait I'm sorry
it's just come out the top maybe maybe
it was just kind of the force of it it
might study align be right getting a
little collection concealer get in one
of these in the color these are the soft
matte lip creams in the color Sydney me
too
I don't know what the color is though
hands this one in Copenhagen you live in
there no I haven't this but we need to
go to case if you're doing and I've also
got these ones which is the bourgeois
ones but funny story me and poppy both
forgot our cards today so Sean's paying
for it is why they invited me up
shopping looks like a paper so basically
this is a Sean hall so thanks Sean sighs
use all of these yeah obviously I get a
paint back I will pay you back Sean
what I'm still filming I was like
walking on like this we just had a
sneaky little shopping session in
spacing k again because if Shaun
although you got some best viewing I
don't yeah wasn't intense I really got
one thing I got oh you're right Bob I
should watch your and good yeah go just
went at like a 90 degree and great for
those of it right yes whenever you say
something funny
yeah I only picked up my one of my fav
foundations it which is the nice Mont
Blanc so come on got one of them that's
all I need today what bag
oh my god it's kind of site go to talk
though on it get that Shawn Holladay
well we should get your mum let's get it
for Amanda Sean you're my personal
shopper sorry
Biagio Sean cause you're what are you
waving at I think great go for it
I bet poppy just walked out of the shop
I've already picked there we know what I
want youto yeah show you them show them
Shawn thinks I should get this this is
what Shawn's picked out are they cool oh
my god
flippin ridiculous I'll put them on my
face my eyes as a result of the day yeah
this is the outfit sort of text me I'm
very great and these are the glasses
I bet leaves look good on you though
those I like the shape of them oh that's
that friend but you know the ones I gave
you because they they are big yeah the
same brand I can't say it kid he can
explain I think way so I don't know that
progresses because it is recursive guys
it has been a while since I have been
into another accessories I just that it
feels like I'm ten again I used to love
the shop when I was ten you get this a
familiar
yeah he's get the fake hearing is the
easy ones you had basically pop you up
in earring so she's come to get some
morons but yeah I used to spend my
pocket money in here all the time
it was my fav place I'm back now and I
have just finished about an hour and 10
minute long chat with my dad just
catching up and I've made myself some
lunch I've made a halloumi spinach red
pepper and balsamic wrap I've made two
of them and they are so delicious mmm
really good got the dishwasher on I have
chopped and put away all the fruit for
some smoothies and now I am going to
catch up on Geordie Shore because I love
it and I'm about three episodes behind
so I need to do a little a little bit or
a lot of catching up I'm speaking to
Nala oh it's gone so cold
I've got like one of alphas like huge
jumpers on to keep me warm but we've
also had a pa box delivery
so we're gonna go through there but I
don't know whether I'm going to show you
all um if there's any new cool products
because I have actually already filmed a
video which you may have already seen by
this point where I talk through lots of
the new kind of beauty releases because
I love watching those videos so I
decided to film one of those so I
probably won't show too much that's in
here because I think I'll do that
in a main Channel video but I am gonna
go and cut through this now she always
thinks there's something in it for her
which most the time there is hey I just
opened this gold box and there was this
little note inside from galaxy and look
at this that is insane thank you so much
guys well me and Mark can eat these at
the weekend caramel shortcake oh these
are like the ones we tried before but
the big versions honeycomb crisp
yes please oh my god Alfie's favorite
minstrels oh my goodness
look at it amazing not for you Nala also
loving this I have one very similar
thereby hydrate mate hydrate mate it
says work hard dream big and I think
this is one that you can put like fruit
down the middle and it's just got like
how much you need to drink by what time
and then you refill it once and it's
kind of like how much you need to drink
in a day which I just think is so cool
so I thought these were very cool these
are some adult coloring books by lorna
Scobie and i love these books anyway and
they just look so cool and she wrote me
a really lovely letter but also she drew
this picture of Nala which is so cute
so thank you so much law notes that is
the most amazing drawing Amala I've ever
seen it's like so
accurate yeah thank you so much I'm
gonna enjoy coloring these in for sure
yeah I'll uh oh wait where are you well
be gone let me go yeah a nice quick look
at faithful men yeah
now let's behind gonna say hello to Nala
puppy heads moving machine hey Sean
Charlie shall we go she came to hear it
in the phone but her heads doing like
the same thing
sure go see papi sure shall we shall we
go
I've listened to this the whole journey
here because she gets so excited what's
that noise she gets so excited she can't
contain herself because she knows where
we're going so I've been listening to
that the whole Drive hair
should we go now si papi sure look who
else is here the competition's begin
just showing papi what's coming out soon
I literally want it now oh my god that
bear I've got one at home up here it's
got two sides yeah you like the
packaging sure no packaging look oh my
god I love it
oh but what is that you're below loser
today I love to smell my hand so I'm now
showing papi and Shawn something else
that's coming out this year this is one
of my favorite things
Oh - oh my god so
- I'm gonna praise good don't break it
oh my god sorry I just wasn't sure how
do it okay stay we're currently watching
an animal
we are currently watching the island
with Bear Grylls I am really loved in
this program it's really good
and you've got two pizzas no two boxes
for my one Itza no I did wonder he
warded mastica oh oh because they
wouldn't fit Nala get away it's not me
Erik sizes we got as easy now thank you
so much Shawn but the bread the bread
with the dick is the best thing ever so
good isn't it yes delish I just went
very classic he's into Moscow oh there's
not cut it oh well I didn't eat it I'll
just eat that straight up and it was in
it
oh my god she's gonna be so tired look
at her tail when she does it uncurls get
it on her love that boy way too much me
and honor are off now
oh where she gone this year by lads for
you later have fun oh don't let the
bedbugs bite and all that business just
like literally asleep by you later
cheerio god bless you have a great time
goodbye
have a beautiful day make the most of
life may be adventurous Louisa it lifted
it are you this low moaner Oh
ah
