good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 22 oh you're down there
I'm ready
ah-so had a bit of a slow start today
I've woken up with a cold definitely a
little bit gutted about that because I
really don't want to feel like this on
Christmas Day and also there's only like
two more days left of vlogmas and I
don't want them to be like ill infused
vlogs but I am powering through because
I refuse to let this ruin my Christmas
or get the better of me
so I'm nurofen up tissue egg
and I'm all wrapped up warm myself and
Alfie are heading into town to do a
little bit of shopping an errand running
no no she's like probably listening to
me hey oh she's very tired today
you're very sleepy right I'm ready ready
as I'll ever be
oh oh did I turn the lights off this is
my outfit I am wearing today I've got my
hat on misguided hat which I've worn a
lot this month I also have a black polo
neck on under here just to give me
another element of warmth then I have
this hoodie which I got from Urban
Outfitters last year well this year
maybe I can't remember more self love
love it and I've got that tucked oh
that's nice let's put that label away
and I've got that tucked into a pair of
these trousers these are from and other
stories and then my coat is also from
and other stories I love this I always
think like very long line jackets don't
really suit me but I think this length
works
I think this length doesn't this length
works and this one
and then I have my white Easy's on do
the white Easy's have a proper name when
they just do white Easy's have a proper
name or they just white Easy's that's
cream cream white it's a good job I've
got a boyfriend that knows a lot of
shoes yeah that is my outfit I really
like it I think it's very chic not very
festive not very Christmassy but it's
gonna keep me warm and that's the most
important thing let's go what we're
saying about how busy towns gonna be
whatever week is yeah Friday I don't
think it's gonna be as busy as it will
be tomorrow yes that we're there
I'd love to know how many of you have oh
no focus
how many of you have already finished
all your Christmas shopping or are going
to brave going into your local town to
do a bit more I think this year we've
nailed like most presents
I've still got still have a few small
ones no anything that big nothing major
there's just a few like we need to do
the food shop we still need your food
shot sorry that's cold
so it's not an electric car yeah yeah
really nice as I was saying we still
need to do our food shop which is
impurity which is important because if
we don't have that food of we have no
Christmas like dinner and that's what
I'm nervous about going into a
supermarket tomorrow and then there be
no stop left and there being no food we
like to go today I feel like this is
literally the worst time for me to feel
ill again yeah beautiful Christmas no
your feel better before and I really
hope so I really really hope so
otherwise I just have to do the rest at
issue at my nose we go to 42 juice and
get you like we need an immunity boost
yeah it won't taste good but you just
have to drink it yeah I'm always ill
eight in winter no I've got the whole
year with no call I have and I've had
two in December the whole year I was
even saying this the other day to
somebody I was like I haven't I don't
remember the last time I was like snotty
and had a cold and felt fluey then I got
in at the start of December and now I'm
ill again oh well these things happens
nothing I can do apart from you know
rest
at least my spirits are still very high
because it's Christmas time otherwise I
would just be in my bed watching Netflix
but no we have lots to do and Christmas
ain't gonna wait for me
Marsha we did motive because always L I
was able to postpone Christmas for the
whole world I could postpone it myself
how I do that though I won't do that to
poppy and shawl and Amanda a neck and
yeah
can you imagine no guys we're gonna do a
Christmas Day on Boxing Day this year
instead doing a little stop off at one
of our favorite up coffee shops
flowerpot
for an essential bit of grub and drink
oh my god my nose is like a tap so gross
and now and I'm holding your hand in you
go
come into my photo booth because me and
help me always like taking these
pictures and we don't have any like new
ones who I've now got like proper frizzy
hair but yeah we're gonna take the pic
face day how much is it
53 one pound fifty pound
yes we're just coming to a little friend
Alfie just broke his camera because I
think we weren't ready for those oh my
gosh my broken camera oh it's like it's
got like a blurred effect on it I love
it right should we plan these ones a
second one camera now fold it back
ah that key I like them do you like them
no the first one is gee I like them
makes me head down go go go
it's that thing where everyone's a
zombie and you're all like in a line
like you even at right we've managed to
pick up a few bits and take some nice
black and white photos at the same time
and Alfie didn't break his camera so
that's good oh wait have you tried to
film on it is that a broker and then
fixed it oh my good it did break and
then I just know the lens wouldn't go in
so I just run out this and I hit it in
that way that's the way to fix
everything just whack it turn it off and
on a whacky and then just hope for the
best anyway we're gonna hide your guns
as we need foliage for the table so
hopefully they've got them
foliage done Alfie's got some as well
now we need to get boxes for the
Christmas Eve boxes I have one which I
used to the video but I never bought
five more so we just need to find like a
nice gift box or something maybe paper
chain I mean it's quite fun but we drop
these back of the car them sure yeah
yeah we'll do that oh my god I'm eating
my own hair not that any of you need to
know this but there are so many poos in
the back alleys embroidery no no no
there's not
I can't handle can we stop walking this
way earlier on we walked past a used
tampon and a pile of human poo and now
oh yes I'm a vlogger just let you know
Merry Christmas and now there's just
more poo if this bit it's just this
little bit outfit there's always
something that I wish I hadn't seen in
this alleyway
everytime we always walk this way one of
these days it's going to be me that
stands in it as well and there's like a
big blood stain oh there okay we're
heading 242 juice because Alfie wants to
buy me something to make me better
immunity baby oh God I'm not good at
these things
we got the boxes thank goodness and they
come flat packed with
makes all the difference because it
means we don't have to carry like six
huge boxes back to the car which is good
and what the 42 juice juice is now we're
heading to Zara to collect the package
and Christmas pudding fantastic which
one's your favorite Christmassy one Oh
what I'd probably go for the gingerbread
cheesecake yeah it's really really good
it's glad I got that one and we're done
can I get a whoop high-five just had to
go and collect my zara order it was a
bit big wasn't it Alfie massive oh we
had to carry it and it was so big but
it's just more more than anything it's
just an awkward shape and the handle was
gonna snap so Alfie was just like
there's no way of carrying this
comfortably but we've done it but back
in the car and we're heading to off his
parents now because Alfie is going to
pick up the piano and then you're gonna
put it together tonight which I'm so
excited for because then I get to wrap
it oh yeah I've got enough wrapping
paper to wrap a piano I reckon maybe
I have oh I have watch the snowman in
Brighton I'd never noticed that small
I think we should watch it or we get
back
or when lips are so like hard needs to
mix box it's really trying to defeat me
I'll give you that I am head to toe
shivering all over so we just got back
and I'm running myself above it's gonna
be a really hot bar I'm gonna oh I think
we've got a product actually
it meant to be really good for when
you're else
equilibrium okay it's this one so today
I bought this quite while ago
and obviously I don't use it and less
like I'm being elf but it says this
immune boosting aroma therapeutic
formula created by aromatherapy
Alchemist Michele Rock O'Neal helps
combat cold and flu like symptoms make
it your first line support when defenses
are low and you go run down
essential oils of the powerful natural
immune support to body and mind when you
feel weak and the inner fortification I
mean that's just what I need so I'm
gonna drop that when you do this just
drop one cup of oil it's hot running for
them so for 15 minutes okay I'm gonna
put this in
I am going to get in the bath and I
cannot eat Connell
I cannot even throw you're excited I am
for this I'm gonna catch up on some Phil
the missus and try and lie there for a
good while so I can defrost and then I'm
gonna put on some really cozy pajamas
and probably have a fairly early night
out the bath and I'm now in bed and I've
decided to put on The Sisterhood of the
Traveling Pants I think is never seen it
before but I've heard great things so
let's hope this is grand and yeah I'm
looking forward to just like watching a
film
