good morning everybody I have actually
been awake since about 10 past 7:00 and
it's Saturday I'm still reading lots for
the WH Smith book club so I really got
into a book last night not going to say
which one because you have to wait until
I talk about all of the different books
all together in a video and then I came
downstairs and did Nala gave her her
breakfast gave the guinea pigs a
breakfast and also made myself a massive
epic smoothie I am actually going to
Anna and Jonathan's today I know a lot
of you may have already seen Anna and
Jonathan's video where they basically
said oh I don't know I don't wanna give
it away if you haven't seen it yet if
you haven't seen it yet go over and
watch it now and come back to the video
I don't want to spoil it for anyone but
I feel like it's like no news but Anna
and Jonathan are having another baby and
I am so excited
Jonathan rang me up and he was like so
with the new gang or the dog I was like
no you're not you're having another baby
and I'm like so excited and so happy for
them so I've gone out and got them a
little gift now
I felt like they probably would have
received a lot of flowers over the last
couple of days so I want to do something
a little bit different and I basically
put together a little bag of goodies for
a neuron Jonathan rather than for the
baby because I don't know I feel like
it's like too early to buy for the baby
yet I'm not sure I don't know the
etiquette around gifting um but I wanted
to get flowers just to say
congratulations and so I thought sure we
getting so many flowers she might not be
will soon find out but um I bought a lot
of cute little bits and pieces just for
Anna and Jonathan so I will let Anna
open that so you can see that with the
guardo's birthday recently as well so we
have all of his birthday presents and
Anna and Jonathan have been in New York
and me now if you have been busy so we
haven't managed to see them so I am
going to go over and give them all these
gifts I'm literally like Santa in April
and our feed today is going to be
spending time with his friends Jay
Holly so I don't know what he's got
planned for today but that is what I'm
doing gonna have fun today what are you
doing ballet then he relaxed that was
double can you triple spin hmm probably
not all right so you're single yeah
everyone's good night you're doing it
wrong I'm not trying to do that batting
style double with that top yeah okay
thank you miss second yay yeah no I know
eating what you eat Nala Oh a bit of
guinea pig sawdust get it yeah scared to
do this boy if I fall I can't save you
from here no DJ always wanted a guinea
pig cage oh no I can't do there ah oh
you've got shoes on there's one yeah not
double yeah yeah can't door nearly oh by
the way if any of you are wondering what
is on my lips it's the word about beauty
that I kind of raved about a couple of
months ago if you go back on to one of
my favorite videos you'll see it I can't
remember the name I feel like it's what
a fake or something I've got that on my
lips I also have my author's leather
jacket on and this dress is by a lazy
oath because you guys know how much I am
obsessed as lazy oath and it's like I
don't know how do I can you just hold
this like this that's all I wanted to
show yeah I am about to set off but
before I do because I can Bluetooth
listen to songs I want to pick a really
good playlist on Spotify so I'm having a
little look there are a lot of really
great playlist at the moment which I am
loving
one of which is one called throwback
Thursday every Thursday they have
throwback Thursday playlists and they're
normally my favorite because they have
things like busted and like just some
really good really good old classics um
okay
I feel like cheesy hits might be a good
shout I'm going to go cheesy hits huh
okay well the first thing on there is
c'est la vie by bewitched and then after
that its mysterious girl then it's
busted year 3000
then teenage dirtbag by wheatus this is
my road trip playlist for today
for sure let me just see if it's getting
cheeky with it oh my god classic I need
to go but just know I will be enjoying
these cheese you give me that's where
she'll be boy okay I'm off see you later
suckers oh cool I'm not like waving at
you below here and I'm gonna turn with
no baby in October lunch and we have a
baby and these are Eduardo's birthday
present they're just some little thing
I'm glad you like they're me but some
more I was like this was like a little
token gift I think you might like it
he's not interested in the other sound
always open air okay
no egg soldiers Oh Toto do an open this
one oh well we open our next one I know
a monkey I know a monkey man is that
cheetah viewing nice oh so cute
you enjoying that me Mia
well I'm sure it what I will share them
with me Mary do you know what these are
they're face paint so you can put them
on Danny say oh I'm not sure about that
later
Amelia later town
what do you take zoe's you have to turn
around and get rid of all thank you it's
for you there's something for you and
there's some bits in there father is
right if you started here that's forever
thank you I love this friend it's cool
isn't it that's for Anna okay let me
explain it's for you to keep all your
little snacks in so that if you got
hungry you can keep it in your hooking
your comeback is it really - or been two
of us I don't know but it's like never
yes yeah so if you're out and about and
you get peckish
hi cuz I genuinely do do anyway oh it's
got little sections Oh business yeah
Banerjee that's Anna's I'm s I'm oh yeah
I thought in case you get tired no I'm
always getting empty that's for you Anna
deep sleep bats Oh lavender salts yeah
that's a real nice visit how's the
friends was on our flame thank you
great so that you can sleep that for you
IJ yeah yeah fatigue I is that for guys
yeah put it on now but under eyes it's
like the nicest thing ever if you never
tried it out yes Frank you've ever done
you I'm believing you it's like chili
powder no I promise when you're tired
and you know when your eyes feel like
the whole thing together someone who's
having a third child
exactly I was I was thinking you guys
going to get flowers and stuff there's
like I'll put some little bit to you to
actually use that is really good idea
roll that roll that under your eye like
here yeah this thing no this is anything
coming out yeah does it feel nice you
like it yeah oh there you go nice I feel
so like opposite holds your faith in
does it was like is it like plastic or
something no it's like a serum it's like
that but they're the ball on the end
like cools your eyes yeah so I thought
that you could use that in the written
word within the next year
don't worry wait is it illegal no it's
not make thanks Zoey
anim√©es man just to make you feel more
awake oh my god who needs coffee anymore
my favorite is your hello lunchbox yeah
kids new red card
we booked ready for your dinner
oh yeah first I start Sears this is Jail
oh thank you that's okay that's really
nice
Jonathan has made me a special bagel
it rises back guys yeah yeah it's got
ketchup
it's got cheese bit chicken hello almost
the mouldy ham oh oh that was very close
it was gray and a bit blue it wasn't a
blue it was cold it was like do you
think this is okay I was like I just
language in general risk it with me or
is it
no orderi never risk you in a biscuit
challenge video injuries the most gone
off food huh I don't think I want to
participate
I think Louie Louie I think it would be
very dangerous if found a joint in my
body
oh yeah once as big as a raspberry oh
yes what's it mommy something no there's
a baby
and is it a boy or a girl yeah yeah but
don't know how big is it
Wow a strawberry are you excited to be a
cesarean yeah are you going to take care
of the baby
yeah are you gonna change the nappies
there you go I got it in a video if you
say to help you change the direct guys
excuse me media ah hello your house yes
how long have you done this okay I won't
charge you rent yet then
everybody say night-night
thug life yeah hi nightbot mom what are
you eating any of that man don't think
so I think I'll eat it of that man every
Batman
biggis Batman be good yucky mega nose
with it and maybe a nose with it and
every summer hair would take okay what
color is your bow you remember just one
of my favorite colors it's like a rose
gold pink pink yeah that'll do Connor
and Jonathan have the best jar of treats
I have ever seen what's your favorite
well this is the kids jar oh just baking
away because I was coming March it's
like I'll bake you okay
what we call a background Baker I live
in the back gonna make you something
keep secret legal bakery in town you
guys don't know me right here
can you ask if it's double oh you have
twins in the family yeah there is a
chance
Oh the mothers it's better right grunt
oh you're her brother sister twin so if
you had your grandmother had a girl
granny had a girl a boy ten months later
I know five years of twin well yeah
which is very similar to our situation
place your bets now have you like
mentally prepared for that actually have
water
Familia oh hi let me see your lipstick
mmm you look so cute like if you were
like I know let me get one Zoe
it kind of reminds me you know an et
when they put you to you yeah in all the
big clothes is that jacket a bit big for
you we can the fire the backside looks
like you actually what are you doing get
show me your eyes I think what she's
trying to do because I was doing oh yeah
you roll your eyes yeah watch my finger
look at my finger looks like good look
at my finger can you still see it they
don't quite work Jonathan oh no watch my
finger again ready keep watching the
finger keep watching the finger keep
watching the finger so far unless you
can't watch anyway right just tipping a
bag of icing
yeah okay ready keep watching keep watch
in heart again uh hi okay no this is
alright get soaked
oh we've been on doing it wrong you
actually turned the bottle
Oh yep okay I think that might be for
now how are you gonna lift that that was
actually an okay job this is a blog post
or photo I just like the noise you're
making
so Anna have a limited amount of icing
yeah oh they look good how much of me no
no I thought oh I would say it's gonna
give me an e give me an M give me an I
give me an L give me and I oh yeah give
me an A Amelia then you've got got in
with your pom pom huh it's Kate
decorating time and here it's like one
for the cake one for me yeah one for the
cake cool let me grab some balls
do you think I can't see you or
something you're amazing
Xena yeah look uh you gotta write this
this is some sort of euphoria here no
okay that's too much sure sorry
mmm-hmm I think we're done thank you
sprinkles oh they do look cute yeah they
did it really good they look like um oh
look at the baby birds
so it's doing a quick signing just nice
oh okay I'm off the toddler demographic
this is my youngest uh-huh
okay so am I doing this to you or you
Anna Gordon ever do I learn you and
Amelia and sorry guys this is not your
birth anymore and Eduardo
you just have to personalize pillows so
this will go well with it no yeah it's
like had huge reading the first cases
like how to survive long distance lady
here I'm drunk like what what do you
mean what does it say
what's this a media look a signed copy
what does it say that
Amelia an Eduardo I hope one day when
you can read you enjoy this book I love
you both lot zoella Zoe oh and you sign
it too that's just an important perfect
I mean Amelia's book is going to be girl
raised unlike
the best cuddles don't you you've given
me a big on Amelia gives the best
cuddles thank you we've got pizza what's
wrong
you like Minos labs July Ketones of
Minos we're in the car all in the car
what a specimen what Oh Kate why are you
I'm gonna drive us home music duo
Portuguese what's your favorite song
what's your favorite song
damn break on you sure about this TV
there
Oh ready ready all right what TV what's
on use on TV and carrying goings on TV
see water water look you see us on TV
Antoninus on TV did you see yourself
mania doesn't want to get out oh let's
get another out thirsty work being that
excited Nullah
since Nala is in a super hyper mood I
thought it would be nice for us to go
through your witbox together so if any
of you don't know this is not as monthly
subscription box look she already knows
what is oh are you getting impatient
okay let's have a look
oh is it Nala oh right what we got this
month we've got what does that mean
try me your dog can hear it but you
can't ah what the ultrasonic toy only
your dog can hear we've got beef stick
we've got beef liver sticks Pet munchies
wow there's so much in here oh you're
not interested now come on good girl
we've got Hollings venison sausages oh
my god she would literally swallow that
whole thing even though it's like the
length of her she would follow that
we've got chewy venison steaks with a
hundred percent natural venison meat
laughing dog wonderfully wheat free
baked dental OTS cute with mint and
parsley the parsley and how you setup
and this which is a spiky good Oh Oh my
own Allah is gonna love this it's like
perfect malice eyes okay let me get all
right let me take the looker this is
like perfect nullifies okay hang up at
hang on well this went down a treat
good girl wait nullus was that nice ego
that's everything that came in this
month's with box she's like why have you
put it all like this in front of me I'm
just chilling in bed so I thought I
would say goodnight now I had such a
lovely day catching up with Anna and
Jonathan an Emilio and Eduardo they are
just the cutest children I'm so excited
for Arnold Rosen to have another cutest
child on the way but I really hope you
enjoyed the video today and I'm gonna go
to sleep now
