hello everybody welcome to vlogmas day
what day is it
I am currently showing Darcy this video
whoops
took my camera out gasps it's about
Darcy as a baby so I'm showing her this
video do you remember that yeah why make
me laugh I was just making you giggle
when you were little
do you remember it and then look I like
anymore you would you were trying to
grab the camera do you remember that cat
yeah what was her name
no hmm Mindy
do you remember Mindy yeah yeah where is
she now and have fun yeah look you're
playing the instrument were we being
silly but me a mummy being silly yeah
look how dark my hair is got such dark
hair haven't I so I'm gonna do some
vlogging Darcy's in the back there but
you can't see a boo eek are you going
somewhere
you were gonna drive the car who's that
- who are you with yeah very freezing
you were quite freezing
it was quite windy but you heard kept
falling off
is that your impression of the monkey
then you're gonna walk like my not look
because when you're younger you have to
learn to walk because you can't walk
straight away can you but I know I know
you have to learn now you know how to
walk yeah and you couldn't talk yet
could you yeah yeah get your sleep well
chummy thank you did you enjoy the
Christmas room I loved it thank did you
have Christmassy dreams yeah
where's this going that's it okay so
this is like a trigger like yeah what's
she doing what did I leave under your
pillow I didn't find anything so myself
and chummy are all dolled up now what
did we just do I've definitely not
broken the blinds
look how great our makeup looks from
this window oh wow doesn't it look great
 tonight I always come here street
lighting oh do you yeah because you can
get a good some nail Hey oh jeez okay
we're going to do face painting because
we've just done our gift-giving video
and look what father Christmas got look
look Darcy yes I do we're gonna do some
face a painting but just do food article
cuz my self is in this lighting it's
great isn't it me look at this mess
I don't want to show it too much because
you have to wait and see the video but
it was very exciting wasn't it yes yeah
very exciting do you want them to talk
good good get aful cool right we're
gonna get some food Louise wants like a
mama were c'mon if I'm man I'm never
gonna refuse notice v Maclay babe Alfie
needs it for his video anyway no and I'm
never gonna say no to a Wacom I might
even know
I have had it quite already this month
but it is I always talk about is love
how much on this wagon on this and then
it always gives me when I'm vlogging I
have it but when I'm not I don't so it
looks like all over six wagon members
but they've all been on camera exactly
so now all you eat is Wagga Mama's not
wait right I'm taking a camera route
check off on my go do you think we're
gonna do face painting how very exciting
let me see it
show them huh what colors are you gonna
put on your face pink and yellow I'm
ready we should try and do a tiger or a
princess I'll use all of the girls
everybody can use pork ah okay brilliant
well I'm very excited for that later I
do have to film a video with Alfie neck
oh yeah and Louise wants to film or
without think oh I call for my camera
anywhere I just might go bring it down I
wish it could move I know the amount of
times I've wished ahead right I'll tell
you how many yeah well a good handful
what is that on the floor oh it's a
little headband the god I thought it was
a goiter I was like this has got dogs
yeah what in the film is over take them
to Disney and let's have a picture Nala
she started writing Nala but then tried
again here this is Zoey so cute and then
this is picture Selby with a most happy
smile lips legs your arms assist awesome
very cute
well done well done you I am so nervous
to film this video our face hey you guys
would have already seen it but we're
doing the eat it or wear it where Zoey
just come up like a new color the new
way of doing it
I don't know if any just like make this
you're like then you're gonna challenge
yeah but I don't know if they've done it
the same way there's some really gross
things on here guys I'm not going to be
very good at eating it part yeah how do
you want to explode this situation right
now
because just finished filming for my
channel I literally look like a bird is
food on me Louise come look at me come
look at me what's up Wow Wow
mint sauce I've never been so repulsed
by you know my Zoe I know so I'm now
going to try and wash this off in the
sink this is yoga why did we do this
Valerie this was your idea
that by the way I just realized I don't
know if I actually said why I look like
this is because me and I'll feature in a
video where we essentially just had a
massive food fight so if you want to
watch that I'll leave the link in the
description box it's it's very funny and
I think you'll all really like it I'm
now going to attempt to wash my hair in
the sink
so hopefully this goes well
Oh apple troll okay I've washed my hair
and I've taken off all gunk from my face
so now I'm letting Darcy put more gunk
on my face you were gonna draw on it
with your new crayons what are you gonna
turn me into aa okay okay take good not
great
I'm very good at good ie and I'm very
excited to see it
I need to see like this time
show me do I look pretty yet beautiful
animal finished Wow Darcy's in an
amazing job what am i a princess a
princess cat yay thank you very much
I'll leave this on shall i I've got a
bit of orange here Eddy more yeah need
to get me brows done blimey
yes Jo what about on my chin is it works
yay thank you I look fabulous me and
Darcy are doing some crafts now we are
cutting things
Darcy's got two bangles haven't year
that you've made all by yourself
she actually has made them all myself
look how cute they are so cute and I've
been trying to teach Darcy how to make
paper snowflakes the logo should stick
them ward me there's one there's two
three Darcy do you like my new face what
write it like that healthy look at new
face that's funny isn't it
do you want to pity us noses on their
face hmm
collective IQ yellow tbh I could put
them on my TV we can hang them up you
can put them somewhere cold but for now
they're just down here
little snowflake Isle Isle line and
you've been coloring do you want to show
them your picture let's see if we can
find it in the book because it's very
good where is it
there we go look how good that is very
good
oh why you've got a crown ah you've made
a crown it's not actually oh is it a
necklace maybe if you undo it and you
can put it on and then do it up again
but do you know what I mean yeah you
want me to do it for you yeah there's
actually bit more okay watching
Arthur Christmas for 30 39 40 million
time but it is it's a very good
Christmas film and it was requested by
Darcy so I feel I have to watch Julie's
once per day in December yeah I love it
I love it a lot
um our videos are just about to go up
mine and our fees my hair still work
I've just thrown up in a bun and I can
smell creams I hate that so much like
the cream that's the that's the worst
bit like I would rather I wouldn't mind
smelling of cinnamon but smelling a
pretty done although it kind of doesn't
calyx is not food with shaving foam I
see I don't know if I can have that on
my face like shaving foam you know I
mean it's the same screen bitch not
smelly yeah that's true
anyway I'm gonna kind of tidy up all
these little bits of paper um made a
little bit of a mess there haven't we
but it's thought it's all in the nature
of fun
look at this gingerbread house that
Darcy and Louise have just made you it's
very impressive it smells delicious
at what point do we just break it and
eat it um maybe when she's gone to bed
so you have a star see so she feels your
touch she is I just want a little you
know just break a little
although they do always look too good to
them breaking I'm not sure that it's too
good to break does it looks really good
it looks better than the one that me and
Alfie did that's for sure I'll look at
the little windows not sure structures
found well it looks as though the roof
might be slipping down yeah we need to
get such a chill on the case exactly
maybe it's that point then that we
decide it's probably best to eat it
Darcy when can we eat the house Oh Oh
perfect
well put put a timer on your phone we'll
have a partay was it really hard to do
or did you find it quite easy was it
what you eating now
hi guys it's much later on what it's not
much later but it's a little bit later
on and we're all just chilling having a
bit of laptop Club Lewis is made like a
barrier look at you in your little
corner you can see in there I can
literally see your eyes there's you
often work to another doctor I'm so much
official me like this is usually one
normally it's like Alfie will lie one
way and then I will lie the other that
makes sense yeah yeah all right
my hair's still wet I am gonna have to
wash it again tonight I think just to be
extra sure I've got everything out of it
because I didn't quite realize how much
crap I had in my hair and right let's
guess who is gonna win x-factor Louisa
Louisa Johnson that one okay Louise is
saying Louisa Johnson out I reckon
paulien moly in schmoly
Reggie Ambani yeah but I won't do mr.
Johnson to any I think new white race
today
no he's shape J yeah he left yesterday
dude yeah
this and factory slashing no but yeah
that's what we're doing
look ahead size differences right now
that is ridiculous because you're like
I'm glad how are you look at the camera
look at the camera please
just look at what it looks like haha
you're closer
you guys knows that okay no makes no
difference
this is the problem that people have
when they are playing it so basically
sorry how are you very annoyed to a
picture like this obviously my head
bigger they were going that side slide
eat yes okay they get it but I do have a
small head I know every minute it's a
known fact maybe you have a tiny one but
I also have a very big one so it's like
well I wanted to say doesn't work oh why
do you done no I can't get back there we
go just press the back one well I want
to say was look how cute Alfie integer
Marshalls crapped up okay I feel my
fingers off with his big old head
okay
after the spider on me
I was stuck on my head
this little puppy dog no sleeping on
Louise's feet
wakey-wakey for like an hour
then Alfie said have you finished your
vlog Niles like no I haven't I've got no
battery left but his in so I could end
the vlog otherwise it wouldn't get ended
and most huh
wouldn't get ended good sleep we go for
last boy hanging I'm gonna go to bed now
thanks watching thumbs up been a fun day
goodnight guys
