welcome to vlogmas day we are currently
in the kitchen baking up a storm or
company on the floor yeah we're not
really baking the cakes are baking my
god not baking it that's trending from
the oven
that's very true tea very true so we've
got some pancakes we've got Jim on bacon
look how good my pancakes a little bit
really amazing I feel like I've really
perfected the art can we flip this one
yeah let you flip that it's not ready
yet and we're gonna have lots of bits
and pieces on the table we've got
through I think I'm going to have yogurt
honey and fruit with my pancakes today
and then Tom and after you're having I
scrambled egg with smoked salmon we got
some safe ones I have a whole baking to
myself oh I'm gonna have some bacon
coming out of it I'll have a little bit
and yeah all very very exciting I'm very
very hungry and I'm very excited to this
Alfie what are you doing
get ready in do soon do ya ready ready
I would flip it first little curtain
yeah oh yeah yeah then once it's
outsides done then I'm just gonna go yup
yes I have a little baby one will be
hanging about 30 seconds same time
spinning nothing
nobody's been in my mouth that bacon
smells so good doesn't it mmm mmm you
have a bite
you guys I think I'll be coming someone
I thought we could put it out on this
slippery old pancake
I just don't hit the dog I will start
small Oh hot well you're no child upon
boiling hot
Oh you blow that's John's right Ella
sorry my god you guys delicious so he'd
stay long as a boy in my hand there goes
the pan I actually meant Oh Dan dented
the pan what healthy no um no it's not a
show about feeling what you done Todd
hardening influence on you beforehand I
don't remember anything boy in your own
time yeah yeah yeah I tried your Tom
flipping it turning around is it being
are you that I'm not like I've got a
birthday different way
come on it's good enough by now I can't
dare come on down you got it Oh
okay member no Jess I know how to hide
you keep it again yep
the pans hot time vision notify hi
oh please Simmons oh please
how are you really you're in the phone
are you maybe try not to hit the ceiling
yeah the other side job if she picks up
super one that pancake I wanna hear
going Jim was amazing Oh am I haha just
trying to get around there for people
watch this yeah I will just take a bite
but I do anything I have yeah rubber
covers come in this salsa writing it
it's the one oh so close in adding
enough it flops out this is the ones my
last go get it I give up oh that was
pretty much it
oh there buddy look at this for a
breakfast spread we've got the pancakes
we've got the pancake condiments berries
yogurt bacon smoked salmon an egg and
these two which I don't really know what
they're doing is this your way to relax
a little hit exercise me now if you
always play this game where you've gotta
stand together and you have to guess
which way the other person is going to
go left right front or back doesn't
sound like it's not relaxing breakfast
and face each other hold do what you're
doing hold hot hug okay 1 3 c1 you got
to choose what you have to get to say
what is in the hips yeah just in your
head just yes okay to drink yay 1 2 3
Tom I think you might a copy oh right
last munch he wants to sit where um and
just stands there I'll sit here
mmm high-five team may open an axle
let's do an actual - all at the same
time my time - three Oh guys look at my
little pancake I've got um Greek yogurt
berries and a drizzle of honey yummy
go now it's complete I've put some icing
sugar on top look at that I'm very
impressed with myself
looks like you could order that
somewhere you know Breakfast Club yeah
Nala is obsessed with Tanya look at that
not a lot of people can hold her like
that
she squirms so much she much fun man
bromius Oh poppy can hold her like that
good girl down um Nala run up into Tonya
and Jim Zirin this morning at the first
opportunity that she had and jumped up
on their bed I was hurt ongoing Donna no
does not Isis really how did you get him
but she jumps on your head which happens
oh I bet she's sleepy she's like a
stealth dog I struggled to focus on her
and she's so dark and shiny and my eyes
get your computer nice so you know other
dogs get quite scared by dogs because
they don't see any features yeah that's
it they just see a black eye just a
scene of a blob yeah black blob I'm her
father like that breakfast was delicious
that was one of my favorite breakfast my
never ran from home did you it did you
enjoy any moment time I know I kiss not
a with it gloss on and I've got like
black hair ah I've made out one as well
yeah did you try some of gems yes so hmm
I exercise some of the nurse's station I
didn't even try ray this is Frank's mmm
egg drags Todd needs a lie down they're
off now hi Jim Bob see you tomorrow yeah
thank you for coming I had so much fun
that's okay have a safe trip
I love you both hi Steve Vockrodt oh
yeah oh yeah I am
zan is coming to town oh my god it's
been one of those days where I've been
editing and trying to sort lots of
little bits and pieces out on the laptop
because obviously over the last couple
of days we've been out and about doing
things so I mean
I think today's vlog could possibly be
the shortest vlog I've ever done um but
you know we still got a lot of the day
left got frozen on and it's the
sing-along version just about together
let it go let it go let it go let it go
Alfie has decided to show me something
Mona I have us a fee involved okay I
have to do it what am i doing what am i
doing this looks a bit scary Oh yep did
this is emergency hey Soph all if you
think you're gonna fall what do you
thinks gonna happen to me you're not
going to try to do the same stuff are
you that's what I thought you wanted me
to do right show me what you're trying
to do I want to see what you can do
someone see if you can just do this hold
myself up okay all right you hold this
you ready
come on legs up yes you can okay what
about in lucky little talk
yeah yeah there we go
now try now put your hands on there and
then push up go good you can just try I
pulled muscles from no you haven't
zombies always got some excuse go push
now take the off just keep it in a
little top it's so big
trying a little tuck again until you
hold it for 10 seconds why you ready my
hands supposed to hurt your hand
no just squeeze them three two one go
one two three four four seconds my arm
this bit it was gonna go very much you
have to give it straight as you can
I was gonna snap alright let's go to ten
and watch it's not then yester 1t I just
keep picturing this bones nothing it's
not gonna snap cuz let you get like
there on my little scrawny arm but as
long as you lock your arms it like that
now they're just locked
nothing but I did try and lock my arm so
all my weight is on top of that rather
than like that with that oh that's
really hard I thought you were gonna
cheat teach me something easy but I
can't do that I feel like it's good it
was awesome yes Apps fund it was you
could do this
you got that of course you can do that
now you don't want them anyway that help
you harder the wider they are the harder
there is I think you realize how much
more everything is on me yeah I'm down a
bit yeah there we go now down and up
I didn't say eat the pillow oh my god
excuses excuses
I met Leon and Collier watching this
like okay well us can we try let me just
try one more time I think I don't know
if you try straddle your legs
yeah a bit wider yeah and now do the
press up yeah you want them bit further
back yep perfect take your bum in a bit
take your bum in not just like there we
go not just arch your back okay all
right there we go now back up yeah are
you a so nearly there I've got no other
okay why don't we try it this way see
you stand here okay
what do you mean this now your ex can go
further back yeah yeah there we go yeah
Oh hmm I think what I'm really good at
what sleep in this I've got no upper
body strength that's my problem
none at all
however I do have some guns look from
whisking add one egg whites oh is this
gonna wake that muscle that I to this
huh ah let me see this one
one so much what that's good
right-handed yes strong yeah
coming up me I'll get you elfs on again
I mean I should probably stop watching
it like I've over watched Alf but can
you really overwatch elf I don't know I
am not really feeling too great actually
I woke up this morning and I had that
scratchy throat and I was like no I'm
very very tired you can kind of tell
that um but I've been editing getting
stuff done oh my goodness my eyes really
do look quite bad I think that that
actually possibly the worst they've ever
been I'm gonna do this bit and then I
think I'm gonna run a bath and go to bed
but fun thing it's fun for me anyway but
as you guys may or may not know I have a
pa box I love receiving your letters
please please please just a little
disclaimer do not send me presents I
don't need them I love reading your
words that's all the matters to me and
even even if that's just online doesn't
have to be handwritten but honestly I'm
just I'm a I'm a sentimental person I
don't need you to spend money on me
that's the last thing I want my PA box
is actually mostly open for companies in
order to send me products for review
purposes nothing's ever sent with an
agenda but obviously with doing this and
having my blog for a number of years now
what's it nearly six nearly seven 2004 a
2009 I started my blog so yeah nearly
seven years Wow
that's gone quickly um companies and
brands obvious
send youtubers and bloggers things all
the time which is so very generous of
them and also very exciting because I've
discovered some really amazing products
that way that I then get to share with
you guys if I love them
which a lot of the time I do and it is
just one of those things that makes me
so excited when I receive the bit that's
it's been a couple of weeks so there's
quite a lot in here but I love looking
through all the new releases and all the
new amazing companies I've never heard
of an amazing brands and things so I
thought I would go through it with you
and share anything that I was excited
about there are people that do these
types of videos online I I personally
love watching them I love watching
people go through their peer boxes so
much especially when there's kind of
like new things in there it's all just
very exciting oh I am going to go
through this and if I see anything that
I think you guys would be interested in
I will be sure to turn on my camera I
don't really know where to start
should we start in here it's like
Christmas Bath & Body Works hello huh
fresh Bassem guys this is just going to
be too exciting oh wow another Christmas
truth smell it smell it
soap and glory what's in here
limited edition the Rudnick bag also
just in case any of you are wondering
what happens to any of the products that
I might receive that either don't suit
me aren't my kind of products I would
use or things that I might already have
I actually take them all to women's
shelters homeless shelters places that
will be benefited a lot more than I
would with these items so I obviously I
don't have the room to store all the
stuff I get sent because I would
literally need an extra house um so I am
quite selective with the products that I
want to keep and try if there's
something I've already got I will give
it on to somebody who might need it more
than me but as you can see I get sent
quite a lot and I honestly think it
would take me a lifetime to use all
these products and I know that other
people would really benefit from them
and get more joy out of them so I am
very selective when it comes to things
like that and they do go on to people
who would really really love them just
in case any of your wondering and any
dog related things go to animal shelters
if you've already got them don't they
or if you just have too many things like
it is possible for a dog to have too
many things honestly when it comes to
letters I can't read them all straight
away because that would honestly be all
I did 24/7 seven days a week if that's
what I was doing but I keep them all and
if I have like downtime I read through
them but I just want you to know that I
never ever throw letters away ever from
signing anything
I keep every single letter I ever
receive I don't always read them
straight away because there are so many
but I've made it my mission to read them
all in my lifetime there are quite a lot
so much.what oh it sounds like
i what on oh my god what is this the add
googly eyes and it's by lazy oath which
for a load of you to ask quite a lot of
my clothes oh it smells amazing this
smells amazing or something else in here
something in that smells amazing right
this box is the best thing i've ever
seen is a furry box for goodness sake
with googly eyes merry xmas be great for
everyone else got an e-card love that
thank you for your puppy thank you for
your support throughout 2015
merry christmas from everyone at lazy oh
we hope you love your new winter warmers
and remember a fluffy creature ain't
just for xmas he's for life love Emily
okay well I'm definitely gonna have to
keep the box names at that well we've
got some barium nail polishes
oh I just love lazy oak clothes so much
you've got all the fluff of your face
now that love what you'll say oh look
it's got a little dog on it
that is the cutest t-shirt ever I love
it
just such lovely quality oh look little
sock those fake snow in here as well
hidden little socks of the little nose
ah haha I finished going through my PA
box now and I just wanted to show you
some of the bits and pieces that I
thought you might want to see so look at
this I've just got my copies of the
dolly magazine through because obviously
this is an Australian magazine and I was
lucky enough to be on their cover for
the I think it's the December issue so
it came out in November
am i right there no the November issues
that came out in October um but yeah
look how cool let me find the actual
interview where is it
here we go I really like these pictures
it was a really fun photo shoot I just
basically jumped up and down on a bed
and then this this I saw Alfie could put
up above his bed in my office put it in
your office and then you can have me
looking at you while you work in and so
I got a couple of those um I'm sure my
mum and dad will want one of those and
probably my grandparents so I've got
enough of those to go around your mum
will probably want one as well won't she
so I'll keep those to the side but that
was nice of them to send that to me
because obviously we can't get hold of
it here which is a shame because I
actually love this magazine it has some
really like amazing things to read in it
then we have all of these things here
from purple bone the things that Nala
funnily enough knows are for her and it
says to Nala from purple bone we've got
some toys look at this a little bone
aren't you lucky I like these ones the
Christmasy ones that's a little father
Christmas and then a little candy cane
and of course the orange fluorescent
jacket and there's some treats in here
one dog treats these are I also got some
really lovely bits from this works which
is a company I really like in fact this
was something that was on my wish list
so I was planning to go out and buy this
so I'm really grateful that they've sent
it to me to try is the deep sleep pillow
spray so I'm going to try that tonight
I'm going to keep that out I also had
this in my peer box which excited me a
lot it was in a little ball ball and
it's a teeny miniature ghost eclipse so
you guys know how much I love this
perfume it reminds me so much of being
on holiday let me put this on and see if
this makes you think of them Mykonos
smell of holiday
it's not super fresh
doesn't it did it remind you of Mecca I
wore every day I make enough really
uh-huh and Santorini when we went with
them
Tania and Jim amok Samui I'd remembered
I smell that reminds me of Greece
that's my Greece perfume anyway yeah I
just thought of so cute imagine having
that on your tree at Christmas and a
little bauble
what else did I want to shoot this so
many amazing things here oh yes this
company treacle moon sent me a lot of
their kind of bath products to try you
can get these in supermarkets I think
I've seen them in there actually some
really look warm cinnamon night uh yes
let's smell that shall we
oh that smells nice not it what do you
think what do you think of that I like
it that's not delicious I really want to
smell this one the honeycomb secret oh
my god that is my favorite I could eat
that what does that one smell like your
eyes twitching nope oh don't actually
eat it also wanted to show you this
which is from Bath & Body Works and it
is uh the what's it called
mahogany balsam candle this smells so
good
it smells a bit like you outfit smells
like you with your scent on smell
boom over there you having a little
workout can't hear me
it so do you have your workout so do you
having a little workout Texas the only
about like now oh my gosh
good times this is bent arms progression
so basically thought to speaking like
that
no wait let's say legs out straight this
is obviously bent arms I see I wouldn't
even be able to do that and then I try
to stretch my arms it's hard yeah well
you buried it than me I can't do
anything on those bloody things apart
from jump over them eight what is it I
want to go to bed why is it just a mich
together I really want to get is it too
early to go to bed yeah you know I
haven't gone to bed yet I'm almost ready
to go to bed and it's 8 p.m. I think the
last couple of days have just really
caught up with me but here is my dinner
I just thought I would show you because
I always go on about how much I love
making this
it's the is it I've done it on a bagel
and I've just realized I've done it on I
know that is the bottom that's the
bottom so you do her merce halloumi
grilled peppers are they're nice and
soft
and then some spinach and pop that on
top it's like the nicest thing ever
normally I do it in a roll but we only
had bagels and then I just got some
tomatoes because I had a wagamama for
lunch which was quite a big meal so I'm
going kind of like I feel like I've
switched up my meals if I like I have my
dinner at lunchtime and now I'm having
my luncheon dinner time I'm so pleased
that you're all enjoying vlogmas so far
it makes me so happy I didn't quite
realize how hard it would be to upload
two videos a day like it's the 10th and
I've already uploaded 20 videos in a
month
- whoa so I am working really really
hard on them and I really hope that you
guys can see that and it makes me really
happy that you appreciate it and that
you're all being so incredibly lovely I
really do feel like I just have the best
audience ever you guys are the best
and I'm gonna eat my little Milou bagel
now very hungry do you think I was
actually before I start making it I was
like well just don't really feel that
hungry
um but yeah gimme that now you've had
yours um you know puppy and then I need
to have some first offense because I do
not want to get ill again and if I get
ill I know for a fact it will be because
I did those blooming activities out in
the cold I didn't put jeans on and
proper Co on and I don't want to get ill
again before Christmas
no thank you so no we don't know no so I
need to get our first defense going and
then I fell asleep but I didn't end my
blog I'm so sorry guys and knew it was
going to happen at some point during
vlogmas but I wasn't feeling too well
last night so I got an early night
feeling a little better today though so
that's really good hope you enjoyed the
vlog and do a little click around and
watch yesterday's videos - I love you
very much Anna be good alright
