hey lovey
hello I already done half my wake up but
it's the next day I'm here with Alfie
Jonathan and Emilia there he is
Maddie and ang let you guys look really
comfy alright today it's been a bit of a
slow morning doesn't it although you
probably you weren't burly were you
well I text you what time to beat X 9
I've been up I've edited the vlog no
Alfie's a bit tired tired out there's
all my chair yeah look at you laying
down
I didn't feel bad now I've had a shower
refresh I got my 20 mile run in this way
I rescued some children stranded animals
we've done it all this morning Jonathan
is one busy morning Amelia what have you
got in your hand what's this what is
this what is it he took pinky a cookie
where is the spatula don't rub it what
why don't we had that we left the room
why have you got a newer spatula is that
for baking thanks women because you're
swimming oh it's an all ah so you better
get on the rowing boat then yeah we
wrote over here did you come on a boat
yes
are you going on your boat home yes I
can do
she's a shot
oh you shocked I thought you were my
team in the boat no she's on my team now
high-five
oh yeah Jonathan come on fear shocked
are we sure - yeah I'm a great white
shark
oh I agree
hey you're pregnant
excuse him guys having baby huh pink
unicorn can you imagine by the media
Oh was she found oh so we know how you
do that Yeti three two one oh and you
connect I want it to come out here in
there it won't she's fought back anomaly
oh my is wrong with me hold on yeah
hey small holiday regards no ah I just
looks massive all the glasses oh you
look like a princess he's a under my
umbrella what do you do in come on yeah
okay oh oh it's like a tenant Oh gran
come on everyone buddy everyone
Oh buddy I'm oh we just it doesn't
really stay up so I'll just hold it with
my feet this is very nice danger I'm
sorry Brighton Alfie come on my Alfie
gotta get into the ten
I'm gonna make whoa how Oh duplex yeah
look a la got a duplex sent Wow Wow this
is good that's should we sleep here
tonight what we little whatever she puts
blankets down on us like this
is this the best Dan ever
so for Christmas from Santi do you want
to umbrellas that's all you want I'm
taking record of this now oh oh oh no
sharks come in here huh he's been
spinning
daddy or Alfie spinning one actually
quick let's go into the spinning one a
whole gang ready to leave oh look
everyone's getting in the coach ever
seen me Alfia driving back home I'm
driving count you're not driving Chris a
good bike people
I'm on the page ah
Haydn's mornin alright why no it's uh no
you know there's always that one person
that the Christmas party just goes bit -
I'm well I was way too means I'm off
okay oh hi Joe
see you next week yeah see you next week
city select H is gonna go without you oh
oh wait Joe is Naomi on that can't give
us something really quickly two seconds
we run in grab it yeah quick Don
bacon eggs done he's gone oh yeah no I
took a too much fun that she wanted she
found it and it becomes she like screw
the coat it's not
I watched it fly off sit on done there's
no B there's no being okay I'm done I
promise I watched it fly off okay so Jim
hi guys oh my god
yeah Jim don't be mean
so we're going now but Tanya and Jim are
coming back to us which I'm very excited
I've got lots of fun things planned but
we always have a great time don't guys
we do are we sure day old Tom is very
excited cuz we're gonna go to the shop
when we get back I love a good shot she
a surgical Waitrose honestly I went
crazy I went waitress and Saturday
morning well she lost her shape
do you have to run out a white driver go
to the nearest and
restaurants as you get so if that
happens today I've got you all right
it's fine it's fine but yeah we're gonna
go shopping
and just have a reactive shame as if
we're going to lose your byline to
Waitrose Thani all right oh okay so
we're gonna go get our car now see in a
bit guys is it safe journey only they've
journey let's see who gets to my helper
Hey sorry then goes like I mean they're
already in the car their car compared to
your mini as well hey my mini goes quite
far drop my box please
Oh No how annoyed ten how annoyed Ted no
no right
safe trip guys see you later ah Tong
morning
we're all inside now we've had a bit of
laptop Club just getting all the vlogs
up for you guys and we go yet
lots of vlogs tonight um Jim's peckish
we all know I sent out my vlog go get a
thumbs up and subscribe
yeah if you're link easy to compost us
every day Jim profited off just changed
yeah so Jim's package we all know what
happens when Jim gets hungry
yeah angry he gets hungry so I've got
Feliz and I've told him he has to try
them because I actually think you'll
enjoy them I'm very like intense waiting
more than a fish fish and Cheer
fish and chips mushy know something
vinegar oh that's so good but really
yeah aren't they really intense but
they're going to be fishing no they're
not not ever you know about fish they
like skip seem to love States didn't
realize that meant fish flavor like fish
flavor yeah prawn flavor prawn cocktail
crap yeah
you good yeah they're good aren't then
they make your jaw right like fizz you
don't personal eat something in the
morning me good yeah that happens to me
every time I it installed really
good Chris it's like that initial like a
little slightly hot so that's that how
he's making Jimmer shake Tom still in
laptop club
editing a photo leave the laptop
feed Jim then we're going to go to
Waitrose and pick up a few bits and
pieces we need to get Jim some waxing
strips for his back yeah
shoulders um and just a few little
snacks and bits come and then we'll be
coming back well done that's very
impressed we're driving to Waitrose
aren't we yeah aren't we team Aloha of
traffic
we've arrived at Waitrose and jim says
he's been to this one before she's quite
excited to be back it's a very nice to
be back
look at these two one go nothing Genet
shoes i hiccup hombre
right what do we need
yes you can put it on your pan game
we're going to make them pancakes
tomorrow so I need eggs actually reminds
me I don't salmon I want either bacon or
like we should try to do like candied
bacon yeah that's this yeah mister I was
summoned I need to get yes
back from Waitrose and are you moving
away from the downlights look I've got a
present behind my back baton for tonight
I've never shut your eyes and heart
guessing it yeah um it's a route to get
to present no it's nice yeah is it your
I these earrings this is no DVD no about
sniffles nice under one is it for
tonight did you combo for hanging out
liver
I've got it I've got it what and I
didn't just look by the way very nice
quality straight right you shut your
eyes and hold your hands out important
me guessing although those - um I yeah
oh oh I bought as matching one really
this exact one oh no you didn't
it's from ASA it's a Chelsea something
yeah I love it
thank you that's okay it's mine and we
can put them on and be twins phone lines
and I've got one for NIM Bob's and in
Bob's if you're watching because you
couldn't make it I've got one for you as
well yeah so cool they're awesome
not like you love pockets yeah they're
like really nice ones I wrote it on no
not yet I think this was once a Tanya
burr like it's like she's melted yeah
look at this little puddle you've left
on the floor it's like you were there
and then you just vanished and your
clothes just stay there oh yeah so in
here
we're all getting all festive but we've
got some camembert some carrot sticks
and Hummers some apple and some French
stick and it is delicious
see Lycia it doesn't like you or any
Christmas jumper now that you're sat by
a Christmas tree James a Christmas
jumper wait which one of yous mine you
both the same people what is one of
these I love that they got pockets and I
was so close to buying this of Tanya it
was in my my wish list yeah like Jim
this would have been so great to State
you know you were right on Troy's to
light and buy it now y'all are you doing
she's running at the TV we are little
Christmas um hats hats
munchkin okay cool we're here to
celebrate Christmas cheer well yeah and
spread it okay spread Christmas today
you said baby celebrate Christmas cheer
boy do I know any people
yeah bless you and spread it I've had an
absolute mare with my upload we went out
to Waitrose as you saw and I left
uploading and it was going really fine
normal upload speed I was like oh great
I'll be done in like 10 minutes let's
leave that and I'll be fine came back
and it hadn't moved so it was still
uploading so as I came back I had to
then like kind of re upload it and wait
for it to process which took so long
because I think it's quite a big video I
was over two gigabytes which is it's
quite a big file so I think that's why
it kind of messed up a bit so sorry the
vlogmas was late yesterday but it was
out of my control my internet did not
play ball so now the food's arrived
everyone fat munch it is it nice yeah we
have it ready yet I work out this is my
chicken Ralphie's is up I did wonder why
you were sniffing the chicken juice
again thank you I'm sorry Harry which I
like and this is that big old chickens
up there boys
I went for a pizza but I am so full of
carrot camembert
bread and hummus that I've kind of
nibbled it a bit and I'll come back to
that later
but we are also going to be filming a
video which will probably do three
videos we're going to film three videos
it's going to be like a video marathon
but they're all really fun and they're
all quite kind of quick videos so
excited to do that after dinner we're
also watching Arthur Christmas because
it is one of the best Christmas films
ever and everyone here agrees which
makes me very happy and it means that
that we can all remain friends forever
we've just finished filming our videos
we filmed one for my channel and we also
film one for Jim so I'm really excited
for you to see those just made a little
hot chocolate ice a little it's pretty
freaking big look at that mmm
I had the gue salted caramel hot
chocolate which is incredible it's so
amazing this is not for you Nala bear
I'll look straight on my lap any given
chance it's time to wax Jim's shoulders
we've all we've all gathered around for
the occasion it's a special day here in
the tunneler salad yeah we opened up
there quite bad are they really not like
terrible but how many strokes will it
take this is my shoulder right now we're
going there we slowly might be oh yes
yes we'd probably do look at all four of
us blog n yeah we even have to do that
you eat with st bloomers oh there's
Christmas specials do I go up or down
you go ah that way this way yeah you
sure yeah the heads growing which ways
the head I'm saying oh yeah that was
right three two one wasn't that basket
oh no oh look
all their Zoey Oh sideways I can't like
it if you had a some sort of yeah if you
have some sort of order there wasn't
gonna be left alright everybody happy
yeah just a night life I'd like it if
you if we if I had areas that were
missed do I do oh that's it for the
wrong lane all right Jim's got triple
right ready
no no honey back on her Oh
ooh do you like that shoulder I love it
I told you guys show us whether people
shoulder shoulder
Risinger if you'd like his shoulder I'm
pretty sure Jim does like oh I just
wanna yeah you put some here anytime
it's very hard on your toes in I don't
mind my plan has it just be my very soul
what's these one Oh time not there again
you don't have a feeling that four times
is really sore
please peel it off time to do that bit
over never get it so salty
Oh son she's not satisfied this is
bleeding
sure Sam oh hey get out you should get
your mom's oh come on - you put out the
whole thing with a my daughter might be
done this is why I come to another
because oh yeah it's really good okay
time to go for weeks I'm having fun
we're now trying out its butt crack is
the Harry
thing I think you need to pull from both
both bits here okay you ready okay one
Oh God let me take over
ready yeah he'll know now someone needs
to get down
we got God again y-yeah the boys are now
a lot less hairy me and town have done a
very great job I think everyone will
agree Jessa I have nobody filming on the
body Heston I was just going just one
Jim's
so engrossed in Hesston right now
fascinating I said let me Anton did a
great job did a great job yeah yeah I'm
gonna end the vlog here now I hope you
guys have enjoyed today's video give it
a thumbs up if you did and I'll see you
again tomorrow
bye the highest you can do it
