oh hello and welcome the blog mistake
this morning I am going to make some
pancakes I've made these before
it's the Jamie Oliver recipe but they're
just amazing they're big thick fluffy
american-style pancakes so I thought I
am going to make those I'm gonna wake up
tomorrow I'm gonna go downstairs and I'm
going to make some pancakes I think
obviously to come down and help me in a
minute but they are so delicious and I'm
going to make like various different
things we can put on top I'm thinking
yogurt and banana might be quite nice
okay so for this recipe you'll need
three large free-range eggs 115 grams of
plain flour one heat teaspoon of baking
powder 140 milliliters of milk and 1
pinch of salt separate the eggs putting
whites into One Bowl and yolks yolks
yolks into another add flour baking
powder and milk to the yolks and mix to
a smooth thick batter whisk the whites
with the salt until they form stiff
peaks and fold into the butter it is now
ready to use okay let's do that let's
separate the egg white
one yuck yeah
you
one-eighth of a powder
I'll just throw up on the round just
realize I put a pinch of salt into this
ingredient when I was meant to put it in
here so I put a pinch of salt in here
and a pinch of salt in here so it could
be quite salty maybe I should add a
pinch of sugar to balance out I don't
know we just put a lot of sugar on top
of them
right adding the milk and then we can
whisk all that together okay I am now
going to attempt to hand whisk these egg
whites and it does take a while but I
can't bother to use the kitchen
okay the next thing you have to do is to
fold the stiff egg whites into your
other butter and have a pan on a sort of
medium heat I'm going to put in quite
low I feel like a lot of people make the
mistake of putting their pan too high
and then the pancakes firm so yeah
that's good okay let's fold this in
honey oh stop Thomas ah okay looking
good huh yeah
scared toss it Alfie's the tosser in
this household I made a funny
yeah
one pancake down it looks so great
next one
okay Abdul Gani he's third we're on the
go
gonna put some chocolate chips in this
one Barrowman and pancakes are done how
he's got Jam and this is the option they
look quite good don't they look really
good it looks like a proper American
stack yeah literally just blew this out
just in time
as it's the seventh I always do this I
leave it for far too long
silly Zoey hey Zoey anyway I am going to
make myself and Alfie some lunch why is
it so dark I should have some lower like
bone I'm going to make us some lunch and
I really want to make us some beans on
toast with grated cheese ever since we
had it at that place are we got the
Christmas tree from I've been craving it
a lot as well Alma do are you a Heinz
beans kind of person because I don't
like any other baked beans and less the
Heinz because Heinz is just the best
yummy all done
how much do you want to eat this right
now right this one is being an idiot
today why because you are why leave me
right we're going to run some errands do
some stuff we've both been editing
working I've just been editing my video
with Gabby which is going up on
Wednesday so tomorrow as you're watching
this you're right out you're thinking of
some more stupid Rome I was thinking so
it's so funny what you have to share it
with the audience know that video like I
guess eat them look Florey and then a
boy thinner grubber
slums break from the collagen oh I
is that sumi and I honestly would never
speak to you ever again if you heard
that have you got the keys
quite Josh it won't be happening yeah I
know I got the keys yes you do they're
in your pocket yes probably should take
some money have you got some money
Oh what you don't let more water oh I
bought a new one it join us here yes I'm
sure they do as well it's like a men's
what's in my bag there's one thing of
all oh look how smart this is um how did
Alfie not know that I was going to get
him some of this for Christmas is the
question I'm gonna give to you because
you told me there was I always say to
Alfie never buy yourself nice things
oh my god or anything thought there's a
spider on my head oh my god checking in
the back of my head gonna change our
name I left my wallet in the airport oh
I don't know that's not good is that fun
you want it if you wanna find my wallet
and you really wanna steal it if you
wanna find my wallet cut your hands oh
wow gonna spray a little bit of this
this smells absolutely incredible
it's body shop if it wants to focus
Italian summer fig oMG if you never
smelt this before go and smell it it
smells incredible we also need to do
this I don't know what present I want to
give him today no is it true what you
were saying earlier about what you've
never watched one before what's wrong
with you today
he's taken like ten year-old tablet
because I had a big breakfast and I
brought you true Anna made you lunch
I've made you breakfast and lunch today
do I get girlfriend points and can I
save them up for a massage no hello you
fucker wallet have you found it
uh-huh it's gone red
I think we need to leave now look at my
hair is a bloody mess
well let's just take mine shall we
I've given up on you given up on you and
your wallet making Alfie listen to
smooth xmas even though he doesn't want
today enjoy that it's all right guys
I've been having a right old battle with
the internet I don't know what is wrong
with it and I think it might just be my
laptop but I can't load anything how my
videos got up on time today I have no
idea because they've been uploading all
day and my vlog finished processing two
minutes before it was scheduled to your
life so I don't know what's happening so
I need to sort the internet out but it's
been driving me crazy there's not many
things that frustrate me to almost tears
but when I can't refresh a speed test
site I'm like um but what I'm gonna do
now is do my advent calendar because I
keep forgetting to do it if I'm gonna do
my thought is one I don't you know what
guys I'm just not digging the Dairy Milk
one because they're really thick
chocolates and they've got stuff in the
middle just not digging it I should have
got just like your bog-standard dairy
milk I don't know why I forgot all
adventurous and went for a big one
anyway let's do this how many days of
mist
one two three okay open for great okay
so we've got five little mittens I'm it
done I think so and then what's the Hat
oh it's just a father Christmas ma
there's no man I mean I know it's not
your advent calendar wait good girl
oh look a little blue oh look at how
she's on a planet Earth
thank you another little present
today's one ah
good girl the Snowman kind of feel like
watching this nomin actually and the
little dog
I just tried to tap the dog to focus it
Wow want to do yours them right we're
all up to date with that one pop him
back in there this one's yours puppy
isn't it hey wait sit cool girl five oh
look at him sit link I might have to
break this in half
ah screw it
you can have that one and then risk it
all over the sofa sometimes then there's
two of these nice put those there for
now I'm sure she will be finished in any
second and then seven ah some more
little bones I feel like the bones are
her favorite only look at her and sat
down look at this
I just don't know if you can eat all
this I should have done it every day we
go
maybe we'll pop these on the side I'll
give you one more bone and that's
probably enough okay I'll give you two
more bones okay we'll save these ones
okay per that nice you're charming a
little bit not gonna lie
good girl you love your
and oh don't you look so cute it is time
for our fees at van
denne denne denne I need my own little
jingle it's at that time at that time
we're happy they know the seven okay
number seven I should've done this in
the morning when I'm getting up running
downstairs
taking a look can't get it out there we
go Percy and Pippen I filled with rage
why well you'll have to find out as
you're present today is behind there oh
I feel like it like a kids TV presenter
every morning on that hola
what's this oh it's not you what is it
feels like some shocks to me this is
your face to see you make hate when you
can why did I get it right yeah you know
they're sick they're Adventure Time The
Rasmus up that's sick are you gonna wear
a pair know that I bet my dad they're
for you why are you trying to get rid of
them so hey do you want a pair I'll give
some to my dad then my dad also very
well
they're cute aren't they they're so cool
what you could wear a pair on Christmas
Day yeah then I apparently my gosh low
everyone a beach yeah yeah cool thank
you
just making you more and more festive
every single day every day I'm gonna end
up with like Santa's outfit on or
something yeah that's day 24 basically a
full-on father christmas suit with fears
and suck water
this is what I have to deal with when I
edit like she legit will not go anywhere
else I've tried to put her on the sofa
behind me no that's not good enough even
though she has a laptop on top of her
that I'm trying to edit on she still
won't move world's neediest puppy right
here she's literally fast asleep how is
that comfortable you're like cold you so
comfy do you just love me so much that
you don't want to move look uh how am I
ever going to get 24 days of the weather
and vlogmas done if you're going to sit
on me all the time she looks really big
from here from this angle like a little
baby hey hello oh hello welcome
she's got foundation on her lip guys she
always goes to investigate my makeup and
she obviously sniffed around the pump on
my foundation so now she's got a splodge
of foundation on her lip and we can't
get it off piece she won't let us what
girl I think she thinks she looks really
pretty with it she's like no don't take
my makeup off I feel so pretty how about
you go up here look good girl yeah
that's it you go up there is that okay
if you like that yes you know
see how long she lasts oh look the
laptops here this is what she does
oh it's so hard to movie though because
you're so cute she's like hugging me
she's like please no please don't put me
back on the sofa I just want to be with
you Neal it's ER the world's need ears
puppy dog well if there's no more videos
from me guys it's because I'm sat here I
can't move because of this one does
anyone else have a super needy dog or
pet for that matter because I know that
some people have really needy cats as
well um but like when I say she's the
neediest dog I I really mean it like
wherever we go wherever we're sat she
has to be with us on our laps or I don't
know like she very rarely takes herself
off she doesn't a couple of times like
the other day when I filmed her in her
pen she'll sometimes wonder off it was
stood up because she can't lie on us but
if we sat down this always happens elves
on again by the way just feel like you
need to make the most of this Christmas
TV because literally come January there
will be no good films on the telly so it
doesn't matter if I watch elf like eight
times already so basically we both fell
asleep at 8 p.m. and woke up at 1 that's
not good I don't know why that happened
we must have just been really tired um
and I was like because Alfie was falling
asleep and I was like oh I just shut my
eyes for a moment I'll get a little nap
in before actual bedtime bad idea never
nap past like 6:00 p.m. this is never
going to work and so that's what
happened and now I feel really wide
awake
and it's like 2:00 a.m. so there we go
we've got to go to the gleam Christmas
party tomorrow so we're setting off
about 10 a.m. I'm going to end the vlog
here thank you so much for watching
sorry that today there wasn't really
much going on I've just been editing a
lot and I knew there were going to be a
couple of those days in here because
obviously I have a lot of videos to
upload so I've been editing editing
editing and yeah thank you so much for
watching the video a little thumbs up if
you enjoyed it I'll see you again
tomorrow and cross your fingers that I
actually managed to fall back asleep
