good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 5
oh I just smudged my lipstick all down
my chin oh it's fun huh
how do I do that got too excited my
intro to no repping the Charlotte
Tilbury Glastonbury let me come to the
window so you can actually see it in
like proper lighting there you go
I love it I've just washed my hair
I've had a bath I've edited both videos
for today and it's only midday so I'm
not doing too bad
so today mark is coming round which I'm
really excited about he should literally
be here any second so I'm keeping an eye
out I don't know what we're going to get
up to yeah I just thought it would be
really cool for us to hang out oh I can
see him he's getting out of his car
mum what's he doing I feel weird I'm
just like creeping on him
always putting stuff in his bag or
Seaguar always his phone yet as his
phone scratching his arm I was going to
go into town but it's a Saturday and
town on a Saturday is already kind of
hectic let alone oh what's he doing
always bringing in his wing mirrors very
good very good if you're parking on the
road always put your wing mirrors in um
town on Saturdays is busy anyway let
alone like two weekends before Christmas
so I don't know whether that's a very
good idea I am however very hungry and
I'm craving a wagamama so I'm going to
see if Mark wants to order some food um
I think it's just going to be a really
nice chilled day we'll probably watch
some Christmas films eat lots of food
and just chat
he still hasn't got out of his car what
is he doing he's faffing always getting
out he's getting out here he comes
Oh always got a nice t-shirt on you'll
see in a minute lovely geometric pattern
here he comes oh the wind is ruining his
hair he's not happy is not it's not
happy about that
that's so funny so mark braised the wins
and he managed to get here from across
the road yeah I was literally like oh
that's my kebab run around oh yeah
you're very good luck with a nun brother
in this wind it was quite funny I did
what she do in that little crab walk it
was so scary
it's really strong today I can hear it
like rattling everything yeah the calls
we made
wha-hey as soon as I went to fifth gear
I'm just like that I know it was so
scary
so I was like speakers were sent by the
same thing so the first time mark came
around he brought this bag and in it he
had lots of treats for Nala and now Nala
will not leave marks bag alone she said
there must be look at her she was if she
rested her head on it yeah oh would you
thank you I don't get over up she's a
bit stinky I need to give her a bath mmm
we could do that for you today I was
gonna do it yesterday but I forgot I ran
out of time
got the Christmas films on already we're
watching Miracle on 34th Street and we
were just talking about the film as
simple one day I'm waving at then I was
like and we're just talking about the
film a simple wish which I used to love
and then pagemaster which I also used to
love and now we are ordering some food
and Mark was right in saying that he
liked where I was so we're going to go
for a wagon what what do you actually
like to eat from welcome on this I love
to squid od Oh check you out
squid I always go for the ever so what's
the word exotic yeah Cassie curry okay
katsu curry so what's the squid thing
you like umm fried squid you do you just
want that look you have to get someone
else surely um
hmm see I don't understand what that
means
mr. teppanyaki Drummond teppanyaki
Young's done Nala suka huh
she's right Oh this Christmas hat was
annoying me
I live in ah
Nana what you do in something wasn't me
duty as some of you might be aware oh
hey because I post it on Twitter mark
came round recently and we filmed a
video for my 24 days of so other but
it's not coming off as so long I don't
know wait it like it's the 21st yeah so
the 21st is going to be the club with
Mark and it's so funny we both already
edited the videos so we're about to
watch them back we're watching marks
were so sorry and love you know intro
darling Missa weird so I have a bit
Topshop delivery while you might expect
so this came on one of the Hat it's my
halo and and then I just pulled this out
sick it's all screwed up that top but
they're perfectly wrapped age do you
think I'll be alright
yeah I think you're fine keep it dry oh
yeah that is fine it's just that bit
yeah quietly yeah could you iron it
always a bit much whatever right but now
is your challenge your visor
lovely got this little hat which looks
so small the bubbles massive oh I quite
like it yeah it's not nice I'll show you
guys all the little bits and pieces in a
minute I'm just unwrapping them all like
a little Topshop haul
okay I'm gonna put mark in charge of
holding the camera while I show you some
of them a little bit
okay okay um there we go have one
beautiful floppy number hat - yeah yeah
yeah is it right yes all right yes all
right I think so yeah this dress in a
lovely I would say quite nice Christmas
green and I thought it would be nice of
boots maybe even this lip color actually
I'm not hat I agree then I got this one
which is very very pretty kind of very
Christmas party where isn't it with
little lace sleeves is it cooked with
two one no it's got little see no secret
like little beads you've got another one
like the green one but in a burgundy
purple berry color so know which one
went for all three now I've got this
quite like this you know I think it's
like a tire play see little black one
very very nice it's nice and then I've
got this one I feel that this is very
Christmas party yeah nice sequins
personal faith yeah very nice I got this
stripey dress which I thought would be
really nice with knee-high boots tights
quite a kind of 60s vibe I got this
little grey skirt
just to tuck jumpers into etc we've got
these little velvet black shorts with a
bit of crochet on the leg OOP
striped a corner that's very soft feel
that mark yes yes it is what I really
really like I think that's very pretty
isn't it
that's quite a Christmas party one it's
very delicate it's got a lot of lace and
anything that I think you know I suppose
it's still look short and then you do
that lace because normally this link on
me is a bit funny but very pretty much
like the clay suit I've got this which
is a little body and then you can wear
that tucked into jeans or with the
shorts or the skirt quite like that and
a little party number lovely that's very
nice got it all going on on this one
haven't you yeah my little top shot
whole boom boom shake the room yeah
our food has arrived except there was a
slight issue with marks basically
ordered the beef chili ramen and the
ramen went all over the delivery drivers
bag like it just spilled everywhere so
they've got to get him another one which
is really nice but now you've just got a
like waterless ramen necessary it's
quite dry yeah yeah so they're getting
him another one which is nice um
delicious or you've got you drunk all
your juice oh I'm such a fast eater
I'm your squids come as well oh no now
you gotta wait for your ramen they drive
even some dry noodles on top me and mark
and now reminiscing on old kids TV
programmes so far we've talked about
Joshua Jones that's what the spooks so
spooks the wild house Oh what else was a
classic that we were talking about rings
nose the Queen's nose the demon
headmaster heckle deckle Harriet
honestly when Martin merge that to me I
was like no I've never seen that when
you show me picture I was like oh
oh my god what was it called again
Harriet Oh how it's something Jekyll
yeah yeah ah what else were we talking
about
I kind of want to say them in this blog
so I can come back to this and remember
them borrowers the borrower's why you
should history yeah funny bones Charlie
talk Huxley Pig did you ever watch
really really old ones like the herb
garden know the names that thing about
if I google it I will cuz we used to get
loads of VHS from the boot sales and we
used to think they were brand-new out
and they were really old playing days
blinky where do we go Lumpy's allowance
I just can't believe how much of the
theme tunes I can still remember you
know the high off one Denis oh yeah
every day when you're walking down the
street everybody that you meet very
gentle point stuff you know what yeah
hey all the PC game No oh my god I wanna
say so it's a library and hey let me
call it next to you because then we can
both being shot sorry me Nana and
granddad me Nana me gran you mean an
immigrant relearning me grunting my Nana
and granddad used take me to the library
and play a hey author on the computer
basically we do you're in his hands and
you have to click on certain things I'm
gonna have to find you because I'm
insane but it was amazing and you have
to do like that you can still get it and
play it you've got PC laptop I'm not
gonna buy it no did you ever play
um I had a game called babies as I said
and it was like you've got a baby and
you have to feed it and change it snappy
and play with it because I also played
on the PC I hopes it called
pick pink Panther's passport hell I
recognize that this is a hey office
look at all this weird stuff has been
leading up to where Oh below you can
click on stuff stuff pops up the
cupboard oh darn it we arms just like
complete there yeah inside I love that I
just go so like all the time there's
loads of them my god
it was so so nothing you had to go to
the library okay it was me sadly tree
all right we used to go to the library
to rent out the videos and CDs oh my god
so don't you are all right now that tell
you I used to do I used to pick out five
CDs take them home
get them ripped on to my computer I'm
like this is this is a really good way
to get great selection of music Julia
Jaco and Harriet Hyde type that into
Google if you're over 20 20
how old reckon they need to be about 20
over 20 oh my we might recognize it
unless your parents are like mine where
you go to boot sale and get a an old
video and you think it's new out we used
to watch watch with mother Google air
watch with mother are you afraid of the
dog what happened in that no just asking
are you from the top okay kid here's a
TV show once we open a laugh so me and
Joe used to watch this is kid so we
thought it was new out no bloody ell
someone's been alright just like hot
spell I'm scared sorry we used to think
that this was new no you did yeah
my dad he sought this and he's a kid
Joey after you so to rewind videos oh my
god yeah quite a good job by my advice I
don't like hey welcome on you can see
the little document Jabez lobster
Thursday's yeah ghosts I got to my no
day oh boy goes what I got ridiculous as
it may seem to have to explain this to a
six-year-old child what I remember that
many lines wasn't it in my mind I was
like a classic line what we did it oh we
take you for a ball which is good a bath
no no anyway yeah always quite reach
over camera like that
what do you mean cuz I can't see myself
oh yeah hello we're just about to put
nod in the singing a hangover huh yeah
and she's probably not that excited
about it shall we go so no she's quite
good in the kitchen sink but in the bath
she guess it's too big I think she feels
a little bit like scared right where can
I put this
while we attempt to do their place let's
find something to put on okay
yeah perfect thank you very much mark
welcome big dusty or never if you polish
Oh snow is falling
Oh
Merry Christmas another one off a good
site what secret is ready oh yeah oh
yeah
underneath the business owning kids by
candlelight
oh these things that you froze the
bullseye they go like the fellow not
like what is sharing so is falling all
around me just say it many Christmas
everyone everyone without these
lovely Hey
he's got this time yeah yeah like a
chance
oh wow she looks like et now love smells
so fresh and you're so sorry I gave you
my heart but I love that song
yeah let's put it on oh do you know
what's probably on the Christmas Channel
the Christmas music channels oh oh this
year to save me from tears I'll get the
Sun no no change that I love to
harmonize it yeah
sometimes in the show I change a One
Direction song you and that one always
change you
oh yeah I was really good though you got
such a good voice
did you know because I'm like a chipmunk
there God just like bending oh my god
yuri-chan asked i think i'm sorry i'm
saying your love it's alright
okay you can really stretch just so
flexible oh wait it bent over oh I don't
know
so tire on the ground it's hard I don't
have you do that you are a secret
gymnast aren't you seek this out no love
secrets how secrets out two seconds over
oh I'm doing you must be double-jointed
whoa I'm just very flexible right silly
Billy can you touch your head with your
foot all right all the assets that we
could feel I don't know I bought it
online to see this line when your floor
the Canali Horace once looking at your
Horace like an innuendo yeah
what's impressive it doesn't look like
your legs well done thank you so much
yoga with Mark like me to do Christmas
never felt so good the number one Xmas
party warm up yay
who says Christmas hey papa do you six
 mad - yeah
shall we like to say oh my God look
what's on the scariest film ha ha no
this is a scary bit
do you like this film I haven't seen it
all the way through oh yeah well they
think oh no its et he's dying
Oh God look at him it looks like Nala
was it kissing even on the et rides no
uh yes in Disney yeah yeah oh boy
yeah I loved it shoddy shoddy with you
oh wait already marks make me cry sauce
I'm sorry you ready
watching back an old blog but marks it
is one of his favorite but can't get you
in my story assume did you think oh TZ
mal oh I don't like snail
wait I'll be on the past come on cuz I
like em alright firstly to find us no in
Ojai got this to an adult there's so
many around tonight so many yeah oh look
come on
come on oh come on Tralee not consumed
oh quit
come on give me a child odd house so
funny that laugh as well like a stiff
 oh come on oh come on of your Bob
no way are you alone off you plant
that's it come on
should we go on a snail adventure in the
garden Oh frog oh my god we've been
waiting for MA yeah we've been in this
room for two once and twice shy I keep
my distance but you still catch my eye
tell me baby do you recognize me
well haha we're done oh now I know what
a fool laughing but when you kiss me now
I know us we're at the very next day you
gave it away to Winky
to save me from tears I'll give it you
know what a fool I always want to go I
gave it to someone special
yeah me I guess I was a shoulder to cry
on
they saw the lover in fire in his heart
a man and the cover but chilly up ah oh
now a fellow real love I never pull me
again three two one Christmas I gave it
to someone special special lovely things
Merry Christmas said before de space
yeah best yeah for hope that words and
so iam mark last Christmas hope you
enjoyed it fine iTunes wait in the
corner we go in I'm off no you're not oh
no no you can't leave me I'm going see
ya
it's Horner so sorry that's why you're
really leavin isn't it you know I can't
breathe
thank you so much for having that's ok
thank you for coming let's do this more
let's do it every day yeah I am gonna
have to Nelson crystal some some way
yeah don't get you salad oh yeah I've
just been editing editing editing but I
thought before I fall asleep which I
know is going to happen and yes I am
going to take my makeup off right now I
thought I would end the video here
otherwise it will be the first video
that I have intended and I'll be really
annoyed with myself so I just want to
say good night
thanks for watching I hope you had a few
lulls during this video I
hanging out with mark I feel like we're
duo that bring out the fun side of each
other and I had the best day it was so
nice just like chilling and laughing and
chatting it was really fun um so yeah I
will see you again tomorrow because that
is what I'm doing filming every day
every single day up until Christmas Day
and I really hope you're enjoying it so
far I hope I'm not like over saturating
saturating yeah over saturating your
subscription box and that you're
literally not sick of my face yet
because because that would not be a good
thing um but yeah I gotta go to sleep
now good night I love you thanks for
watching I'll see you again tomorrow
okay
