good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day
I've got my Christmas jumper on that
says this is my xmas jumper got my
leather jacket on nullus got her coat on
where we go and pop look a wrinkled
forehead we are going to go on a lovely
beach walk with papi it's such a lovely
day today this is my favorite kind of
winter weather the sort of weather where
it's really cold and it's really crisp
but the Sun is out and it's beautiful so
we're going to make the most of it and
go for a little walk
firstly though I didn't do my chocolate
advent calendar yesterday I completely
forgot so I'm gonna do that now this one
and then another one I'm gonna do my
Thornton's one first look how cute I
just love their I wonder what I can eat
the big snowman I'm guessing like every
Sunday for 3 weeks in the month before
Christmas Day so I'm guessing just one a
week right number three oh it's done it
again it's not very good opening these
Oh see now Missy thinks everything with
an advent calendar is for her can't get
this one out what's that
is it like a Christmas tree in a snowy
landscape I'm not sure
mmm now number 4 - oh it was a snow
globe a present so let's put this one
back
oh do you want to do yours is that what
you're waiting for
oh why are you so cute come on then
where's yours let's go and get yours
bloody how she just jumped off the same
side of the sofa
that's not excitement I don't know what
is right here we go then this is
knowledge come on
oho you are such a good girl right
number four you coming up this way what
we got today
whoops oh it's a big fist get oh oh and
goodbye there we go I might save this
one for when we get back from the can I
put this we're running out of space I
might save that for when we get back
from the beach I'm not going to need a
hat because it's cold and where's my hat
oh you gonna use right let's find a hat
quickly um a hat might be some
sunglasses as well I feel like this one
is really big on my head like it's
really wide do you know what I mean do
you feel like that's a big one I just
want a little beanie hmm Oh perfect
beanie cam that's better
sunglasses I do actually have these
really cool ones that accompany them be
these I need to tidy my wardrobe guys
it's an absolute mess that's probably on
my list of things I should probably do
today tdys once there by a brand called
Quay or key I always say that wrong I
just don't know whether they're just a
bit big I think they might be a bit big
for my head
damnit why does this always happen to me
maybe I should give them to papi my head
is just always too big for sunglasses
right let's find my little selection of
small sunglasses mostly probably from
the kids section in shops that I can
wear all day shall we
these ones fit me any of you know
anywhere that specializes there we go
if any of you know anywhere that
specializes in small sunglasses do let
me know because I am I'm interested you
know let's go to the bridge edge let's
go get away no sir what the goodness I
have a drink clink found the Bud Light
there bitch it's like you know I love
you're a bad bitch me and hockey are in
OGG info they have some really nice
things in here look at the size of the
Christmas tree that is Christmas tree
goals right there and I love these
they're decorations like mirrored leaves
also the soap smell incredible
there's too much going on for knowledge
she can't handle it she just chased a
pigeon down street
women are these long-term next to us
major like this our display for in our
house I think my festiveness and my over
decoration or everything is rubbing off
on our I think it is he's never known
about this festive just look how
beautiful this looks
right now for those of you that don't
know my mum says these houses look like
cakes like a fondant cat like proper big
fancy cakes so we're just walking
towards the sea now as being a bit
mental but it's just a very love today
oh look big I love moving inside
people's houses and again a physical
operations I know guys look all stay off
the beach they're crazy you probably
can't hear me because it's so windy
look at the way my god crazy no no you
can't eat thighstr my gray look at this
color of the sky oh my god guys that is
like the best timing ever we just got
back into the car and it's just started
raining can you believe that Nala can
you believe that I always speak to her
like she's gonna reply to me she doesn't
oh now I'm stuck behind a lorry great
back now from the beach and I've got 102
Dalmatians on which is probably a bad
idea because not always doing this
endscreen um I've also made myself a
spot of lunch look at that little roll
with on my little father Christmas plate
like a child
like a child and I forgot what I've sat
down to do eat my lunch but do something
else and I don't remember what it was Oh
got my little pup and we've just been
watching Gabby's look missing we yeah
along my neck is why I love break-in
that why don't have a long neck Nala
don't snot on me do you think we should
probably give you a boss should we give
you a bath
you don't like bath time you don't like
bath time da Joe some dinner Joe some
dinner shall we go and get your dinner
dinner time she just keeps running
around me she's gonna come back watch I
think I'm gonna go and get your dinner
now oh come on then it's got to that
part of the evening again where I found
myself watching the crappiest Christmas
films I've ever seen so I'm going to
take myself to poppy and Shawn's where I
believe they're having a bit of a kind
of maintenance evening hanging some
pictures etc etc I'm going to take my
laptop and do some editing there and
just hang out with them because again I
am feeling super lonely this evening
guys I always do this I Drive on an
empty tank it's telling me I have no
miles left Oh
and then look range no miles no petrol
why do I do this I do it every time I'm
like I don't want to stop for petrol now
I'll do it another time if I can't get
home because I was stupid enough to
drive out with no petrol I'm really
annoyed at myself there was no parking
anywhere near poppy insurance so I
basically parked mile away I need to
walk there so I see the bit yes if your
radio station of choice this month
not smooth Exmouth then I can't ever
speak to you ever again to be honest
this radio station is the best thing
ever and you all need to listen to it
I'm obsessed so good anyway let's go
let's try and find a way to their house
you know when you're walking past lots
of people's houses and you can smell
everyone cooking dinner and like one
minute you've got a whiff of like
shepherd's pie and then you've got a
whiff of something too much hurry
well then always the fetch it's like you
can smell what everyone's cooking for
that dinner every night that smells good
a little much oh no I wouldn't go far
anyway I just thought I'd update you on
that as I'm making my walk the long
treacherous walk poppy and Shaun's
um yeah wah wah why do my boots look so
shiny I just don't trust that I'm not
stepping in dog poo right now it's too
dark and these pavements are far too
risky wah wah it's a Chuckie Pig not a
Chuckie Pig I got him he's going he's
going come on Shawn I got a little
friend for you at Chucky PE okay Shawn
being all of the big this going up my
sleeve you ready go so good Nikki I'll
lose him he's on my hand what should we
do with him though oh okay don't really
like it whoa
he goes it was crawling up my arm he's
gone I wasn't gone I'm gonna find him in
my dinner oh you just went up my sleeve
if I'm honest I like little Jackie pigs
okay myself I'm poppy poor listen to our
rocket oh yeah by the way they're doing
work in their flat because they're
hanging up lots of pictures and stuff so
Sean's making a lot of holes in the wall
for this big old power drill
he looks really creepy right now he's
like holding it like
city's left I love me could be exactly
love forget all this is one of my
favorite songs from the album Oh wha
maybe you have to warm us hearts maybe
you need you anyway
Mina papi are making mince pies but
she's just rolled out some shortcrust
pastry and it's all brown garlic too
fast can lead to cracks don't worry you
can have had pastry by wetting your
fingers and gently smoothing it together
again so do that then could you just got
a couple of grasses or that much is
there really no how do you meet pastry
it's really really yes really really
you can use my little mince pie recipe
on my blog finder just now on my blog
slice the snow oh yeah smile a little
smile on my blog it depends how many you
wanna make that's okay you can do it you
have to write we're gonna get on there
we ended up using the puff pastry and a
glass bottle because poppy still hasn't
got a rolling pin since the time we made
pizzas it's at most companies also we're
gonna see how much we can get out of
this I reckon we might be alright
anything you want struggle with is the
stars on top yeah
whoa we're getting quite a fat bit out
of this nine true put nine into star
okay you've got new stars on the top of
them otherwise they're not really mid
spice they're just mince opens how could
Wow oh yeah
oh I'll tell you what you could do is
make crumble and crumble crumble on top
you're right there Sean what have you
just done oh the still going wrong beef
mince pies better be amazing with the
much more pastry oh my god yay I
actually think they look good do you
we don't we've made more pastry from
scratch but we don't know if this is so
freezing or plain flour interested yeah
I reckon we might have just designed a
new type if you like puff pies yeah
buffman space
you know I just the Hoffmans pastry
puffs mitts pasties pasty a puff mint
pasty that's what we've just invented
now I'm going to add a royal dosing
really could you not imagine eating like
a pastry like a path or pasty yeah puff
mint pasty that would be like sure
what's that thing it you got be fired
from the bagel shop on Brick Lane like
me apples is that what I yeah down there
I thought we'd invented something really
cool and right side patties in the oven
yeah how long they going for it's like
20 15 to 20 minutes
right okay where's your oven where am I
going it's right here
oh look at these we run out of mince
meat so we we made some apricot and some
Jam words I'm actually really excited I
don't like mince meat and look at these
ones in the oven
Oh although they have puffed up a little
bit but not the ones we've made from
scratch I think we put too much minced
meat in there mark oh they just look
nice and cute and rustic and homemade do
your best Michael Jackson dance hey can
you real can you mean walk yep you got
it
yes yay look how cute they look
I actually am quite excited to eat these
little joined our ones but they've been
really cute and we are now off to
collect a pizza face because it's been a
while yeah okay who's coming with me
Poppy's just having to pay
I got petrol yay myself and poppy have
come out we've got the pizza she's just
in there now there she is in Pizza face
waiting for the pizza yeah yours pizza
pop delicious
go home and eat this hmm oh my god it
smells so good I like it
thank you these look so delicious I will
see you both we all play see gold in
Spungen ah we're watching Joe and Castro
and Alan Carr's chatty man very proud
big sister okay guys so I am back home
now it's kind of late also can we all
just take a moment to appreciate the
fact I have ended all four vlogs so far
like that's quite impressive for me you
guys know that icon end vlog because I
get so tired in the evenings but I just
completely crash anyway I hope you've
enjoyed today give it a thumbs up if you
if you did I can't speak I'm too tired
and I'll see you again tomorrow
