good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 16
I hope you're all having a wonderful
weekend so far myself for now he had a
little bit of a lie-in today which was
very well enjoyed and we had a little
Sainsbury's delivery this morning which
alfie is currently putting away thank
you very much happy kitchen row we've
both done a vlog now we are going to
brave going into town on a Saturday I
feel like today is going to be so busy
in town
but it could be you know when it's so
busy because everyone just like walks in
like in a line heads down go yeah I know
what you mean hopefully and also we
don't we don't need to like go into like
town town we're just going in to let the
north lanes so fingers crossed it's not
too busy but I do feel like they say
this weekend in December is usually the
busiest weekend for Christmas shopping
what is this weekend in December that's
good really glad we're also gonna go and
pick up Nala and I'm so excited
I've really really missed her like more
than normal and I don't really know why
it's only being like two nights but I've
missed her we've still got a lot of cake
left
Kate are we guest today what Rob today
and what did I eat in the hotel room
when we were leaving yesterday the
muffin yeah
see you at him off it I didn't offer
yeah I ate my muffin and then I was like
oh my god no I'm not saying that I was
in to push my vlog I'm saying that as in
there's a clip whom I broke from
yesterday that people might not see
but can you tell me cuz now I really
want to know I'll tell you videos
uploading or scheduled scheduled tweet
happy happy days alfie deyes happy days
just popped into the garden center gave
some money to the Sussex Ryder Service
emergency Ryder volunteers got myself a
little sticker need to get the guinea
pigs and seed where is this need on
being stared at I always get very
self-conscious when I vlog on my own in
public like extremely I mean I'm
surprising me we're doing it right now
get out he's not here got the guinea pig
food now I need to find the tails oh
yeah over here
perfectly was he how that made me jump
Jesus oh we actually want a little bird
table I should have asked for one for
Christmas that would have been a cute
present maybe we'll come back and get
one in the new year
nice I don't know where Alfie's parked
and I don't have my phone on me Oh God
where's it gone how will I ever find him
in this massive car park I wonder if he
knows I'm looking for him probably not
well this will be fun we've definitely
got time for this let's find out be
it's gonna come to the front it's okay
I'm mortgage I found you this poo is
unreal my seats far forward I've locked
in there on my own
did you yeah yeah it's always me I swear
when you log actually know yesterday
itself just loads of people looking at
you and you're like do you
i legit gap vlogging on my own fear I
don't really like to vlog on my own tour
more yeah but you think after like how
many years I've been doing this yeah you
think after that amount of time I
wouldn't be so like nervous about it but
I do get very very on edge we're not
blogging on my own just not everyone
it's Sarah did it though and I got the
seed and now I'm like it's matches my
scarf yeah
they gave me sticker yeah yeah he was
like can I give you a sticker and I was
like there was a part of me that was
like oh I really want him to save them
for everybody else but then I thought
he'll might take quite a lot of joy in
giving me the sticker so I was like yes
please
I'm good on my recorder oh my god why
five laps time-lapse that cloud movement
in serious though look at that
it is moving very fast you're right
Alfie very quick I can just about see it
who the bird crap on our window Oh
lovely
do you remember that click where we both
got drivin it if anyone can find that on
one of my video and we want to pass that
welcome yesterday good time
oh we're in welcome Emma by the way I've
just become a bit obsessed with it yeah
about two years ago basically I really
loved working mama and I would eat it
all day every day if I could
in fact I pretty much did when we lived
in our old house not gonna lie
I don't get see as much as I would like
nowadays
but it is busy in here in town like in
unreal
food has arrived I mean so adventurous
have gone for a chicken katsu curry
because I never tried this before
Alfie's go yeah pretty crazy for me i'll
be stompin some duck pancake
Oh obvious you know I'm pretty sure
everyone knows that Alfie who likes to
order like five dishes days five days
because like you just don't do that
which made it really obvious that I was
actually getting anyone so I just
thought so did you show me this one but
in black but in black I think these look
amazing I mean I should imagine these
come with a much higher price tag but
also something like that where you can
teach work you teach you how to learn
which is the one that Tom and Jim have
or had this one is this the matte black
this one's cool I love that neither of
us can play piano and we're surrounded
by people who can actually play piano
and they're like testing out the piano
they sound sick me and Alfie and I'm
here like this
definitely don't know what we're doing
okay but we've got a good idea of what
is one know not well what we were I
don't know what I want I've never owned
a piano okay well that was a successful
Christmas present shop with a net very
successful we've got one I've never been
so open about buying a present before it
was pretty weird everyone else is gonna
know what your present is I know you had
a big investor oh you changed it
compared to the one that I yeah went in
thinking you switch oh we've gone for
like matte black what's the brand
contemporary black contemporary black
glory and I've got a double seat as well
so you listen on the play we need to
learn right in there like I actually
think we should do lessons you know well
I've always wanted to play piano your
assistant is like grade eight a piano
yeah she could probably teach me and
that's gonna be cheated I'm gonna be
like I'm gonna be in meetings all day or
something and come back and you look at
I've learned I've like you guys haven't
been working we are the ones that should
be in meetings and we could be the ones
ending up just sucking off the meetings
to learn piano I'm gonna have strict
rules on my piano when it can be played
it cannot do in work hours the best bit
about it is he's not allowed to touch it
or play it this sounds weird to
strangers walking past until Christmas
day because I'm gonna wrap it up and
it's flat packed so you can rise on
Tuesday as well you're gonna have to get
your screwdrivers out on Christmas today
if you want to play it before No okay
yeah I'll let you do that only because I
think it will be really fun to wrap it
when it's all like massive you're gonna
wake up on Christmas Day to me playing a
Christmas song on the piano
you're not allowed I think everyone else
like your family still think it's a
surprise
oh they will know about it yeah because
I told everyone that's what I wanted to
get you and then your bloody in there
looking at them for yourself no that was
after you told me that was after you
told me okay it's raining you do
anything else in town I feel like we've
forgotten telling that we were going to
do in town
no I think that was everything we wanted
to eat and we wanted to get the piano
and I think we did want to get milk but
we could stop off somewhere when we go
and pick up Nala anyway we're heading
back to the car and then we're gonna go
get another my god so busy busy I told
you that's like you gonna move to play
in this
there is hardly marks coming tomorrow
everybody and we're going to the garden
center Rosie I know our favorite garden
center and we're gonna really yeah and
we're going to be listening to all the
Christmas songs and you know what else
I'm gonna do make him watch out oh my
gosh yes you've never seen elf out
Alphen the Grinch decrees always really
hard to watch your film with Mark
because we just talk all the time so we
can't really concentrate anything don't
you make some cop set he's never seen
our for granted yeah I know but that is
all about to change and we also really
want to watch Gavin at Stacey's
Christmas special I say we I mean me
hello Missy have you been a good girl I
was just saying how much I love this
little fat roll that should get still
got my hat and scarf on I'm just
realizing I went to film no it's just
very comfy you know when you don't want
to take something off with you're like
oh I'm so cozy with the little Mandarin
ex we've introduced them to black mirror
what do you think so far I did put quite
a tenth one on so they're all varying
levels of test their drink we're now law
shows we're now watching the one called
shut up and dance I think that's good
Alfie is asleep hold up by the fire very
cozy where's the doggies gone oh they
think that they're being fed we've just
placed an order at cream oh that's mine
that's mine
yeah I know it came so quickly Adi oh my
god that's yours
that looks and smells incredible yeah
I will um look how amazing this waffle
looks I am never gonna eat this but I'm
really excited look at my look at my
pudding Nick Jesus it's humongous I know
Alfie we should have found a shared a
then we get something I know it's me
we've just left a Mandarin Nicks that
was a lovely evening we all just like
chilled watch black mirror I don't know
if they liked it or not I think it's
quite dark black mirror is the sort of
thing that really makes you think and I
just I'm wondering whether your mom
would have just prefer to have watched
strictly enjoy
I think son Junipero like probably saved
the day a bit because the faculty we
picked a really dark by watching three
movies as well as Sam Junipero whatever
it is yeah I've got nyla wrapped up in
my scarf
she's so cute she's so tired whenever
she's been with buzz it's like they both
wear each other out so much and it's
like we get her back and she's just so
tired this must be what it's like for
mums when they take their children to
the park when they get home and their
child is like ready for naps thank you
looking at all the house lights of the
houses lights with the house
houses hit the lights so we're heading
back now I'm contemplating whether or
not to have a bar oh you are there's
everyone together
I just don't know whether I want to
either go straight to bed or have a bath
I'll be nine this ribbon on I know so I
have this thing which I don't always
have I think I only have it when I'm
exceptionally busy or if I feel a bit
stressed or if like I don't know I think
when my mind is like on overdrive where
no matter what time I go to bed it's
about to get very dark for this we're
just about to lose streetlights no
matter what time I go to bed I have I
wake up at 7 I don't need to set an
alarm in fact I don't remember the last
time I said alarm I think probably to go
to ellebra just in case we missed the
flight but so last night we went to bed
at quarter to two probably half one
quarter to two and I'm still wide awake
at 7 a.m. I can't go back to sleep it's
like my mind clicks into right here are
all the things you need to do and then I
think I need to get up and do them and I
just cannot get back to sleep so went to
sleep at quarter to 2:00 woke up at 7
and I've pretty much done that like
through December I've not really had any
like super early nights apart from a
couple where I think I fell asleep on
the sofa so now I'm more tired because
I didn't really get as much sleep and I
am the sort of person that does need my
sleep
does anyone else get that like alpha is
the complete opposite of that like you
can go to bed at any time but you can
also sleep till any time like how long
do you think you'd sleep floor if you
never set an alarm
I wouldn't feel good when I wake up
though no but you could carry on
sleeping yeah or you'd wake up but you
could so easily fall back sleep if you
do every morning when you put your alarm
on snooze ah
don't get me wrong I like waking up
early and I like thinking my day started
and I'm gonna get all my stuff done but
I'd like to be able to have the extra
bit of sleep if I go to bed later and I
can't I just lose it it's just gone so I
do think - you might drink coffee and I
don't drink any Kathy I don't have any
caffeine ever so
honestly you're like a real-life baby
you're my little wrinkly hairy baby
really hairy some babies I like that
yeah to be fair some are born like that
wrinkly in a bit hairy that's probably
how you were born
wrinkly in a bit hairy your III know I'm
you trying to say because in 27 I've got
wrinkles
bitch I am currently running out be a
far and while that is running I'm gonna
go down and get his Prezi from under the
tree although I feel like don't remember
what they are so I can have a little
look at them and try and suss out what I
think they might be well I'm gonna give
him this one I remember this one okay
right go and give him they're all hot
rooms chilly no she's like look looking
at me over our shoulder hello this is a
view I love when she's in these like
tired moods this is when you're my
favorite
I just wrapped her up in this blanket
and she does not care oh oh so jealous
of you right now is your present excited
I should probably be giving you two
presents as well yeah but just cuz we
forgot you know I was like what I've
seen these before have you I've never
tried to do it that I've seen like you
know when you go into like toy shops
yeah proper big ones in London and you
get other people like showing you how to
do with this stuff I just thought if
there ever was a Alfie gadget that's
sick
I've never used for myself though do you
think you have to charge up or do you
think it's batteries
have you not seen one in use no like
they're genuinely awesome so just for
reference it's a wall climbing car
probably they go up the wall oh not as
interested do batteries yeah you got use
for this bear Tommy and then you charge
the car from the controller yeah I
thought there's a couple of things I've
given you that you need put batteries in
that you haven't put batteries in yet
your little arcade that I bought you I
might go downstairs and grab all the
batteries and what batteries does it
need I've put batteries in both Alfie's
little toys right she turns on yeah how
do you turn it on oh my god yeah
arcade maybe the over button yeah well
there's loads of game oh my god there's
loads yeah
oh my god it's got worms oh my god like
the sound is pretty good as well you can
play it in the bar just don't drop it
and then this is charging I probably
shouldn't be encouraging the gadgets but
it's all fun I've lost them I am beyond
sleepy I've already been asleep and then
I just woke up and was like I haven't
ended the vlog it looks like
Alfie's put pitch-perfect on I think
this is the first one but I'm gonna go
to sleep now
and I really hope you've enjoyed the
vlog today
thumbs up if you did and I will see you
again tomorrow goodnight
