hello everybody and welcome to vlogmas
day 3 oh my god it's already day 3
so this morning I am well firstly I did
not do a very good job taking off my eye
makeup last night I was pretty much
falling asleep and I just got my like
cotton wool pad with my eye makeup
remover in his vent so that's not good
um this morning I am going to make
myself some breakfast I really really
want some yogurt yogurt does anyone
actually call it that yogurt wants me
yogurt yogurt I like me some yogurt I'm
going to use this yogurt mmm Oh apple
juice yes then I think a banana and I
also bought some apple and melon not
melon mango I don't like melon I think
that's all I want just a bit of fruit
have no berries which is most unlike me
because I love berry fruit only have
kind of yellow fruit and some honey
mm-hmm where is all money at sighs my
tea collection is just getting
ridiculous
look at this companies keep sending me
tea because they know how much I like
tea but like it goes on back there as
well and then this is the hot chocolate
collection but where is my honey all my
mum brought me to fudge it's nice
because I just feel like we might have
too much in these cupboards to be honest
with you right I don't know where the
honey is and I need a week and for some
reason that's making me need even more
as a father I don't know how it is
because I can't quickly grab it maybe
it's in here actually mom I know it's
more of like spices draw I found the
honey and in doing so also realize that
I have three maple syrups in the
cupboard no one needs that much maple
syrup critic sprite let's make this
there we go
lots of fruit and there's yogurt and
honey underneath and my fresh glass of
apple juice I'm going to go and eat this
now and watch some other people's vlog
missus before I have to start the day
still haven't done my makeup yet but
I've had a meeting this morning and now
Kerry's here and we're trying to get
basically I want to do a little photo
shoot with Nala with all her cute
Christmas outfits so we've set up a
little pet a pet pedestal a pet studio
where we're going to attempt to take
some photos these are the outfits that
I've picked so we've got some Christmasy
outfits I just felt like I've got so
many Christmassy outfits and I want to
see her wearing them let's be honest so
I thought this would be a nice little
thing to put on the blog and you guys
all love to see Nala in her different
festive outfits so we're going to
attempt to do this are you ready I feel
like this is just gonna be I mean they
do say never work with children animals
we're gonna have okay we're gonna have
some little the clicker and someone on
the dog with food right you ready Missy
are you ready you're gonna get some
treats if you're good well she's being
obedient at least and inquisitive okay
which one should go for first the
Christmas pudding yeah let's do the
Christmas let's do the Christmas pudding
first look at outfit number one aren't
you so cute
oh you gonna go back up good girl sit
we've got this down look at her Oh Oh
bless you
she's like please I'm doing all the
things I'm doing all the things for all
the tree showing up way doing this is
outfit number two which is an elf outfit
that I absolutely love gone and all that
remained was the Hat oh excuse me
I actually think this might be one of my
favorite outfits that that she's got
it's a little elf one last year she did
have the same outfit but it was really
tiny and a viewer bought this one for
her and it was really big and I thought
I'm gonna save that because I bet you
next year we get hurt when the one she
was wearing last year I knew wouldn't
fit her forever so I kept it and I'm so
glad I did because it's so cute wait
look at Carrie you go way - oh good girl
are you so professional you're hired
look at the photos see Carrie
specializes in dog photography because
she has two dogs another no she's just
happy when there's trees yeah I mean at
least she's really good for her training
isn't it good girl oh but the Grinch mum
oh it's because the dog
on the Grinch oh that's why she's
excited so this was outfit number I have
lost count one two three that was outfit
number four Santa's Little Helper
Oh God that made me jump so now we're
moving on to I don't know what do you
think maybe just like a classic coat oh
the Christmas coat yeah we should put
her in the Christmas coat nah try to get
a Christmas coat yeah hmm yes
show them your last outfit she's looking
for treats because we dropped a man with
treats on the floor
I'll look cuz I said show them your last
outfit she jumped up on here are you so
good
skies look how cool this is this arrived
in the post for me this morning and it's
a book by Raymond Briggs called notes
from the sofa from the beloved
best-selling author of the Snowman and
other children's classics comes the
first new book in a decade old age is
another country I was just like that's
so cool I absolutely love Raymond Briggs
I love all his stories although most of
them are quite sad Raymond just going to
throw that out there I used to listen to
them all on tape when I was younger
let's see is a beautifully illustrated
compilation of reflections on life and
what it means to get older
Raymond Briggs dips in his past to
remind us of scrumping apples national
service party lines on telephones the
torment of cinema organs and the endless
obsession with laxatives but also gives
us warm and memorable sketches of his
life now as he enters his ninth decade
oh this is so sweet
and look this is what I saw earlier I
was like oh my goodness it's signed by
him I just think that's so cool because
he's just amazing so yeah how lovely is
that came from the place of my books get
published and printed so thank you so
much I'm actually really excited to read
this I think it will be really good I
also think my grandparents would really
enjoy this and maybe even my parents
although I feel like it's the sort of
thing that if you give to a parent they
might be like what are you suggesting
but yeah
I just thought that was worth showing
you guys because I thought it was really
cool and we managed to get some really
cute shots of her she was being the
perfect model and then she went off and
had a little sleep if you're wondering
why I have this on it's because I'm so
cold I don't know why it's gone so cold
in my house it just feels really cold in
here today so I've put on my little
Christmas slippers and I've put my
dressing gown on because I can't cope
with the cold I'm also so spotty I knew
this would happen I've been like spot
free for like a month and then the
minute I start blog verse it's like boom
and it's all around my mouth I feel
really quite self-conscious about it
which I don't normally with spots I'm
kind of like oh it's a spot everyone
gets spots it doesn't matter but for
some rumor I just feel really
self-conscious about it being around my
mouth not self-conscious enough that I
wouldn't just vlog because I mean let's
be honest it's just a spot but it is
like a little bit kind of who um I'm
just making myself some lunch and I've
just edited yesterday's vlog I talk too
much guys I was like how is this vlog so
long again I didn't do anything
yesterday but it's because I just talk
so much I'm such a Rambler which you
obviously all know anyway but my
goodness I need to shut up sometimes
look at mr. P
is it hard work being a model are you so
worn out now she's so cute
this pen was honestly like the best
thing we've ever bought she absolutely
loves it she never goes into her crate
anymore I mean god she's got enough
selection of beds there but she actually
just chooses to go in and just be in
there so if any of you have a small dog
or I mean if you have a slightly bigger
dog you can get bigger pens but we use
this when we go out so we can put her
water in there we can put a bed in there
we could put a couple of toys in there
and I think I genuinely think she just
loves it like it's like her little
bedroom so yeah I'm so happy I got that
and it also just means that if we're
doing things around the house and we
just want her to be somewhere safe that
we know she's not going to cause any
trouble or get herself into any messes
then we can put her in there and she's
really happy to just be in there so
massive thumbs up for the pen I found
this little like Polaroid of me and
Alfie on Christmas morning 2013 look at
us look at Elvis Presley behind me as
well on the stocking Alfie looks so
different I honestly think I look the
exact same but I think Alfie looks
really different
I don't ever keep those pajamas kind of
annoyed it myself
we all had matching PJ's which is a
tradition that we will be keeping up
this year but how cute is that so cute
we should take another one this year and
compare them see how much we've changed
oh Christmas tree oh Christmas tree
I'm just obsessed with the Christmas
tree I just think it looks so pretty I
can't stop filming it sorry guys I've
just put my day three of 24 days of
zoella live which is a Christmas haul we
all knew there was going to be one of
those because I love hauls I love
shopping and I love Christmas so it was
bound to happen at some point
I will leave a link to it in the
description box of this video now what I
want to do actually is open these Beauty
advent calendars otherwise I'm never
going to get around to doing it and I
really really want to because they look
amazing but if it ever kind of chilled
at home video today I'm basically trying
to do as much editing and blog post
writing and just kind of tying bits up
really that I can now before before
Christmas before December starts getting
a lot busier so that's what I've been
doing today pretty much it's not going
to be like this every day although to be
fair I actually really enjoy watching
people's vlogs where they're just
chilling at home but in the mean time I
actually know I can't get over how
Christmassy my house is it's ridiculous
I need to do I need to put the new
bedding on the sheets that's not quite
dry oh I hate that when something's not
quite dry I've put my other one in the
oh look at that one minute remaining
what great timing I've put my actual bed
sheet in the tumble dryer so hopefully
that is nice and dry oh this is a great
angle great angle cut out of the camera
don't your dinner right we wait don't
wait wait good girl good girl
wait good girl and bigger good girl oh
we have to do that because it has to
learn malice but also if she's around
other dogs while they're eating etc etc
she I don't know she just has to learn
that she can only what we say so much
like me and apathy I'll think and only
when I face object I do think this is
now done though because it just played a
little tune yes
this looks hot holy mackerel
let's put all this on the bed and make
my bed perfect and cozy look there's
honestly nothing better than getting
into a bed that's um got fresh sheets on
it so let's do Oh wrong one there we go
Oh No mmm what what am i doing okay
clearly the lights don't work that's
fine oh right I should be going to bed
as soon as the lights it's dark now as
soon as the lights go off I feel like I
should be going to bed but what by doing
with these lights the fun things we get
to do in vlog
this is what dreams are made of
actually I'm singing it right this is
what dreams are made of look at it I am
so excited to get into this later yeah
buddy
oh like doing this party I just love you
hmm why have you got another makeup bag
next to you is that yours is it got all
your essentials in there right now I am
typing up my body shop blog post here
yes
oh there we go
just type and on the TV is the film
Charlie's Angels
full throttle which I used to be
obsessed with I actually think I went to
see it in the cinema with a friend of
mine like years ago I don't even know
how old this film is but it's just the
best thing ever I've been watching this
whilst looking through your comments on
my vlog glad you're all enjoying it
still and then writing this up and then
we can do the calendar yeah about
calendars cuz I haven't done them today
yet what's happening Lola
what's happening
nom-nom-nom-nom-nom
which one of these is your favorite
I've been munching whispers because I
swear these never used to be in this box
I think this is new for this year but
whispers are my absolute favorite
so I am really happy with this box of
chocolate right now you like it together
you're gonna look after Percy oh good
look after
what's he doing now uh what's percy
doing is he on your bed we're having a
family picnic ha ha ha look at the boys
watching telly oh my god guys I just
love guinea pigs mouths when they eat
look at this it's like they've got the
cutest little chops or you can't really
see there we go look at their little
mouths is that not the best thing you've
seen ever you're right as well pick I
want you to all sit together we should
have put them in with your photo shoot
but that would have been pretty
impossible day three Oh Lana look two
biscuits today mmm these are two flower
shaped treats made with beef liver fresh
carrots blackstrap molasses and alfalfa
to help keep your dog's coat as shiny as
a christmas ball ball
oh don't eat it Percy why must you eat
everything I just wanted to record your
cute noises look at them watching I'm a
celebrity get me out of here okay let's
open these guinea pigs have gone
knowledge like well ago right I already
opened a couple of these to take photos
of them for the blog so I don't know
which ones have already inside number
one open the daughter of your magical
drops that will help you achieve shiny
beautiful locks Oh Moroccan oil oh it's
a really good travel size - this stuff's
expensive that's really good for day one
day two looks like I might have open
this one Oh Lord and berry I think this
is either an eyeliner or an lip gloss
your lip gloss nice and then number
three is here boo glam blow another
quite pricy brand there so this is all
if it wants to focus super mud clearing
treatment I could really do with that
right now
that one is look fantastic
very impressed with those let's go on to
the Liberty one I don't know do we just
go one two three maybe okay Oh Roma
therapy associates destress mussel gel
open up there hmm this one is all this
fixed call this is a absolute
beautifying potion with ruku oil all
kinds of hash but that looks good
excited to try that oh whoops
it's bound to happen at some point just
pop that back in right so this is dr.
Saba Saba serum repair hyaluronic acid
skin moisturizing revitalizing serum
this looks good
let's open that well
these doors look like they've been
tampered with don't they I don't even
know what that one was
okay number one maybe that was number
one must have been oh no there's number
one oh these doors are these ones Oh
invented for you to pull off nooks mask
creme fraiche 24-hour soothing and
rehydrating fresh mask amazing
number two is down here oh look at this
oh there we go molten Brown what does
this say frankincense and allspice oh oh
but that's lovely for this time of year
how exciting number three ah here well
I've not opened this one
Oh cowshed hand cream again a really
lovely size oh look an extra gift from
us enjoy five pounds off your next order
ah
enter 5 for you at checkout
I wonder if you're all going to do that
now ok guys I am going to get in this
bath which I've just run but I thought I
would just quickly show you which bath
ball
I'm gonna use this one's called yoga I
think it's cool yoga bomb or something
and it's meant to be nice and relaxing
or do I want to put an oil in no this
one okay in it goes
I also use the last little bit of the
magic wand ooh it's like fizzing already
from bubbles there we go this one smells
really really good
and then I'm going to do this face mask
it's by a brand called a door and it's
called golden touch 24k magnetic facial
mask I don't actually know too much
about this because it got sent to my
peer box recently and I've only used it
once before but it was really cool so I
just thought I would do it again guys I
just wanted to show you this little play
suit because I am absolutely obsessed
with it it's got little father
Christmas's on ignore the mess in this
room by the way
it's from wild fox so it's not like the
cheapest pj set but when I saw it I was
like this looks so cute it's kind of
like perfect bedtime because I get cold
on top but I get quite warm like on my
legs but yes my bath was so lovely and
then I just got out and put this on and
just thought I'd show you because I
really really liked it I also just
watched the secret life of a six year
old and it's honestly like the best
program ever I am obsessed with it they
had the secret life of a four-year-old
and I think they did the secret life of
a five-year-old and I've just watched
the six year old one it's just so cute
if you haven't seen it you have to check
out I think it's channel 4 and then I
think I'm just going to go to bed I do
need to still edit a couple of videos
for my main channel and I've got little
Nala on the bed with me I put my heated
sheet on before I got in the bed so it
was all nice and toasty and I've got my
full glass of apple juice and a Rolo
yogurt a little cheeky Rolo yogurt but
I've had a really really lovely chilled
evening
and bath was really nice but I actually
was thinking I just feel feel kind of
lonely with Alfie not hair like a lot of
the times I am I am busy but a lot of
times I kind of just think I'll be he'll
be back in a couple of days and I've got
lots of things I need to do anyway and
it just kind of goes really quickly like
I'm quite good at not being lonely but I
actually do feel a little bit lonely oh
well not long till he's back and I do
have a lot to do so to be fair he's only
going to be a distraction I hope you've
enjoyed today's video give it a thumbs
up if you did let me know in the
comments your favorite part from today I
love you very very much and I really do
mean that and I will see you again
tomorrow I mean my hair is up right now
but you get the idea the woman was like
oh hey you have a good party how often
would it be if you was actually I mean I
wasn't I bought a bag of crisps
