good morning everybody it's got steak
you
and it's the door and where's my little
princess at Birth the jury
alphy left this morning at 5:00 a.m. I
was like bye he woke me up to say
goodbye obviously I wanted to hello hi
princess coming out of your stinking
dwelling come on then
good girl yeah Big Sleep you had such a
big sleep today come on this way
she always tries to run off without
going to the toilet when it will get
breakfast good good girl
her master Alfie went off this morning
at 5:00 a.m. and we and then we went to
sleep because I was so tired last night
it was actually it was actually kind of
unreal how tired I was I think I got too
excited through the day and it just wore
me down I was like but you know well I
need to go to bed or just eat tired
oh she's seen a bird Oh God oh goodness
nope no this is her little box that we
can't have breakfast in and we do have
to actually weigh it out because pug put
weight on very easily which is in here
half now half later can you hear her
she's like moaning like no I went to
breakfast now let us know how you've
asked for breakfast we do it nicely and
kindly wait wait
Google wait good good girl Oh a
desperation the desperation was our food
no I really want some squash because I
feel really thirsty you know when you
feel like squash is the only thing that
can quench your thirst that is what I
have right now yeah me I was watching an
old not an old one but it was Tonya's
vlogmas from last year and she poured
herself a glass of orange and pineapple
squash and as I watched her doing it I
like my mouth like salivated and I was
like I need some orange and pineapple
squash and since then I've been like
addicted to it if you weren't thirsty
before I bet you're thirsty now why it's
blue in here
the smell where you open the door and
you had your Christmas tree in there all
night and it smells a Christmas tree
that is what this smells like oh my
goodness how am I gonna open it oh there
we go
ah looks so lovely I need to UM water it
though for sure so let's find a little
jug where's my little jog tree we had
last year hmm that's a good thing to
water a tree with right so bars but yeah
I'll do the tree we had last year and
just put you down weaken the tree we had
last year was from being cute and it was
awful
it died after like a week so we're not
really too sure why it died I thought I
overwatered it but paddy you really
can't over wood over water at Christmas
tree so I don't really know what
happened I think maybe it just been cut
for a really long time before we bought
it so the needles just kind of went
Brown and dropped off but this I'm
wanting to keep alive for a long time
plus it was literally chopped down the
day we got it so hopefully it'll be okay
so I think my task for today is to put
all the foliage and the holly up on like
the mantle pieces and things so then
it's all like fully Christmassy oh and
now that Alfie's gone away we can't do
this until he gets back so he's gonna
have like a full-on treasure hunt in the
house when he gets back on Sunday but
yeah this has to resume on pause now
which is a shame never mind
however I can do my advent calendars so
that is on the loom now I'm gonna do
this one first
let me see where's number two here
little train
oh no is that a fire engine it's cold
outside don't forget your ball hat what
does a fire engine have to do with
Christmas guys is it like a toy now we
go pop those back then we've got
knowledge Alfie gave one of his to his
mum so now he's got one right no no this
is for you remember right you just
snotted all over it I can see that
where's number two no back this one can
you see it what is it called bones again
you gonna sit you're gonna sit good girl
sit sit down oh she's sad like excited
that she can't like cope okay down good
girl this is proving to be very
successful how cute is that
let's put this back you can have another
one tomorrow that must be what it's like
with kids they're just like oh we have
another one for you but another day
let's go and edit you're going to come
with me need to edit yesterday's vlog
which I'm pretty sure I had about an
hour's worth of footage of so that's
going to be fun and then I just need to
get my 24 days as no other video ready
and then I can start the day properly
just uploading video and Muppets
Christmas carol is on which is like my
fav it's at the end now though which is
a shame and little knowledge next to me
oh it's very dark watching the telly
'she always does look at her she's so
cute
you tired oh do you have been the best
day watching Christmas films while I
edit is it so fun especially since you
can sleep on the bed so she's like bitch
don't disturb me I'm trying to sleep
okay just letting Nala back in come on
then
good girl taking her up the toilet and
myself and papi return the Christmas
tree myself and papi are going to go
food shopping because I have zero food
in the house and mean Alfie we're going
to go in the now he's going to Singapore
so I'm like yeah you know what I think I
need some food okay we're going to give
you a treat if you go in your pen in bed
good oh she's so good there you go let
me get your water I need to find my bags
my little bags for life so I can take
those to wait trace okay here's your
water pup sit good girl I'll be back in
an hour I really enjoy food chipping I
don't know about you guys I really love
it it's just something about it so maybe
I'll give you a little food shop haul
when they get back let's just check I've
got everything I need in Mohammed
bargain you know like keys tissues
because I've been so poorly my keys
purse would be good and I got a person
here
some tic-tacs where's my purse there it
is
buy it all hey let's hit the road I'm
also go dull sounds going papi I think I
did I'm going crazy from goodness sake
we get so many deliveries in this house
ah
on a normal day let alone when it's
nearly Christmas like the deliveries of
like times 100 right
where are my cute little Marks and
Spencer bags because they are the ones I
want to take because we're sure freaking
cute oh is that one this is a room you
don't normally see in any videos it's
called the room where we don't watch it
that guess there they are
yay my cute M&S bags going to Waitrose
though sorry wait chose it's just that
M&S do way better like bags for life the
new guys but that's okay I like to
alternate between the two to be fair to
be fair to them okay I'm ready
look well bear mistletoe hmm got nowhere
to kiss under the mistletoe though cuz
Alfie ain't here feel like I've
forgotten something because I've been
vlogging the whole time I've been
getting ready but I think I have
everything I don't know where the two
back to their nuts though we all know
what I'll get my kind of go food joy oh
no no I need a wee pop is going to be
like where the hell is she sorry papi I
needed a way and oh I'm gonna take the
TK Maxx one because it's a big old boy
it's we time I'm really sorry but I'm
not taking you with me well haven't we
and in case you wanted to know what I
keep in this car I'll tell you a lot of
sweet curry sauce from McDonald's and a
halfie in malteaser reindeer and a heck
load of receipts
let's go it's me oh it's me oh look at
your Christmas tree and your mistletoe I
never get home I never get the mirror up
Oh a new mirror hello as you are pieces
love me yeah I do it's really cool
very nice I like this that Poppy's got
look the shelf fell down last night
we've got so much like DIY did you say
did it fall on your MacBook oh I do
think I just had it Clank and I'm Shawn
picked up where are we pop let's get
Rallo
yes festive search by virgin yeah I also
hope you wear that hat every day I kind
of feel like I need to get big trolley
you know I always make the mistake of
going for a small one right if I get
this one do you want to sit in here
oh look at the mini Christmas trees I'll
tell you what's really useful those
wreath Packers
you put it over your door so you put
that over the door and then the wreath
hangs off of that with that work on my
friend Dino
probably yeah it would we've got one
like that an ardour o huzi where you're
going to hang the string from though a
nail look at this that Papi's just found
is it looks like a dinosaur like back
joint meat pretty though yeah I reckon
it yeah I reckon it's like a broccoli it
looks similar
all get some little baby corns pop have
you made a wrong choice
today in your in your trolley selection
yeah so when I said I'm going to get a
big one I hope that really I've got
quite a selection of things in here mini
marshmallows some dog food
some eggs some frosties I haven't had
Frosty's in so long so I was like I'm
gonna get some Frosty's and I've also
got honey nut cheerios because I haven't
had those in a really long time either
and then lots of boring adult stuff like
fabric softener and capsules for washing
and all that salt all that sort of
boring stuff put some more traffic go
for it
there Poppy's having a party so she's
getting loads of really fun stuff by the
way you're all invited
she lives at you know you've been in
Waitrose a long time when you get out
and it's dark I think I think we're at
the checkout the woman was like oh hey
you have a good party how often would it
be if you weren't actually I mean I
wasn't I would tell bag of crisps don't
worry I'm not actually having a
button-up but what I am back from
shopping and now is the time I have to
oh I've got a text
Oh Lydia what did she say I'm so in love
your new video but your new video is the
best thing ever
Oh Thank You Lydia that's very sweet of
you your little cutie no I am just about
to put all this away I'm actually
watching Tanya birds log mess we pretty
much have the exact same first day of
vlogmas which is so funny me and Tanya
are very very similar I've just put mine
live while 20 minutes ago and so far
you're all absolutely loving it you
really love the intro which I'm so so
pleased about basically this year I
wanted an intro for like I need to put
you somewhere while I chat there we go
this year I really wanted an in
throw that was like super fun and just
something a bit different because most
of my intros have just been like cute
little Christmasy up-close shots of like
fairy lights and stuff and I was like
you know what like I think this year I'm
going to just pay somebody to do like
really good ones so we got a company on
board called reanimation or reanimation
reanimation three hard to say renovation
and I've got their links in the
description box their videos if any of
you want to use them for anything but
they've been so good they were like the
nicest people to work with and the intro
for this video is so much more in-depth
than you probably think like all of
those things have actually been cut out
of cardboard and it's like being filmed
it's probably got a proper name but I
don't know it because I'm not in that
field of work but like they basically
made all the sets and made everything
and kind of when you kind of see the
strings that Nala's on ER she goes down
to the chimney um and it was like a
whole set and it's just the coolest
thing ever
he actually emailed me a couple of like
behind the scenes shots which I'll put
into this video and I think they're
making like a behind the scenes of them
making it but every day I got an email
from them with an update I was so
excited to see it I just absolutely love
it I'm so obsessed with this so cute I'm
so glad you're all loving it yeah
is the task of putting away the shopping
and I hate doing this when asked he's
not here because normally we do this is
a team because because why does one of
my eyes look smaller than the other in
this light maybe it is hmm I don't know
so yeah normally we do it in it as a
team and I've got it all out and put it
into like fridge section cupboard
section freezer section etc etc or
everywhere else in the house ie toilet
rolls and bleach but I got to do that
and put it away because I'm not very
good at putting away
Alfie's like human tetris man and he
makes everything fit and put everything
in the right categories and I'm not very
good at that so I'm gonna give it my
best shot
sorry Alfie if you're watching but this
ain't gonna be as good as when you do it
also eating these which mark brought
round mark faris when he came over and
we filmed he brought me these because
he's just the nicest guy ever and
obviously knows me all too well
salted caramel and chocolate cookies so
I'm also munching these whilst putting
away the shopping whilst watching
Tonya's first day of vlogmas it's gonna
be so hard because I feel like this year
everyone is doing vlogmas and there are
so many amazing ones that I really want
to watch umm and so do people put their
live at five as well as it gets to five
and I'm like but I have so many I want
to watch and obviously I watch Anna and
Johnston's videos everyday and I just
don't really have time right now because
I'm uploading two videos a day I'm
trying to like be Christmassy and have
fun which is obviously the whole point
of the run-up to Christmas is to do all
these really fun things and just bloody
love them I feel bad for all of you that
have a list as long as your arm of
vlogmas that you want to watch like
there's no pressure to watch mine first
but watch mine first okay I'm joking
yeah I'm not I am though I actually am
joking I'd love to know who your
favorite people to watch vlogmas that
doesn't make sense
that's not sentence I'd love to know who
your favorite people to watch during
vlogmas are so for those of you who like
to see what people buy when they go
good shopping and I am one of these
people so I'm not here to judge I just
thought I would give you a hugely quick
rundown before I try and Tetris this in
the fridge of the stuff I picked up
today so in the grown-up boring stuff
we've got some very platinum all-in-one
some fairy non-bio for washing I'm the
big fan of fairy it seems vanish gold
perfect shine bleach I think this has
got mint in it which excites me comfort
creations okay so I actually was a bit
excited about these not going to lie so
these are fabric softeners or fabric
conditioners and I've never come across
these scents before blended by perfume
experts I've gone for Bluebell and
bergamot and mistletoe and crocus and
they both smell amazing so I'll be
really happy if my clothes smell like
this but also don't you just find that
when you have a really lovely fabric
conditioner or fabric softener
once you've washed your clothes and
you've got them out to dry your whole
house smells of it so it has to be a
nice smell that's my take on it anyway
I also picked this up for Amanda just to
see if buzz likes it it's louise kitchen
which is the same as the advent calendar
ah oh yeah these looked cool I saw these
in that little tiny like pizzas but they
look pretty cute so I just picked those
up to keep in the freezer and then some
little calzones honey Cheerios and
Frosty's some professional rolls because
look how amazing these look these are
going to be hard to get in the fridge
I'm not cheap and this looks delicious
cherry tomato basil and mozzarella
flatbread carrots which always remind me
of the currents in Matilda that go
flying through the air at her brother
some Cathedral City cheese some bacon
mashed potato or two of those Greek
yogurt full fat yummy yummy
hummus spinach ham
tender stem broccoli these which look
nice chicken onkruid cheese and bacon
sauce
and some celery bananas mango tomato
mascarpone sauce whoa it's just opened
some really sweet tea flavored peppers I
love sweet peppers olives a little bag
of sweets and more sweet peppers
I bought some just raw shortcrust pastry
which fYI if you really want to make
mint spice but you don't have a lot of
time and you're not very good at making
pastry just buy this it it will
literally take you like ten minutes
probably less than that because you roll
it out you cut it you put it in
easy-peasy but next to it
they had this which is just roll bake it
fresh six cinnamon swirls so I think you
lips you just cut them put them on a
tray and whack them in the oven so I
thought that would be quite cool quite a
nice thing to do from feeling peckish or
got people coming over got a little
chicken leek and ham and thyme pie oh I
got these these just look delicious
Dairy Milk snowy delight pots of joy who
doesn't want those Tomatoes oh my god I
want to eat some of those now some
little baby corns I got this yogurt
which is toffee I just really like
toffee yogurts
some cream for hot chocolates a salted
caramel dessert some Rolo yogurt
I love roller yogurts so much and
whenever I've got them I just I'm so
excited to eat them
so I was like oh I don't have those in a
while it's got some of those also got
chocolate orange pot and a sticky toffee
pudding pop some tomato ketchup some
Daryl a sir croquet potatoes some jams
milk some juice we've got apple juice
press upwards elderflower and apple
juice with ginger bread mini white
marshmallows I did actually buy some of
these yesterday from the garden center
but Alfie took in to Singapore with him
so I bought some more and that's for hot
chocolates a couple of little like
breakfast
breakfast what are they called breakfast
bar things some Heinz beans with pork
sausages because they are delicious some
spices because at this time of year I
just feel like everything has all of
these in them so I've got some more cuts
running out some rolls because I really
really want to do another halloumi and
sweet pepper burger with spinach and
hummus because they are delicious might
do that for dinner tonight actually food
doctor multi seed cereal Pitters they
are amazing firm baguettes some Dettol
whites I was saying to poppy how these
are my favorite thing ever that Apple
scented ones love just some snacky bits
for when people come round these oh my
goodness these are the most delicious
thing you will ever ever eat
I bought boxes these the other day when
I was with Gabi we were filming a video
just because I think I remember these
they've been around for a while but I
just hadn't seen them in so long and I
bought a box of them and they were
literally gone within like an hour we
were all start eating them with poplin
Sean and then I I just they're amazing
they are the most intense flavored salt
and vinegar crisps I've ever had in my
life but they're so good if you like
salt vinegar crisps try those really
really good I got a white flute which is
just a baguette really
some black bin liners so I've got
actually got these to put on top of hot
chocolates and some chocolate chip
cookies for baking and that is pretty
much my food shop to be fair okay let's
put it away now so buzz and Amanda are
here now we're just playing a few more
ball balls on the tree making it look
all nice and watching some Christmas
food programs and having a good old
chinwag
a little bit later on now and we've
completely done the whole of the sitting
room so there's no boxes anymore we've
basically made it amazing humming away
yeah so here is the mantelpiece
we've got fake with real which i think
is quite a good idea because then you
don't need much and then it means that
when they die you can take out the
pieces that you that have died and fill
it back in with new pieces so there we
go there's the mantelpiece got little
bits of Holly on there Ant and Dec have
joined us just just for this part of the
evening tree is completely done
we've put lots of little ones in there
now and yeah I think it looks much much
better I love it I really like these
little ones because you can put them in
on slightly shorter ones and I love
these these are from next as are a lot
of ball balls that I have there we go
those ones and yet this is a ball ball
that Amanda brought me goes very well
with her theme we've got some holly up
there and this ball ball my mum got me
this cool at hanging decoration ball
ball and there we go this is what the
room looks like now all tidy and these
are my little advent calendars my beauty
ones I need to open them I saved three
basically if any of you read my blog
post I had a lot of Beauty advent
calendars I've kind of given them out to
people or just fully open them all and
these were the three that I really
really liked so this is the Liberty one
this is the look fantastic one and this
sit no this is look fantastic this is
you beauty so this is these are the
three that I'm actually gonna open daily
if I remember because there are so many
epic kindness
but yeah feeling feeling very festive
now I love that it just looks so pretty
why am I getting so sporty Oh No manda
has gone home now and I am just chillin
with Nala who was sat on my lap but
because I was typing off a blog post I
kept moving and she got really annoyed
and in a massive huff went inside over
there which finale' Weiss Puccini so
loud is really unlike her because she
has to sit on you or touching you
so I really really annoyed her anyway
the blog post I just put live was let's
put it back not mince pies tart
Christmas it's lots of little tart bits
and pieces that are Christmassy that
arrived to my PA box I absolutely loved
so I wanted you guys to see it
also if you haven't noticed already
there is snow on my blog how cute is
that I absolutely love it
so for those of you that don't know
there are also lots and lots of
Christmassy blog posts going up across
this month also I've done mince pies
actually I've done quite a few look like
kind of Christmasy ones already and
there's lots more to come
I've already got in my drafts waiting to
go I just need to kind of type up a
little bit more in some of them but yeah
I'm also going to be doing some
giveaways on my blog as well I'm going
to post up kind of how the giveaways
going to work and what it's going to be
based around soon so yeah I just feel
like christmas is a time for giving and
I wanted to give you guys a video every
single day on my main channel as like a
present and I wanted to do vlogmas and I
wanted to do something cool on my blog
as well so there was kind of new content
everywhere I'm talking rubbish because
I'm so tired
alfie has been texting me from his
aeroplane like he's been texting me as
he's been flying through the sky which I
just find so weird he's like yeah I've
got a signal I'm like what but he's just
landed in Singapore he's like texting me
lots of pictures and lots of you guys
were waiting from him and Marcus at the
airport which is so so lovely I'm just
kind of chilling now I really love this
room this is probably my favorite room
in the house is the we call it the cozy
room because we technically have two
living rooms because that's more of like
the summer living room where the doors
open out and this is more of like the
chilling in the evening with a film on
it just feels more cozy and especially
now that we've got the Christmas tree
here so hmm I'm just chilling although I
am super tired it's only half past 10:00
but I'm thinking that I might have to go
to bed soon anyway I'm gonna end this
vlog here because I'm but go to bed and
I hope you've enjoyed blog mistake -
it's gonna be a really really busy month
so I've quite enjoyed having this kind
of down day to myself with Nala of
course and I will seeing you all again
tomorrow don't forget to give the video
a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and also
subscribe
mwah is that not the best thing you've
ever seen in your life it's like
Christmases vomited on you and you're
loving it
