good morning everybody
it's Sunday I'm having a chilled morning
although we had an extra hour in bed
last night I woke up at 7:00 which I
guess in my head is actually eight but
still that's not really much relied on
Sunday 7:00 a.m. um but I've been
getting a lot of life admin done and
paying bills and boring adult things
that they never teach you in school and
now I have decided to run myself a bar I
want to do a video later because I've
been so busy this week and filmed one so
I'm going to film a lush full of all the
kind of new Christmas and Halloween
themed product so that will already be
up so I leave a link to that in the
description box and I hope you enjoy it
I'm running a bar let me show you what
I've used I've used a lush product
actually I've gone for this which is the
little pumpkin I've just crumbled that
into the bath it looks nice I'm very
excited and I was speaking to Tanya and
she was saying that she really loves
these types of blogs where it's just me
chilling in the house and she said that
whenever I run a bath it always makes
her want to go and run above the town if
you're watching this now's the time to
run a bar I'm also gonna watch X Factor
in the bath because last night it was
the judges houses and I missed it
because we went to cinema so I'm going
to watch that in my bath and maybe do a
face mask and just chill for a bit
I've already got a lot of work this
morning so this is my little chill time
I would show you how funny I work for it
now I've been really like in this one
it's a active charcoal mask clear pause
and yes I am naked right now focus is
sick there we go
I haven't actually filmed anything since
my scary face mask face um but I have
been filming my lush video helped Alfie
film his video been editing and then
before I know it it's dark because
obviously the clocks have gone forward
and now it's caught in 6:00
and it's pitch-black like it was dark at
5:00 and my brain can't comprehend that
and I say this every year but the minute
it starts getting dark early my head is
like time for bed
so I'm like really struggling to like be
awake right now and we're going over to
Alfie's parents house for a Sunday
dinner which I'm really excited about
because I haven't had a roast in so long
and I and I just really want one so
we're going over there for a roast
knowledge coming she's got a harness on
she's very excited but yeah I'm very
confused and tired because I feel like
because it's dark earlier I should I
don't know it feels like it should be
8:00 p.m. but it's nice 6:00 so I need
to like wake up I think maybe eating a
roast will probably help but my video is
currently uploading I have a really bad
headache because I have not been
drinking enough water today
in fact I've had like one glass and it's
6 p.m. so that's really really bad so I
need to take a headache tablet and down
a load of water Oh dearie me Gary Deary
me I also want to wash my hair tonight
because I've got my London book signing
tomorrow and I'm getting up super early
to go into London and I just don't think
I'll have time to wash it tomorrow
morning unless I do because I haven't
waking up really early recently so maybe
I'll do that
maybe I'll get back from Alfie's parents
semi later
and just go straight to sleep I think
that's a grand idea let's turn a couple
of lights off wasted light pollution and
we're going to see bu Zed Zed which I
actually think she's starting to suss
out means the B word the buzzword and
yeah it's going to be a really lovely
evening I think we're gonna play some
games
I love evenings like this especially on
Sundays I just feel like Sunday's are
normally such like cozy like family days
so I'm really really excited really
excited I should probably leave now
otherwise I'll be late my videos got 12
minutes to go though so I'm going to
have to shut my laptop and carry on
uploading at Alfie's mum's house Alfie
however is in his office because he's
finishing off his video for today me and
avi are usually the most busy on Sundays
we still manage to have a little bit of
downtime like I had my bath earlier and
that was really nice but um it's just
when a lot of our things go live a lot
of I don't know just everything seems to
happen on Sunday so Saturday they
usually are like chill out day really
but I don't know I'm just rambling annoy
just rambling oh la la let's go iris
caddy look how delicious this ler Thank
You Amanda
yeah Merry Christmas
it does feel like Christmas yes just
breast of our Christmas dish did you
amazing I would have loved that I could
have brought my crackers
yes Oh what we doing nothing oh oh we do
it okay
thankfully game mom's call it oh is this
the doc wanna play no we're playing this
one Go Go
we're not going doc we don't bingo don't
bring good God's gonna say I've lost my
memory I'm gonna be good at this game
okay the rules of the game I'll be quick
you put down 15 cards and we look at
them then after one minute I'll take
five cards away yeah and you have to
remember which are the five car it got
taken away right then Sean win how
good's your memory
mine is verified out my short-term
memory is not so great my long-term
memories amazing so in if you ask me in
three years I might be alright I might
have the answer I'm gonna be winning by
one we took dude
white down right I got zero shut our
didn't pathetic alright you know when
your burner off that round work sorry
once again no I'm three and Oh
thank you okay times up
you got over that 12 election yeah well
my roommate hold on America
12 very good once again did you know in
this area we have a freeze emerging here
my short-term reason we're just tallying
up the scores keeping the score shall
messed up they weren't done after they
they can't add up right in last place
with 17
we have poor John
second to last is the cheating popular
do in third place cuz he was distracted
by the dogs alfihri 22nd place has to be
is Amanda yeah and in first place I'm
more yelling from super memory girl Zoe
with 29 loser loser loser my memory was
really bad until ah yay this bed again
yummy apple crumble where's Maureen
makes your tummy rumbles this morning go
go and get it so the bigotry shop knows
good awesome of mine
oh my makeup is not hanging out great
today hello everybody so this is the
kind of start of the vlog which is
probably going to be attached on to
yesterday's vlog but it's the next day
now and I am in London I am doing my
book signing in Waterstones
Piccadilly I have lipstick everywhere
looks like I've been snogging everyone I
haven't I've just been signing books let
me show you my little outfits today why
not
God I'm loving dogs outfit today
actually I think you look really snazzy
I like your jumper I'm really pleased
although no one wants to be told they
look snazzy do though you do in your age
really yeah okay well I think you cool
and snazzy what else would you call me
serious yeah you look flicked on I look
sick yeah movies little combat these
actually survived Tully's farm like this
I am most impressed is still very white
I have worked them since
oh you wipe your converse to yourself an
old collie I've been signing some books
in here there's just this mountain of
them and some more here and some more
over there and I'm halfway through the
actual signing but this is like my break
bit so I am going to insert some footage
now of the signing
you
I'm with Molly and Ellie and they are
the cutest ever
and she's video blogging today and I
said I am yes and I've seen what she's
saying hello to the floor
Oh
you
this dress which is from ASOS my trusty
Topshop boots some tights and my
necklaces which are now all tangled
together
oh well and my lipstick which is Kendall
Jenner which is just spreading across my
face yeah myself and curry I've just
tried to pack all of this stuff into the
car and as you can see uh we might have
to traveling with the roof off I'm gonna
try and put the roof on now and see what
happens I mean I think it should be okay
it's alright yeah yeah we're in he's
done it absolutely there you go
curry do you have room to sit in the car
maybe we put the flowers right behind ya
put them behind perfect if you keep the
chocolate what was it on the packing is
just behind this yeah yeah oh don't
worry too much if you oh yeah got him
okay
someone gave me a chocolate pumpkin
which I think we might eat on the way
home yeah okay let's go I must look
mental right now the Addison Lee driver
was like um what are you okay we were
like yeah we're great thanks if you just
want to help us put the boxes on the
side of the road I'm sure we'll get them
in it'll be fine
but yeah so he thinks a mental he also
just signed his car while we did it just
watched us the whole the whole time okay
let's go and in true held by ISIL over
and in true zoella forms we're listening
to Christmas music all the way home
no hurry let's go
hi everybody so today is another day
another signing this one is in Bristol
am I allowed to tell them the exciting
thing yeah so guess what
gala line under is very exciting um how
amazing it's gone to number one in which
charts overall overall overall number
one bestseller this week so I'm really
really really happy with that because
after the success of the first one I
wasn't sure if it was gonna kind of
match or be a number one and obviously
Tyler's and Felix's and Dan and Phil's
is out so there's a lot of amazing books
out at the moment but I'm so pleased so
many of you have bought it and thank you
so much and thank you for reading it and
I'm loving seeing your reviews and yeah
I'm loving hearing what you think of it
too so this is the third signing back to
your brizl near my old hometown and this
is going to be really fun so we're just
at a petrol station because these two
needed a week they have to use the men's
toilets do I let you in on a little
secret the women's is all and a man was
in there a little wild for there I just
signed my car going huh they all use
when they drive lorries though I've been
holding don't worry I'm sure the
antibacterials worked all right did you
hope it never dries I'm massively hoping
oh yeah that's a nice day did you get
your shoe me out yeah she wheeze you
have to stand away into it you know if I
take it off weird to not have a she we
though I could have let you mind I've
got a couple in the dashboard I'm joking
I don't must if I did that I would be
away from that anyway let's get to
Bristol shall we right okay
okay
I
you
Oh
think I've got about 300 left and I'm
kind of losing my voice I don't know if
you can tell but this room's cool look
at this this is the stadium well I
thought was looking into the boiler
yeah you ready guys ready let's go let's
go I say it's a bit of Troy on next yeah
shall we bit Troy let's do it ready
Sylar ready sky you ready yeah they
definitely can hello everybody it's
another vlog and I'm sorry in evening
they might have just done the longest
road trip ever
there was every possible motive just
notice the smallest window in the wall
oh look at blind customers eyes
definitely a custom line
I mean leads my book signing and I drove
here because I don't really like public
transport and I thought it wouldn't
really take that long the sat-nav did
actually say we would arrive at 550 for
the time we've actually got into the
hotel room is 1957 that's a little bit
longer as an n1 we left one on the plus
side we have listened to being almost
the entire I realize we had 56 minutes
left of the entire Tyler Oakley binge on
audio but and it is amazing like I
really like obviously I love Tyler and
I'm sure his book is amazing bit when
you actually listen to him telling it
it's so good even if you already have
the book you should
get the audio audio download because
hearing Tyler explain the stories makes
it like 10 times funnier than I could
ever read it in the door but it makes it
10 times funnier than I could ever read
it in my head with my voice if that
makes sense
morning guys I have had the worst
night's sleep
not because of this hotel just I can't
sleep it's really driving me crazy and
my voice is going which is a great start
today so I believe my friend
Bheema tree hats all over again where am
I gonna put this I'm gonna get a table
out there we go there's breakfast what
should I have
oh I didn't realize there was orange
juice in there when I was pulling it
along let's have some orange I mean I'm
not gonna lie guys I'm really drawn to
this as I was saying I just can't sleep
I think it's when I'm away but without
Alfie because I don't really do this
very much so
last night I fell asleep at about 10:30
but then I woke up at 1:00 and then I
woke up at 3:00 and then I woke up at
5:50 and I've been awake ever since
doing a bit of online shopping which is
really dangerous when you're like
sleep-deprived oops but I have my book
signing which I am so excited for it's
just I just I'm not very good at travel
I'm really not but I'm watching loads of
Anna's old videos some reason Anna's
voice like calms me if I ever feel a
little bit out of sorts I like to watch
Anna's videos because she's like a very
comforting calming person I think so
Anna if you're watching that is what you
are I'm gonna have some breakfast
someone text me and then I'm going to
carry on doing my makeup and I'm leaving
here in about an hour so I can be quite
kind of slow with it and then I'm really
excited to meet you guys in Leeds
haven't been to Leeds in so long one of
my exes used to come to uni here if you
read my blog way back in like 2009
you'll know that I used to visit Leeds
quite a lot I used to do a lot of my
kind of first bit of blogging shopping
in Leeds
I really like it here it's a really
really lovely city but I don't really
think I'm going
get much chance to actually go around it
everyone's like you need to go to the
Primark it's huge and I actually haven't
been to the Primark I don't know whether
it was here like five years ago or not
but um six years ago actually well um
but yeah Leeds is a really lovely city I
need to come back here for like a
shopping weekend or something maybe
before Christmas because it is really
cool it's really nice they're just so
blooming far away look you I'm on
FaceTime - no no hi puppy
you been a good girl you been a good
girl
hi guys so I've just finished my leads
Meetup and it was really lovely you guys
are all so sweet especially because I
was feeling so tired
yeah I felt like I was like whispering -
exactly that way you are just the nicest
bunch of you so thank you so much and we
are already on our way I'm not driving
Maddie is actually driving we're going
to take interns because the journey here
was this really long like really really
long and sign you today because I was
tired it probably was wise so being
savvy it and we're taking in terms so
this might be so costly listening to go
online on audio birthday goodbye don't
forget I'll leave a link in the
description box seriously for any of you
that do want to listen to it I think a
lot of people don't realize there is an
audiobook so if any of you travel a lot
on the way school you're already reading
something else oh you don't have time to
read all your just got a reader people
just aren't really read it then give it
a little listen I really enjoy it I
actually do love audible I'm not being
paid to say that I actually really like
it
I listen to all the different things
finish Tyler this morning really enjoyed
it as our on to get online on tour which
is read by Hannah twinkers and she has a
really great choice for it
lots of people tell me they really like
her voice that it sounds really like
British and like sweet is lovely so
that's always good please be our beard
just to feel just a barrel Chester feel
we also because I've been reciting
writing below like she keeps doing it
just keep doing it because we're doing
really a miracle this is very strips
ansari/randy project we're all second
apply for some points to some
you know what I kind of feel like I know
what you're going to say because I'm
yeah I really wasn't McDonald's baby is
Friday Friday as from Donald today
actually Friday did used to be
McDonald's daily enjoy underscore we
would gather a little happy meal more if
we go I'm sure not have health care
office maybe if I just go for something
from McDonald's that's something else
because yeah to balance out
he's our friend yeah bernard herrmann
air markham sale this is Luke heading to
the south there we go okay until this up
is my army happen and I haven't had my
turn yet
