hello everybody and welcome to vlogmas
day
I'm with mad stir always one of my faves
listen what is this
The Muppets again dammit ladies
listening to my Christmas Spotify
playlist because I've got the Muppet
songs with it she's like I love it I do
have to skip the Muppets one I just
never seen it I don't get it always on
TV a lot at the moment if you wanna yeah
what are you doing then go season of
giving season of living
let's let everyone out we've got
meetings this morning
which is very exciting so we're heading
into town and yeah that's it really
isn't it oh yes and I haven't had any
breakfast so I do need to get something
to eat I also need to buy deodorant very
quickly because I don't have any and I'm
very very like paranoid I smell like a
foot and you do that thing where you
overcompensate with perfume yeah I was
it I was like what happens if you put
perfume in your armpit I don't think you
should do I didn't do it just because I
wasn't sure but yeah I'm quite paranoid
that I smell a bit pungent cos are you
do you know what that why this is
normally I just turn this down a smidge
I mean I look oh that's not that there
we go
I do love Kermit the Frog but um it's
because I cleared out all my beauty
stuff and I had one of everything so I
was like I only need one deodorant and
then I'll buy another one when I run out
I was like well three months ago I what
if I ate deodorant waiting for me to use
now I have none and all my little
Christmas stick as a pig slowly peeling
off the camera which is really
depressing because by Christmas they'll
all be cooler than and then there'll be
no more Christmas
yeah yeah new year new star new year's
resolutions do you ever actually make a
new year's resolution you do do you
stick to them and the path I carry
around what I I don't remember
so probably not okay well I think my new
year's resolution is this is what I was
thinking the other day is to care less
about what other people think
that's good for you yeah cuz I do care
too much about one stop caring too much
stop caring too much about what other
people think but I might do a little
video on that maybe yeah that's a really
good more in-depth yeah because and also
drink more water I feel like every year
I tell myself that every year but this
year I really am gonna drink more water
because I'm so bad at it like I haven't
had anything to drink yet this morning
you know this app that likes reminds you
oh I need that okay I got to download
that when we get there hold the meeting
I need to download an app guys look it's
the fan stand if any of you have read
the end of girl online on tour you will
know about this band stand let me know
in the comments but don't give it away
to anyone on the beach in December
that's nice and back home now and we've
picked up an ang along the way it's like
laptop lover here we've got another
meeting here now so I'm trying to tie
you the house a bit and I've also made I
haven't made little wife that that I've
also put some mince pies on a trade to
put in the oven for five minutes just to
have you know make it nice and festive
meetings done and I am now here with
Scarlett she is and she has brought me a
basket of American treats because she is
living in New York at the moment but
she's come back here obviously for the
festive season and some of these things
look so cool so I wanted to show you so
what was this one uh Santa bubblegum tin
oh my god amazing okay it's fun I didn't
know how it works I think it's like a
little skittles coffee machine oh this
is so exciting
I've made Hershey's Kisses time oh nice
green on the inside and I think they'd
be really nice and cake oh yeah that's
it cakes it and these lip Peaks candy
cane peeps some pears got a Lopez and
Eminem's Christmas holiday mint look
Nala mmm this is just too exciting wait
is this a candle ah oh my goodness I did
not see this hiding in their bath and
Bodyworks
oh my god that smells so good oh my
goodness
that excites me so much thank you red
Velvets here and pink Prancer hmm this
is a very exciting basket before in like
the next nine days I will have not I
have nine days yeah I've got nine days
to eat everything in this basket and use
the candle and use all the hand
sanitizers oh and also we did get this
swell for little Nala maybe we should
put this on little hat I love that it
goes around her ear so cute and we've
also got Alf on and it's just very
festive in here isn't it mince pies
Christmas mug and we've also got Mexican
was like the arts purposes yeah yeah oh
this is what Christmasy food a little
bit of Mexican coming on the way no oh
you trying to take that off Missy there
you go no don't eat it I'm going to put
it back in the basket
mmm Alfie's here now and we've all got
our lunch we've gone for nachos Oh which
is Mexican in Brighton which I have
actually heard is really lovely from
lots of people so I'm quite excited to
try it
I've gone for quesadilla and everyone
else went for a burrito bowl so nice
very nice very nice except they didn't
write on the box which was which
strength so everyone's just kind of
guessing if they've got medium or mild
meetings are over I feel like I've been
like non-stop doing things since nine so
when I meetings I had was with SLG which
is the company I make my products with
and we went over some very exciting
things lots of new product ranges coming
next year I'm very excited to be able to
share those with you it also reminded me
that for any of you that want to get
anything from the tutti-frutti range it
will be eventually replaced by a new
collection that's generally how it works
so I'm just letting you know now if
there's something you want from the
tutti-frutti collection make sure you
get it kind of now start of the year
rush time because it will be replaced by
a new collection which is lovely and I'm
very excited about it and I'm really
excited to share it with you guys
because I feel like it might be one of
my favorites yet and that's saying
something that is really saying
something I also have two new things
coming out at the start of January
although we all know what some stores
get like they receive the packages and
they put them straight on the shelves so
I'm saying it's the start of January but
you really can never be too sure and
it's two new items and I can show you
them next week which I am gonna do but
I'd love for you to guess right now stop
what you're doing guess in the comments
what you think they might be I'll leave
it like that for now
I'm such a tease I'm such a tease very
very excited we started talking about
Christmas next year collection and
that's all looking very cool all these
things happen so far advanced I guess I
never really get to kind of chat through
those things with you and initially with
kind of new collections and new ranges
like when I first launched so Ella
Beauty it's all kind of a secret so that
it's more exciting to announce it but
now I'm kind of working on lots of
different things so I can just kind of
let you know that I'm working on new
collections for the for 2016 and I think
you're all gonna love it it's just
letting you know I'm wearing the worst
bra today I don't know where this is
from but it's awful it kind of sticks
off my boobs cuz it's a really awkward
shape so I could have flashed a nip at
someone today sorry if I did yeah when I
film past like five my makeup just looks
terrible like it hasn't lasted very well
and I'm not one of these people that
tops up my makeup through the day are
you one of those people I guess unless
you're kind of at work like in an office
or you have to work on a counter beauty
counter you probably would top up your
makeup but I don't know I've just never
been one of those people like every spot
has just surfaced throughout the day
anyway first thing I did when I finished
all me meetings and it was so lucky to
see sixes there's the bra the awful bra
that was close you could have seen a nip
it was really nice to see scarlet as
well really nice to catch up with her
and I love that she's brought in these
little snacks I'm already eating these
ones these ones are M&M holiday mint
they're so good and then I just went
over quite a few kind of working bits
and pieces with Ange and Maddie gave
them their Christmas presents and their
Christmas cards and then once they'd
left it was half past four and I was
like no I'm editing my blog yet so the
first thing I did was edit my blog and
it's just saved and its 5:28 which isn't
bad actually it was a very quick edit
but I'm really annoyed with the end
because I'm just making my thumbnail
because at the end we now if we were
like getting into like a proper talk
about anxiety and then my camera died
now if we didn't have his camera on him
and I was like oh it's just died I was
like I'll charge my camera and I will
pick this chat up before we go to bed I
slept from 7:00 until 7:00 like that's
just not normal I was obviously very
tired then I woke up tired because I
overslept but
yeah I already know what we're doing
this evening I really do finish filming
one of my videos I'm doing a home tour
video and I'm getting kind of stressed
about it because I want it to be like
this really pretty kind of arty video to
music but those videos take me so long
to edit that I'm like oh I just don't
know if I'm gonna have the time to do
that so I'm going to try my best I still
need to film my spare room with all the
kind of fairy lights on the wall and
stuff the fit in the room that I filmed
most of my videos in and then I have one
other video to film and then I just have
the video with George Velma and then I'm
done but that does include me editing
them also but yes all very exciting all
very cool
I am also watching a film called the
magic reindeer which has been on a few
times on the sky Disney Channel this
code is nice go Christmas um but I'm not
actually properly watched it looks like
you though Anala gets really into it big
hmm he's sleeping on Nala look at my two
little puppies Alfie's had a haircut it
looks really nice you tired
do you want to come and get cozy on the
sofa in the other room I'll put you
under a blanket come on then good
knowledge is like splayed out are you
both so tired oh you know cuties look
guys nyle has got a new pen it's
actually a rabbit won but it's just a
little bit smaller the other one is very
tall which makes it a little bit more
difficult to take with us
and because we're going to my dad's in
two days we needed something that we
could put her in to sleep and also just
give her a bit more space so we thought
this would be good and it also goes down
pretty flat and it doesn't take up so
much room in the car so that is
knowledge new dwelling and it's
sturdy it's like proper metal but it yes
a rabbit one which I guess wouldn't be
so good for a Labrador but for a little
black pug it works perfectly and she
already loves it and goes in and out of
it so very happy with that
that was an Amazon purchase in case any
of you are wondering just a little bit
neater over here and this which is from
my wii TP she doesn't ever go in because
I think it's just a tiny bit too small
the company were really lovely and they
sent her one but she never goes in there
because she's scared of it so we might
have to give this to Martha what do you
think knowledge do you think Martha
would like it I think Martha would like
it it's more Martha's size so Tania if
you're watching would you like this
TP because miss Nala bear is just a
smidgen too big and she's a bit scared
of it
so but it's just too cute to just get
rid of completely and I do think Tom
would probably quite like it or Jim
would probably quite like it actually
but yeah we might have to give that to
Martha it can be a little present from
you to Martha wouldn't that be nice this
is your little your little toy from your
woof box
she's been loving this toy you're gonna
get him if he goes in they're gonna get
him
no you just bit scared of that TP on you
she just won't go inside it
look mr. Mouse likes it come inside
Marlow oh come on yup I know huh Ready
Steady Go get it
good girl good girl okay I'm heading
upstairs because I really want to run
myself a bath I've got I'm in like that
kind of like I've got the chillies when
you feel like you need to defrost oh
look do I close pretty sure I've shown
you these inhale exhale
and I know that a lot of you like this
one which says the beautiful eyes look
for the good in others beautiful lips
speak only words of kindness and for
poise walk with the knowledge that you
are never alone I like that okay what
should we use but so many oh no this is
for Molly mcdougal thank you money we
can use one of those what's in this one
dashing Santa and keeping Santa bubble
bar I do have a keeping Center here who
might use him then what's this one
experimenter I could go for a Golden
Wonder is open him
ba-bum going in good luck so well
microwaving to a bloody bath bomb I gone
crazy out the bar look at this Christmas
get up ridiculous feeling very festive
feeling very fresh fresh and festive
here he is ladies and gents
pointlessblog and look Weez watching
Spongebob I just don't know when Joe and
Caspar arena start oh I tell you I only
have 60 minutes into it that's why I've
been sitting away 60 minutes in yeah
well then course you've missed it
yeah that's nice indistinctly I'll be
watching have 16 minutes Joe and Caspar
yeah well they're right at the beginning
when the pirate starts the story and
then that's as far as I got at Manor do
you mind doing excuse me
don't my face ah just the noise of
Spongebob is so intense isn't it you
don't put that on for a relaxing evening
dear I love that Alfie's literally in
his element with kids TV on I'm not kids
TV excite even was conceiving up into
the age of 21 I still do now when I
breakfast I put on that spongebob or oh
my gosh what a sarong not one my
favorite it's a boy and he's got a pet
like a secret little he's got a secret
little little robot I have no idea why
with pet robot cartoon robot boy oh come
up but it's cool moment boy I remember
I have no idea what that yes you do know
I do I grew up with button made I
honestly have never seen that butter in
my life if just one I've never seen that
before
I smacked by snipers look shot there
yeah we need to watch Oh hallo DX I lost
my wallet so I don't have a card to pay
for her I'm gonna have to do it then on
my door I tried oh I'm so excited to see
snervous yeah I'm movies I did the
premiere look like a laugh
I really miss Tyler I want him to come
here and stay here for like two weeks
where they don't have a TV program
goggle boy no robot boy on iTunes pick
up my slippers well they're quite small
don't they
yeah it's great can you even feel my
foot in there not from the top honestly
guard or a message Troy couple of days
ago being like Troy you're killing life
congratulations I know with me I wanna
cuddle you he actually is everyone's
doing so well I'm so proud of all our
friends I really am I'm like a huge huge
supporter of youtubers doing other
things that they're passionate about and
having fun with it and being successful
like I just think it's so cool really
cool very happy with everybody so just
in case any of you are wondering which
water app I downloaded I kind of I got a
couple because I wanted to see which
ones were really good and which ones
were kind of okay so I downloaded a
couple of free ones but the one that I
am going with was 79 pence which I don't
think is much to pay for a nice little
reminder to stay hydrated and it's
called my water so so far were you drunk
46% and it's 10 so that's really bad
I've basically gone through and added
all the drinks that I've had today so
you can go out drink you can then press
water and then you can select I mean
it's hard to know how much is in kind of
a glass but I reckon it's kind of worth
if you have the same glasses in your
house it's kind of worth measuring it
out and seeing how much it is just
because keep updated but I've basically
filled mine to what I think and I'm only
at 46% and obviously the water level is
your water level I think you can also
see your stats oh look at that okay so
it will tell you on each day how you did
I mean I don't know how long I'm going
to be filling this in for because it's
just another one of those things I'm
going to forget to fill in it also
reminds you every two hours from 7 a.m.
to 11 which is kind of the times I'm
mostly a weight so yeah I think this
looks good I'll let you know but
hopefully it will remind me to drink
more water I think sitting here watching
films with my little pup and the
Christmas tree in the background is like
one of my favorite things I love it
Nullah hello gorgeous girl oh I just
love it I feel so cozy right now Effie
is making me some pasta I think it's
tortellini don't Delaney look at this
one just like is it bedtime now can we
go to bed now
yes we can yours would crumble proof
it's currently quarter to 2:00 I've been
asleep on the sofa for a long time
Alfie's been working downstairs and I've
just had a little sofa nap and but I
just wanted to end the vlog I didn't
want to leave it again so um thank you
so much for watching today's video I
hope you enjoyed it she's like here's
fine okay so I gonna see you tomorrow
goodnight oh yeah gonna say goodnight
well what Charles was pulling down that
say goodnight say goodnight oh my gosh
hi
you
