oh well hi there and welcome to vlogmas
day 15 what got texture my brother
to text from my brother I'm having a
very busy morning I've been editing and
then I decided to run myself a bath
because I feel like I haven't had a
chill-out fast in a really long time
plus I needed to wash out all the crap
that was still in my hair yeah even
though I've washed it twice I feel like
I can still smell cream so I've washed
it again um and I had a shoot I think it
was called shoot for the stars bath bomb
and it was so so lovely I'll insert some
little clips here um and yeah it was
just nice little chill out did a face
mask did a hair mask so I feel very
fresh right now um I do however need to
upload my video before I head out myself
poppy and Amanda have all got massages
booked this afternoon which I'm really
excited about
you're not allowed one cos you're you're
not coming it's girls only sorry oh um
and I'm really excited about that
because uh in my November favorites
I was saying how much I've screwed my
back up basically signing all my signing
all my tippin's and then doing my book
signings on top of that it's really
screwed up my back and now I feel like
I'm hunched over editing at least kind
of four or five hours a day so it's not
the best my back is not the best so
hopefully I can get that sorted out
today or at least kind of moved around a
bit made a little bit Leifer what are
you doing is this how you're spending
your day was such a bad babbling muscles
now
oh no well maybe you should come you
need to give me one now no that's not
how I work
who are you gonna go on nope I need one
yeah you'd do that for no one No um oh
let's do your calendar shall we yes you
can come on
this coat does not go with this top I
don't feel like maybe it does it's more
of an autumn coat I don't know if it's
cold outside or not because I haven't
been out out yet can I hide a present
and we do it now
also forgot to mention that this morning
Nala did a poo outside as she does every
morning then decided that the best place
to do it was right in front of the door
and then decided to walk through it
before she came back into the house so I
did spend a good portion of my morning
wiping dog poo off my kitchen floor and
then having to give Nana a bath because
she had poo in all her little cute poor
pants and that is the life of a dog
owner some days you think your dog is
the cutest little thing on the earth and
other days you're just like really
really um speaking of Nala we are taking
her to the vets a little bit later
because she has what's called puppy acne
I didn't know this was a thing
apparently it is because Oh camera
apparently is because buzz had it awhile
back and basically it's treated with a
dose of antibiotics so apparently it's
not as turn to have puppy acne and she's
got it all on her chin I don't think
it's aw it's not like it's bothering her
um but I know that it's not going to go
away without something so we're gonna
have to take her there later on also
think we might have to do the old anal
glands because as you seen in the last
couple of logs Nala is having a few
issues there so it would be quite nice
to have that sorted out wouldn't it yeah
owning dogs are so much fun j15 company
we've done now I know I'm really sad
it's over halfway done why I don't know
even yesterday I know because then it's
gonna be over where you gotta be hitting
this yeah where you can watch films
cartoons and episodes to check right
behind this for the present I left you
what do you think it might be they're
not busy on is that way which television
there is it well you're going this way
that's because I feel like it's gonna be
this one it is behind the television
yeah reach it what is that what is that
she's so tired today you're tired today
too aren't you
you look tired like to the sleep inside
this is cold I've forgotten what is that
my mother oh yeah no lego bricks
haha that's sick giving you all these
things to be doing in your vlogs thank
you
it's okay I'm gonna go back to the not
believe we've actually done it on the
day oh come on the best ones
give me shot I don't know I don't know
if it is or not I'm very tired today but
I need to go now because I'm going to
you're right Oh massage I don't know if
I really find massage is relaxing they
kind of make my anxiety a bit high so
it's not like I can never really be
excited for a massage any one day I will
that's my goal my goal is to be excited
for massages I know I feel better
afterwards but um my anxiety is don't go
in it's like one of those situations
where my anxiety is quite high so fight
cold then why I'm going on somewhere to
be high okay so my anxiety is normally
based around situations where I feel as
though I can't leave because I worry too
much about appearing rude or people
thinking badly of me in those kinds of
situations so if I'm gonna hairdressers
I'm getting my hair done and I can't
leave because I'm having my hair done so
the hairdresser will think I'm I don't
know that's basically what it's about
kind of in a very short sentence it's
obviously a lot more complex and a lot
more detailed than that but if I've got
if I'm half naked on a massage table I
feel as though it's making me feel
anxious like thinking about it I
probably shouldn't be doing this before
I go but from half-naked
such table and I start to feel anxious I
feel as though I can't be rude and say
sorry I I don't want to do this now I
need to go by
otally most people don't care about
those things but somewhere along the way
that's what's been planted in my mind
which I'm doing a very good job at
trying to get rid of so yes I need to
leave like now so I will see you at
Amanda's
raining we're a little bit late oh don't
go mom I've just washed my hair
oh I did it because I knew that coral in
it and crow I'm gonna have to say no oil
head massage I always say no to oil yeah
oh my god it's been renamed anyway
massages going great it's a great burger
Kamil rocking chair so we just finished
our first push it
why whispering because we're in the
relaxation room right now Jack's
my bed I wish I could have every single
day well I found that my met hear crunch
yes I'm basically asked her to do it
quite hard like I kind of says this what
I'm gonna be like super relaxing my
mother man massage style so she was
going in I said where you think it needs
more so she was like properly going in
and and it was like oh my god like pain
and would she go into like yeah it was
like yes yeah it was so good I look
weird in this light like this just makes
your skin look really good oh god my she
was like happy oh yeah oh oh no I'm I'm
so good why it's all good Oh a little
bit oh yeah I haven't just washed white
no she don't
Oh she'll probably tell you like in my
back and I like it well faux composite
it's always that thing though it's kind
of awkward where they're like let me
know if it's too hard
does anyone actually let someone know if
it's too hard because I've had a mass
lunch before where I was kind of in pain
yes I know don't do I thought God like
always wanted harder but like I know I
couldn't I just felt like it had gone
too far like she's been doing it too
long for me to say
oh isn't it up but you are Holger yeah
so I'm one of those are those really
annoyed British people it just never
says oh look I've got right old frizzy
hair it's like we're on our way back to
the car I just wanted to show you how
cute the lanes little litter look it's
so Christmassy
okay now let's go out of the rain
hey puppy we have the best you know
you're excited now are we someone's
picture but you watch him in a minute
and yourself imagine oh like that right
owner agrees what guess what my mama
don't like you and she likes everyone
but she doesn't like you she prefers me
we're back from the BET and this little
one was well behaved to a point until
the vet needed to look at her nails and
her teeth and she freaked out we had to
hold her like oh yeah she doesn't really
like it when people touch her face
really annoying because we can but she
doesn't like anyone else to do it but
yeah her chins fine she's been put on a
dose antibiotics and we've been given
some sort of like chin wash little chain
scrubber just to kind of do every two
weeks to keep it clean
and she had a bum squeezed which I'm
sure she did not enjoy who would love
that you would enjoy that think up a
bomb hole oh they did that only wanna
anger Mel so bad but the one movies are
art as a normal amount I was like but
he's got out of that the only awkward
thing is is that we obviously hold Nala
while she does it but I really cannot
bear the smell and then this tiny little
room is all of a sudden hot-boxed with
the smell and the moment I get like a
spray out no to make it smell good
anyway there won't be any more of that
happening from Little Miss fishy bottom
which I'm very pleased about um and yeah
all all good
why should I say all so many times then
yeah all all all good
I really am craving a Domino's don't say
that I would smash a Domino's right now
although I'm not allowed tomato I think
you can have a bit
it's probably oh look at that
young Liam battery charge Oh Joe
Zoe is the weimar poking in the head
you're worse at talking about Trey I
very quickly talked about my anxiety
earlier I was like in a rush to leave
the house but I actually was okay
through my massage I did feel quite
anxious to start with but I think by the
end of it I'd like fully fully relaxed
but yeah I'm just curious if anyone else
has anxiety within that same kind of
area I suppose I'm obviously doing
something like to sort it out and I've
got my therapist every week that I speak
to I think it's important for you to
speak out about it I know some people
get annoyed because they don't
understand their hmm but people only
ever get annoyed by anxiety because it's
a lack and this isn't me insulting you
it's a lack of understanding yeah
definitely
what do you mean you can't enjoy a
massage and I can understand why
somebody wouldn't understand that like
and also when people say how can you um
walk down the red carpet but you can't
have a massage yeah and that's where
different anxieties in different people
come into play like it's very rare that
someone will have the exact same anxiety
as you but it will never be the same
because it's built up from learning
different behaviors as Chuck as a child
or maybe something's happened to you in
your life that's that's kind of built
around that there's so many different
factors to it one of my friends can't
even get in a lift without being so
scared that it's gonna like break down
or get trapped yeah you can get in it
yeah and then you might find in turn
Ang's I having a meal out very difficult
very difficult whereas that friend of
mine can literally have a meal out no
problem yeah it's just one of those
things that I really do feel like unless
you have it it's very hard to understand
and I've kind of just kind of what's the
word I've kind of learned that I suppose
and there are people that want to learn
about it and there are people that don't
want to learn about it and that's okay
but one of the things I did want to just
add was that I'm obviously working
towards
not having anxiety I don't ever want to
just deal with it a lot of people say to
me how do you deal with your anxiety and
I'm not really dealing with it I'm
sorting it and I feel like there is a
slight difference there I feel like
there is in my mind anyway I feel like
dealing with is kind of just getting
used to it and living your life around
it and that's not what I want to do I
actually just want to live my life
without it and I know that's going to be
hard and I've been working on it for a
really long time
because I don't want anxiety to be a
part of my awesome everything easier
everybody has a normal level I get
anxious when I do things that make me
anxious but it's just yours is enhance
you get more anxious more yeah no reason
it's impossible for someone to never
have anxiety because it's a normal
reaction
it's just that mine is stopping me from
doing me just triggers more easily the
other people can do and that's kind of
hindered just like how now somebody
could be like - one of these guys
watching go and stand in Wembley Arena
and talk with microphone to 20,000
people and you would poo your pants
whereas I've done that when I did it for
boobs Awards you accept an award and
that was fine for me I wasn't anxious
somebody might be anxious about doing
that sometimes but there's a very good
way of explaining it because meetups can
make me anxious but it's not because I'm
meeting so many people it's if I've got
time - is if I've got time for my
anxious thoughts to kind of happen I
suppose so if it's a meter like I would
find that I found the cut cake meet up
slightly more difficult than a meet-up a
book signing because a book signing is
very fast-paced I don't have a lot of
time to stop and think and it happens
very quickly and meeting lots of people
whereas being with 20 people for two
hours is a lot harder for me it's really
hard to explain I feel like there's
probably a lot of you watching this
they're like I totally get it which
obviously is very reassuring but I just
wanted you guys to know that if you're
suffering with anxiety please do
something about it don't just let it be
a part of your life and work around
early do something about it and as I
tea is not it's not who you are and
that's what I wanted to say anxiety is
not who I am it's just a tiny fraction
of a behavior that I have developed over
an amount of time and it doesn't mean it
won't go away I'd know if it's a wig
paint somebody who's anxious going
but why feeling anxious would mean like
if they're in if they're feeling anxious
don't say to them but what do you mean
wife analysis this is fine because it's
fine for you but it's not fine for them
yeah my therapist always says everyone
has their stuff which I a hundred 100 10
percent agree with I might get anxious
that in a restaurant but there could be
a lady set next to me who is really
scared of when a knife scrapes a plate
and that guy's yeah I mean do you know I
mean like everyone has a blackboard then
the waitress could be having a really
awful day like everyone has the things
that they struggle with the things that
they're dealing with and um yeah I guess
it's just turned into like a anxiety
chinwag but um I think what I was trying
to say was anxiety is not who you are
it's just a fraction of your life and
you can change it and it could take a
really long time like it's taking me
years years and years and years but
that's because I've built up the way my
mind works
over 10 years well I'm not going to go
away five years well yeah his longer is
kind of obviously the seed was planted a
lot earlier on but my mind is used to
one way of it working I suppose it's not
a very good way of freezing it after
retreating every I have to undo
everything I've done in the last 15
years I have to undo everything that I
have done for the last 15 years and
sometimes I get disheartened and I get
frustrated and I cry to Alfie and I say
why did I find Joe's premiere so hard I
just wanted to enjoy it you guys see me
with a smile on my face and assume that
everything is really easy it's not I
have to work very hard
to do those things and this is not fleet
like oh no it's not oh it's not at all
my battery died no but we love
