guys Oh focus this is actually what I
look like when I wake up it's 7:30 I
don't really know the time but it's so
dark outside it's actually crazy I woke
up this morning and I was like I feel
really awake I don't want to look at the
time just in case the time is like I've
a.m. and I looked and I was like oh it's
7:00 I'm going to get up then umm but it
is really dark outside still so if we
weren't sure if it was autumn or not
before this point I think now we know in
fact I had a day yesterday me poppy and
Amanda went to Horsham sorry I didn't
vlog it by the way I am gonna just
insert a little clip but poppy filmed on
her camera and we went into HomeSense
and they had loads of like doggy
Halloween costumes and of course I got
really overexcited because not only does
it mean I could dress now that I was
like something terrifying or terrifying
Snorri terrifying um and she can get
involved in the Halloween fun and they
had this huge one which must have been
for a Great Dane I'm not even sure um or
maybe a Labrador or something a lot
bigger than Allah and it was a spider
and I was like I could wear this like I
could legit fit in this costume so I put
it on um but I'll like I'll just let you
watch the clip
that's got my cozy dressing gown on I
was so good see oh yeah Scaasi how he's
in greece with jim and marcus i don't
actually know what he's doing in greece
which is quite funny because everyone's
like oh what's i'll be doing in greece
I'm like I don't know something for
YouTube something I don't know a talk I
think I'm not sure so it's just me and
Nala bear for I don't know oh my god
girlfriend girls right there literally
don't know I just love this time of year
so much like um we were kind of having
this chat like but I love that in the UK
we experience all seasons maybe we don't
experience winter to the extent that
some other countries experience it like
we don't always get snow I kind of wish
we did I kind of wish that every winter
we got at least like four or five days
of good solid snow sometimes we do but
it's never it's never guaranteed and
that's what's annoying but I was saying
how I just don't know if I could live in
a country that's it's that it's that
where it's like summer all the time
because I just love all experiencing all
the seasons but I don't know let me know
do any of you guys live in a country
where you just have like summer all year
round do you like it
does that mean that you want to go on a
holiday somewhere that's not as hot or
does it mean you want to go on a holiday
somewhere where it's hotter or do you
not care that is my question to you this
morning at 7:30 a.m. the pie little pup
needs to be needed to be got up mmm
my pup needs to get up so that's what a
flat for to me oh my goodness is so dark
I'm loaded but deep but really awake
this morning I'm hot my Twitter I was
like morning it was like why are you
awake I think I found the perfect
formula of sleep for me you know how
people individually have like oh let's
all know I need to be in bed by certain
time if I want to feel good the next day
I think I found my certain time I think
I'm going to bed at 10:30 I wake up at 7
I just wake up at 7 I jump out of bed at
7 and I feel really good I feel very
well-rested so maybe I should do that
every night oh my god let there be light
where's my little princess this Morni
food time tomorrow we give her half in
the morning and half at a time oh look
at her she's so funny guys run around in
circles sit sit sit properly good girl
there you go oh no it's just a race to
see how quickly she can eat it even
though no one's going to take it away
from us okay
feed the boys now I think they would
want
Finnish boy look at them hi boys just a
spinach this is peach look I just love
their mouths it looks like they're under
like strobe lighting what are you doing
what climb out Percy don't chew the cage
oh you two are just so cute look at
Pippins emo fringe okay boys they're
getting impatient hang on
you look like you're trying to climb out
of jail
Nonna's come to help she's such a little
flirt if I drop any of this she'll eat
it too here you go boys they eating it
Nala don't eat guinea pig poo no that is
disgusting and not very ladylike and
you've just had your breakfast Nala no
the guinea pigs sometimes kick out look
at this I clean this like three times a
day but the guinea pigs kick out poo
sometimes with the stick because they
run around it all comes out and Nala the
little poo detective is look she's
looking for some she's like where's all
the poo you're weird
so very weird but yeah boys have got
their spinach so they're happy now let's
have her food no what is puh dessert is
it oh I need to clean your face now it's
time for me to make my breakfast but I
wanted to quickly show you this adorable
mug I bought yesterday in Horsham lots
of old steam traders maybe think and you
open the little house it's an Emma
bridgewater I love her mugs so much but
look how cute is working at mug is so
I'll just slowly spin it
happy speaking and then inside there's
lots of pumpkins so I'm going to make my
tea in that today umm Greek yogurt and
I'm gonna have that with fruit and honey
breakfast is ready if any of you are
wondering what tea I have is the
Moroccan mint infusion by Marks and
Spencers it's really really nice and I
have a lot of fruit in here I've got
strawberries raspberries and white
nectarines
I love nectarines and then a little bit
of honey on top and that is my breakfast
let me have my breakfast and now I am
listening to one Direction's new song
perfect and I've not heard it before
whenever I listen to any of their new
songs I'm always going like Louis Liam
Niall Harry I getting through listening
to like each verse like putting the
person - they're part of the song I
don't know I like it though
look at this little angel
look Nonna nonno bear look how she sits
it's so funny you look so tiny on my bed
yeah oh you're so cute
Nala yes you or she's being really cute
today I'm not dressed although I have
yet to do my makeup I just want to show
you my dress as I could jump a dress and
it's honestly the most cozy thing I own
and I love it because I throw it on I
feel like I'm making an effort but I
still feel like it's loungewear so I
really really like it um it says lazy
it's by lazy oath
um but yeah it's like one size fits all
so it's huge look at it but I really
really like it and it doesn't look like
too massive when I'm wearing it because
it like hangs really nicely but yeah I
I'm gonna go and put some makeup on now
you're gonna come and sit with me like
you normally do cool
look at this little puppy in her new
Parker so I was just going through some
of my pa box stuff and a lovely company
had sent this finale'
and there's also another one which we're
going to give to buzz it's a teeny bit
big but she absolutely loves it look at
her she's like I'm so content right now
she's been like strutting around the
kitchen in this little coat and it's
like all like fluffy inside it's so
lovely and the brand is Canada oh hang
on is it Canada dogs Canada pooch Canada
pooches got this little it's just it's a
little bit big as you can see but it's
just the cutest thing I think it's gonna
keep her so warm in winter look at you
is it making you sleepy more ah you're
so cute
and then we've got a car key one for
buzz but look how good this is is so
hard to find jackets like this like I've
looked everywhere because she does get
really cold and when it gets cold out
and this one has the little hole through
so you can put the harness on underneath
and have the lead coming out we just
need to make sure we roll this up at the
back you crazy
oh my god should we also show them your
Halloween outfits that I bought you
yesterday in home sir no TK Maxx
actually I was in there with Amanda and
poppy as I said I put the spider costume
on but they did also have some amazing
costumes for Nala which I did pick up so
I think I might put them on her cuz
she's in like a subdued mood now and
then show you because they're really
really good ok so here we have let me
get up so you can probably see here we
have Nala in her scorpion outfit do you
like it wait ready
I think it works really well because
she's a black pug oh you're slipping
you're slipping mm you're a good girl
sit wait wait he goofs like she sucks in
this word she's like mm look at the
little little hat the hood you're a
banana split
oh we're slipping off look at this you
look delicious Nala come on let's do a
little parade oh look at you which do
you think she should be for Halloween
guys do you think she should be a banana
split all the scorpion which do you like
more she's like I don't know what you're
on about I'm off out now so I'm
currently um as you can here listening
to some Christmas tunes which I'm
enjoying very much so
I'm also writing up a blog post at the
moment it's called autumn essentials I
will leave a link to it in the
description box because I'm going to put
it up tonight so it was yesterday for
you guys but look how like crazy this is
like when you're trying to write a blog
post you have to like well I'm doing it
all in like the text format type thing I
used to actually be really quite good at
HTML when I was younger when I had to
get my myspace page like really cool and
I had to like put in like templates and
like change templates I used to be
really good at HTML but now I don't know
what I'm doing um so when I look at code
like that my brain just goes oh um so I
don't know where that information is
gone
it was once there and now it's just it's
not there anymore it's not being
retained and I've got this little one
down here
scratching at me to come and sit on my
lap you're really sleepy today aren't
you
this is what I get all day hey can I
come up please all right
happy Christmas you're our side braid
got it so much later in the day now um
I've been taking some blog pictures have
a meeting at 2:00 I forgotten I
forgotten the day I also just found a
little house tour video which hopefully
you would have already seen by now um
but yeah I think we're gonna go back and
see buzz she just stopped in her tracks
and turned her up I did a little boring
or Bing
um we're gonna go and see buzz good
reversi buzz I'm poppy and sure yeah
so I'm going to go now my makeup is all
gone for well take my laptop edit the
video I just filmed um what else oh I
need my little memory stick thing where
is it but this is a great angle oh there
it is I got it
I've got it memory stick reader memory
card reader rebus um is that everything
is that everything Oh harness I need to
turn the radiators down earlier on I was
so hot in this house not hot cold I was
so cold in this house I went round the
whole house and turned to a radiator
sucks I was like oh my god I was
wrapping myself up in Gabby's blankie
actually which is the softest thing I've
ever felt it and it's huge so it
completely like wraps you up it's
amazing um and now that I'm not cold
it's like a sauna in this house so
having to turn all the radiators off a
night excuse me what are you barking at
what's wrong I don't know why she's
barking she to go outside I think you
need to go outside quickly then be free
poo so dark it's like half 6:00 and it's
dark already no don't come back in this
is a nightmare this is why you have to
stand outside of that she just won't go
so blue out here oh my goodness she
freaks me out when she does this she
comes outside and shoot box nothing and
I'm like what are you up
I think she's just annoyed because she
needs paper fishy fishy look are all
ready to go
oops you ready you ready to go so I'm
now at Nick and Amanda's we got Sean we
got papi and we got Nick and the dog you
were barking hey cheap on the high pitch
whistling on the advert but having a bit
of a mare
oh we're hungry
we ordered food at what times home seven
yeah we order food at half seven it's
now quarter to ten we ordered it on
delivery which I mean it's a bit
hit-and-miss sometimes I have to say but
it's never be that's bad looks like
doing graffiti really let me finish for
me and Sean ordered from ZZ getting a
little cheeky pizza pasta dish papi
ordered from Moshi moment I said Mishima
is a bit of sushi and it's all just been
a bit weird like it didn't arrive so we
called them to be like hey I fear didn't
arise and lady was really loving she
said don't worry it's free of charge and
it should be there literally within five
minutes and then 15 minutes later we get
a call from someone else at delivery
saying you might want to reorder because
your delivery is not coming and we were
like what we've waited like an hour and
a half for a pizza and I said it was a
man
yeah another 45 minutes to reorder we
were just like I mean no but we already
had a refunded meal there was no more
they could do so now Poppy's was
expected to be here 15 minutes ago
my stomach's eating itself now is yours
I am like look Shaun's lost so much
weight from naughty wrong
he's nearly disappeared he's like on
thumb Shaun thumb we'd all arranged to
meet his evening and have a lovely meal
together and now I've gotta get up well
I need to be home in about 45 minutes
and actually what time did you speak to
them when they basically they said we'll
get it to you in 30 minutes and that was
about 30 minutes ago so we're now
expecting two deliveries one was
supposed to be here 15 minutes ago what
was supposed to be here like two and a
half hours ago but 13 like now pretty
much she assured us on the phone papi
spoke to the manager she assured us on
the phone it would be here within half
an hour it's been half an hour I'm
scared I'm scared that this is not
another car I'm scared both aren't going
to class directors
so I mean I'm not normally one to
complain but I'm hungry oh wow a whale
Marla's been very naughty seasoning oh
yeah yeah yeah
where's all your going she's sitting
with popping liquor her he's well she's
like king she doesn't want to be near me
cuz I've told her off and said stop
whose is it whose is it the seven at the
doll is it popular or is it mine is
Shaun is your bet it's mine cuz there's
so much more
your did all of your demise just me yeah
but you're I mean you're still late 20
minutes late who's it gonna be to turn
the beat the bloody sushi
pops ready to eat me and sure no it's a
bit more of a waiting game
Oh goddamn I've got a I'm your little
icon so we're now on the road we're
going to pick up and I'll focus Oh No
there we go that's better so we're on
the road we're going to pick that we're
not very happy are we I'm coming of
course it's got a fever
very angry so on our way to pizza face
it's wake up pop Renault head another
order the previous one failed to get
delivered twice
so now we're just going to go army
hopefully hopefully something family
when we get nice by the time that we get
we get their delivery basically didn't
call up ZZ and say hey can you make the
order again so poppy comes easy and was
like just to make sure that our order is
with you and they were like no and we
did we allocated I think about what I
wanted peace of five hundred which is
just down there but they've stopped
serving which is I think the world
doesn't want us to have her Sean the
world of letters have bitsa oh dear
I don't know how to turn it off yes a
lot of food
Oh drop me to help you there thanks Sean
it's gone keep my lap off I'm so happy
oh my god and we've got a smell this all
the way home now I know Oh reality okay
yes piece of bass always rely on pizza
face guys in there are the ones in hope
they're really happy yeah they're lovely
awesome right let's go honey I'm so
hungry look up us right now
and then I got a little Nala bat down
here
