good evening everybody I hope you've had
a lovely Friday
I've not loaded on my second channel in
a while so I thought I would do because
I really enjoy watching these types of
videos Oh
keep swinging me anyway as I was saying
I really enjoy watching these types of
videos and I just think it's a nice
little video to have on my second
channel I think a lot of you might enjoy
it if you don't there's a video coming
tomorrow so you can watch that instead
but I just thought I would do a little
kind of autumn slash Halloween house
tour because I've got a lot of things in
my house that make me feel really happy
and cozy and I want you guys to feel the
same watching this video so I'm gonna
start in the cosy room so as you come in
this is pretty much the only thing I
have going on in this room because I
want to do like a Halloween night with
Alfie Shaun and poppy where we're going
to watch Halloween films kind of similar
to what I did last year with Tom Naomi
and Marcus so this room is kind of it
doesn't have a lot going on right now
but hopefully I'll get some more kind of
Halloweeny decorations because right now
it's all kind of autumn with a touch of
Halloween so we've got a big old pumpkin
non carved I do want to carve this bad
boy though good little spider oops
caramel pumpkin swirl candle we've got
some thick succulents cuz I can't kill
those marshmallow fireside I basically
just went through and lit all the
candles before filming this video so
once I'm finished I will probably blow
them up because it's going to be sent
overload I also have these really lovely
copper wire fairy lights which are
battery run but I've just found that
they're really easy to kind of twist
around things that I like perfect for
mantelpieces and stuff and I've got
kitchen spice which I haven't lit a
plain pillar candle which has melted
everywhere and into this one so I'm
going to have to get a scraper out and
scrape all this off and then because I
watched Anna's Yankee Candle haul video
it made me want to go on the Yankee
Candle website so I ordered this candy
corn candle and I also got
um candle holder which is Halloweeny
and it has a little dangly spider which
I really like is there anything else in
here um oh I've got this wreath this is
my autumn wreath I really wanted to put
it on the outside of the house like on
the front door but I kind of feel like
people will then really realize it's our
house and also I just worry that the
weather won't be kind to it and it's
really beautiful I got this in-home
sense it's just very harvesty and very
pretty so yes I love that I think it's
really cute and it's massive like a flea
laughs when he walked through this door
he's like geez it's quite a small
doorway but this kind of sticks out of
it but this was the only door I could
put it where people would see it and
it's not I don't know it's not too in
the way because the wall comes out a
little bit over on the table so on our
coffee table I've just got a little dish
this was from HomeSense got just like a
spider's web and then it's got a spider
on it and then I've just got a few
little chocolate treats which I bought
for my video with Gabby some little
pumpkin candles I haven't lit these ones
these are amazing they're Cadbury's like
toffee cakes that's so good
um Ella what you doing
thankfully now I can't quite reach this
bowl but she's giving it a good try
aren't you yeah um little Smarties
pumpkin Milky Bar ghost and then these
which are my absolute fave I wore two
types I've got some from Tesco and stuff
from Waitrose they're just like little
pumpkin sweets and don't really want to
focus look at her she's like ask me some
of those so that's kind of like for
evens evening snacking and then the only
other thing I've got in here really is
this kind of autumnal throw this was
also from HomeSense
basically guys a lot of what I'm going
to show you is from home sense because
home scents have some really incredible
things
right now and I just find that they're a
very seasonal shop so it works well so
we come back out here then we're back in
the kitchen here's my little heart
chalkboard which I drew a little pumpkin
on just you know in case you weren't
aware it was that time of year this is
my kind of kitchen window so we've got
bath and Bodyworks sweet cinnamon
pumpkin
we've got pumpkin fairy lights that just
kind of go all the way along some more
little spiders these spiders were from
Waitrose I think candlestick with some
candles in it which were purple but the
wax burnt out kind of purple and black
made a massive mess on my windowsill so
that's another one I'm going to have to
scrape off they were quite cool though
they are from Urban Outfitters and then
we've got a little pumpkin two little
munchkins and a squash just to make it
look color Eemian or to me pumpkin pecan
waffles from Bath and Body Works which
although is a very small candle has a
massive kick like the whole route I've
been betting this for about five minutes
in the whole room already smells a bit
we've got this candle holder or Lantern
and that's from HomeSense and it's just
got a plain pillar candle inside got my
cup of ours and some flowers which we're
very beautiful but they're kind of
fading quite quickly
sadface also you may have noticed I have
these really cute little skeleton
biscuit
I bought these from John Lewis yesterday
I'm just going to save them for like if
we have people round or something but
that is my window and as you can see
I've got some fairy lights outside but
yeah okay moving on over to the table
there's not too much going on here
because we need space to do things but I
bought this kind of candle research baby
wreaths whatever you want to do with it
from home scents and then I just added
some spiders to give it a bit of a
spooky touch and this candle was from
Waitrose and again the tiny little
pumpkin candle
well from Waitrose which I'm a bit
scared of gonna leak a wax so I might
have to blow those out also I've got a
little dish you might notice that I have
a lot of snacks just like dotted around
my house I'm such a like snacker myself
but also whenever I have people around
like for meetings or I don't know I'm
just feeling very generous I like to
leave out little things for people to
munch on which a lot of people hate me
for because they're like no I'm trying
to eat healthy and I'm like it's only
there of you on it
um but these I just thought was so so
cute their little owl okay I just burnt
myself on a condom little munchkins
look um so they're like different types
of chocolate and they were from John
Lewis yesterday I'm sure they won't last
very long then you come into the kind of
I don't really know what we call this
because I call that the cozy room which
is where we kind of chill and watch TV
and I guess this is more of like the
place we chilled in summer but this is
our fireplace in here so this is what it
looks like we've got metal a and a metal
Zed and they are from all over bonus
I've got some copper ball fairy lights
along here which I can't remember where
they were from the bunting is from a
shop online I can't remember what it was
caught it was like party something but
it's really cool it's just a little bit
more I don't know understated a bit more
chic but I like it
and then we've got these which are just
amazing these are from home scents and
they're basically like scary house
lanterns I guess you could use them for
Christmas too so that's why I like them
but the mini one is just so cute now
that's probably hot and these were from
home scents again if you didn't like
having actual pumpkins I feel like this
is kind of a more chic way of being like
hey I like autumn too
I like
I mean but yeah I really like those that
lanterns been there for a while that's
probably from home sense too to be
honest and then just some plants really
but that's my that's my little fireplace
in the other room which I very much
appreciate I like it should we show them
upstairs so upstairs there isn't much oh
I forgot to show you this huh
that's not very subtle is it how did I
forget so this just says happy Halloween
and then I've got some of these hanging
things this was mostly just for mine and
Gaby's video for the background but I
kind of wanted to leave it up these are
from the same party shop and this is
Waitrose and spiders Waitrose and then
this is another wreath that I just
thought was very autumn a and that is
also from HomeSense
as I was saying going upstairs I don't
have much but as I've said before I
really like to film in the spare room
and that's the room I kind of decorate
when it's different times of the year so
in the spare room where I like to film I
have made it quite autumnal I just think
it's really lovely I think it looks so
nice I got a spin around this is the
bedroom if that's not a shot of autumn I
don't know what is okay so let's start
this side a lot of you always want to
know where this tree is from this tree
is from next last year but I do believe
they've got it in this year as well so
that's good got a cute little silver
pumpkin you can put things in that's
from home sets and this is my wild fox I
mask which says hibernating which i
think is perfect for this time of year
also then we come onto the bed just look
so cozy I want to get in it these bed
sheets are the most adorable thing I've
ever seen these are actually from Asda
and you can see they've got like a
little deer little rabbit some curled up
foxes
and yeah I just I really like it little
squirrel just think it's really cute and
this was something ridiculous like 14
pounds for a king-sized duvet set which
was so good
then this pillow is from Asda this one's
Asda that one's Asda that one's next and
this one is next as well and it's got
like rose gold um is it called Chevron's
think so or zigzags and then this throw
which I think doesn't really go but
nevermind this is from home sense
because home sense is the land of all
things
seasonal / festive basically anything
you need is there oops and then last but
not least a little leaves candle just to
make the room smell an absolute dream
this says a and z Alfie and Zoe
I think Alfie got these as a present
from his parents for his 21st birthday
which is nice um but yeah I just feel
very cozy in here so sometimes I like to
come in here to read actually it's like
my little reading nook slash filming
corner slash when people come to stay
this is the bed they stay in they
probably walk in here like oh my god
have I walked through the Wardrobe of
Narnia and turned up in autumn autumns
ville so that is my little autumn slash
Halloween house tour I'll update you
when I make it a little bit more
Halloween II which will probably be next
week or the week after and yeah I hope
you enjoyed it give a thumbs up if you
did it was just kind of like a cache
chatty video I quite liked it and also I
would love to see pictures of how you've
made your bedrooms or to me or
Halloweeny or other parts of your houses
I love stuff like that like I love
getting house inspiration from other
people and I would absolutely love to
see them so make sure you tweet me or
tag me on Instagram hope you're having a
lovely evening and we will see you again
tomorrow bye
