good morning everybody today I am
spending the day with Gabby so I am just
about to leave the house to go and pick
her up and it's actually a really sunny
day so I think I might take the roof off
and take a scarf with me and that
combats the fact that it's so lovely and
sunny that I want the roof off but also
the fact that it could be quite cold and
when I took Nala out to the toilet this
morning I was like oh my goodness it
feels like such a lovely like chilled
brisk morning and it made me really
excited for this time of year because
this time of year is literally the best
anyway today me and Gabby are going to
be filming two videos one of which is
massively massively highly requested any
time I speak to Gabby on Twitter any
time anyone mentions me and Gabby it's
in the same sentence as please read you
another pumpkin video so that is what
we're going to do for my channel and
then for Gabby's channel or don't know
whether I should say or whether or not
she wants to keep it a secret maybe I'll
ask her and just do Bourget but yeah so
that's what we're doing today
very excited she's traveled from London
because obviously she doesn't live in
Brighton anymore sad face um I think
what I might do is because when Gabby
actually lived in Brighton we used to go
to Waitrose all the time together and it
was like our cute little thing that we
used to do and when I went the other day
with poppy insured and Alfie I messaged
her and I was like I just went to
Waitrose and you would have loved it so
what I might do is when we pick her up
we need to grab a few bits and pieces so
I think I'm just gonna drive us straight
to White Rose I think that would be
quite fun and she doesn't know I love
that that's like a big surprise like
surprise I've taken you to wait Rose
it's the little things it's the little
things and I've got my scarf just in
case it's cold and I need to leave now
otherwise she's going to be standing
waiting for me and I don't like that I
like to be at the station ready so I can
go coming and like an embarrassing like
parent or friend friend is what I am -
Gabby I'm not her parent but you know I
mean forgot the bags
you always need yeah what I called your
lifelong bags although these are M&S I'm
going to wait Rose scandal that's
annoying
oh this case okay there we go keep that
out well there we go okay take two I'm
here and there is nowhere to park
so I'm hoping that she is almost off her
train I think I train may have just
pulled in I am like blocking the carpark
right now dude oh the parking in this
train station and literally the worst
it's so bad there's just nowhere to park
hello someone's just move so I could
probably go and pluck there
No someone else's partner okay no here
is good I felt like I'm out of the way a
little bit some of them out the way
spine tuned
there she is she's looking for me she's
like where is she ah yes well like a
cape
hello oh I love you okay Oh
zoomed in really get get in I've
put the heated seat on for you yeah
that's not no but just in general Knoxx
Amell Oh
Gabby said we're going guess where we're
going wait row you know my car thing
won't work anymore
hello right let's go yeah stop areas
she's driving hello everybody oh my god
half my nail polish has come off when
did that happen
okay right fine we've selected our
pumpkins this is mine this is Gabby's I
have to say yours is a better shape
slightly hmm scabby now I'm not sure
what we need oh are you going to say
what you're doing for your videos I
haven't told them yet we're making a
plan I'm going to push into everyone
look at this look at your bag on the end
we're making a plan
we've not researched what a plan is to
be honest together that should probably
do oh yeah
and also what's labor plan flavor plan
let's see we could do cocaine but we can
also do
oh that will be nice or perhaps even a
vanilla with cinnamon I also got these
little flowers they're very cute they
are sweet right how to make one in the
middle of Waitrose busy today belonging
me today Friday Friday is it flounder I
leave London right okay let me see what
a flan looks like oh it's like a creme
brulee thing I'm not flan blonde Allah
Evan would be proud solid plan Oh si
se√±or yeah might buy some mint just
fancier
oh let's do the perfect plan
Cheeta lemongrass lemongrass I do want a
mint plant though
not sure I'm gonna be able to keep it
alive but I'll try how much would I need
to pay for you to eat that what is it
don't know ooh let's do the what's in my
mouth challenge no I would be sick and
then I would probably have a panic
attack
all this hummus is good though not the
light version hell nah the classic
version this promise is really good just
to let you know it's good hummus so
Gaby's decided fans like a bit gross but
are we still making it man I think so
you should just try really have a bucket
you may keep it like goes wrong it
doesn't look for enacted I mean I feel
like a flower goes wrong it they'll
still enjoying the
look at the trolley right now all
Halloween doubt all we need baking there
beep beep we filming desponding mother
she's like come on Gabi play with me
right Gabi's decided that she wants to
sniff my candle collection I've never
smelt about the bodywork scandal of a
really intrigued tell me you wouldn't do
this if you came to Zoe sighs whoa it's
nice that what is it it's it's good of
his week right now are you bringing me
this I was saying it's my seasonal ones
so we've got well what's that one oh
yeah I feel I felt that was quite
seasonal hmm and then Christmas ones are
at the back you're right
Yohe Christmas ones are at the back oh I
bet I like this one it smells even
better Kennecott really yeah yes it is
if that one is a little bit more like if
you smell marshmallow Yankee Candle ones
yeah quite strong and sickly but I
thought that was a bit more sweater
weather
this one smells like an aftershave I
like that
yes nice isn't it mmm yeah my fun of
that I love the pots so cute aren't they
are cute they actually burn rate is
nothing like please just play with me
I'm interested to see if you like
flannel I feel like you're like flannel
Tino that's my favorite word ever do ya
know favorite word one turtle no I think
that smells like a man who's just got
ready to go out it's probably right
what's this one - no a Christmasy one
yeah pumpkin pecan waffles give that one
a sniff oh that one where's this from
buff body works yeah that is strands
yeah kind of like up on that yeah
nice nice tell you which one I think
you'll like the gingerbread man one of
the guys yes I'm that one smells like a
Christmas tree
this one yeah I think it's not supposed
to but it does oh yeah oh yeah
mixed with Grandma yeah I love mixing my
Christmas tree with my grandma how cute
is that candle isn't it so oh yeah yeah
isn't it let me sniff that one I
forgotten I think my smells a bit
impaired today maybe I think it is I
wonder if you're smelling them different
how I'm smelling them I think I might be
because that to me doesn't smell like a
gingerbread man no it smells kind of
like ginger with cinnamon and um
chestnuts I'm not smelling that we'll
use mine grandma doing are you sniffing
my boobie yeah my boobies
thank you he's like yeah yeah I love me
some boob you won't chest oh yeah that
one's strong I would love a candle
covered like maybe the cousin over you
oh I like that one
tell you what I like chestnuts roasting
on an open fire
not really I like cinnamon and vanilla
and like bubblegum sense or all mixed
together
no interesting combination what's this
one's what is that one just a candle
really biscuits or suka sure no more
gifts
Oh sugar biscuit yeah could maybe not
friend yeah okay okay organize
oh that's funny and then down there just
for anyone wondering on my summer sense
which obviously are being used right now
yeah there you go that that is my candle
cupboard and Gaby's reactions to the
handles okay so we well and truly
Halloween DUP this is my jumper it says
which please and this is the table look
at it I mean I don't just go halfway
Halloween
um I've got flashing pumpkins very light
even some Halloween crackers which I
didn't know was a thing
cappy's in here oh I like it's nice what
I would wear that out I was just
thinking that I kind of dig it I love
these these are the color pots
they're amazing never tried them ever oh
my god where'd you get them from they
sent them to me in my PA bot yeah that's
there like they have like so many colors
I'm gonna put this green one on that
looks nice little own makeup shop love
it I'm interested to see what green will
look like yeah I'm excited to see what
green are look like a life with Zoey
that one little button okay this shots
really nice you could totally film
tutorials here if someone wanted told a
camera for the long oh look at that
looks like you've just in slime like I
just nicked my bogeys mmm not sure about
the sponge up oh you know I don't know
Halloweeny it's cool
obviously soup sure hello everybody my
trucks are have really read favorite
clips is that I that is so like not
something someone would think well it
when you're filming me in your little
garden I pick another dandelion for I
give you things and you go I'm not sure
this is my garden you know
okay so much okay unified out that was
your garden I don't think it was oh
there's a fun time there that's suit
share I want green on now should've get
some on like you'll see yeah is it good
all right this is your camera in it
sorry okay
yucky that looks wicked on you but it
was shot from a different angle
I mean I'm not doing a very good job
applying it this could so be a tutorial
right now this lighting is so nice it
would I'm having a catastrophe that's
ooch is so much thumbs up if you like
the green you know get that promo did
you're still quite sticky well you know
and you can put a lot on you up
I've also not done my lips
that's what you're trying to do a we'd
seductive shot then like wait I think I
had another hair in my mouth I quite
like green unite I like green I love it
I mean I think it makes my complexion
look a bit strange no my skin color no
it doesn't when you watch this you'll be
like okay now it doesn't my wellness out
go friend wait dream again oh I'm so uh
everybody I'm sure not in the hot way
like oh she's are I like in there okay
I'm gonna go now
scuse me I'd just like to inform
everybody that I've been a bit of Kim
and I kyon so is kitchen today can we go
around and was like ah dishwasher I was
like yeah oh yeah I really like it I
don't know if she actually likes I do
really like it the dishwasher is my
favorite task of the day there was pots
all over here so just thought shouldn't
be a vessel hey Zoe you'd left them
and they're soaking in that hot water to
get all the grime out okay let's go
let's go
graceful right
we finished um filming we did a Q&A in
the end because to be honest about the
flan line um it just wasn't gonna work
I didn't we just it would have been too
long and we didn't really want to eat
flan or make it in the end so we did a
Q&A on Gabby's channel which just turned
it to us being weird
as usual oh I feel like the weirdness
came out in your video yeah I was
waiting focused on my pumpkin in mine
say like I'll guarantee
pumpkin competitive I've got like crying
on my face yes that's it
tears I've got crying on my face look at
this Halloween I'm gonna try and tidy
this up but I do want to keep the
pumpkin so I'm gonna put them somewhere
nice I like this thing taken off the
green lipstick and we are now just
chilling there's gaps eat in a wagon
mama we just ordered a Wacka mama I'm
actually not I for some reason I've just
gone non hungry so I'm gonna eat mine in
a bit but look at Nala staring at you
she's like I want me some of that that
was recent
what should a bit TV oh let me show you
our pumpkins even though it's kind of a
giveaway now I want you guys to tell me
what you think this is because it just
doesn't look how I wanted it to look and
can I just say this is the hardest thing
I've ever had to try and carve um yeah I
will leave that up to you to decide and
no it isn't Nala okay then we've got
another few all flashing pumpkins and
then we got Gabi's over here which is
more of like a traditional pumpkin
I definitely think Gabi's looks way
better but um yours da submit special
isn't it special definitely the way good
girl you said she doe are you watching
telly
she looks so cute look so cute you're
shocked Jude yes you are
we're just chilling on the sofa come on
come on isn't it
would you do tweet she looks terrified
on my lap dancing might be hello the day
is up and gabby is off she's got okay
you would take your pumpkin I don't
think I could carry it up this is how I
like to clog system I just have my are
behind stretched
Jovan yeah I had the best time maintain
me too now I'm gonna go to bed because
I'm tired and I'm gonna put this little
nugget to bed the giri's oh no slit your
ears over it's so cute Darla and yes I'm
gonna go sleep we be able to stay awake
on the drain yeah I brought my Kindle Oh
what you reading Allegiant oh oh we need
to get you some products I
