hello everybody and welcome to vlogmas
day 11
I actually kind of can't believe it's
the 11th already I still have so much to
do I've had a bit of a like semi
stressful morning basically realizing I
set myself too much to do in December
I know it's my own fault but I'm doing
so much editing filming writing blogs
I'm doing so much of this stuff but I
feel like I'm not doing any of the kind
of other little bits and pieces that I
really wanted to do like I've still got
some Christmas presents to buy I haven't
really wrapped any Christmas presents
yet so I need to do that even like our
advent calendars I'm forgetting to do
basically I'm like I feel like this
month is just like whizzing by and I
don't want it to I've been planning this
for so long I've been planning all these
videos for like months and now it's just
disappearing I'm going to do my advent
calendar right now this is not your one
nala
this one's my one because I haven't done
it since the 7th so we got a few to do
and I fancy a little bit chocolate and I
am gonna from one of the big old snowmen
because I'm hungry yes I am dog-boy
right where we left him 8 now looking
her lip this is the problem guys she
just thinks every advent calendar now is
a doggy advent calendar ok we got a
little sock that is quite possibly the
cutest thing I've ever seen pop him up
there no it's not for you sit good girl
9 there we go there's the old 9 I kind
of want to watch the Snowman you know
but father Christmas cute pop him on the
side 10
now let it sit sit sit
this is not VA one oh it's uh no day one
fellow huh I can't get oh there we go
another little snow globe and then
eleven a little Christmas cake this
could be another snowman what we say in
snowman and then I'm going to go for one
of these bad boys because it doesn't
instruct me of one to do it
look at that a little mask oh well isn't
that just the best thing you've ever
seen I wish every day there was a
chocolate this big look at her looking
at it is that for me no this is not for
you this is for me alright but there's
stuff inside it anyway I'm gonna eat
this now and pop me calendar back come
on they're not a bear let's do yours
ah look my videos finished processing
for today my vlog that's the start of it
I looked so gross in yesterday's vlog I
was editing it like oh it looks so great
I was really tired and I bloody fell
asleep without ending my vlog I'm so
annoyed I remember dreaming thinking I
need to wake up because I need to end my
vlog never did did I write what day did
we get up to we've done you we've done
you up to speed pretty much just need to
do today
what is this is hard to get through
Internet my god there we go
needed a thumb high five yeah good girl
and down good girl
there we go did you like those it's tire
gems Christmas party later so I need to
wrap up their Christmas present I've
only got Jim a little something I'm top
one of time years presence was the
onesie that I gave her the other day but
I just have a couple of other little
bits to take with me um hey you coming
you coming this way mm-hmm yes I'm
excited to go there's going to be a lot
of peeps there um going to be very
festive all the things I love and
actually I don't remember the last time
I ever went to like a Christmas house
party so yeah very excited for that I
feel like it's gonna be really fun
Alfie's back from the gym yeah yep um
and I don't know if any of you remember
that back in the summer I ordered one of
these bad boys which is a wood box which
is a subscription service whoa for dogs
actually would make a regrip this time
of year for somebody who's got a dog or
who's just got a puppy or something you
can go online oh I'm not being sponsored
to say this either I actually just
researched it myself and decided I would
love it ye not I would love it you go
along and you kind of type in the
specifications of the sort of dog you've
gone or treat yeah it's almost
imagine are you sure like yeah so you
can kind of tailor it a bit more than
there's a lot of really good dog
subscription services but I like this
one because you can retailer it a little
bit more so this month's box has arrived
I feel it could have a slight Christmas
theme although I could be wrong so I
thought I would open it on camera and we
can get knowledge reaction okay right
let's have a look oh my goodness puppy
what do we have here we've got a little
Lily's kitchen this is the brand where
we have the advent calendar from this is
everything you need to know about woof
box okay let's see what we've got
festive chopped biscuit bones presents
for my dog biscuit huh you're like those
won't you very cool so you've got those
what's this Christmas biscuits turkey
and cranberry with time and cinnamon oh
they sound nice that's Lily's kitchen I
wonder if those are like the ones in her
I think she might have these in her
calendar actually open those and have a
look ah what's this Nala a flashing nose
it's a ball oh I think it flashes that
will be fun we'll get that out in a
second
something else from Lily's kitchen wild
woodland walk so this is a lush feast of
venison and duck with salmon
oh and their perfect treat size as well
amazing what else oh look she's gonna
love this out look
Hollings Hollings bull's pizzle chu
Hollings air dried sausage pointers
Ovilus biscuit snack for dogs oh look at
these she's like oh my god I just need
to eat them there's loads in this one
Lily's kitchen Merry Christmas
three bird feast ahaha amazing we could
give you this for dinner on Christmas
Day and then it'll be like you're having
your meal - brilliant and then we've got
two little Christmas mouse look that's
such a cute box very happy with that
perfect that was a good one wasn't it I
wonder which thing we should try her
with I kind of want to see if she likes
these two because I know Lily's kitchen
are really really good true try one of
these yeah wait wait wait 100 which one
was that the turkey the turkey one she's
sniffing them she's not sure j-jim Nala
get him get him come on get him this is
the only time it ever looks like Nala is
smiling look at her she's smiling
oh oh you nearly couldn't you couldn't
you've got him
oh okay I am slightly more dulled up now
because I'm about to head off to Tanya
and Jim's Christmas party and it's a
good hour and 20 minute drive away so I
am going to head on the road got me bag
got my keys I'll be staying here because
he is writing stuff for his look like a
good boy although he is sad to be
missing out on the fun aren't you
element to being upside down you're
missing out on all the fun but will miss
me yes I love these new I'll make sure
you don't I'll keep checking up on you
could you show them my outfit maybe yeah
yeah why not driving heels so look at
the boots are so plain or so you don't
want to be in heels you're just going to
chew our house yeah it's not like you're
dancin yeah they will
and so my Kate is from Topshop and you
can take this off little faux fur color
my dress is green I don't know if you
can see it I can wrap around dress and
it's three-quarter length sleeves and
this is also from Topshop got tights and
these boots are Phillip Lim I think is
the branch and I got those on
net-a-porter they're like the country's
boots I've ever owned in my life and
then I've got my Rimmel 107 my trusty
room or what i 7m okay I'm in the car
I'm about to set off it's really frickin
cold but I've got smooth xmas on so I'm
happy
let's go to London
here with Maddie we've arrived at Tonya
Jim's somebody is getting and what's it
hold
I think it's the the ginger is at the
gingerbread yeah the gingerbread do oh
yeah it's the best limit so good let me
just smell welcome I was a live demo yes
heaps Tonya and Jim I've got the world's
biggest candle yeah that is the transfer
bill is it just the white company winter
yeah nice quite obsessed moment we're
guessing each other right now what poor
Jim and Alfie look how gorgeous tan look
is this a needle and thread number again
nowhere that's so good
I mean hate looks at me case my wife I'm
up my mom and your mom yes
are you is like a graded Tom's wardrobe
yeah I want to say that your house looks
incredible
and it feels very fat that means a lot
coming from festival sorry
exactly you've done me very proud when
I'm losing already my breath smells like
cheese mistakes me really queasy my dad
did my dad service Thank You cheese
watching them own where'd you get all
these lovely garland that's a wine
company and Jim put that one up oh I'm
gonna have to get some holiday I love
the tree effect in the beginning yeah
thank you for having me I'm very excited
but you get opposing everyone I gotta
have it blur everyone gets a present
sorry we going to take a box or a Santa
Bell maybe a box
yeah very very smart not like you
anymore like you stole my logically
hours a day you can give it a gift fo
give us a month or we're gonna have to
know you said that right Jase all right
how's your clock was going I said how's
your vlogmas going yeah yeah it's going
really bad I'll tell you what right what
missus listen our Parliament's still
have no Christmas decorations at all and
we have I don't see this place is very
I'm reading to my 70 pounds of oh yeah
in my life was one of google it did you
see how big that country's yeah yeah I
know I'm way
yeah there's five little dudes going on
five wicks 5 to first white group the
order online
coughs anyway don't I know it's nice
brand new bus in fact most festive helps
I'm senior jealous oh yeah it is pretty
festive for the year entire top top top
festive yeah boy I set up a mission a
day in my blog heavy-duty ready to go
call houses have to be blocked
yeah Joey feels really my thing either
 I think you might just have to
flick it somewhere delicious and
impossible why someone feels in my cup
and a little bogey flowing in it
for a while I need to explain yeah
because I didn't else showing video
okay educational marketing I'm an
injustice sandwich pull my hair again I
like where you can pull his hair as hard
as you want
any work come on makes me no cool
yeah let's meet again where we both told
each other there's no circus train your
big mess
I think it's gives us a baby my mom used
to scratch my head know where he's going
mommy's just carrying around my high
pick him up you sit with William per
himself and I'm s Cambodia to drive
anybody
oh that's the waterslide waistband yeah
I bet that hurt in that discussion very
watch this sorry customer oh good
oh don't see my toes getting better oh
my god Chico Turk day look I even have a
I even have a boss today cuz that's been
roaming on there
it's like the perfect imagine not a
magic turn it's gonna be good always
every morning I rub it and make a wish
I wish for a snowy Christmas there you
go yeah I would wish for going on over
up tonight again I get maybe fish what
we're still early wish for health and
happiness
yeah don't rub my my broken toe sorry it
was infected
yeah yeah I get ball in there don't you
okay hit my camera pretty one oh no what
is this come off it Tanya hey sure yeah
no goal in it good you heard that guys
just being sarcastic oh you heard it
here first guys know the quantum a
camera okay you don't choose it you're
with me
sorry
she's like I just got baking soda
hi guys so today coming in from Adam
Tanya's party
it's the reaso Alice this is my this is
my hand just Tonya's dress there's tons
I'm sorry Sonny
that's Marcus Butler that's lowly
yeah sure my good I do sometimes I do my
iPhone we're always s - classic Joe and
Kathy were always that's been in a
baby's mouth as well no in mine husbands
- yeah that's mine yeah turn the light
on all just the right time guys it is
quarter past midnight I am so tired is
unreal I cannot wait to get into my bed
and curl up and sleep and put the heated
sheet on oh my god I also am desperate
for a pee not gonna lie I thought I
would end the vlog in the car turn the
music oh Alfie's ringing me okay
so I'm gonna end the vlog here thank you
so much for watching guys give it a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it I had so
much fun at Tyler and Jim's it was so
chilled and lovely and um yeah it was
just it was lovely and her house smelt
amazing if there was anything that smell
of Christmas it was that and I wish I
could have bottled it and taking it home
but ya gonna go to sleep love you very
much good night
you
