hello everyone so I'm kind of starting
my vlog a little bit late in the day
because I what have I been doing today
I've been having a pretty lazy Sunday
although I normally find Sundays of like
the busy busy like I speak it's like
I've still got that speech jammer thing
I kind of find Sundays like to be one of
the busiest days normally all the days
where I get the most done anyway um I
don't know if I am loving my makeup
today I went a little bit more topi on
the eyes
I've just finished filming my September
favorites I'm about to edit that Nala is
huffing and puffing don't know what's
got your goat Missy I've got that thing
when you freshly wash your hair and it
goes all like I hope you're having a
nice day if you're not do something
about it change it do something you like
mmm or just put my hand cream on now my
hands smell amazing oh I know what I was
going to say so I've been completely
addicted we haven't made the bed today
nice um
myself and Alfie and poppy and Shawn
last night we all had dinner together
Alfie came up with the great idea that
we all play the same game and see who
can get the farthest and poppy
immediately went oh well we know Zoey's
going to get the funds because she gets
really obsessed with things like that is
literally me down to a tee however I am
NOT in the lead Alfie is in the lead
because Alfie likes to win so there's me
that gets obsessed with things but then
there's Alfie you have to win it um so I
don't know how far Poppy's Shaun have
got on the game but the game we're all
playing is this one and it's called town
what's it called Township and you
basically build a town these are the
ones that I really enjoy and you kind of
have to like wait for the corn and like
fill up the helicopter orders and stuff
like that so that is what we've been
playing um so I've been doing this quite
a lot of the day I'm not gonna lie had a
really nice bath though um and
yeah so I'm just going to sit here and
harvest my crops maybe do a few
helicopter orders check on the bread
maybe check up on my chickens probably
shoot my video let me know if any of you
are currently playing a game like this
or even this one actually I just find
things that is so addictive because
especially when there's three other
people playing it now it's become a
competition it's really addictive damn
it I'll be with you in a second I just
need to make some sugar okay look look
up my town I need to get up to level 13
I need to be alpha right that all right
yeah this smells so good
it's the sweet cinnamon Cup come pumpkin
pumpkin candle and then this end I've
got oh well oh huh
this end I've got the kitchen spice and
they both smell amazing I've changed
location oh look at Joe's book launch he
had somebody doing quick caricatures and
they did this one of me and Joe I really
liked it he was a really lovely chap
really lovely hi it's currently the next
day I'm not very good at ending a video
and then starting a new one so I just
like to merge them in together clearly
so today I've had kind of productive
kind of lots of little odds odds and
jobs odds and sods odds and jobs these
are odd jobs NAR has had a farty bottom
today haven't you really stinky really
stinky not like a dog fight either like
like it could be actually a human bar um
look at the cute little lights
love them so much I got a very exciting
package at the weekend but I was in a
weird mood I was feeling quite down at
the weekend I just sometimes get into a
funk I think it's just part of kind of
having anxiety and I don't know
sometimes you just have damn days
you anyway I was having you at the down
then the day I received it I was like no
I want to wait until I'm in a super mood
so I can get my camera out and I can
film it and we can experience this
together so that is what I'm going to do
with you now because it's very exciting
and sometimes I have no patience but in
situations like this I have great
patience because I was able to actually
wait
smells are like dog fire so here is a
very exciting package Alfie deyes it's a
package the very exciting package should
we open it together
I'm popping up inside I'm squeezing it
so hard not a new game fear uh what are
you playing it let me see is it Township
and are you above me yet oh that was
awkward it is my boot on the screen Oh
ready do you know what it might be
you would you tell me what it is it's
exciting I don't actually know we're not
I'm not allowed to hide that I kind of
give it away
do they know what it is the title the
title we'll give it away dad oh I didn't
even know it was that okay I didn't know
it was that oh my god is the first
printed like actual copy of my book can
I read it yeah you want to you can get a
head start
mushroom I found something wrong now oh
my god typo wait spelling mistake he's
but as though you're on the front no how
amazing is that I found it really funny
when I did the cover reveal when it
wasn't the actual real cover everyone
pointed out that the stub of the ticket
was a different date to the actual
ticket but none of us have noticed that
it's gone through numerous amounts of
people so whoever's watching this is
like I I helped edit the fun of that so
all of you going just like you know the
stuff of the tickets wrong compared to
the actual day of the concert so that
got changed dear Zoey surprised you're
very much
girl online on tour it looks fantastic
and we can't wait for your readers to
get their hands in it congratulations
penguin look inside the stars I don't
want to give too much away go online on
tour
yep to do another dedication look books
by Zoe sugg gone online and go online on
top yeah I did do a whole other
dedication so you've got your own little
bit listen to girl online listen to it
look at knowledge is loving it find one
though damp for all the latest news
about goal line visit girl online books
calm that's a cute little insert matte
shine read your last page no ready no
looking at the last page I'm gonna read
you the last page lastly to my boyfriend
Alfie that is actually the last bit in
the book down online on snapchat oh my
god this feels so strange
let me see it's a hefty old boy he's
heavy is net yeah it's like rose gold
around the star yes shiny it's like a
proper book obviously maybe you know I
mean like when I was young again you get
like a new Jacqueline Wilson book or
something or you did you read Jacqueline
Wilson I think I did know who's the guy
Lemony Snicket books oh my brother love
let me she's like I knew this is it
isn't it are you gonna read it mm-hmm
I said you as soon as I get my hands
look up y'all read it I just didn't want
to read it when it was like 10 million
lay for pay yeah
April pages like this then yeah no way
did they see that I used to think
chapter 20 was it 29 or 27 smells good
that was chapter 51 those read the back
read us the back way let me let me fine
but I think it was 29 or 26 here we go
let's try this wrong was it good Frank
whiff of egg
yeah it just snow
doesn't it smells like an egg tomato
sandwich
Denny won't guide you for another snip I
don't know why some pages Matabele a key
Oh like a bit cracked like egg and cress
yeah on brown bread right anyways where
did you ask me to read the back do you
guys didn't get to see the back of the
work last time
pennies bags are packed when no invites
penny on his European music tour she
can't wait to spend time with her rock
god tastic boyfriend but between Noah's
jam-packed schedule less than welcoming
bandmates and threatening messages from
jealous fans penny wonders whether she's
really cut out for life on tour she
can't help but miss her family her best
friend Elliot and her blog girl online
campaign you learn to balance life and
love on the road or will she lose
everything if the suit of the perfect
summer yeah how cool is that guys there
I am there's my little head very excited
I love it I literally love it I kind of
want to read it again even though I've
written it and reread it a million times
I reckon I could probably read this to
you without even looking at the pages
guys this is what it's come to this game
let me see what lovely you are level 16
what you want you're not on level 16
maybe know what that in I'm one level 14
yeah you better yet good luck no please
don't please don't do that
oh because I've saved up all my nigga
nothing we're getting sponsored to play
this I know I wish we were I think it's
good I guess not you like thanks
come on show us your one listen we're
house is over here they got some beach
houses some luxury ones down here nice
nice little word go not to Israel
imagine that coming out into the yeah
any guys not so nice like you live in
the middle there you're a bit screwed to
nice houses there water runs in the
middle that's my town whole thing oh I'm
gonna quickly grab that me feed that all
my cows don't look at my cows they don't
they happy yes oh there we go
three of them happy
I got my fields down here couple with it
I like mine I mean I am a little bit
biased but oh I have mic off for a
really long time now I know you've had a
really like but you're not taking
anything for it I should probably go to
the doctors they do say if you've had a
call for more than three weeks you
should go to the doctors yeah but you
should also take the stuff in there
we've got dirt cough medicine always
tastes like poo though when don't it is
a poo just tastes like food poor we do
get dinner tonight
I'll let you just ask do you that oh oh
where are you going Oh Alfie yeah what
who you going
yeah I need to cook food ouch there's
gonna blow me ya think I'm nice that
Jamie's sausage pasta is it's really
nice I know I do
Cornette whatever no cannolis go ahead
don't you want mommy and daddy to go out
tired same I don't know they're tired I
might go to the gym do you want me to
run you a really lovely lush bar what no
I'm like let's go do you know one
against the gym to be to run your bar
yeah maybe later on that's how big my
head is no silly that looks on me and
your pilot out enough I look like a
little boy wearing like their dads
cap mommy look what's come into the
house guys Ethan Ethan daddy longlegs
just a little bit all you joking good if
you want to get it out up don't think
about everything the world it's all my
house Alfie has a phobia of these Oh
where's it gone
that's how she get is going on again
some me oh why is it going over there
Nala did tranny it eat everyday go Oh
Deary me look at this look at this and
I've just finished watching my chummy
she did warn me it would make me cry and
it did you were right to me it made me
cry
Louise has pink hair and it looks
amazing and she looks stunning
but she's uploaded a video on her main
channel I'm going to leave it in the top
line of this of the description box and
it's her talking about her mum and her
mum's cancer story and how it's affected
Louise and also just that we all need to
be really aware that it exists and that
we should be donating to cancer research
and I wholeheartedly agree so I'm going
to leave a link to Louise's video then
I'm going to leave a link to Louise's
Just Giving page and give what you can
and watch the video and tell me if
you're watching I love you very much and
you are one of I'm slipping and you are
one of the bravest most lovely caring
human beings and I think your mummy
would be very proud of everything you've
done I love you very much
Wow okay so I've just had my dinner and
now I am in this room oh look you can
see it in the mirror no need to totally
come all the way around and and Jay is
apparently gonna come stay the night I
haven't seen him because he's gone to me
Alfie in town and I think they're going
out for dinner so I've just come in here
and to make sure that it's all tidy for
him open alia and away my love as tidy
as it can be and it's fun of like
filming equipment right now though so I
need to move that and there we go that's
a little bit better anyway let's just
shut the blind for him oh I'm like
inside tree there we go
ha ok well that looks nice I'm sure he
will enjoy just pull that not that I
don't know whether people even notice
these sorts of things unless you're me I
always kind of make everything as nice
and kind of homey as possible but then I
don't actually know if other people
notice those things they're the sorts of
things I always notice when I go and
stay at someone else's so I leave him a
little I mask this is let's put it on
his pillow here we go eh eh got your eye
mask ready um enjoy I bet he doesn't
know how to turn this off down there at
the plug oh that's what I needed as well
my laptop charger oh there we go
and my little Marla Bear and there we go
I kind of it's a bit more out the way
but not really he's definitely gonna
trip over that isn't he oh well oh well
right a bit better I mean they just have
to use his eyes I do want my
dressing-gown though I can't believe in
that like the most cozy thing in the
world I'm gonna go and snuggle this in
bed now let's turn the lights down a
little bit bit more mood lighting nice
nice
okay there we go perfect perfect Nala
it's all ready for tray okay so I also
have some very exciting news a lot of
you have been asking me if I'm going to
be doing a book tour and the answer to
that is yes I am um the book tour is
going to happen between the 24th of
October to the 8th of November so it's
going to be between that time zone and
the locations are Brighton London
Bristol Leeds Edinburgh and Dublin I
feel like I've tried to at least go to a
different part of the UK if I had more
time in the world or in my life then I
would at least attempt to travel to
every single place in the world but I
can't physically do that so those are
the ones that we have kind of put
together I did do a kind of smaller book
tour last year and you guys really loved
it so you've all been asking me to do
another one I'm super super excited to
get to come and meet you it's done the
same way the last one was done so it's
kind of like how you pay for the book
and that enables you to have a ticket
and you get a little wristband thing but
all the information will be going up the
time the tickets go on sale which is
tomorrow so Wednesday at 5 p.m. GMT or
is it still BST British Summer Time or
GMT I don't know London timezone so 5
p.m. Wednesday at the 7th of October the
tickets will be going on sale so make
sure you set a little timer on your
phone or I don't know if any of you want
to come I thought I would let you know
one here first because I am going to be
tweeting about it as well but I just
thought I'd let you know on here so any
of you that are watching want to get
hold of a ticket then I will leave a
link to where where you can get the
tickets however is not going to go live
until that time so just letting you guys
know there's also going to be an FAQ
page so you can find that as well I feel
like that's pretty much I've covered
most of it so I hope you're super
excited I'm super excited I'm going to
get to meet loads of you and sign your
books and yeah it's gonna be really fun
really really fun and I'm going to
Dublin and I've never been to Ireland
before so I'm really excited and can't
speak I'm really excited about that too
so yeah letting you know Wednesday /
tomorrow 5:00 p.m. be there be square
grab a ticket if you want to you don't
have to but yes I think I'm going to go
to sleep now I've got a box of Maltesers
someone tell me why Maltesers tastes so
much better from a box I just I don't
know what it is but they're just they
taste so much better when you get them
in a box oh I always like to buy them in
a box rather than in a bag Oh
is now good night guys
I love you very much very excited for
tomorrow very excited for my book not
long now how many days until it's
released it will be 14 or 13 as you're
watching this I guess and then the
number two weeks exactly two weeks today
until girl online on torres out so
excited i've also just realized I've got
like smeary lipstick all around my mouth
sexy okay bye guys love you very much
good night good night good night good
one
