good morning everybody it's a beautiful
sunny day today and I am filming again
I'm going to see if I can try and do as
many vlogs this month as possible
because October is one of my favorite
months months can't talk these are the
sorts of videos I know I want to watch
back like next year or something because
I just love this time of year so much so
this morning I am going to go to pets at
home with Poppy she needs to grab a few
things I need to grab a few things for
Nala and the guinea pigs actually and
then we might make a little sneaky trip
to hobby crafter I'm not sure but
whatever I do I'll be sure to bring you
with me this is my scent choice for
today it is the BlackBerry Ambe cologne
from Jo Malone this actually reminds me
so much of Tanja she always smells of
this and she's the one that introduced
me to this scent and it just smells
amazing
I reckon half the reason this bottles
almost gone actually is because I leave
this in my bathroom and Tanja always
uses it every time she comes around but
it does smell lovely look how cute my
little baby is in her jumper mother are
you loving your jumper so much don't
lick my lipstick oh she's like my little
sea lion a lot of people say she looks
like the dragon from How to Train Your
Dragon I think it's called toothless or
something then also she looks like him
okay let's go to pets at home mercy
where are we the only times before yes I
agree bad Samia poppy
oh no I'm pets at home oh look at this
little fella oh oh this dagger he's dug
a little hole look well they've got
through the little hole yeah is it I
haven't got anything in my hand mister
let's hold out oh my god pop oh my god
made a day
oh my god gonna ya feel it feels really
nice quality well they've got loads no
advent calendars
ohokay we should get them some okay
this one looks cool Wainwright so it's
like the healthier one yeah it's me
poppy on a little walk or just being
into this shot which is cold oh I
actually don't know hang on if I move
back something designed I can't see I'm
too small
what's it good design vintage design
vintage or vintage design it's really
nice they've got some really lovely
things in there so a we're just having a
little nosey at a very cute rocking
loveseat which was nice we're just
waiting now for Buster how are we now we
turn away
well in altar
I'm just shine
my schedule I put it
just in case
we go
we're here oh my god this Christmas
section papi yes there is
guys hobby craft right now is like the
most amazing thing I've ever seen
there's just Christmas stuff everywhere
this is like the Christmasy stuff
currently in the Halloween section oh
nice pop there's such cool things here
look all the stickers egg cartons isn't
that what you wanted
so I'm gonna break it fair trial yes
best one even me a nice hole in this
hole oh absolutely so yeah I love this
ah that's really cool but sorting that
that's you ever think it's the
decoration I like the little boom you
could like um you can put the decoupage
decoupage we found a new one that's like
a bit like the Grinch eBay right okay so
I was going to say we did some damage in
hobby craft I think that I was kind of a
one-man racer with her
normally I don't have you everything
yeah Bobby's like oh this is nice oh
this is nice like stop it's really good
basket but I have bought some really fun
things and kind of crafts and a little
bits and pieces that I want to do either
just for this channel or for my main
channel kind of some Christmassy craft
stuff well then I actually get around to
doing it as a whole in the story but
I've got the stuff and it looks exciting
yeah I said too puffy how not how nice
it will be oh we've got kids because
there's all like the poster paints and
we'll like the exciting things that you
just want to put out for your kids like
what are those um fluffy sticks called
the wire stick oh you hide it yeah I
don't like fluffy pipe use it Christmas
decorations are in the glass
oh my I'm in heaven
oh my god I'm in heaven oh my god why
did we come in here
oh never thought mirrors on my Christmas
tree guys oh my God look there's a
copper tree pop I think that is an igt
tree have you got that thing in your
doing a little here bear oh my god I
feel like I need to lie down
I've just got very excited I need to
take a sunglass off some of these
decorations are really cute though oh
look at the little boys that mushroom
boys that I thought it was a dummy it's
a little mushroom am i doing that's
quite cute oh my god I do i yeah one I'm
excited now on I look at this really
Christmas section it's at Christmas
music no yes it is I just heard the word
Christmas
it's like they knew I was coming what I
thought how is it jingle bells swing and
not oh we're in Christmas it was your
idea to come in here guys this is so
exciting oh those stockings are really
cute look at this table we just sit down
and have Christmas dinner that's nice
all right they've got similar ones but
read part those stockings
I think you should get these for your
tree that's probably the one thing in
here I would not Oh Anna this is the
reduce section
Oh God even though my I've already
decided the theme for my tree these are
really cute I know
Oh God I have to get that that is so
cute it doesn't go with anything but I'm
gonna put it somewhere into like a
peanut I know I can't get over this I
think it's because this is the first
place I've been to where they've
actually fell out look even he's taking
a little sneaky snap full out they've
gone full out on Christmas already
I don't care anymore than probably look
how cute this is
oh my god the two mice oh my god whoa
feel like I'm in Santa's grotto this is
all outside lights is an air huh these
are my favorite the warm ones
my god I'm so excited right now oh look
at the little scenes the light-up
scenery
they're nice I like those warm warm
white or yellow
my god Oh July was not again no Nala
would love it oh I love it
all right it reminds me a bit of Nala
this is basically Louise's Christmas
tree section I think everything from
here
Louise would very much appreciate I
think she does have birds like that on
her Christmas tree look at the Christmas
village that little thing is yes so
expensive
I would definitely live in that village
though pick your house okay we can't
live there
on a flower basket push Christmas shop
or there's the station patisserie oh I
think I might have to live near the
patisserie maybe in a flat above ah I
think I would live in a flat above the
toy kingdom so that that would be a very
happy place he'd be in there in above
the stationery shop
have some creepy everything that's 150
pounds my god
I want you to let me know in the
comments if any of you have this and
you've got like everything in the
village because I know some people
collect it's like collectors Ironman so
like some people go all in I said to
puppy I can imagine when I'm older I've
got all of this in my house here's my
tapestry collection it's amazing though
look at these they make noise too
that's quite creepy
which one's papi that's me bears papi it
would be addictive wouldn't it you'd be
like oh wait but I've got the tavern but
I don't have the mulled wine
what's that suitcase seen oh my god I
just love this I feel like I just want
to film this so I can pause it and look
at all of it how Christmassy would you
there must be somewhere like this in the
world somewhere in December that looks
like this I want to find it wherever it
is Maddy's yeah and she's been to Africa
you've got bevit actually I don't see me
properly I watched online I'm not have
you I have got a watched airline and she
kept saying have you guys go scarred it
must have been what three weeks ago you
said unlike the first day of holidays so
that was three weeks good yeah
three weeks ago and we've just got it I
was like I'm gonna send at the beginning
of holiday because either we just
checked the post books I love how you're
after you still in here's like the Wi-Fi
is good shot that's because that works
for the middle of Africa II like or
estrogen thing 10000 focus there we go
hi guys it is currently the day I'm
editing the video oh why can't I can
sound down there we go it's currently
the day I am editing this video I was
like I'm gonna quickly get it up for you
and as I dragged it all the clips I was
like surely that's not the last clip
this literally just it ends with Maddie
but turns out that was the last clip and
then I was like I remember what happened
after Maddie went home I had a migraine
so I pretty much just lay in the dark
under a blanket actually in my cozy
dressing gown but basically just went to
sleep
so I'm sorry the video ends very
abruptly um I hope you enjoyed it anyway
I hope it got to you in a very festive
mood I am going to stay
away from that garden center for a while
as much as I love Christmas that was a
lot of Christmas and I want to save some
of her December so I hope you enjoyed it
I did buy a few bits I didn't get very
much actually you'll be really proud of
me but I'm going to say what I did buy
for a little like Christmas home haul
for in a while in a little while I want
to like make the most of Ottoman like
Halloween first but I love you guys very
much
give video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and I will see you again soon right
