happy 1st of October look what we can do
today we can turn over the Saucony
Jolie's calendar look da da this is
probably my favorite one I like this one
a lot no good photo so cute and this
means that this month is the month of
girl online on tour in 20 days or 19 as
you're watching this and also Halloween
and also everything fun and exciting I'm
very excited for this month yum-yum-yum
look at this how delicious we're all in
Waitrose if you're wondering what's
happened to Sean Xia's explain what you
had done Sean my husband bugs midnight
oh yeah
how did stitched up really cool he's
being very brave he had a hot chocolate
making I think what we had hers done too
but you can't tell her she's got how she
did they want to network a man working
in waitress it came up and hugged me and
told how he could look after me because
I thought realize I'd like sugar babe
Coffee was from girls loud you can have
a taking shopping if you want is pretty
so great yeah but yeah we're just having
breakfast slash a little something I
thought it was my I thought that was it
we were going to a move away be together
no he's hitting on another woman now new
but yeah sometimes they also have
pumpkins so I'm very excited autumn
autumn I just found the cutest little
pumpkin I think we've got enough
pumpkins now what do you reckon yeah I
mean I mean it's the fair if you fast
but also I just want to experiment with
different ways to decorate a pumpkin
field shopper the what does that for the
bridges happen boys are did you know
what that no that's gonna fill off Ridge
and you're not gonna eat it
Troy yeah
melon I don't like melon do you know
right you don't like mr. cross between
the line you put the lime in the coconut
to drink them all up put the lime in
what the hell that you just knit restore
my kappa
are you fear just meet your now
oh you know look at my hands
get your f---ing out on chimerical I've
seen how much is it heavy yeah it's
pretty heavy you know what I mean
what do you wonder leg little bit
scrambled angle and pour like milk
little milk bad it's some to you oh my
god this frozen cereal this is my fav
Golden Grahams is where it's at everyone
but Happy's in a while I know but I
don't know I also like these ones what's
a gold dredger huh no we haven't
we have not we've run out no we ran our
advent calendars how exciting this one
I'm gonna get it yes I am you'd run
already why we don't need one yeah all
right I'll wait I'll wait until the
first week of December and then there'll
be no good ones left I just like
Thornton's chocolate a lot yeah why you
want this is the one you'd like Lindt
chocolate there's only one left out
already all gum we can just put it away
until the fair goodies you could just
buy me twelve different boxes wash for
sure is copper so when defending you
won't have any they're all over the
floor one another each day separate
share box oh my god I'm just sorry for
these I just wondering you let me also
mean
oh sure oh yeah
Oh Halloween section am I allowed to buy
stuff from the Halloween section yet
okay hi yeah yeah got it
run Sean run man she looks happy that
it's Halloween oh it's that's what I
feel like we should try to stretch it
although probably fit me yeah I'm fine
Halloween stuff oh we finished up at
Waitrose now and we're all just chillin
this is in poppin Sean's flat I've not
actually filmed a before but of course
Alfie's already done a flat tour of it
you can head on over to Alfie second
channel to see that the back to Austin
Fox May 21 second approximately 20
seconds it's very lovely in here um ah
pop it's a shame you didn't get any
pumpkins to put in your got a lovely
little fireplace there it is look it's
very pretty
put some little pumpkins in there
we're back now but this is the one
running around my face
yeah better good girl just wanted to
show you my pretty autumn flowers I
think I bought these last year actually
from Waitrose I just think they're very
beautiful
um and I'm just unpacking the shopping
now I'll be listening to a bit of Ellie
Goulding it was one of those food shops
that's half like all the little bits and
pieces that you needed for a real long
time like this stuff like stuff that you
just need for like cleaning and washing
and all the kind of boring things bye
I'm going to show you these because I
showed Tanja these about two years ago
and they completely changed her life and
they are the Dettol power and fresh
advanced multi-purpose white refreshing
green apple they smell amazing they also
had the spray version for like surfaces
and things so there's that and the rest
of the food shop which I need to put
away but normally alfie does that bit
don't you al look if you can hear me out
I'm gonna put them into categories okay
what can I put the food into categories
and then you put them away yeah okay
perfect I can do that bit
so look guys who remembers when I used
to get these all the time
yummy yummy this one is my absolute fave
and this is one I hadn't seen I don't
think or maybe we did get them before I
just don't remember it so I got those
two delicious just cleaning away kind of
foods that's gone a bit off and I
noticed these bad sad boys I know a lot
of people actually like to eat bananas
when they're like this there's nothing
wrong with them but I think I might make
a banana loaf with them instead because
I don't want to throw them away but I
also know they won't get eaten so they
stay like this until they're completely
black so I think I'm going to make a
little um chocolate banana loaf um they
take a while I think I'm going to try
and find a recipe somewhere my mum
always makes the most amazing banana and
chocolate chip loaf so yeah that will be
nice then we can take it over to poppy
inch ones later because they're actually
going to go back over in like three and
a half hours because we're all going to
make pizzas tonight which I'm very
excited about and yeah I hope you're
enjoying this blog today it feels very
oto√±o
and you guys know how much I love this
time of the year and it just feels like
it's come so quickly and I'm really
enjoying it and now it's October there's
a lot of things to look forward to and
so yeah I'm just in a really great mood
today really great mood and I hope that
me being in a good mood rubs off on you
if you're not having a great day and oh
we also bought some of this Pizza
Express passata
for the pizzas because this stuff is
amazing and that's all the fridge stuff
yeah it seems to be kind of half fridge
half cleaning products and these things
are expensive if any of you know like
things like this growing up where your
parents used to buy them and then you
having to buy them you're kind of like
no way have they always been that much
money but what can you do I also have
scented toilet roll which Anna
um really loves and Jonathan she
actually buys that now because she came
she kept used to come here and love it I
actually like it always makes the
bathroom smell fresh also look at these
that I bought guys some little candles
that's so cute
okay guys so I I'm about to make my
banana loaf I'm going to use this recipe
which is in the hummingbird bakery
cookbook what we're leaving in a minute
no we're leaving in two hours okay um
and look at the bananas I didn't want to
waste them so I've got all the
ingredients I need here the only thing
that isn't in this recipe is the
chocolate so I'm just going to add that
as an extra but I'm just going to put
this here so that those of you that
might want to do this can pause the
video and write down the ingredients but
that is basically well on me doing I'm
now adding 270 grams of the sugar in
with the eggs and then I think you beat
this let's have a look put the sugar and
eggs in a free-standing electric mixer
with a paddle attachment or use a
handheld electric whisk and beat until
well incorporated beat in the mashed
bananas okay so let's beat this first I
can't even tell you how good sugar and
eggs smell it's good as that brown sugar
it smells amazing okay now we need how
many 200 grams of peeled mashed bananas
okay well mashing these shouldn't be too
much of an issue those are the fresh
ones right these bananas look delicious
we don't forget it
you're gonna regret it mm-hmm name that
TV program
how would you muffin on is full go give
it a bit of walking don't you dad no
don't even pretend banana is mashed push
it in mixer okay so I've just beaten the
banana and now we need to incorporate in
all the dry ingredients that's what you
do
I thought we need to do crab cute my
little and spoon measurement cut things
are they're so cute I got these from
home cents right we need a teaspoon to
feel like I'm gonna smash them though
teaspoon of baking powder and how much
bicarbonate soda teaspoon of that as
well and then also a teaspoon of the
spices
okay now we're going to mix all the dry
ingredients together that came down a
bit hard
yummy okay I've just melted 172 grams of
butter which I'm just going to let cool
down a tiny bit before I then add it to
the rest of the mixture I've never had
to do this before like melt the butter
before adding it I'm guessing this is
because it's a loaf but I don't want it
to heat the egg that I've already got in
the mixture because then we'll get
scrambled egg so I'm just going to let
that cool down for a second while that's
cooling down I am going to break up some
white chocolate and a little bit more of
this there's only a couple of the dark
chocolate chips left so I'm going to
break up some plain chocolate or milk
chocolate and a little bit of white
chocolate and then add that in as well
so I've now mixed in the amounted butter
and I'm just about to mix in some white
milk and dark chocolate chips I've just
greased and floured my loaf tin and I'm
now going to spoon the mixture in and
flatten it down with a palette knife
okay I'm now going to put this in the
oven for one hour um Missy did you by
any chance uh rub your face along the
ground after I'd poured flour into my
mixture you look like an old pub you
look like you've aged
you've got flour all over your chops yes
you have okay we need to wipe your face
so the cake has been in the oven half an
hour and I've just posted this on my
Instagram so you can go on over and
check that out it's basically a
competition so because girl online is
out this month what we're doing a little
competition with penguins so all you
have to do is take a picture of what you
would put in your bag if you were going
on tour and then you just want to tag at
penguin platform and you want to use the
hashtag what's in my tour bag and then
I'm going to pick a favorite to win the
contents of Penny's tour bag terms and
conditions are on girl online books calm
forward-slash what's in my tall bag but
yeah that is what I would pack if I went
on tour even though let's face it
I would suck being on tour in some of
the interviews I've done around kind of
like the book press and stuff they've
said who would you take on tour if you
had to take two people and like cannot
just take everyone I know because I
would hate being on tour I think I would
definitely have to have Alfie and Nala
that would be my two people to take on
tour who would you take on tour outfit
take on tour with me yeah or a bit
spudgy hear me clean there you go I do
know it but I can't contour TP would
enjoy it so I think you know I took my
mom on tour once didn't I is it actually
I was a differential until once if I was
to take somebody boom but you wanted to
click on so while we're driving home
probably Marcus and Sean sure would be
fun
yeah maybe sure but then poppy would
want to go she can walk but she's
invited yeah that's the thing that's
funny
Alfie saying that this is misspells
really strong he's like on our table and
he's like so he is this rooster smell
really strong yeah and I put over there
and then I turn on a minute laughter I
flew me now and then you put it not
literally here again all right it smells
nice there doesn't actually good but it
was not under my nose yeah is kind of
strong enough to send a whole entire
room so small rooms and next to your
boyfriend while he's working
I'm that practical nice more women be
fine but it's just don't leave it there
for like two hours or meditate if any of
you saw Alfie's vlog yesterday then you
will have seen this adorable dog ETP
that was really very kindly gifted to us
for Nana's birthday by my wee TP and
they make teepees for doggies and
actually for kids they had some of the
most amazing kids ones I was like Alfie
when we have a child can we get them a
tepee from this website um so look how
lovely
unfortunately I think Nala is a bit
scared to go in there um but there is a
Nala hair in there so maybe she did lie
in it there's a few little
actually Elfie she might have gone in
there because she really likes being
cozy but she's very wary of it I think
however she does love to sit on this
beanbag that my mom gave us once with
this really soft blanket but I don't you
never know she might have gone in the
tepee anyway I love it I think it's
amazing I love a little Aztec print it's
so cute look at this little munchkin
mm-hm
okay so the cakes out guys I had to
leave in just over an hour and it looks
like this it looks kind of burnt but
it's only just let me put a skewer out
the middle on it for it to come up clean
so I'm guessing the outside is just a
little bit more Brown and the inside
will be delicious otherwise I've just
burnt the cake we'll soon find out yay
guys I've just cut some and it actually
tastes really delicious um although the
outside is slightly crispy although it's
not too bad it's quite Brown mixture
anyway so we're going to take this over
with us to pop in Sean's I think Mia now
if you've been eating the middle out OPA
tastes amazing so we're gonna go this is
currently happening give me give me go
back all I wonder right right right
we've arrived at Papa John's we've just
helped them set up their new TV there it
is down there that they're already set
up it
I think I think you've lost Shawn to
that yeah but um and look at this
because we're going to be making pizzas
papi set all this out it look really
good is the dough also yeah I've got it
out
yeah yeah yeah how exciting look at that
is that the burrata oh my god I love
burrata
it looks like Poppy's made this as well
pesto and I think there's some I am ha
ha ha
so you and how if you're having pesto
Bayless but we're going to try and
recreate a daisy from Pizza face yeah
but I don't know if the boys are going
to be coming in boys come on you are mmm
hey it's done for it ready moving our
cups out for whatever you just did
the only bowling pins ik just need
glasses know what is boss you know
each sites then they go for what goes up
hey brinda yeah like me they're really
hot oh yeah just hold but stretch out I
just think they're not that big as well
yeah this is what we meant to me I'm
going to need it you know this feels
like old leathery skin how do you out
feels like cousin here yeah I'll be
careful look I'm trying to help you the
name we've got a crisis let me help
no Alfie Alfie Alfie Oh No let me know
don't you
okay me a pop region think about this we
just um you didn't want to go oh no no
we can do this no hands off your hand on
open joint guess I hope
I've got you might just lose a few
Tomatoes yeah now shut this on it should
cut that each and everybody put flour
under their pizzas Oh
Oh roll the pizza round put it straight
on here before you put your toppings
more how do we do hello this is
happening in your country tray right now
yeah looks lovely good like it right I
need to now do the same thing so anyone
got a tray mine and poppies are in the
oven now they're actually looking quite
good all the cheese is melting and I'm
guessing that the base is cooking I'm
going to say they probably need about
another five minutes yeah they do cook
quick I suppose all pizzas cook quite
quick I'm sure always got eyebrows now
Sean's is quite cool looking actually I
would say little face Oh Alfie you've
got some pine nuts some cheese looks
good looks good you gonna put some
burrata on there I'm gonna go in on this
burrata yeah I've never had four are too
hot I always have brought a cold John
Sean gave Alfie along cheeky but slap
yeah and mine and Poppy's pizzas are out
of the oven I actually think they look
quite nice yeah
mine looks pretty plain compared to
poppy my everything Bobby just playing a
spot of speech jammer Poppy's had a go
it was absolutely freaking hilarious she
ones go he's gonna talk to us about what
he does in the mornings so when I wake
up I go ahead Oh
yeah let me concentrate
Oh wake up a check my phone it's really
weird and then I put on my clothes and I
go to where sure can do it fine why are
you putting a pizza so what did you what
did you pour your pizza so you started
at the face what was on the bags okay
sure
okay so we got the base and twice be
fast I'm put pesto and then goes G my
cake feathers before I'm washed up
I'm in cherry tomato bath I can't
remember member Wow
I think I've been to any much what types
of cheese guys cheese mozzarella
you're insecure
yeah I thought that it makes me forget
the words yeah happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you happy birthday
buzz happy birthday to you that was good
whoo that was good back home now and I
just thought I would quickly end this
before my battery died I'm at home I've
had the most wonderful day lovely
evening with everybody and yeah now I've
got this little Missy and I'm gonna go
to sleep so good night guys love you
very much good for your thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I'll see you again soon
