good Monday morning you're in my
cupboard I'm making myself a cheeky mint
tea and the tea I am drinking is this
one which is for Marks and Spencers it's
Moroccan mint tea it's really good get
this mug mug with little Fox on it
teabag mmm there's some great things in
this cupboard whenever anyone comes to
my house they're always very happy with
my selection of teas I never used to
drink tea and I don't drink traditional
kind of techies tea I always have them
like fruit teas and like peppermint teas
and chamomile teas so yeah everyone's
always very happy with my tea collection
I did get yesterday or the day before I
can't remember spiced pumpkin pie not
sure how that's gonna go down but very
excited to try it how was your weekend
let me know in the comments I would love
to know I want to know one really
amazing thing that made you happy at the
weekend for me that was one thing that
made me really happy at the weekend was
shopping with Alfie Shaun and poppy I
really enjoyed it
so yeah Cheers
good morning and let's start the day I'm
probably puddle by cold earnest because
oil and hot and just in case you didn't
believe I had an extensive array of tea
there you go all of those are teas
yep far too many or what these ones ice
cream float oh how ya need to try that
but yeah oh these are the ones my mum
really likes Empress Grey my mum's
coming to save the day
excited about what very excited indeed
right let's sit down and edit
yesterday's video Swain then we've got a
meeting with Madame Tussauds I'm about
to meet my wax head because I wasn't
able to go to the meeting last time
because I was really ill so they've come
to Brighton today me an outfit here and
I'm going to get to see it unfortunately
though you guys aren't allowed to see it
yeah I'm so excited
yes this right this is normal yeah see
oh oh this way getting a little bit lost
BD is it really strange okay are you
haven't seen them yet 9 is crazy I think
I taste like crazy I haven't seen this
why not all right
this place is like a maze good morning
everybody today we don't want to get to
my guy I'm not going to shave it oh my
goodness
that is crazy that's so creepy but also
amazing well I don't like wow I'm not
going to show you
which one is the real one
then turn--turn so good
how weird is it I want to show these
guys that face so bad but they're not
allowed ok guys so this could be a
little bit crazy but I would say it's
organized basically the other day I
noticed that John Lewis as well as other
big department stores like Selfridges
Harrods etc etc have all got their
Christmas ranges in and every year I
leave it so late that all the ball balls
are really rubbish so I was like you
know what I'm just gonna buy them now
because I want my treat last year my
tree was red and white and silver this
year I want to go for more of a like
gold silver white and copper so I bought
some Christmas decorations and I'm just
going to show them to you here on this
channel so you can get a first look at
my Christmas Dex I really like John
Lewis with Christmas decorations they've
got a really nice mixture of kind of
more affordable ones that they've also
got some really lovely kind of one offs
which I might have got like two or three
of just to kind of bring the tree to
life when we have one okay some I'm
thinking I might put you here also
listening to it now right okay so these
were ten pounds or twenty and they are
actually glass ones and they're very
pretty
champagne gold copper glittery champagne
and white so I've got two boxes of those
so these ones are pretty similar I'm
gonna lie
I think these ones are a bit more
expensive because they were shatterproof
they always say shatterproof but are
they really shatterproof whoa we almost
found out okay
20 very similar colors but um yeah very
similar colors and they've already got
the gold ties on I hate when you have to
tie those on yeah
lovely jubbly hope alfea's excited for
this Christmas tree this year
got three of them very pretty gold
tipped glitter feathers thought they
would be quite nice to hang somewhere on
the tree a wreath hook actually quite
useful for right now because I have some
awesome wreaths that I want to hang up
you just hang that over the door and
then you can hang your wreath like this
much better than those sticky things
that you can stick on glass because they
never come off which I learnt the hard
way last year oh my goodness I love it
but this one which I really like it's
got some feathers in it but it looks
like a little like message in a bottle
just in case you're wondering I've never
actually done a proper Christmas
decoration shop as an adult with my own
house
I bought a few in 2013 when I was still
living with my dad so I put those on
like our Christmas tree with all our
other kind of regular decorations but
I've never actually properly gone out
and bought decorations so don't think
I'm crazy and I'm going to be doing this
every year I feel like this is going to
carry me through for a good amount of
years Christmas garland just says boy
but a few of these to put into wreaths
or table decorations or I thought as a
present decoration so to decorate
presents with and just put some of these
on they were a pound for 10 or they may
have some copper one got a few of those
or oh these are the cute I was going to
put these on kind of like a tiny one the
only thing I
they don't have Springs on them
copper stars I've got a little Christmas
tree that I put in the background of
videos and things in my bedroom so I
thought these would be quite nice to go
on that because they're small or just on
the main Christmas tree tiny little when
you've got tiny little areas that you're
like I want to put something in there
but I don't know what and for the
smaller tree I've got some more small
bubbles I've definitely gone for like
kind of champagne gold it's not like
gold gold but yeah I thought things
would be really nice and they've got
like copper copper bits on them and 28
and they're glass too and there were
only six pounds that's actually quite
good this is so huge what the hell is
there getting smaller and smaller look
how beautiful that is
ah here's a question how do you guys
like to decorate your trees do you go
kind of with a color scheme or do you
have random ornaments or baubles that
you collected over the years like in
your family so it's all very like
mish-mashed
are you a tinsel lover do you go for
warm light or cool light or multicolored
lights I know that Louie's like some
multicolored light um just just you know
to get the conversation flowing one of
these similar to the other one but a
different shape see now is the time to
buy your Christmas decorations because
they're actually all in stock this
reminds me of snow copper frosted glass
ball move let's face it we all know I'll
get copper in on my Christmas tree
somewhere oh yeah let's use a picture W
yeah can I be opening and baubles
they'll be excited to I'm showing them
the thumbnail of our Sims just on the
thumb now okay where do we go
I got horrible right now now in it we do
okay but do I just Photoshop a different
face from your head well then you don't
go to take a photo of me
should have taken one of my waxing
earlier things root look how much they
wrap this up
beautiful whoa that's so clear let me
tap the screen oh there we go there we
go what we're saying about that look at
your eyes how blue they are yeah it's
crazy
did you get the flat I'll make sure you
take a picture anyway ah she takes so
long I'm trying to leave look I'm trying
to open this and it's a night it's a fun
example of how long you take to do
anything just get a knife or some
scissors so because it's very delicate
look at that that's not delicate looks
like a wasp nest what's yours
which mean guys as well as just walked
up the stairs still the cameras right I
just drop it I just dropped on one of
the decorations I don't have a bucket
Zoey
here's your camera back how the
decorations are they good oh that's good
hi Adam of course I wouldn't stand on
them no that's silly
I mean I may have taught him one of them
as I ran up the stairs
they didn't oh maybe it was then what
right on down there why'd you coming
back you're an idiot
why be careful come in here
scuse me Babette EBU Oh finally got into
this and it's glittery I like it huh oh
it's white and copper ombre look how
pretty that is you can't really see the
ombre but it's there but this one got
white feathers in it it's like a little
duvet yes I like smaller but not and
they're really dainty there you go with
gold leaves so that they were very
pretty about six of those I mean you
wouldn't get a lot in there but I was
thinking this would be a nice one for
Nala
I just like all the bubbly bits some
candy canes and that is it and this is
kind of the overall vibe with all the
individual decorations obviously I have
a couple of each one but this is all of
them laid out yay and these ones I
particularly like and nice as well so
come Christmas time these are the
decorations you will be seeing us put on
our tree unbeknownst to Alfie my mum's
arrived and we were just here my full of
another table leg
um and my mom's never actually seen
Alfie's first video so it's really funny
not like I need to film this what it was
for me dinner some of his friends
including the little round with an arrow
on he looks about 12 I do each other's
videos a lot you haven't seen them all
you want to see some water
oh yeah you watching Joe Joe
Oh Alfie so we come shopping to
Marks and Spencers my mum is buying all
the reduced flowers
so they excite me
the outfit smoking
did you get some more
no I think you've got enough now
I bet Alfie will want some HAP I just
said have a cardigan says Hass avocado
perfectly right we go get some of that I
like this
let it is that good letters costs
letters little gem sweet and crisp
don't oh I like peppers Alfie doesn't
but I do all these ones I've never had
them oh you know I thought these were
chilies love
look guys as a Halloween section whoo
Boop I like that these come out of the
mouth oh my god you remember these what
mom we used to always get these the
jelly oh my god
yeah which is stockings that's funny
look at these like what are they koulos
a bird sweets happy Halloween
what are they brains and stuff so just
got back from shopping and I decided to
put these lights up around the bed I
don't really like them I mean it doesn't
really go with the rest of the deck off
but I don't really care I really really
like them so cool I supposed to eat
Christmas lights but I feel like these
could be all year round every occasion
every festivity lights love them good
morning it is officially the first day
of autumn today my mum is still here and
we are heading into town this is
actually my mum's Minnie we're both mini
lovers
yes we're always a reckon that the minis
and even though it's the first day of
autumn person is shining so we were like
oh we can just put the heating on and
take the roof off may as well make the
most of it but we're just heading
towards the sea now and then our main
mission is to go to home sense because
my mum shares the same joy in home
things as me and thankfully she also
shares joy in like all to me and
Halloweeny and Christmasy themed item
when I showed her my Christmas
decoration oh it's just a shame we can't
put the bathroom and I was like thank
God thank God someone isn't going you're
crazy but yeah the beautiful day
this is Nelly Furtado isn't it listen to
M le for a while
it's official christmas has arrived in
homestead
and
I'm being strike
so a mom's gone home now and it's just
me and Newton Allah bear I managed to
pick this little jumper up for her
in-home sense and it is the cutest
she loves I'm not just saying this I
mean I know people have opinions on pain
clothes on dogs but she gets really cold
when it gets cold out and she when we
take her off the torch she just kind of
stands and shivers um and she I don't
know if any of you ever had a thunder
jacket but it's kind of like a really
thin tight jacket for dogs
why do I feel like someone's staring at
me right now
I've got like super paranoia when I say
here on my own um and it's like tight
it's like a tight jacket for dogs for
them to wear during a thunderstorm to
make them feel kind of more secure I
guess because it's very tight and it
kind of feels like they're getting a hug
I think jumpers have the same effect on
Nala because whenever we put one on her
she is the most subdued chilled dog like
she just loves it like she's still
really happy and like runs around but
she just I don't know she's just like a
more chilled version of herself and she
is quite a needy dog so I'm wondering if
she just feels like she's constantly
being wrapped up in a blanket when we
put it on her but anyway this is what it
looks like
it's like knitted with little toggle and
it has two mini toggles here and here
and this is really soft I don't know if
this runs all the way inside no it's
just to there so it's just the color um
but she's asleep right now but we're off
to poppy and Shaun's
ah should we go to pop in Shaun's shall
we go there we gonna shake off your
sleep oh you look so freaking cute
right now shall we go and see poppy
Shaun yeah come on then come on she's
like come on let's go ma'am let's go
mommy
I've also been sending video messages
like videos in text messages to Anna to
Jonathan we've got like a group chat and
Amelia Amelia's been like speaking to me
through video chat which is so sweet and
I'm gonna take over something for dinner
because I'm not eating yet now if any of
you know me you know that one of my
favorite things is the halloumi and
hummus burger from bills so I said I can
bring over the ingredients for that
because I was going to bake it bake it
cook it for myself and my mum but my mum
left just before dinner so so I thought
it would be nice to kind of take over to
poppy and Sean's I think Poppy's already
got that dinner prepared because she's
super organized but Sean's up for so if
I get the ingredients out and then I
will show you what I put in it okay so
this is essentially all we put in it
it's like a nice crusty roll the
halloumi which is instead of like meat
so it's not that's kind of instead of
the burger her murse for some reason we
have three little ones instead of a big
pot some roasted red pepper and some
spinach and it is honestly the nicest
thing in the world it's amazing
especially with chip but I'm not
actually that hungry this evening so I'm
going to take that over
and because poppy and Sean have just
moved into their new place I've got them
a little card and I bought kind of like
a wee hot pop or a Top of the Pops
earlier because I was on the front and I
was like oh this is interesting because
I never really know what's going to be
in the magazine and it came with loads
of free stickers so I just stuck them
all on there um so there we go
card take that hello so I didn't
actually finish that clip because I went
to pop here in Sean's and I felt really
anxious and just didn't really film I
also cut my finger look at that look at
that you can't see it but it was a
really big cut and it was on a really
sharp knife because they got new knives
because they just moved in if I do I
like go into so much detail about
everything well I wanted to do with just
I
this video properly and say hope you
enjoyed the festivity that you just
witnessed in this last 20 minutes um I'm
going to say I'm organized I'm not going
to say I'm Christmas upset
I am Christmas obsessed though that's
that's the thing isn't it that's for
sure thing anyway I'm going to just flog
without any festivity now I'm gonna make
it my mission I can't keep on
I've still got three months you're
joking I joined downstairs and we've got
a bloomin bowl on our table and spiders
on it that's the Halloween no that's not
Christmas Halloween ice - no so festive
season hello Eve Halloween is actually
next month almost this month so that
your guitars out on the table oh we need
some words about our nectarine so shut
up yeah we've got normal anyway anyway I
hope you enjoyed this festive video
don't keep poking my tummy button your
belly button love you guys are you doing
but yes I do shaped really didn't love
them he's such a little liar you all
right oh oh
cuz cuz what cuz I think didn't you
didn't you tell me you have the shits
all over himself in the shower are you
on about what are you on about
whom I lost my last knot when you had
the bed I did it
do you did that again rejected the
scared dickless Jana you're a grown
adult and so am I get away go go away
fight I'm ending this vlog without
wiring your camera
no one poon know what we stop ok I'm
going by one hmm
bye guys
