there we go hello everybody I'm filming
this on my kind of everyday vlogging
camera so I apologize if this isn't a
bit weird I feel weird because normally
I set up a camera like this on a tripod
and it's my big old like 70d and this is
just my little canon g7x but it's
learning for this video I'm gonna get
comfy why not I like filming in my
office at the moment my office is a
little bit of like a dumping ground for
everything that doesn't quite fit into
our house because alfie is a neat freak
and when things are kind of like
downstairs without place it really
freaks em out so in my office there's
always a place for everything there
technically isn't but I have like a lot
of baking things that I need to kind of
find homes for I have some like autumn
themed things I have some Halloween
decorations just general things that
don't really have a place yet a lot of
beauty samples that I want to take
photos of etc etc which is why I found
this little corner but semi tidy part
from this rubbish so exciting news you
may have already guessed by the title of
this video and you could well be
trimming at the screen hurry up I just
want to see it I just want to say to
burn up so I'm sorry for that um it's
very hot here
traffic leave as some of you may or may
not have already seen I have some new
products and the Christmas range which
is you know just for Christmas kind of
Christmas gifting range has kind of been
dotted in a few super drugstores
it's like a testing phase I don't
actually know the proper way to explain
it to you but it's just something that
happens with Christmas gifting where all
the Christmas gifts get I think it was
only in 100 stores to kind of test shelf
space or test something so that's what
happened and I knew you guys would spot
it um they're kind of marketing strategy
around it was like maybe no one will see
it and I was like that ain't gonna work
everyone's gonna see it and they're not
just gonna see it they're gonna post it
and I kind of like hey what I really
liked about it though was you guys are
like super truck I've posted this but
you haven't announced it yet that's so
naughty I was like no that's not less
ways to be doing um but that's just how
cute you guys are I just noticed I have
a dead succulent on my desk have I
killed a succulent I just I can't have
plants I really can't
I'm gonna have to start buying fake
succulents that is terrible so the
Christmas range a lot of you've already
seen as well I'm not actually going to
talk about that today though I'm talking
about one that's kind of stayed fairly
more low-key and that is some new
products that I am putting into the
original collection so these are going
to be available past Christmas they're
going to be available in 300 stores from
now some of you may have already seen
them I believe they were in the Brighton
store I actually went into the bright
and Sprite install with my mum on
Wednesday and they didn't have them I
was like damn it Wednesday was
technically the official launch date
although I think today is officially the
day when everything is in so these are
going to be available past Christmas
these are not limited edition Christmas
range and yeah I'm going to show you
them and talk you through them because I
know that you guys really like the video
I did on my tutti-frutti range and I
just
sitting down and chatting them through
with you and rather than it be a kind of
really formal main channel video that
not everyone is going to be interested
in I thought I would put it on my second
channel so that those of you that are
interested can click it and it's not so
I don't know I just feel like my second
channel is less intimidating right let
me get you the products but as with all
the product ranges these have been in
development since the start of the year
I believe maybe even last end of last
year
everything is so kind of done eight
years ago and it's so hard for me
because I'm so used to being able to
share everything with you guys like
straight away through like vlogging and
like Instagram and Twitter and it's so
unnatural to me to be working on things
even now I'm working on collections for
next year and it just feels so weird
that I can't share them with you like
straightaway I'm rambling so I'm going
to get started there are seven seven I
knew it was seven I just had to make
sure it actually had seven down here
there are seven and new things to the
collection one of which is a new design
bag it's slightly bigger it's something
that we wanted because although I love
the kind of little coin purses and I
loved the original bags where were they
I do have some some one my room is
basically a shop for my products right
now so although we have this size which
I love personally because I feel like
it's a really good size for travel
makeup or pencil case this is actually
one of my favorite bags it suggests a s
one with the copper little dots on and
then you've got this one which actually
is proving to be quite popular because
of the size it's very easy to put in
your handbag I have one of these in my
handbag that I keep little bits and
pieces in so like bobby pins pens
receipts little things like that which I
find really useful so it's a really
useful size bag but I do feel like there
was definitely room for us to have a
much bigger bag for kind of weekend's
away or putting all your makeup into
like on your vanity or dressing table or
kind of travel like a wash bag more I
suppose so we had
two new designs the first one is this
one and it is a creamy white with polka
dots so yeah we've added this basically
this color to the original collection it
has this cloud method and then I take
the cardboard out and then inside it's
this really lovely copper and I just not
copper coral like peachy coral and I
just really like this size this size I
feel like is going to be very useful for
a lot of people an alternative if you
didn't like that style is this one which
is very similar to the Queen purse but
bigger so if you have this one of your
like I want to have both then you've got
a bigger one which has got the kind of
sketches on it and I do really like this
I also really love the smell of this
it's it reminds me of the smell of
armbands and it's got a little handle I
I don't know I just I personally really
love this shape and style and it's
nothing that we've had before so very
excited this one I kind of feel like is
my favorite bag ever and that is a huge
statement so as you guys know I love my
colors I actually haven't warm colors in
a while
oh wait no yeah I have I do when still
um so it was only right to have a cute
little lace color purse Peter Pan lacy
collar purse navy blue shiny with this
really lovely pretty design look at that
so pretty and again it's a similar size
to this flan which I know a lot of
people who are very excited to be using
this and I also really want to see you
guys doing like pictures like imagine
all your cute photos on Instagram and
stuff like hey check out my color my
goodness I'm just so excited okay
I got to talk about the one I'm most
excited for I feel like this is my
favorite thing out of all these new
things added to the original collection
I love everything about this I love the
packaging I love the product I love
everything I mean I do love all of it
obviously otherwise I wouldn't have it
but this is just something I was really
really excited for it is hand cream I'm
just going to show it to you up close
because I love the illustration Oh
focus I love the illustration on the box
like I I wouldn't want to throw this
away I really like it
hand cream also as you open it it says
be the best version of you and then here
it says hi bye
um la la so the actual product inside
the box does look a lot more similar to
the original collection it's got this
kind of coppery packaging and a little
black lid this is the sort of packaging
I just look I just went as knowledge
here asleep on the floor I had no idea I
love this kind of packaging for hand
cream it just feels really nice I like
it I just really like this this is an
amazing product if I say so myself and
it does a great job and it smells
amazing by the way these these things
all smell like the original collection
which is still one of my favorite scents
it's hard with cents because not
everyone is going to love the same scent
and that's I mean that's just a given in
life isn't it you could love one perfume
and your friend could be like Oh what
are you wearing stinks get away from me
um but I just I just love this smell so
much so I'm really happy that it yup
love that love love love love love all
the next thing is such a cute item I
just don't really know like how I'm
gonna bear to open this but it is the
zoella soap pop fragrance soap on a
stick and this is what it looks like I
really wanted to have a soap um but I
just kind of feel like a lot of soap
just looks really boring so we made this
a little bit more interesting
also has like a little kind of question
/ statement I guess this one says my
favorite food is and the answer is on
the other end of the stick so when you
finish when you finish it you'll find
out the answer although most of you
probably already know the answer to that
to be honest but yet same scent it also
has a really lovely like marbled effect
I'm sad that I don't have this is the
only one I have right now I do have an
order coming otherwise I would open this
and show you but this is the only one I
have right now so I'm not going to open
it but it has a really lovely kind of
coral marbled effect running through it
kind of like pretty I mean it's a soap
so it does what it's supposed to do it
smells amazing and it's cute next thing
mmm-hmm is a tinned solid fragrance so
it's the blissful miss for the original
scent and it's a solid fragrance which I
really really liked the idea of because
um I know that with the mist as it's not
actually a perfume although the
percentage of scent in it is a lot
higher than a lot of mists I wanted I
wanted people to feel like they had
something a little bit more special than
just kind of your average mist which is
why it was in a glass bottle but I also
made it a little bit inconvenient to
have in your bag or at school or just
thrown in your pencil case or you know
if you drop it you've got pretty high
risk of it being completely broken so
having a solid fragrance like this just
means it's so much easier for you to
kind of apply scent on the go
um so well it's in this really cute
little heart-shaped tin let me show you
up close the girl and again it smells
like the original fragrance it doesn't
like a lip balm so I'm just going to
throw this out there it's not a lip balm
and then you kind of just rub it on here
and then just apply and you'll smell
delicious and then the last thing is
something that I am also really excited
about I I love room
sense I love room sprays I love candles
and I love read diffusers I actually
have one in here one in the bathroom
over there one in my living room I have
them kind of everywhere and this is a
reed diffuser I have a reed diffuser
which is very very cool
it's called hey roomie oh my goodness I
haven't read out to you what their cool
hand cream is wonder hand soap is soap
pop solid fragrances solid fragrance and
bags don't have names this is hey roomie
um it's in a really lovely glass drop
drawer in a really lovely little glass
jar and it comes with the reeds and it
has a little bow on the glass this has
been in my living room now I don't know
whether you would have seen it in the
background of videos I sometimes do
leave massive clues out for you guys you
should definitely be a lot more aware of
what is in the background of my videos
um I've had one of these in my living
room now if I like the past four months
and it's still going strong
probably not as strong as it was but
it's still there the room still smells
of it so I'm really really really
pleased with that it has to go through a
lot of testing so yes
how cool is that it's just something a
little bit different but it's also
something but I wanted because you know
how I'm all about kind of this cozy I
mean the whole reason I came up with a
range like this was because I wanted you
guys to have something that you can kind
of create this really relaxed
environment whether that is having a
bath or whether that is kind of a scent
of the room or just kind of the
aesthetic I suppose which is why I
really like the idea of a reed diffuser
because um I mean everyone can use a
reed diffuser but it's it's also just
that kind of lovely kind of decorative
finishing touch and it makes your room
feel nice cozy relaxed it's a nice
environment and that's the fibers going
for so those are the new pieces to the
original collection they are all
available now I'm very excited they
should be in 300 stores and
yeah I'm sweating very hot in here
I have other products lined up so if
there's something that you were hoping
to see in this collection there's no
saying that it might not be in another
one and they will also be available on
feel unique comm which obviously ships
internationally for those of you who
might want to get them in a different
country so let me know in the comments
which one you are most excited for I'm
super interested to see which ones you
kind of immediately want to go out and
buy so don't forget to tag me so I can
see I'm always going through my
Instagram always I love you guys very
much um I hope you're just as excited as
I have and I will resume with normal
vlogging until the Christmas gifting
range video bye see me and I can go on
my break it oh oh
