come on guys it's the next day I got
myself a little funny little hair again
basically haven't done anything to my
hair this morning yet I have done my
makeup though which feels weird because
the rest of me is not done what am i
doing
help me NOLA but when I say that
gnarley' is literally like a shadow she
really is just a shadow I'm gonna leave
my camera on the side and you can watch
how she won't leave me alone in ever
pictures ever wherever I am she has to
be with me which is the cutest thing
ever and it's one of the things I love
about her so much it's also so annoying
when I'm trying to do something like
I've been trying to edit my video this
morning and she's either just laid
across the keyboard so I can't do
anything on my laptop or she's been on
my lap or she's been licking my face or
I don't know everything I can't now
she's licking my feet right let's put
the camera somewhat and you can watch
what I mean
Oh obviously
logical thing is I hear a noise it's
someone in my house
I've just finished filming my QA there's
a little setup oh uh um just to let you
guys know I'm currently wearing black
cherry lipstick by Revlon and it is a
great tube for Glastonbury and much
cheaper
although the staying power isn't as
great but that's what you get if you
don't depend as much on a lipstick but
just letting you know because I'm
wearing it now and I actually think it
looks very similar okay I don't know how
I'm ever gonna edit this video because I
rambled so much um I always do this with
Q&A is pretty sure it's at 40 minutes
long
why do I always do this I just can't
give like short answers to anything I
feel like I always need to talk talk
talk and talk
I'm also very hungry and we don't really
have any food in the house because we
got back from the tree house and then we
went out for our fees birthday for a
meal and then last night we got back and
ordered food so we still haven't had
time to go out and buy anything
alvey's in town right now though so I
did tell him that I would really love it
if he popped into my house and Spencer's
and grab some food but I don't know if
he'll remember to do that I've got a
Maitre I've got to meet up today which
is with the competition winners of the
girl online paperback competition and
we're going to go decorate cakes in the
angel food bakery in the lanes so I'm
really excited about that I'm also so up
for cupcakes right now and it's been a
while since I'd a good old cupcake has
it probably probably not actually right
Missy she's been in her pen haven't you
you been a good girl in your pen this
pen is so good guys um we just felt not
mean putting her in the crate because
dogs actually do love their crates
they're kind of like a doggy bedroom but
there just wasn't really any space for
her to play while we need her to be
contained contained with I say that like
I mean it's for her house training
purposes because she's not been very
good at it recently but she won't go if
she's in her crate but I do feel like
the crate isn't good for kind of if we
need to be upstairs and she needs to be
down here behaving so the pen is kind of
like a good alternative because she can
still like play in there and she's got
her water and like her shoes and stuff
so that's always good at she won't go
for the toilet in the in the pen either
so we're kind of trying her in there I
just know if I didn't put her in the pen
just now while I went to film she would
I would have come downstairs to appear
on the floor she's so naughty and so I'm
going to start editing the video now not
allowed you to go outside of the toilet
I think so I think she does okay bye we
are now at the angel sweets bakery
cupcake place and we're all doing
fondant icing there's everybody that's
like the cameras lab was good these are
what I've done so far I think everyone's
gone for a really cute vibe and done
terrifying Halloween ones I did put some
glitter on the skull so there we go
what have you got you've got really
pretty flowers amazing the good of it
this is Billy
they've never gone wrong they look great
Carrie what have you got Oh still at a
pretty bad
long time ago yeah love it love it what
we got going on here okay love that and
we've got a sea theme I like that at the
beach I get I get you ready to go when I
close it yeah
okay what have we got here just their
right hand or look at the strawberry I
like that what's that ours yeah oh love
it now they're all some Oreos over there
hmm okay coming around a light keep got
some strawberries and some buttons been
doing whatever three Anna
I like the bun so they look keep coming
round oh how cute
I love to keep on like every color like
you've gone nice and like symmetric no
no nice like it like that and you've got
some nice ones
Oh another little bows that's not taste
good
what have you got here oh you've made
like a little that's a play my signs but
never dice awful I'm gonna turn em
together like a good guy so and then you
stabbed him yeah I like those oh that
called a little Legos nice what have you
done here it's a little big oh that's so
cute is epic yeah what a governor yeah
my mum would love that she loves
pictures like those very sexy oh I love
how you've gone all out with the glitter
I love that they look really really
pretty amazing okay and what have you
got here my themes like Shakespeare
peace agreement I like the fish
Matthew has the best accent ever he's
come from Wales where he's like no
amazingly
very exciting I can't I need something
else that's kind of scary but small
maybe a heart a fox foxes that can
actually be quite scary find a half Oh
where's a cat you're right cats
Halloween I think most best to do is if
we leave what your decorations on the
boards and just push them I'll take them
out of the box put them in front of you
and your boxes on a chair Maja's okay so
I put the icing on the cake
Heather got vanilla red velvet and troll
yo mm I don't normally make chocolate
cupcakes actually I always go for
vanilla it is really our favorite flavor
red velvet yeah I've never actually
attempted to make red velvet loan
so really whichever hand is not using
attention at the top is just to guide it
so you want this hand to be as loose as
possible you don't want to be squeezing
here at all people do have their own
personal technique technique so if you
can't do it there's an easier way for
you to do it go ahead that's fine as
well there's no right or wrong here
really
okay so I'll show you them is Timothy
piping technique them so you want to
start from the very outside of your cave
go all the way around quite slowly and
working your way into the middle with a
nice point on top like that
as well so that's mr. whippin his pain
the other one which is really pretty and
is actually slowly easier to do than
this one because you're not having to
build it up in that sort of 3d technique
it's called the rose swirl we use this a
lot Heron because it's quite easy we can
it and it's it's slightly prettier and
opening than that so it's similar again
what you want to do is stop the middle
and work your way out but you're staying
at a low level so you're going to start
from the middle and really tight circles
almost on top of each other and that's
the rose swell bird so it's really
pretty and again it's almost better for
decorations like there's any large
decorations you don't have to stick on
top you can just lay it straight on top
there but really get as creative as you
want to let me just get some more demo
tape hmm so there are loads of things
you can do and get creative do whatever
you want and there are things like I
don't know really this has a name I call
it the hedgehog you just do just go
around okay can do little sort of star
shapes all the way around you can do one
big one in the middle anything you want
you can do lines all the way around and
what I would say is don't build them up
too much because they did you will need
to close the lid on your cakes and you
don't want to squish it down so try and
keep it out of lowest level and the
other thing I can show you is I'm using
a palette knife it is quite difficult so
I would just stay with the piping bag
but I will show you
so you just want to get get your icing
your buttercream frosting on we're going
to do smooth it round into a cream you
will need to use the table to this
because you want to keep your palate
knife which is this as clean as possible
so you're going to smooth it around to a
nice angle so can you do that stuff like
cut cones upwards into the middle you're
going to cut the top off move it around
again and then twist with a for a nice
swirl like that as well yes if that
one's quite hard but used to pull enough
where ever you want to do if you'd
rather just have a smooth top to it
that's fine as well
the more you handle your cakes the more
that the more pressure you have on the
cases and more likely your pegs and to
come out of their cases so try not
handle a team up don't you
this is one you should have taken your
you're right that Tonya that answers
your question Kerry this is okay these
are my finished cupcake okay how'd it go
these are Billy's finished cupcakes they
look amazing
which one's your favorite which one's
your favorite that one I like that one
the best as well very good
Tanya looking very good
everyone's look great everyone's looks
great English forgotten English nice mmm
is that made out of the same stuff as
with the space I think so they're kind
of like a curry spaceship
I like wow my sauces one then oh good
well done some very talented people in
here by the way look at our full aprons
yay my god I have a sticker online or
way it is Zoe sugg on it are you all
happy of your cupcakes yeah kind of
yummy yummy
look at these these are delicious
are you hungry are you hungry okay good
we're all just having tea and look who
roxor hello crash the t5 okay okay when
we literally just sitting down eating
lunch popping short and I was and then
we were going to get putting another no
way let's go around the corner still the
cakes - wow it's really bright are you
gonna have any cakes or popular
definitely run away yeah bye guys thank
you so much for coming have you all had
a nice time yeah okay good and enjoy
your cake - carry on myself just in
traffic and she's just pointed out that
this is the chili festival of which
people come from all around the world to
eat really spicy chili Louie why aren't
you here this is your dream first of all
it's the chili fest all amazing
hello hello how's your day been then so
productive so good I'm tired
good
me too I have to say that was one of
family she's like we are not in it I
have to say that was one of the nicest
meetups I've done ever I know I think
knowledge farted did you smell out oh it
was only one breath I know there wasn't
that many people there I think that's
what made it so nice because it felt so
much more intimate and I got to speak
with everybody and everybody had as many
photos as they wanted and we got to make
cupcakes and it was just so so lovely
and I've checked back on everyone's
Twitter's and they've all had a really
good day which makes me even more happy
so did you think it looked cute when you
came in really cute I like that one
sequence
yeah the aprons and customi French oh
I've got one yeah yeah let's reset and
but yeah i reaiiy wanted to do more of
those like more little kind of into you
guys know so he wears a wig left when
you they'll be too soft Thanks
all right you might know I'll be beard
isn't real it is real it's a blue one my
pants not real either
you made Israel so beautiful this is to
come hello gobby up oh oh oh oh mom
guess what we call good gosh it on my
leg
literary cinema a girl gets a chair
she's are we gonna guess what we've got
today I can't guess what your thoughts
cupcakes
I made mine Halloween themed oh yeah I
saw there that little skulls on them and
stuff
glittery white skulls but yeah all in
all Wow all in all it's been a great day
you know what was on actually the chili
festival where people eat Chili's and
they do like tree eating contests and
it's literally like lots and lots of
spicy food no I know I said in my video
I was like oh my god Louie want yeah why
aren't you at the chili fest more eating
chilies just so extreme are you gonna
ever move those off the ceiling
why don't you do those great words that
you put string on because no come on
Metro media that went up last night it
looks like 52 if you want to go check it
out we're not lost nine not for that fun
you guys are gonna mean them another
money video that went out last night you
want to check out my youtube channel ah
what there's balloons yeah they're for
my video when he was we're watching
exercise but not pray you could I guess
and it still just goes on me we're
watching X Factor boot cap ow
I was watchin anyway let me get in the
bed with you so just film Simms and now
this is one thing that me and Alfie do
do a lot we've not looked is she's a
perk and she's got creases you just have
to get in here good girl look at the
little nook little bets because if you
didn't know pugs have like a little
crease here let's show them a little
crease do you see it enough in there
which is weird
have a little forward they have to clean
inside yes as well we don't really ever
show like the grooming part of having a
dog or putting her to bed or anything
really picking up her poop no she's been
such a good girl that um she used to
hate this time to take the day off
Oh
all of a while having this little one by
my feet always um you might be a bit
confused why I'm in this bathroom and
not the normal one that we use I just
like getting ready in that one because
none of alphas stuff is in them whoa
okay it's dark there we go because none
of Alfie stuff is in there it's
literally just my stuff so I prefer to
come in here but this is actually the
spare room
look how lovely and cozy that la thing
looks this is where I filmed my video
earlier I'm going to go and do another
cleanse on my face with my micellar
water I'm then going to put the Sunday
Riley lunar serum on and then I think
I'm just going to watch a couple of
YouTube videos and go to sleep by the
way guys if you've ever wondered where
this tree is from its from next and I
bought it last year but they do have it
in this year my little um jar is from
HomeSense
it's actually really lovely I really
like it and I've got my little leaves
candle I got these from next home these
from next home so these two cushions and
I also got this from home scents so
that's my little kind of autumn II set
up I guess it is very cozy and I love it
a lot and yeah I'm gonna go now but
