good morning everybody it's a normal day
normal life resumes living in a normal
house and not in an epic tree house
which I'm most sad about that oh well
can't all be Tarzan May today I thought
would vlog because this a nice day
it actually looks very sunny outside I
was getting all excited for autumn and I
was getting out my jumpers and now it's
like summer again so I'm just rolling
with it I'll go with it it's fine
so I've got my little got a little play
suit on today I think this is from
Topshop I will leave a link in the
description box for any of you who might
want to go check it out my bag is from
whistles it's a little rucksack that
Ozzie got me and my lipstick is Rimmel
107 and my nails are elegant touch I
really really like these this morning um
the postman rang the door and rang my
phone oh hey hi how you doing nice to
catch up with you that didn't happen
he rang the door and this was delivered
which is one of the struggling parcels
that I was subscribed to finale' this
one is pooch pack butch back I think I
subscribe to this one and I can't
remember what the other one was gold
woof box that's right okay so we have
fish skin cubes mmm
whitefish and potato biscuits strawberry
and apple and duck breast Phillips so
it's not a hat how funny to me we have
actually been advised not to give her
too many different treats so I and this
was obviously after I'd subscribe to all
these blonde and pet subscription boxes
which come every month full of truths
for the dog but I suppose in a small
concession it's fine it just means that
we can have a lot of treats and I know
that fish skin and fish is good for dogs
but personally I cannot stand the smell
of fish treats buzz and Nala both used
to have one Ollie used to have
we have many more buzz still has them
fish skins and they love them but now
likes to eat her treats on you and
unless you want to spend the rest of the
day smelling like scaling rank stinky
fish then it just doesn't go down well
if she took it off and ate it on a
hardwood floor that we can clean not
honor I see the problem is is a sheets
of a carpet the rug or the sofa it
instantly smells of fish oh and it's a
bit of a nightmare so when we give her
fish it's like Oh like it's good for her
it's good for her teeth and coach and
hair and whatnot but it's dead broken
stink and fish is one of the smells you
know how like some people just have like
a weakness to a smell that really just
isn't good for me that's fish so if
you're in a restaurant and someone
orders fish I'm like okay breathe
through the smell of fish just can't
stand fish how many times the said fish
I'm reckoning a lot hey we're going into
town with puppy at Shawn and Alfredo
NOLA where are you Elba you are we just
having a little nap I'm gonna put Nala
in her playpen which so far is actually
going down really well we've had no
accidents in the playpen so the people
that say to you don't worry
past five months there'll be no
accidents inside all dogs it's the same
for all dogs and like no it's really not
as a line this one who's and we
sometimes inside and it's very
frustrating off for a year so we're
currently trying to get some petrol and
it's
oh station is always an absolute
nightmare there's a massive Tesco
band-like parked in the middle so we had
to go around the outside there's traffic
queuing out into the actual road and
they'll be having to stretch the thing
right over its drop zone at 37 P
let me go to a funny angle
how
gang petrol is one of my favorite things
anyway let alone when it doesn't
flooding work
we've changed thingy I move fast with
change pumps seems to be working it's
very hot oh my god
summer is back I look like I'm just
wearing pants oh we can smell his
barbecue
great town now and without being at
Hopkins Sean just follow shameless
tonight because I don't know I'm
actually done oh yeah although time is
really messy
I'm very unimpressed oh dear town I
would tidy them but it's not the right
stand never let chairman zone this yeah
always running out of what we weren't a
nice bit less in it everyone's going to
town on a Saturday so my talent I dunno
appease tidying up your son time oh I'm
gonna get you some more sales there's
not many of these left do you want to
spritz I'm gonna have a little spritz
you can save a pound right now guys
bargain bargain right should we go boots
I'm really hungry stuff down there as
well
freon salmon on the neck this is like
the little like you to be section love
it love it just met lots of UNC struck
you are all very lovely and polite and
lovely now we're in BHS we want to go
some with lunch but we're not sure where
it's going to be
it's like accommodating as in have room
or not be a massive kid but I think
we're feeling what we feel it launched
to cafe coho no it's so busy
oh my god I know none of us have eaten
yet today which is really margin so
we're really hungry now how could you
remember when I first used to come to
Brighton to visit you we would always
have a look from here yeah it'd have to
be a little square a bits of potato yeah
so you get there so sunny today
should we go down towards cafe coho and
just see I feel like if we've got some
sense of direction then we're all good
we've managed to find this is very short
very defined a penguin cafe Cody and I
have gone for the free-range scrambled
egg with a sausage hot web show
pesto scrambled eggs avocado Rosso
trademark items on them
pumpkin Shh
as I said I just thought I would show
you and things like oh yeah doing a
little cause I've got a little Real
Techniques miracle complexion sponge
because I've been really enjoying
sponges right now got some black nails
elegant touch of aki-nee oh yes
some like rose gold copper nails yes
some deodorant and these ones which are
like kind of matte blue like really
talking to just look at your hair looks
great by the way
yeah for me as well yeah I made papi buy
one copy goes in to buy like one head
literally Shawn one hand you gonna put
them on now wanna see the Sun why have
you got big thumbs big old thumbnails
gonna embarrass ya pop you up for really
nice looking everywhere
oh that really nice it will fit nice all
they look really pretty out there so I
like these ones the best look at these
ones I gotta say look at these bears my
yeah they are really nice and a good
touch of the ones I've got on now but
these are a different shape these are
like round
I've got square ones on right now I
don't actually buy any square ones oh
wait yes I did yeah I got these one
hello
square-shaped watching to paint so you
can literally have the remove caesium
yeah thank you we actually on the phone
someone literally from ER 24 hours
Sacramento
no sure how strong your green tea oh how
cool poppy smoothie is I really like
with the metal get so cold it is very
good for ice cream
maybe good for everything
it's companies we just in the street but
let's someone's got a bubble machine
like coming out of their window so
there's like showing your vinolas she
would love it let the bubbles bubble but
that from Finding Nemo okay you guys
don't know any film come on zombies are
are that's from and then like from yeah
I don't get it I've got really good
long-term memory jar yeah oh and Joe
there's someone you got a memory I'll be
short-term memories like this oh great
dad looks so nice in our house sexy we
need to discuss me a meeting what is
this so hold of it talk to about our
relationship something can't see me
anything
yeah what is she doing
propose to you in heels clear inception
right look around let's make some toxins
come on yell tak dum ah looks like Kevin
let you know that see you hang on the
wall
that she'll know it still it's very
strange
let's make ginger successful mission
accomplished
Oh scary
already solve and O's
oh my god the lanes are so freakin busy
look down look down don't look them in
the eyes we're just looking for some
furniture we're in a furniture land papi
this chair so cute is 25 pounds look
happy I like that one you'd have to get
it recovered though also guys while we
were in Bluebird they gave me this which
is so sweet so they wanna see had it
pine and they've put they've given me a
little alert for the cold guys oh uh
what is that is it a spot or is it
lipstick I forgot I was vlogging today
didn't I also just edited my vlog from
the last three days of being went tree
house which took me three hours no oh
four hours no yeah four hours look there
was quite a lot of footage there was
over an hour of footage so I've managed
to get it down to 35 minutes but don't
ever know what the other 25 minutes is
like you know when you cut video down by
quite a lot you're like but what was the
other stuff like I don't know how it
ever came to over an hour anyway I've
just ordered myself a little cheeky Agra
Mama's cuz I do level wagon bombers I
think I'm a bit obsessed you know how I
go through phases with stuff and get a
bit obsessed with it and for a very long
time it was Domino's then it was pizza
face now it's wagamama and only the
katsu curry and the chicken geyser um we
should probably be cooking more I know
that but it's now ten plus eight and
sometimes it's just easier to order
something than to go out and buy food
and then cook it it's very lazy um we're
going to start cooking soon we have to
I've made it my mission
I have a 16 on my hand if any of you
have watched one of tans newest videos I
don't know if it's going to be her
newest one when I upload this but she
uploaded a video about it so going over
to town channel to see why I have 16
written on my hand and yeah I'm gonna go
downstairs now and sit with Alfie and
watch x-factor but first I must pee
because I'm desperate just thought you
should know that dear my mam f is tear
my review guys is it pretty much besties
slight you're here with me just don't
care anymore do I also look at Munn guys
I went to my way and then I remembered I
had a placing on and I can't do it
gnarly you're not really helping right
now I'm very desperate for the toy yet
and I'm stuck in my place suit yeah can
you unzip me I'm shaking really lot of
us no no thank you
right away good so just yeah okay thank
you
placing problems at least I got
knowledge ID quit mother quick quick
it's a life or death situation thank
goodness for that
thank goodness Nala I've now put some
comfy clothes on cuz you're not gonna
take off a jumpsuit and put it back on
again are you place it wherever it so
show you them my outfit do that how sexy
is that brighten my day
what are you doing
you're not even walking on anything
what's not she beat you yeah can you
hear it she started like really moaning
you know she loves that Hedgehog what's
really annoying though is that we bought
this power when she when we first got
her do you remember and she literally
shelled it your mum bought her one the
other day and she's literally obsessed
with it
look she's bringing it to me like come
on come on then round to throw any
kitchen oh she gets really annoyed don't
give it to ow
this now for the kitchen all right geez
huh I'll come up there not a girl
