morning everybody it is Bank Holiday
Monday which means this morning myself
and Alfie watched a lot of wallace and
gromit and it I forgot I mean it doesn't
mean that that's not what bank holiday
means but that's what we've done today I
forgot how much I frickin love wallace
and gromit
especially like the old ones they're
just amazing so that's what we did this
morning we were all so woken up to
really loud and thunder and lightning
and really heavy rain and I actually
quite liked it and we're those people
that quite like the setting on the
relaxed app that's rain um so I'm
actually quite nice to wake up to I
quite enjoyed that as long as you don't
have to go out in it I feel like rain
outside is such a cozy thing I also have
this little nugget here hello so nugget
who is obsessed with this squirrel which
is what an abort and I bought like a
little when Nara was a puppy she bought
like a little I don't really know what
to call it like three stock it was a
blow tree stump wasn't it and it had
three of these in and it's kinda it was
kind of like a school it was a yeah it
was there's three of these basically and
you had to you put them in there and the
dog pulls them out but not it doesn't
have the brain skills to pull them out
so we got rid of the tree stump and she
just likes the squirrels and but they
are her favorite so thanks Anna
she's loved them since day one this one
in particular goes everywhere with her I
Oh Alvin Simon and Theodore the
Chipmunks anyway that's not his favorite
squirrel and it was a gift from Anna
when she was a puppy what are you
watching is that a cub it's to walk
oh look a little cold flannel on his
head this is my life oh my god boys
she's so cute right now I love when she
looks up when her heads down but she
looks up it's like sad pug face she's
really tired
she's even let go of I'm gonna call this
one Alvin oh no sorry now last I can go
back to sleep now
I tried to get him it's right no she is
obsessed / attached I think she does
think it's a baby look how she holds it
she like proper holds it with her paws
neither you've styled that hair a lot I
think I think the hair is done now where
you can stop sucking on there guys this
is the struggle we have when we try and
create Nala before we leave mellow calm
she knows hum she knows she's like I'm
on I'm on edge this this is so
frustrating miss supposed to be leaving
now but she's like this is like a game
for her she's like you can't catch me
I'm not going in the crate I want to
come with you there's not come on then
yeah oh my god okay we got her we are
now off to stand the house which we've
been to many times and as you guys have
seen normally in the garden on a sunny
but it's definitely not a sunny day
today so I'm guessing we're inside and
it's a celebrate Alfie's dad's birthday
so I'm very excited here's my little
present I got him a candle and your and
Alfie bought him some shoes
no you forgot to wrap the tattoos I'm
bout to do it now oh oh you're wrapping
you should have just put those in there
Oh realize well waste of our time a suit
as well a masseuse shoot Oh a suit they
like and we've got a masseuse as well
like have we um so yes we're about to
head off and he's gonna be a really
lovely lunch
your grandma's coming as well isn't she
is she yeah I met you about say too
early I'm just a reminder from the works
yeah she's going she she's coming going
coming cool so instead of wearing a coat
I've just gone for a jumper over the top
because it's not actually that cold it's
more just windy so I thought that that
would be very nice I feel very preppy
today with my little you can't really
see my mustard skirt there it is Oh rtd
see the shadows long
away away
night
we're here coming out beautiful this
plane coming out our little oh the
little cows let's damage remember we
film I am autumn lookbook here dude
often there they're having that yeah I'm
so hungry for lunch I hope they've got
that sausage and mash not gonna lie oh
yeah Dremel and I got that massa
yeah Shawn Euler well oh yeah oh he's
got a live cow of my YouTube subscribers
what's on now nine nine one nine seven
oh my god I cut it down rigidly how
exciting what a lot of people it's
putting time
cream pudding this is what I webform
it's the white chocolate creme brulee
with some little chocolate biscuits
look at Poppy's is that sorbet mm-hmm I
hope it's literally just chocolate like
thick chocolate like a mousse that's
nice oh great look sure got some like
little ear plugs I gots my funny where
things fit nice easy pop Alfie has gone
he's gone to Lincoln for a book signing
but myself coffee and Shawn are still at
my house we're going for a walk
oh she's like oh my god you guys are
mental she's gonna go stand by the front
door now but yes well we had the TV on
really loud oh she was excited are you
gonna go see buzz yeah we're gonna see
father ice we probably should be hyping
her up because she literally will have a
heart attack this is what nala does when
we get to the park and we don't out
straight away oh oh my goodness I wanna
be where the people are I wanna see
wanna see him dancing Anala
so annoying we just waked in
I know that our dog behaviorist lady
would not let another out if she was
being like this I guess it's like the
same as if we pulled up with a toddler
next to a children's play park and we
said you can't out yet but I'd look so
brown uh-oh Nala is it big doggy she's
not quite sure you cheeky little
Madeleine around I've got them on the
long leads because I trust the long lead
I don't trust that I know sometimes
she's pretty good at read but today
she's being a bit mischievous I think is
good she's having a massive run around
oh it's like cat's cradle
you guys back from the park and myself
and Sean are trying to pick a DVD to
watch I'm trying terms is on track so
far we think we might want to watch the
theory of everything and something else
but we don't know this is my DVD
collection by the way I always think
DVDs look so messy do you know I mean I
might put them all into one of those
like flip book things hey what
take a lap yeah I'm looking for your box
da oh well maybe we should watch a
really scary film you're right a pop
what what do you think
what about Honey I Shrunk the Kids um
The Grinch home alone al why not this we
both wanted to watch their theory of
everything but it's like do you wanna do
we want sad I want to watch Paul but no
he's already watched yeah watch Paul
quiet I really didn't want to see that
first me watch that two hours a human
centipede right no I've never seen that
you know 500 days of summer is pretty
good I've never seen When Harry Met
Sally I caught that in here Sally When
Harry Met Sally felt silly out of it
silly Sally what if that silly sell in I
think that my desk is he said that you
want yeah okay thought it fell sick or a
bug's life slightly different yeah let's
go for the theory of everything
let's go let's go a bit more deep and
try for our evening viewing and we've
also ordered a little bit food these
guys have gone for pizza face I actually
haven't ordered pizza face
Molly me is the service film I've ever
seen in my life rather than cinema I
cried not only in the cinema but all the
way home for the fore-end the dog
when I'd never had a dog before um let's
do that was a fun time in fact I've
never cried so hard at a film ever in my
life but as I have to that film yeah I
feel like I'd see it in another light
now now that you've got a dog yeah I
reckon I like when the dog good dog
Shawn Mitchell that Wow like what is
happening Oh someone's at the door
so we decided to go for the theory of
everything which has just started and
the guys have got their pizza which came
in like record speed is it good pizza
but I swear like we are Pizza faces top
customers
I basically order every week girl power
so poppy and Shawn have gone home now
this spot is colossal and I get I think
I feel like through the film it was
getting bigger and bigger and like
robbing you did over the spot does that
it theory of everything was amazing so
incredibly sad oh my god there were so
many times in that film where I was
trying not to cry but it was really sad
and also really amazing what an
incredible man Stephen Hawking is nine
million subscribers it's literally like
the most surreal thing I can't quite get
my head around it I even said this at
five million
any amount of subscribers that I gain it
doesn't ever sink in ever a lot of
people ask me when I when it first kind
of hit me that my channel was big and
that it was successful and and honestly
sometimes I still it still hasn't really
resonated like it doesn't it still
doesn't really quite sit in my mind it's
just crazy to me because I started this
as a hobby not even knowing where
YouTube could go I didn't even know you
could get like a million subscribers
it's just really really amazed
saying that there are so many of you
that watch my videos just little me
living my life doing all these cool and
crazy things and being given these
amazing opportunities or because you
wanted to hit subscribe and watch my
videos and I say this a lot but I hope
you really really know how much I mean
this when I say I am eternally grateful
for all of you that tweet me comment
like the videos meet me at my book
signings buy the books like or just want
to be involved with me on this journey
like that to me is like nothing that
could ever be replaced by anything that
to me is like the best feeling ever just
to know that you have those people that
want to support you and want to watch
your videos and want to be a part of
your life and that is just incredible
because I definitely didn't ever think
this would happen um I started this as a
hobby five six years ago and now this is
my job and this is what I do and I
always say to people since I got my
first Google check of $60 I was like
this is what I want to do and since then
I feel like I haven't worked a day like
I feel like I've not worked today
because I enjoy this so much this isn't
work to me this is this is still the
hobby this is still my hobby that I
started in 2009 and yes there's been
some really cool things like books and
products and a freaking Madame Tussauds
Wax figure but at the end of the day
those are just things that I know I'm
gonna cherish when I'm old and it's
amazing to have those little
accomplishments and all the things that
little Zoey would have absolutely loved
to do but it is still my hobby and it
just so happens to pay my bills and
allow me to live the life I live which I
don't think I will ever quite get my
head around and I still get to make the
videos that
I enjoyed making in 2009 I don't know
why you love my videos so much they're
not high quality they don't have big
production teams behind them they're not
the videos I envisage in my head when
they come out but I enjoy them and I'm
so glad that you do as well and yeah
just thank you thank you to all of you
thank you to you watching this for
making my dreams come true and full
following me and my dreams
that sounded like something from Disney
also never give up I went through a
really hard time at the end of last year
and the start of this year and I very
nearly didn't make a video again and
it's not something I've spoken about
because I'm trying to move on and
recently I've been so much happier and I
think a lot of you can tell there is a
large part of making videos that has to
be because I want to do it and I always
want to do it always I love it so much
and my happiness is also a massive part
of it but when I was contemplating
whether or not I wanted to carry on when
things got a bit hard I was like no like
I have so many people that support my
channel and love the content I make and
just like me for me I just kind of
pictured all your little faces and I was
like no I can't not do this you know so
yeah I'm just I'm really happy and I
love you guys so much more than you will
ever realize so whether you subscribe
right at the start or you've just
subscribed thank you very much really
really thank you cool well that was
little ramble my little 10-minute ramble
nine million every time I hit a million
I'm like that's it now that's going to
stop it doesn't you guys are amazing I
honestly think I have the best viewers
you're all so supportive not only of me
but I I watch how you are with other
people and it just makes me so proud I
feel like a proud mother / sister / best
friend because you're all so polite
you're all so positive and uplifting and
that's not just to me but that's to
other people and it honestly that is one
thing that really really makes me so
happy is how lovely my viewers are
you're just the best the best ever and
thank you like I love seeing when you
guys interact with each other when
someone might send me a tweet that I've
missed about you know some tips for
anxiety or I'm having a tough time in
school someone else will always answer
and say hey I'm here to chat send me a
DM like it's just the nicest community
of people and I am so grateful for those
of you who go out of your way to just be
lovely to other viewers I just think
that is the way forward positivity all
the way I'm just using your voice for
good I like it I like it a lot thank you
anyway
I'm getting very gushy so I'm going to
go now and I'm gonna leave you with
Alvin who literally looks ranked look at
the hair on that that is just rank the
night guys
