good morning everybody today I'm going
to be doing a little vlog for you is
just taken Nala to the vets haven't we
yes we have and why are these on the
floor have you been playing with these
let's pop them back on here
poor little doll things there we go if
any of you are completely out of the
loop
Nala had her spay not last Thursday but
the Thursday before and after hasp a you
got poorly didn't you although we don't
think it was directly linked to the spay
she just had a really bad tummy so now
she's got like shaved bits you do do
rest in your head on my leg oh you're so
cute and she's got a little shaved bit
under her neck and on her legs and then
this side is really super shaved because
she had to have a scan and work out what
was wrong with her but you've been on
antibiotics and she's all good now
touchwood you're much better aren't you
but it has been a very stressful week
because we haven't had her here she's
been staying in the vets so it's so nice
to have her back we got her back on
Friday so I basically just been making
the absolute most of having her back and
it really showed me how much I missed
her and how weird this house was without
her in it which just made me think like
what what were our lives like before we
had Nala look at her just sat at the
window watching out he's outside she
still got her harness on because we
literally just got back from the vet
watching the world go by
she's definitely back to her old self
that's for sure um so Alfie is currently
at the gym I am signing signing signing
I have so many tippin's they're called
tippin's
basically as you guys know I have sold a
limited number of signed editions of my
book and because the book hasn't been
printed yet they send me the front page
to sign so that then I can send those
back and they get put into the book when
the printing process happens so I am
signing those and I have a lot to sign
so it's taking me a really long time
and that is basically what my life has
consisted of a lot of your like where
have you been why haven't you've logged
and it's because every spare minute
I've been either doing something with
Nala or taking her to the vet or
something because she's been so poorly
or signing and that's pretty much it
I've also been completely clearing out
my house of clutter I am quite a clutter
er a clutter aura um
I don't realize I am but I am basically
and because of what I do I get sent a
lot of samples at beauty samples and
makeup samples I'm not even just that
anymore now we get kind of like house
things and things for Nala and very
easily I'm aware that there's too much
stuff so I bought a book called the
magic of tidying which I saw Lily
pebbles tweet about and then watched
esday talk about it in a video and Alfie
actually ordered it for me because I
said something like Alfie would
absolutely love me to read this in my
head I was like obviously I'm not going
to because I don't I mean I don't know I
didn't really think about reading it I
just thought haha that's funny I'm a
really untidy person and Alfie actually
did order it for me and I read it in one
day
and since then I really changed my
perspective on having things in the
house I'm very sentimental I always feel
like everything I'm given whether that's
a free sample or something from a viewer
or something from a friend or a family
member I feel like I have to keep it
even if I've got four of them or I don't
need it or it doesn't go in the house I
always feel like I have to find a place
for it and then before I know it I'm
emptying drawers and I'm like wow I had
no idea I had this much stuff I was
going to film it but I soon realized it
was so ridiculous what you meeting um I
soon realized it was so ridiculous that
I couldn't show you like I was literally
so embarrassed and so ashamed I had let
my beauty and makeup collection gets so
ridiculous so I put it into bags and
bags and bags for charity shops women's
shelters homeless shelters and I've also
let my friends have have a little have a
little nosy so yeah that's what
been doing that's my little my little
rundown of what's been going on and Nala
is feeling much better and constantly
looking for things to eat stop what you
eating no oh oh my goodness she's
actually so this room has been hoovered
millions of times since Christmas she's
found a blooming Christmas tree needle
where was that you should be like a
detective dog or something no a sniffer
dog that's what you should be you should
work at Gatwick or Heathrow and sniff
out the pine needles let's just put that
there
see I'm so instead of putting at the bin
why have I put that there
No
look at this little munchkin sleeping on
me while I'm trying to work on a toy it
oh I just love her so much
Nakano
old patch
look at this big baby
look at this big baby oh this is nice
Nana
you've been carried like a baby is this
your absolute dream she's like don't
disturb me I'm completely relaxed in
this cuddle oh my god
she's just being so cute oh my god think
it oh so bright this is a t-shirt that
literally arrived in the post this
morning and as I was going to talk about
the campaign I really wanted to wear it
because it is for the campaign I'm about
to talk about and I just really like the
t-shirt it's so comfy and lovely um but
uh as you guys may or may not know I
receive a lot of kind of sponsorship
opportunities business opportunities
things come through my email an email
cap every single day 90% of it isn't
something that interests me would sit
well on the channel would benefit you
guys in any way but this was something
totally different and I really really
loved this campaign and I really wanted
to get behind it and share it with you
guys so the campaign is with gap and it
is called girl and the ambassador for
that is Ellen DeGeneres and it's been
created to focus on girl empowerment and
kind of just reppin the females and
basically just telling girls it's okay
to it's okay to do whatever they want to
do which I just thought was amazing
because so often you can kind of get
swept up in this world where you feel
inferior or you feel like you should be
doing something specific or you feel
like you're not doing something right
and it's just a whole campaign support
basically to support girls to be who
they are and to be who they want to be
and I just think that that's really
amazing so it's being done through an
exclusive clothing range which is in
partnership with Ellen as she's just
brought out her own range also and I
just want to show you some of the
clothes because they are so cute let me
find it this is
sir sorry it's easier for me to just
show you the site these are the kind of
stories and it's about empowering girls
you know if you want to be a
skateboarder be a skateboarder and
rocket this is the t-shirt I am obsessed
with and though she be but little she is
fierce William Shakespeare
I'm already hoping that this goes to a
big enough kids size that I can actually
get into it because I love it the three
main themes are confidence and
self-image reaching your potential and
the power of gratitude and with those
three things I feel like girls could
feel so much happier in themselves kind
of just want to read you this because
although I can try and sum up in my own
words and I can kind of add in my own
personal feelings towards it I was
reading this which is kind of a little
bit about the campaign and it really
summed up for me and I loved it so much
so I'm just going to read it to you
because I feel like you guys would
really enjoy this too let's laugh let's
share let's sing out of tune and Cheer
out sync let's speak out loud and listen
closely
let's break hearts and guitar strings
throw karate chops and blow kisses let's
twirl and tumble let's be fearless when
it comes to our future and care less
when it comes to what people say about
us let's strive and succeed are being
true to our friends and ourselves let's
be great and let's be grateful let's
throw kindness around like confetti and
wear confidence like camouflage let's
color in a rainbow and construct a fort
let's wear dresses or jeans or dresses
with jeans
let's skateboard let's dance let's be
the best we can be let's not be anyone
else but who we are let's be strong and
confident fun and fabulous weird and
wonderful pink blue or purple let's be
exactly who we're supposed to be
individually ourselves I just really
really like that I kind of want to print
it out and put it on my wall because
even though this is kind of aimed
towards younger girls he might be going
through a bit of a confusing time I feel
like this is so relatable to a lot of
people regardless of how old you are and
it's so easy to kind of lose yourself in
how you feel you should be rather than
acting upon who you want to be and I
think that's mainly the key message of
this campaign is to kind of is for
people to share their
it says share their personal
achievements share things that they've
always wanted to do but haven't been
able to I haven't felt they can so gap
have created a hashtag which is hashtag
hey world and it's basically basically
to encourage girls to share their
stories and highlight the authentic and
sometimes really emotional narratives
about kind of what it means to be a girl
I'm going to leave a link in the
description box for you guys to go and
over and read a little bit more about
the campaign or grab yourself any of
those clothes if you want to because
every cool I'm really excited to see you
guys using the hashtag and kind of
sharing your positive stories to inspire
other girls and yeah parting words just
because you're a girl doesn't mean
there's anything you can't do 100% high
five love ya what are you doing get it
out my nose explain what your turn
because they just think you're grinding
a wall watch me whip now watch me nae
nae sure that what you're doing
did you get my knots out with knowledge
little boy that she fetches is the
perfect size you put it on the wall like
this look at her looking at me like
she's like mom get off my toys and then
you get it behind your shoulder blade
and you can kind of your face behind the
camera we did this one hold this today
in the gym - oh yeah wow this room how'd
this wait I can't see you and then you
go side to side oh I bet that hurts
and there's some bitches oh let me it
really hurts the board that balls not
too hard though itself when you're on
here then go side to side
it's like crunching yeah it's not meant
to crunches oh no no she said you know
look at her guilty face no no no no no
oh
yes what is it what is it get it I'll
get them touch I'm now at Alfie's my
dad's house with pop and butt-kickin app
and show last night stopped with the
face yes never stop with the faces hey
we just watched a film call the help
whilst I signed this massive pile of
books um and that was really good
actually I didn't see the start but I
really want to watch the start now I
only caught the end why are they both
mocking it's because the Simpsons are
she's so annoyed at the Simpsons
what is it Nala hey it's just the
Simpsons okay they're not gonna hurt you
but this little bald patch we have just
ordered a wagon murmur so I'm very
excited about that
Oh monie all only is it all
oh hello buddy did you want to come and
be on the camera oh you have a tree but
what's wrong
why can't you handle life right now
Luba Jukka no I just wanted something on
acid what did you order
did you do one click buy something in my
boss yeah and I accidentally click yeah
what was it I can't I can't get on I
need to know we all need to know now
it's free three times t TG Bed Head men
master bucks I do need some job what I
must have been at my basket ages ago
three of them
can you cancel it no I generally need
some work so I'm not buying them
eventually anyway
mez well stock up stop barking at the
television burger mama
wagga wagga mama Wagamama don't lick the
packaging
what is this that you're one yeah
something smells fishy fishy
hmm you went to the table fun we found a
little space to hide money look at that
little face it was not good out there
not now you say wild rugged isn't
it always guys
I reckon it'd be instantly amazing
thanks so much
probably oh okay so it's much later on
now and me and Nala bear or chillin
she's so tired
umm I have been at every summer dad's
happiest downstairs I've come up to bed
because I'm so tired
and clearly Nala feels the same so I
think I'm going to go to sleep now but
oh my goodness I'm ending a vlog this
very rarely happens so thank you so much
for watching give the vlog a thumbs up
if you would be so kind don't have to
it's just nice isn't it love you guys a
lot and I'll see you again bracing
