hello everybody a bit of a different
video I was gonna vlog and then I was
like wait I haven't actually shown you
kind of on my vlog channel like I have
with my previous collections all my
Christmas products yet and I've been
seeing all of your tweets and your
instagrams and all your lovely photos
some of you guys are amazing at making
these look so cute in like various
different backdrops and settings and
things and you're really good
photographers I'm always browsing
through and like liking them on
Instagram and stuff and I keep seeing
with lovely photos and it keeps
reminding me that I need to sit down and
chat you through all the products what
they're used for what's in what just so
you guys have a better understanding of
what's available to you at Christmas
time because it is the Christmas gifting
range which does mean it's only
available for Christmas and it's never
gonna be available again just to let you
know in case some of you are like oh I
don't need it now but maybe in February
when I get some no just it's only for
Christmas because that's what Christmas
gifting is which is sad because it makes
it kind of limited but let's try and get
this off I'm gonna pop you on a tripod
and then oh if I can do this with one
hand which clearly I cannot oh okay okay
I'm going to pop you on a tripod and
then I will show you all the different
products properly I'm in my little
autumn room love this room there we go
okay so I'm sat in front of the window
so I've got good lighting because I am
using my vlogging camera because it's a
little bit more of a chilled out vibe oh
this one wants to come up come on then
you'll Quandt eat my products though
okay right sit good girl
oh ho right right right where do I start
okay so firstly if any of you don't know
I have a Christmas range out very
excited about it and we've been working
on it for almost a year I think we
started at the beginning of
year so when it comes to Christmas you
kind of want to make gifting packages so
things that you can buy for a friend
that your nan can buy you for Christmas
that your mom and dad can buy you for
Christmas that you can buy someone else
I mean basically things you'd want to
give and things you might want to
receive and we kept it quite similar to
the classic collection it's the same
fragrance as the classic collection
because that's kind of like the core
collection and then things like tutti
frutti is kind of like summer range and
etc etc so we kept do it kind of similar
to the original packaging but we have
added touches of the turquoise which
came in to the collection which came out
in September which was added things to
the core range so that was like the reed
diffuser basically the last video I did
for new products and then you've got
things like this which obviously has the
same kind of style packaging etc etc um
and I wanted to keep that because it is
like the original scent and a lot of you
guys love it and also it was just nice
to have some of the classic products
together in a set I'm very excited about
it it seems so strange to me still but I
have products out like I walk into
Superdrug and it's like on like this
huge shelf with all the other amazing
brands and they play Christmas gifting
and it's just so exciting I don't know
whether it's because I actually get to
have products out on Christmas like
around Christmas time but it's kind of
the thought that someone else is going
to be opening a present on Christmas Day
that could be my my product it's just
all very exciting so where do I start
I'm just going to talk you through the
products I actually have a blog post as
well which I'll leave um in the top line
of the description of this video and you
can go on over there and see pictures in
depth because I'm just gonna be holding
them up you slip it on my arm
okay I'm just excited about a little bit
I just it all looks so lovely - yeah but
like I don't want
open these in use them I just want to
keep them okay so the first thing
obviously one of the most popular things
is the fizz bars so it was pretty
obvious that I was going to have some
form of fizz bar trio you've got three
together um in lovely packaging got a
little kind of like gold stamp on there
and they are the original scent it's
just a nice way to give them margin
opening this on Christmas Day I wanted
people to have something that they could
then reuse afterwards which is where
barf on beanies came in like bonbons but
not she can't eat them um so the barf on
beanies come in this really cute little
jar but I think it's so nice because you
can keep this after Christmas or after
you've use the bath bombs for cotton
buds or cotton pads etc etc it's just
really cute it's the sort of thing that
would sit so lovely on your dressing
table or in your bathroom next to the
sink so that was kind of one of the main
things I loved I know a lot of people
who have said this is their favorite and
it just looks so cute you get them all
inside if you can see that let me just
zoom in and they've got like a copper
foiling on them and you just unwrap them
and drop them in so they're really cute
just a nice little gift cozy tozi so the
premise behind this and the premise
basically behind my whole product range
and whole like product like what's the
word mantra I suppose is that I want
this to be the sort of thing that people
will use to pamper themselves to
distressed unwind just to have a bit of
like me time bit of chill out so one of
the things that I loved in the Christmas
gifting range is this which comes with a
teeny tiny little it's not teeny tiny
it's still a really decent size of the
soap opera which I love because soap
opera is still one of my favorite shower
gels I use it all the time I just love
the actual I just love the original
scent so much um and now it's in travel
size and it's also in a squeezy tube
because the original one is in quite a
big
because use it as bath so call you use
it as be so it kind of is more of a sit
on the side of your Barca type thing
whereas this one is quite easily taken
to the shower take away with you so I
really really like that and it also
comes with some cozy socks and they are
really cozy I just feel like at this
time of the year especially around
Christmas you can't not have cozy socks
so that was the kind of premise behind
this and there's a little if you go into
the store and you want to fill them
there's no hole in the back so just give
them a little stroke but don't throw it
too hard because it's a bit weird that
someone else has to wear them if you
kind of if everyone's rubbing them and
then they put them back on the shelf so
just gently just gently stroke and then
kind of get an idea whether or not you
think these would be cozy enough and
then place it back on the Shelf this one
is basically your classic gift sir
blissful miss full which again is one of
the biggest sellers
so everyone is loving that and then it
comes to the creamy madly dreamy which
again is a really cute little kind of
handy size for your handbag for your
wash bag for travel etc or just to sit a
little bit more neatly on a dressing
table if you want to this for my support
is full-size and then you have a really
cute headband which I've put in here as
a kind of you know when you're having a
face mask or you get in the bath and you
just want to move your hair out the way
or even when you're doing your makeup
that's when you want to use one of these
so I mean you could use it just for
everyday wearing if you want to but it's
more kind of aimed at kind of having a
pamper session so if you want to do a
little cheeky face mask in the bath
whack that on or even just to wash your
face sometimes it really annoys me that
I've got freshly washed and blow-dried
hair and I'm like I'll wash my hair and
then goes all wrong you know what I mean
all the baby hairs go all curly and
you're like damn it
then this is one of my favorite things I
just love it so much this is definitely
my favorite makeup bag like bigger
makeup bag to date look at this look at
it
it's clear kind of you can I mean yes
it's clear you can see through it it's
just a little bit like cloudy which I
really like because you can see your
products inside and it's it's copper
it's copper and shiny and cute and it
has little polka dots on top and it can
store everything that you need at the
store and so all your all your
essentials or going away your little
like travel sizes of things can go in
here but yeah I am really excited about
this so far I think you guys have really
loved this - I've seen a lot of you
tweet me pictures of this with all your
products in so yes that is my favorite
bag so far and if you want it get it now
because when they're gone they're gone
next thing is so adorable and so cute
and I just think this is amazing and
it's called all that glimmers and look
how cute this packaging is as well and
it's basically full let's open that a
fluffy powder puffs with shimmer so it
comes like this and then you take out of
here you know when you just want your
skin to look a little bit more healthy
almost a little bit kind of have a bit
of a sheen to it like in photos I've
noticed whenever I wear something like
this if you have a photo you've got kind
of dust it on your arms and this is very
subtle I did not want this to be like
chunky pieces of glitter or I want it to
be really really subtle and really to
not feel it on your skin but fit for it
to give that kind of healthy Sheen and I
feel like it does that but it's also
just very cute like it's got this kind
of vintage lace on here and it's it's
lovely like pink color and the product
is is in this um and you just kind of
sponge it on
and then it gives you that really lovely
Sheen and I really like it plus it
smells great
but yeah in photos this looks lovely
perfect for Christmas parties or I don't
know if you just want to smell nice
after a bath a lot of people have been
asking me about this because some of you
have been a bit unsure about what it is
and what you do with it so that is
basically what it is and that is what
you do with it besides that it's just
really freaking cute to look at okay
next thing which is also proved very
popular are the two barmy lip balm
jurors or I haven't been reading out the
name this is the Khafre set so on the
back it says be the belle of the boudoir
with the super cute set spray the light
of feminine spritz to scent your body
with fresh top notes of wild strawberry
and grapefruit a beautiful floral heart
of violet jasmine and gardenia and a
softly sensual vanilla infused musky
base follow with creamy body lotion and
rich with vitamin E aloe and share
butter to soften and conditioned because
your skin needs a bit of love too
includes a polka dot headband perfect
for staying stylish in the tub of what
that's called the so cute cavarero set
this is just a vanity case it's gold
banner case and this is the two balmy
now this has been packaged so that you
can buy this and put this on your
Christmas tree as a little present if
you want to or I don't know you can gift
it to someone and hide it in the tree on
Christmas Day which i think is really
cute and it comes with two which is why
it's called two barmy we're going to put
that down logs I've actually got them in
my hand because I've been using them and
I like them and they're in a tin this
time so it's it's not it's similar to
the lip balm in the tutti frutti
collection but that was in a plastic
container this these are in tins because
I just feel like cute more sturdy bit
more Christmassy a bit more special
maybe um so the packaging looks like
this up close
look at it and one of them is vanilla
cream and that is this beautiful coral
color very pretty it's not the same as
the lip balm in the tutti frutti range
that's more of like a Barbie pink this
is a lot more of a pretty coral and
again you can build it to this if you
want to or you can go a little bit more
subtle and this one which I am obsessed
with I absolutely love it is the sweet
mint lip balm you guys know I love men I
love everything minty especially if it's
sweet mint um oh I put the lid on too
tight it smells really lovely it kind of
smells to me a bit like candy canes
which again is perfect this time of year
I actually have a candy cane candle like
lit downstairs and this is a really
beautiful nude color um and I really
really like it so I love that with this
you literally get two different scents
two different colors two lip balms two
barmy's the next thing is exclusive to
feel unique so you can only get this
online so again I'll leave a link in the
description box if you want to head on
over and get this and it's something a
little bit more different but something
I am personally very excited about and I
love it and I just feel like everyone
needs one of these in their handbag and
it is this which is a little card holder
it's shiny rose gold Ford slash copper
because workers and it has the turquoise
spots on it and inside mmm you've got a
mirror which is one of the main reasons
I love this so much because pocket
mirrors and handbag mirrors I love but I
either break them or I lose them or I
just never use them I feel like I just
created a rhyme and this is
multifunctional so you've got mirror on
one side and then you've got a card slot
don't worry you can take this out
there's a well a credit card and then
you've got a card slot and you can put
all your cards in there
specifically I think student ID so you
can like without be like his machine ID
driver's license or Braille cards and
things so perfect for that and you can
put as many cards in there if you want
to and I don't know I just feel like
it's a really nice present someone it's
a lovely stocking filler but also really
handy and actually the mirror is
freaking good as well let me take the
plastic off this one this one's new the
mirror is actually really good it's not
one of those crappy mirrors that you
can't actually see in it's really good
oh no all my makeups coming off I did my
makeup this morning and now it's all
coming off Oh No why am i bleeding oh no
it's ketchup guys why am I so messy I've
got ketchup on my hands Oh God
right Frank
yes I'll feel unique which ships
worldwide so if you're watching this and
you're like yeah but I can't get it
because I live in Spain you can get it
you can okay also feel unique ships
worldwide so if you aren't in the UK you
don't have access to super drug check
out feel unique website this next thing
that is everything isn't it okay this
next thing is I feel like the main star
of the show when it comes to Christmas
things I am obsessed with this I love it
so much and it's a little bit more
expensive but you get a lot of different
things in it some of them you'll never
get anywhere else um and I think I've
always been saying I think this is more
of like a main present this is really
the stocking filler type of gift it's
more of like a present you would put on
a Christmas list for your family
although when I say more expensive I
mean it's like 45 pounds so it's not
like ridiculous personally I don't think
for what you get in it so it is this it
is the awesome drawsome oh my god I
nearly dropped it it's the awesome
drawsome okay um firstly these are
reusable drawers which I thought for a
lot of you would
very beneficial um I know that these
days it's all about storage and this is
storage now I'm going to try and get
this off I've got another one which is
already opened which I should have
probably shown you all I know is if I
received this Christmas from someone I'd
be really happy with it and that's kind
of my thought process with everything
because I wouldn't want to make
something and sell something if I
wouldn't be happy to receive it or buy
it somebody myself in these drawers you
get let me just pull the plastic off it
around in these drawers so you get a big
drawer too big drawers and two smaller
drawers in these drawers you get eight
products plus the drawers so you can
keep these yourself too they're just
really cutely designed as you can see
little ribbon handles and then in the
top drawer or in the top drawer you've
got two items first one I know some
people who were obsessed a bit it's a
cute little coin purse and it says do
cute and it's got all the cute colors on
it I'm never going to be able to get
this anywhere else except in this you've
also got a little shower / flourish our
Lily um which I just think is really
handy and I like that it's small you
know sometimes you can get these huge
ones and when you get them wet they're
like yeah this one's a cute little cute
little one so you get that it also has
pink running through it I don't know if
you can see that yeah nice nice and
that's your top drawer and then you can
pull the plastic bits out that's just to
hold them in place and you can pull
these out oh and pull the drawer out and
then you can use this for literally
anything you want genius okay
next draw let's go this one don't
determine okay I am really super excited
about this body butter I haven't got
another body butter this is the first
body butter I've done and I absolutely
love it and a lot of people like cream
madly dreamy and this is just a thicker
consistency so this is the same scent
but it's a butter rather than in a
lotion so it's a lot more moisturizing I
feel like I'm more suited to a body
butter than a body lotion I use body
lotions but around this time of year I
need something a bit more heavy duty
which is why I thought it would be
really nice to have a body butter in the
drawer set and again you can only get it
in this and it's called butter me up
butter me up baby
oh good right next door ah a little as
we were just discussing the little
creamy matthew dreamy it's a travel size
so it's perfect for taking out places
it's just really cute little one I like
it so we've got another mini soap opera
in this one similar to the one in cozy
cozy so if you don't get that and you
get this instead you've still got one of
these or vice versa I just want to live
in this smell just oh how that doesn't
make sense this which I really like
so soap opera is a shower gel and a bath
soaps you can use it for bubbles but
this one is flowers and showers and this
is just a shower gel and it's only
available in here
well I'm getting way too excited and
things are flying everywhere
this is a turquoise color
it's blue smells amazing and it's
another alternative to this one if you
didn't get hold of this you've got two
of them in here
so two little fizz bars and you get
these - very cute packaging I think I'm
most excited about this one because I
feel like for anyone who might not have
got anything from the original
collection or anyone that wants some of
the limited stuff this is like perfect
and I think it's just quite a nice
introduction to so on a beauty so it's
got a bit of everything you'd be set if
you have this but if everything that I
have I hope you've enjoyed my little run
down I've kind of talked through of each
of each of the products I probably
didn't really do them justice the
descriptions on the website it's
probably better to be honest but I like
to give you my own kind of take on on
the products I suppose let me know in
the comments which one you're the most
excited about if any of these are on
your Christmas list I would love to know
and oh and also if any of you have gone
out and bought any of these for your
friends I would also like to know that
too don't forget there are better
pictures up on my blog post you can
click that to go and see it um don't
forget to tweet me and tag me on
Instagram if you have gone out and got
any of these products um I love seeing
your photos and I love seeing your
little like Cazorla beauty collections
some of you really have got every
product and that just amazes me and I'm
so grateful so thank you so much and it
really means a lot to me that you enjoy
the products so yeah thank you very much
happy vs. alright this makes me want to
barf yes it does does it make you wanna
barf no no no you don't like both well
no she might if I used someone a big
deal I just want you to look how cute
this is
it's just Nala among all the products
just gonna have a little sleep there
which one's your favorite okay I'm gonna
go now bye
fasciatus oh you know stretch
