good morning everybody it is Sunday the
26 so I want to say is it the 25th 26 I
don't know I lose track of the time I've
just washed my face and I didn't dry it
so that might be why it looks a bit wet
and shiny my skin is actually quite bad
right now but oh well I have to do this
because I have so many secret things in
my office but I can't show you that I'm
scared or accidentally show you and then
I'll get in so much trouble
so I'm having to lie down on the sofa
bed in my office to film this because I
don't want to give too much away I've
just been so busy doing so many things
recently that I haven't vlogged as much
as I would like to so I've loved some
kind of bits and pieces from the other
day I were probably already uploaded
that video but I wanted to film today
just the whole day I'm going to film
because it's Sunday I'm uploading a
video I do need to edit that I have
already filmed it would you like these
pictures minor and grand I've got them
for me as a little present because they
came to state my camera just cut off my
granddad came to stay recently and we
went down on the beach and they had
cockles and it was really lovely and
they have these tiny little like stands
or stools inside the like promenade and
one of them was an artist by the beach
she had like prints and things and she
had these two and I really liked them I
already have two ice cream prints I
don't know if any of you have ever seen
them in my vlogs are on my landing and
they've got faces one's a girl and one's
a boy so it must be something about ice
creams that I really like when it comes
to prints but I love this it's like a
very pale kind of grey blue background
and then there's a fab and a little
heart and then a 99 with raspberry or
strawberry sauce and another little
heart and I just thought they were
really nice and I feel like they sum up
the beach so that is that is that um but
yeah here are my paperback yay I've got
like a whole box of them
and they've got the rose gold on the
front yeah it's the first book it's come
out in paperback because in true kind of
book publishing form especially when I
was younger a book would come out in
hardback and then it would come out and
pay me back later on because it always
just feels very special to have
something in hardback which is what I
wanted for this book so but then I know
that not everyone wants a hardback book
so this is especially easier for people
who want to be on a flight or you know
they're taking the book away with them
it's so much easier to have the
paperback but this has got the first two
chapters of the second book in the back
so very exciting much excit this is a
whole load of foreign books of my book
which is so exciting so this is the
German Edition I don't know if ever
shown you guys these so this is the
German Edition Italian
they're all slightly different that's
Italian to Greek they have like
different photos I love that one that's
the Greek one this is my favorite this
is Estonian look how cute that is very
pretty
this is the into Slovenia so Slovakian
splitting up Wonka so funny
Dutch another lens that you might have
already seen this one a lot of them are
very similar but they'll have like one
picture that's different so for example
that picture is different on this one
that's the same Portuguese in Brazil so
we've got different photos on here as
well apart from this one
girl ophtho online uh serbia i love my
name in serbian look at this sois tag I
just love how so many of them are
different like it just looks so cool
this one is amazing so this book is in
Hebrew and unbeknown to me they would
start so this would be the front cover
so the spine is on this side and they
start the book backwards
they read backwards basically in Hebrew
so these are the first pages and then
they make their way through a book this
way and call me um ignorant or whatever
but I did not know that so I found that
so we interesting I just thought that
was so cool um Portuguese in Portugal
not Brazil I think that's all the same
photos actually they kept that like the
same cool Portuguese in Portugal Spanish
look at the Spanish one
psycho
a German one polish these pictures are
all the same apart from this one which
is different kazoo Willy so good so if
you didn't know gal online has been sold
in 37 different languages which
absolutely blows my mind like absolutely
blows my mind I remember one of my
publishers telling me that Peter Rabbit
which is a very well-known children's
book was sold in did she say forty or
forty five different languages I can't
remember but I was like well obviously
go online is going to be absolutely
nowhere near that and turns out 37
different languages which is just insane
but so amazing um I actually have them
all in a bookshelf I'm going to collect
all 37 obviously not gonna be able to
read them all but I do have them in a
bookshelf here we go so you can see them
all lined up so this is actually a
limited edition one that penguin had
printed just for me it's got rose gold
on the spine so that is one of a kind
you'll never find that anywhere else
which is this one Spanish and then
they're all along here but yeah and the
American one is in there I just think
they look so cool and then three this
side and then my Nickelodeon award yay
but I just realized I've not shown you
guys that before so I'm really proud of
that and I've got a million copies I
will never be able to read I don't care
I also have what looks like super drug
in my office
because I have some here to give to
friends family anyone that comes around
or to send to some of you guys which I
have been doing but I do things like
that in secret
okay I think my bath might be deep
enough now oops got distracted right I'm
gonna have in my bath bomb in my bath
bomb the bath bomb I'm gonna have in my
bar is intergalactic which is from the
Oxford Street store it just looks
amazing I don't think you can get this
in any other scores I can't get it out
hang on okay
ready look at it it's so beautiful or if
it wants to focus there we go look how
beautiful that is
okay ready oh wow
oh my goodness
I'm now one of those really annoying
people that wants to film the entire
bath bomb ah look at the water
it's like sparkling oh my goodness
it's so pretty this looks like one that
might stain my skin so pigmented look at
that looks like watercolor when you dip
your paintbrush into into the glass
wowie
okay um I'm going to stop filming the
bar for now and just get in it even
though I know for any lush fanatics out
there you might want me to film the
whole thing I'm not sure everyone wants
to see that but it does look so amazing
can you see all the sparkles
it's like glistening look uh okay I want
to get in okay
yes tell us what today is for you you
have to tell them okay today yes oh wait
no no then I can tell no today is Alfie
deyes sick birthday on YouTube Boop
that's like nearly a third of my life
that's crazy
yeah only twenty one and six years of
that I've been on YouTube
you work very hard to get to where you
are well done I'm very proud of you
can't see that's good for me
Oh armpit in the face your armpits
actually smell great I haven't had a
shower today as you kill our water I'll
be one amazing movie it just never
smells like you could probably not wash
wet very much
no me neither any place ever swears my
forehead when I'm in the gym yeah
sometimes you'll get like a little spot
ease up there yeah that's it other guy I
don't really sweat well in case you're
wondering yeah am i sick birthday - no
sweating here we go you showed me a lot
I have I showed them before I got in but
now I want to show them it like
literally before I get it again because
it's so blue like I just said to Alfie I
feel like I'm gonna get out and be a
smurf like I'm gonna have to use the
shower head to like wash me down I think
I love this Venus okay I'd like a future
planet somewhere now you know what it's
cool
look at that galaxy guess what the
bubbles called Milky Way nope galaxy
note planet explosion know something
space-related
begins with an eye
and I yeah
I don't know intergalactic ah so close
your galaxy yeah this bill want to touch
it go and then hard this no it's so I
don't have you in the pattern it's like
foam oh good that time marbled on your
finger
alien bit me hey I was going into town
papi and Shana come around I'm getting a
bath okay oh oh don't hit them go away
go down by I'm going to read one of
these what am i back yeah I'm gonna read
it the right you can read the last
chapter the last two I write the last
chapter three then the first two
chapters of the next book okay so I'm
gonna do whyever showing you guys these
I've got on my wall it says four
beautiful eyes look for the good in
others
your beautiful lips speak only words of
kindness and for poise walk with the
knowledge that you are never alone I
like that
this one says inhale exhale and these
are two pictures as you come up to my
office just thought I'd let you hold up
now I'm going to get my bath like I said
I was gonna do ages go hi guys so it's a
little bit later on in the day I have
filmed a video with Alfie which you have
already seen I'll leave a link to it in
the description box if you haven't it
was really fun we basically played
operation with poppy and Shaun and we
had a TENS machine on I'm not very good
at the TENS machine have to say I was
just talking to Alfie about it because I
did it hurt and I'm like it doesn't
really hurt it just feels like insane
pins and needles and it's not the pain
that freaks me out it's like the
anticipation of it like the anxiety of
knowing it's going to happen I don't
know either way I'm such a baby when it
comes to that thing so go on over and
check that out if you want a bit of a
giggle I am just uploading my video with
Alfie which is the boyfriend as my
makeup which I'll also leave a link to
down below we done it before two years
ago funnily enough when he wasn't my
boyfriend and he just did it as a
massive joke and I was like I wonder if
he would actually be able to do it
properly if I handed him my makeup bag
would he be able to do my makeup how I
do my makeup
so that's basically what that video is I
wanted to just see if he could do it um
times that I really wasn't that bad
we've got little nyla bear she's been so
cute today cuz she's really tired you
sleepy little one what you gonna do
should we go out shrit go out Nala is
that what you'd like to do okay oopsie
okay we're not going yet uh uh uh then I
fell asleep because some reason I think
it's the weather you know unlike cozy
Sundays and it's really rainy and gray
and dark outside and there's some really
good films on the TV and you're kind of
snuggle up on the sofa and I was editing
my videos getting the last little bits
done I fell asleep
sat up in the sofa with Nala on me and
my laptop on me and then the next thing
I knew I was lying down under a blanket
so I'll obviously at some point put my
laptop down and decided that I wanted to
get a bit more comfy and I slept for two
hours
I still look tired look at that but I'm
feeling a bit more awake now I don't
really know what that was I think our
sister cozy a cozy little moment on a
Sunday I did have Christmas candles lit
not gonna lie and also it's just so nice
to snuggle up with your Pug but now we
are going to go to Ali's mom and dad's I
don't think I filmed Shaun on poppy
today I haven't no I haven't so we're
going to go to Abby's mom and dad's for
dinner um and yeah it's gonna be good
I'm very excited let me show you my
t-shirt actually as you know I like a
slogan T this one says I'm so happy and
this is a little bottle of soy sauce and
I don't particularly like soy sauce I
can't say that I rate it but that is
really cute so it's on my t-shirt and I
am so happy I'm so happy why are you
barking at me is it because I said
we go somewhere and now you're really
excited you're like hey bitch put the
camera down and let's go excuse me
where's that little bugger alfie deyes
you ready just put the last probably
three hours edges in both of them and
put it in live and I'm really really
happy with them so I'll leave links down
below to both of them go oh my god we've
got both reactions you doing it and we
come on my camera
check it out shake shake my open
nope it is there we go we need to go to
Tesco to grab some bins before we get to
have his parents am I just going around
yep follow all the way around okay
Alfie don't
but this man take it right here I'm
joking don't know jaqen Althea is the
worst human fat man no I'm so good not I
know my glutes which is why I said stop
filming me
I know Brighton so well you are I just
tell you too late
I'm not all you should have taken that
left and then we've already gone boss
but you rubbish it directions if I was
driving yes I've really missed wearing
beanies I put this on my head first time
this year I think then you want to take
a left here and I really love it that's
good kind of just wanted summer to be
over now pretty much is everyone's gonna
hate me say yeah where was I the other
day I was in a shop the other day and it
was like oh oh I've been Outfitters yeah
I said do you have any plain white
t-shirts no we don't be getting rid of
all our summer stock there might be a
couple left and it's a winter now I feel
quite all to me today I like it so I
mean things reason
I wanted to get Alfie a little cake to
celebrate six years on YouTube so I've
got him
a caterpillar cake and some candles very
exciting oh my god guys we're walking
along and there's a massive rat where's
it gone okay I'm gonna move this no I'm
not sure I'm ready for that
where did it go
it was massive it was shoot like that
that's the biggest one I've ever seen
she always has to Smith
everything everything yeah is it rat
season
is there even a raise that thing rat
season I dunno
that season it's dinner time
it's lighted nice look at all this look
at this lovely spread that Amanda's put
on first was protecting me he was
actually he bought me knew I was behind
the door I know damn buzzy a stark now
you can join the police force
yeah we're now chillin oh okay the lens
poppy is the master of treats we're
trying to make them be calm around each
other
this is where I drop the bloody
caterpillar on the floor first does not
like it
happy birthday happy birthday
pointlessblog buzz wants to blow the
candles you might go flowers coming out
yet two to go
yeah cut the pillow is amazing I want to
snap it's fine right it's for nickers oh
very fine torch mutters okay right leash
it's not really that there's ten can you
feel it yeah smart your tune blue 20
let's do twins I'm fine and they're
gonna stop on 25 their 26th right must
books ready for 30 noted 21 that's 25
deserted gosh do you found what anything
guess are you ready Nick code Mother's
Day
oh yeah 35
to relax you had no contour in control
action no oh no or take oh oh
how's it going oh oh oh
torture but it's my monster relief and
it's so late
look it's five past midnight way past my
bedtime
I got in registros oh good it's what you
need at midnight midnight snack um I'm
gonna go to bed now but I hope you've
enjoyed this vlog Alfie's awesome
porridge alright and I'll see got some
more porridge easy I got way over my
head why some ginger oh do you think
that the way your bed is do you think
that's where you're sleeping
she looks so tiny on this sofa huh give
me kiss thank you lay down then lay down
I'm down now let down down down down
she's so tired mother no down gonna get
into bed you're gonna get into bed
come on then let's get a bed come on huh
Oh the bed specs q she's so scary I
don't think she wants to sleep in this
room she's so confused what a good bed
no good yeah how cozy you are in your
little bedroom I'm sleeping down here
tonight I'm sleeping a garden he's been
in a hot dog
