good morning everybody it is Tuesday and
it is the start of a very busy week here
in this house
it is cordially invited book shoot week
we are taking photos in this house for
four days it's gonna be absolute chaos
but I'm really really excited okay first
outfit this is for a spring slash Easter
outfit I've got my makeup done and my
hair is all done and we're now just
waiting for everything to be set up
we're halfway through the day on Tuesday
and we are now going from oh we're now
going from Easter so like like spring to
summer and we're doing a kind of freak
shakes but with ice cream so it's like a
Sunday for each shake so everyone is
setting stuff up downstairs I will take
you down and show you the kind of chaos
that is happening in my house right now
this is the spare bedroom which mark is
actually staying in tomorrow so I may
need to relocate this to upstairs but
yeah this is some of the outfits this is
where Adams been doing my hair bathroom
is the makeup studio this is where a lot
of the props are going on I know I love
these ones these are so cute are these
for Valentine's we've got everybody in
here it would be hard to find a place in
your house where there wasn't a person
look at all the snacks as well taking
snaps very seriously and then setting up
over here
very long one you're weaving it a little
basket there's some long glam squad
heading back upstairs we need to now
change back into winter winter cash and
cozy
and just like that the shoot day is done
and now our fees back have you had a
good day in the office dear good yes and
then you get to be on my shoot tomorrow
yeah excited I do yeah I'm really
excited good
me and Alfie are about to finish
watching the film the whole we started
watching the other night and I mean I
fell asleep
Wow yeah I have seen it before I think
it's an amazing amazing film so I wanted
Alfie to see it so we started watching
it the other night got about five
minutes in and fell asleep
I think Alfie got about twenty minutes
in before you fell asleep right so in
this bit they're like going into the
hole I mean yeah have you seen that no
I'm referring to the the chamber as a ha
I feel like it's a she the hole so when
I say her hole I mean like the chamber
why calling a chamber it's not freaking
Harry people know it's a so was it good
isn't that it's a hole no no it's not
it's a World War two if you were gonna
get bombed you hide down there um a bomb
shelter yeah and I just referred to the
shelters of her so down her whole stop
right that's enough they were waiting
for mom to arrive because he is gonna be
on the shoot days as well which I'm
excited about
basically it's gonna be a lot of
different shots that involve like
friends because the book is about
hosting and like having people round I
thought you're gonna
I wasn't actually I thought you're gonna
fart on me then and then you farted the
book is about hostessing and hosting but
also just having people around and just
being with people and like the things
that you do together with your friends
and stuff and I feel like it would be
really weird to have an entire book
where I didn't have any shots with any
of my friends in so I have a selection
of my friends coming over the next
couple of days as well and family on
Friday
I've got like Christmas shoot with my
mum which I'm really excited about that
is what is gonna happen over the next
couple days I mark is staying and then
my mum's coming Thursday and she's
staying basically filling up all the
guest rooms and I'm really excited
because I don't often get to have shoots
that are a bit more like laid-back in a
sense that I'm not in every single one
of these pictures like they're setting
up certain scenes in the house and like
doing various bits and pieces which
occasionally are like step into but I'm
so used to photo shoots where it's just
like constantly just like outfit change
outfit change outfit change and nothing
else is really happening unless you're
in front of the camera so it's really
nice kind of like relaxed pace and it's
also just really nice being in my home
I'm so so excited for you to see these
photos already today I'm just like so
happy with them and everyone's doing an
amazing job we've obviously got like the
props team they're like food team the
photographer and like her assistant and
everyone at Hodder who's here just like
to make sure everything is like running
as it should and then obviously me and
my Emperor and making sure that
everything I'm envisaging is happening
because like there's no point that I'm
setting something up I'm like guys this
really isn't me at all or this is not
how I would do it so it's a real like
team effort and some of my favorite ways
to work is we're the team because I just
think if you put a group of creative
people together you're going to
with great things and that's essentially
what the next four days is so it's like
my favorite I also really like this
color on me I never really wear this
color I forgot to say the glam team hair
makeup styling so yeah I would never
normally wear this color but I think I
quite like this color it's like a baby
brown that is why I like work for the
stylist by the way because she is able
to put things in my hand for me to put
on I would never have normally wear one
picked up well we'll miss you but you
have a good time I know there is nothing
in the world that would stop you from
going right so it is now time for bed
I've got my makeup we've played a few
games we've watched now and then and we
watched the end of whole and it was a
great evening
oh it's very detailed we'll watch it
again another time we were having a
catch-up but good night see you in the
morning you ready for your photo shoot
photo ready just just to let you know
everyone's arriving at 8:30 and I'll
need to come in here oh you got the up
ready roost perfect see in the morning
it's now Wednesday I've got some little
eye patches going to work
right now because I've woken up because
obviously I had a lot of makeup on
yesterday woken up and my eyes are not
happy about it so I've put these on are
you awake no now I'm not yeah everything
is ready we moved the clothes into here
just because obviously mark is in this
room and I need to shower and wash my
hair so that Adam can work his magic on
it I also need to have breakfast yeah
exciting so I think the first thing
we're doing today is a birthday
breakfast shot which will include me
Alfie poppy Sean and Mark so I think
it's PJs of the first costume a good
morning good morning I was bringing you
in these the same person that is so
funny I was about to say babes you need
a little what they won these were from
Rossmann in Germany hydro boosting what
if I use that yeah course going through
you to Sookie
yeah but your brother than sure so we're
doing the first shot of the day which is
birthday birthday Zoe ah
thanks mark look what Adam bought me oh
my god no
yeah the Smarties mini eggs orange
flavor
you know like smart orange Smarties all
night I know I feel like I should hide
them I'm not paying either for this max
that makes me sound very self and I am
being a mister we don't look how cool
this birthday scene if you're gonna have
to step up your game now know the turf
day game destroy the idea or some that
each rafter they're gonna come in I love
you little PJs everyone's in there like
loungewear you
it is now the afternoon these two making
miss chair a little mischief makers
we've just been doing some photo booth
shots they were so fun against this like
backdrop we should we should do some fun
let's do some selfies while behind my
head
oh my god
everyone's gonna be like are you okay
you know in the ring oh my god you have
to like put all of those into like a
real know how I do
don't worry guys it's not like we're a
very few only thing okay well not have
been expected but you can definitely
take photos using any prop stepladder I
mean this is what happens when all the
professions want though - no oh yes we
are you excited to make pizzas you know
I
we've just finished taking pictures for
the pizza party this one's our face this
one's mine
and marks and Katie's are currently in
the oven and they smell so good and now
it's time to do the puppy party which
involves buzzer not let eating the
pupcake which happens every year but
we're yeah this is buzz what do you mean
on yeah
ah it's so nice to have this little
Poochie back in my life Luca you give
mommy a card or did you miss me I missed
you
well you were so good in your shots I've
taken off my makeup and oh boy does it
feel great I'm actually gonna put some
eye patches on no that's a wheel on a
trolley I'm gonna put some eye patches
on because my eyes are open
Thor still and then we're watching the
disappearance of Alice Krige Oh sounds
right up my street I love when people
disappear not magic just FYI like what
people disappear in films because it
means there's a mystery not just in
general I love when people disappear Oh
Alfie's just got to take buzzy home and
then we're all gonna just chill and
settle down how did you find today
honestly one of the funnest days it was
just so nice so chilled just like loads
of memories babe yeah but it's been
really fun just really nice and
tomorrow's quite chilled day as well so
oh he's gonna be great absolutely great
yeah really good like sort of content
mode yeah me too
meeting hello everybody welcome to day
three of the shoot it's actually
Thursday now I'm just finishing off my
hair this is not how it's gonna be left
cute little kilo clips and as you can
see from my hair makeup and outfit this
morning's shoot is Halloween let me show
you all we need Nala we need to put
these outfits all those rules no no no
she doesn't want to it's far too many
people here it's far more interesting
yeah Hans pipe right I'm either gonna
put her in the Scorpion or a Geisha we
shall soon see
I've never seen a more relaxed scorpion
in my life yeah I know she's resting
ahead Oh
oh good yeah yeah that was amazing
I remember that was fun enjoyed that
we're about to do a little filming
segment and this is definitely not
filming setup I normally use Duncan
knows what he's doing Troy this is like
next-level isn't it yes this is bryony's
favorite corner yeah love it oh I love
what you've done with the place
what do you hope reads will take away
from the book there is always something
that you can do to make
a little bit extra without having to do
too much sometimes it's an itching the
simplest things and I want everyone to
be able to feel that they can do that
and have fun
I keep using my man I'm trying to
brainstorm something to put on a new
makeup bag and I have to say that that
is the hardest thing to do if anyone has
any great ideas for something to put on
a makeup bag let me know mark just
suggested give me strength
did your parents never use that as their
like ah give me strength like yeah but
yeah but you could say it's like all you
put on makeup so you feel like confident
I know it's hard
put your face on I'm about to start
cross-project I feel like Meg so we're
now coming outside to do an autumn
bonfire I'm so excited
Al's already grab a drink in his little
can you might not be great behind the
scenes in there oh my god just hi here
with Zoey in one quick we should we
switch jobs for one day
well that's the whole plan of this week
it's the last day can you believe it's
the last day it's quite so quick yeah
the weekend is gonna be so quiet I know
I think sorry just not like I live here
now she's just having the time of our
lie we're doing a little crafts now
getting ready to do a craft and we've
just done a couple of little indoor
shots in an out of door in the doorway
yeah no it did look great and then we're
starting on Christmas
so we've just finished Christmas which
is probably being dissembled as we speak
well Joe's got some pita and hummus
we're now about to shoot some Christmas
not Christmas winter photobooth style
shots with poppy and tan and then we're
going to do Easter with this one and
then I think me and you are doing some
and I don't remember what season we are
took it Joan this is your Christmas
jumper it is pitabread you maybe want to
whiten my teeth you make me wanna nap
and I don't think anyone's ever said the
word tape and I haven't sliced socks my
teeth yeah when people say I have to go
otherwise Oh weird I'm gonna test you on
that now what did you test me on the
other day oh you took no you tested me
all no mouthing hello sleepy tired
sweetie oh my god you're so cute she's
in heaven just finished photo booth
photo booth photos now we're doing cozy
doing film night in which as you all
know is my go-to so what shall I do the
Wardrobe it's such a mess right now
we're now all sat around eating from a
big bowl of popcorn and some cupcakes
and we're doing the movie night daytime
I got really nervous type holes it's
funky and sweet
let's cool it then there was silence
everyone has gone home and it feels so
weird that there's no obviously mum
still here but it just feels so weird
that there's no one here like I really
got like used to everyone being here and
it was so fun everyone was amazing and I
feel like we all had great like bonding
I feel like I've had like 15 people
living in my house all week
and I've really enjoyed it yeah I'm
gonna really miss everybody but the
photos look incredible and I cannot wait
for you guys to see them if you haven't
yet then feel free to go down below I
will leave a little link go and
pre-order the book Oh mom's on the phone
my mum just flog in Oh
so yeah if you haven't yet pre-ordered
then please go ahead and pre-order I'll
leave a little link below and don't
forget that Amazon ships internationally
so there's been a few questions of
people saying I can't get it I can't get
one to limit here Amazon and all over
Amazon will most likely send it to you
so make sure to check em as an out for
pre-orders in that sense
see ya I don't know what I'm gonna do
now I'm on a bit of a comedown I think
me a mum I've been ordered Domino's put
a good film on light some candles and
have a chill chilled evening Alfie's in
London marks just left everyone everyone
has gone it feels so weird
I've just had the best week like the
best week it'll be one of those like
amazing moments when I think back to the
book and I'm looking through it I will
remember this week and remember it being
so great and I had so much fun and I am
very very tired but it's like that nice
tired when you feel really content and
you're like now I can sleep we have got
a couple more shoot days later on this
month but for now I am gonna end this
vlog here because I can imagine you've
just sat through a ton of time lapses
and yeah you're probably you're probably
about done thank you so much for
watching and like I said thank you to
everybody who's already pre-ordered the
book it's amazing to see how many of you
are so excited for it and yeah thank you
so much give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I will see you again
very very soon bye
