good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 80
sat here with this little Christmas poop
she's like shivering in the car is
absolutely freezing I'm just trying to
defrost the windscreen while we wait for
Alfie we're trying to pack the car we're
all heading to Wiltshire we've got the
gleam party tonight and we're also gonna
see my family tomorrow which will be
nice
she's resting ahead of my arm yes yeah I
really quickly wanted to show you what
the ice looks like on the wing to me
before it all disappears it looks like
Christmas trees melting away though I
don't need a bigger week right we pulled
over to our first stop we're about
halfway into the journey just give me
two SEC's
just chat we're doing a little diesel
and food stop got a bit of a headache
not gonna lie so I need to drink more
water and eat some food that's fine Oh
where's my money would you mind getting
my purse yeah thank you very much thank
you awfully oh let's go and find some
festive M&S snack yeah this is what I'm
talking about
oh my god they've got Christmas calling
the caterpillars I'm gonna get some of
them right snacks have been bought part
two of the journey I literally was going
to get them the size scratched all this
no because you don't really win much on
a scratch card he wants to pick how am I
gonna do it what are we doing match
three to win I'm gonna do the bonus game
first oh it gives me goose bumps
scratching this off guys at one point
pounds
that's good oh my god only she just said
I never you never win anything on a
scratch card for the other day I did win
four pounds match three to win five five
five good I love how you need me to
check my eBay we didn't
Shawn Alfie I nearly won aterna
I nearly 100 still filming
we've arrived at our Airbnb which is
where me and after you write sing a
little song it's cool isn't it it's so
great so this is the Airbnb that myself
and Alfie are staying in in the next
couple of days and in a while me poppy
and Shawn are going to be making our way
over to way yeah Joe and Alfie are doing
a spot of a Christmas shopping
I believe if Joe's on his way over I'll
give you like a little little tour
Alfie's just getting all the bags out so
you come in and you've got pops and
Shawn and this lovely really cool
posters little dining room table the
kitchen area with this lovely old stone
floor and then you go up this very very
narrow staircase which literally is tiny
up to this little room which is very
cool into the bedroom I love like the
beams so cool the bed
and then the bath shower sink little
toilet tap around the corner cozy like I
already just what I'd like run this bath
and get in it can't no got no time for
that maybe tomorrow then back down this
all just bang me edge back down the
steep stairs which I am taking one at a
time
like a child okay Alfie's bringing in
the bag thank you very much and then
down here is another bedroom and an
ensuite very nice I love when you find
an Airbnb that you think looks really
great and then when you get to it it's
just what you thought it would be to be
honest I've never really had any
disappointing air B&B moments like I've
been very lucky with the fact that every
Airbnb that's looked good whenever we've
arrived it it's been as I thought it
would be which is good I've decided I'm
gonna do my makeup like this on
Christmas Day and I think maybe papi
should have the same but the opposite
eyebrow so I have the Hat on my left
eyebrow and you have the Hat with right
eyebrow you have to do what would you
actually do if I did it I mean if you
did it on your own I would laughs I
actually think this is a very skilled
makeup learner I just think it's quite
extra for Christmas Day isn't it yeah
yeah ciao Elfie
we're gonna stop by Whitehall on the way
because it's literally we drive past it
and that's the place that we go to every
year where they have the coolest
Christmas displays so I'm about to like
blow pop insurance minds I used to go to
this garden center Sean that absolute
terrifying especially if I could focus
on your face not mine so this is a
garden interview needs to go through
when I was a kid my mom used to take me
whenever she was babysitting and we
would get a cake a piece of cake and
orange juice
so let's go you're right there puppy new
goat cheese day a country
I mean that worked but you still got
over there may taking Papa Sean to the
reindeer where's your gone we lost them
I don't think you're allowed hello mate
hey it looks like me of my hair happy
everyday this is what my hair look like
him Hey what sheep are they yeah yeah
and I don't mind turn your heads the
story but in the car is
okay I wouldn't be able to do that at
home
staple it into the ceiling once upon a
time how cool yeah I told you they go
like next-level Wicca Harry you look so
happy he looks so much like Daniel okay
this is like insane this is like
Christmas land it gets crazier every
year yeah I know look at all the
decorations look frozen
this is ridiculous Megan Elfie I love I
love this playing the music in each one
this my honesty you you'd find your
perfect decoration here we know that you
could you go did not find it's like
insane I know it's probably worth the
journey to be fair oh my God look at
this one Mary Poppins loved it so cool
found you the perfect gift that's the
perfect Nick what do you think how he
would do if I bought him this oh it's
not my heavy should I do it I'll put it
in bed with him so any wakes up that's
there instead of me Merry Christmas
no how do you how did you enjoy your
vital Christmas experience I
it's quite something daniel radcliffe
good how cool is it that we've met
Daniel hi I'm Charlie from Charlie and
the Chocolate Factory
if you're around Wiltshire you have to
go to Whitehall and look at the
Christmas decorations because even
looking at them is an experience it's
worth it
but we're going to get in the car now
don't know how Papi's gonna get in the
car I feel like you should just wait
here and then we're gonna head to the
party pick up have you got my gosh
it's that weird blue light fog so make
sense you know
cutest high-street ever
looks very festive in here
I wish event okay
we've arrived and I thought I would give
you a little room tour so we're staying
as somewhere called the ligand arms I
think that's how you say lichen like on
like on arms and I'm over in like a
courtyard like right at the back it's
quite like I feel very like isolated
like oh and then you come in and you've
got these lovely chairs a beautiful big
bed lots of space
TV coffee a tablet to order food LR and
then this is like one of the most
impressive bathrooms I have ever seen
look at that shower
is that not also the cleanest shower
you've ever seen and then two double
sinks and a huge bath also when I came
in there was some goodies let's have a
looks we've got treat yourself candy
kittens gourmet sweets oh my goodness a
little Bobby Brown bag or they've all
got my names on so cute make time to
dream night we're by next oh my god I
love those pajamas I actually don't have
these as well
they must have really struggled to find
a pair that I didn't already own and
then what have we got here dcl
detoxifying clay mask all that sounds
delightful and what's this one
profoundly effective cream sounds nice
what's in this box oh let's just pull
this ribbon off I know what I do in Zoe
sugg girl of now Elie Saab oh that's so
nice
Wow extremely generous all these gifts a
little Christmas card
last year what do we have in here
oh cool Allah oh my god I love how I
just gravitate straight to the stickers
well we've got in here okay we have my
favorite milky jelly cleanser the bomb I
actually don't have one of these and
everyone raves about them it's not going
to focus there we go so I'm really happy
you've got one of those and then what's
this skin visage priming moisturizer oh
I love Sean just in poppy and Sean's
room now because we're all getting ready
together and I am wearing the dress that
tan bought me for Christmas let me show
you in this mirror
oh you can't really see it you could
sort of see the shape of it but it's
this navy blue velvet it's really pretty
I love it
fifteen
oh my god
I scream yeah
dings arrived I went for the Moose looks
you go moose as well good
so you may notice I'm not now in my
hotel room or at the party basically I
was very tired and I just couldn't get
into like the party mode like do you
ever feel like that when you're like oh
I really want to be energetic and like
getting involved I just couldn't I was
getting a really bad headache and I
thought it's the air BnB is like an hour
away or I could go up to the room and
just like sleep on my own but I like the
idea of coming back here where Alfie was
and then just like getting straight into
bed and just being where I need to be
tomorrow morning but I did give my room
to somebody else it was so scary driving
back though oh my goodness the fog was
like unreal is so much worse than on the
way there I could only see two cat side
in front of me on the road I was driving
so slowly like but now it's like that's
the time it's quarter to midnight I'm
running myself a bath and I'm gonna get
in this take off my makeup and then
probably join Alfie downstairs by the
fire I'm so excited to get into this bed
can't even tell you
