it's beautiful day in London this
morning null is playing with some of the
leaves and we've all had breakfast and
I've done my makeup I haven't done my
hair because I'm about to have my hair
done I am most excited and gonna get
some more blonde put in oh oh she's here
I better hold on to you so you don't go
through the door okay so I will update
you when the hair is being done or when
the hair is finished okay does anyone
remember when we were in Dubai and
myself and knowing we had to fill out
Tanya's handbag look at the state of it
there's no really precious 50 piece
Australian 50 page else we don't need
him then that's much trigging I thank
you sir because there's already a far
Queen on that that's why I thought
assault was terrible okay well we'll
sort this out later work we charm for
the record what's this it's a little
sample wash oh my goodness has done
jokes this is the halfway stage what you
haven't done time you're gonna get your
head chopped off I'm gonna go blonde
like me can you imagine I can't imagine
you blonde we need to put some blonde
hair on you when you've had your son
let's put it on the plane yeah no I'm
just having a trim hammer to work that
into the out we laughed at me for saying
I want to use a screwdriver initially
and now look what he's gonna go out the
door a screwdriver couldn't wait for the
Chancellor's well I mean that's
definitely not weird shoe polish he's
looking through this saw Jim and I
called the August store for this one
time and I was peak talking I can refer
to it as he'll just remember us telling
you that yeah
ask me your phone let me can't lie to me
I'm excited to see your hair
Jim we need to have I'm still wearing
like I can why don't you go get it
and say Josh Gateshead todd's getting
his head attire Tom's getting on his
head oh I've been doing your hair cut
and dyed Freeman wooden party because
I'm a genius
it's done
Oh gorgeous home Graduate we hold your
mother in round it's great I love it if
I feel like it feels refresh you look
gorgeous thank you so do you love it
all thanks to Sam or look at these
lovely flowers as well yeah I feel like
this is the biggest bunch of lilies I've
ever seen in my life they're converses
was telling this is the lady that did my
hair ever so amazingly she's gonna have
to now come and live in my house so yeah
and no if I had a tribe where Tom's had
hers than as well true little trim so
now we're now we're ready for lunch I'm
gonna like twins like curly hair and
side parting right our parking lot is no
opposite sign okay since I'm off the
alerting
have you ever tried it on the other side
look from me Jim oh oh cubicle tanking
wrinkle the surgery we're gonna go she
was sat out in the Sun just a minute
guys
pattern she liked it oh nice yeah lovely
well you're a min ago yeah nice like
before i it's cold yeah yes of course do
you know how many times
good starstruck I really like the color
of the blonde though you do like yeah
okay well that started them get the
scissors away Alfie don't witness me I'm
not sure we should be doing that I'll be
trying to get into this coconut and when
we picked it up Tom said no you need a
drill for that and and me and I'll feel
like night are you fine
I think tom is right you need a drill
yeah hey we've come out to lunch very
very good agreement we haven't eaten
really
Wow I had yoga by Mackenzie and I didn't
know what i was in swellview you like
the boy to carry under my corporate yeah
I know the cheap mighty things I can't
have this happen it is hot oh my
goodness isn't it
I feel like I'm back in 3 Camaro having
a nice coffee
I feel like you know you never people
just on stage about the everything come
instead I think I feel like this is your
mother
yeah we don't see me and Kristen away
but it's not my real life yum yum yum
yum yum yum yummy yummy yummy yummy I'm
like a time Oh Bessie Oh bless you Oh
Jim oh wow any more okay we're currently
in a taxi and we're going to do a little
bit of shopping which I'm very excited
about what why do you need king of skip
what goes on it was dirty good yeah it's
like melted to them why most of our
foods are so fascinated summaries not
our hops happen yes Happy's always part
oh that's why I'm willing to I know it
just sort of melting round it where is
it it's the king of the skin your skin
is like a bar that you always dress up
with Tyler is obsessed with it and it
just kind of melts and trickling down
the sink in a weird like these things
like you know I can earpiece it looks
like thorns it like kind of move
shake Maria I don't like okay like a
giant one of those lunch was delicious
I am so full now and we just walk past
it like loads of things on the ceiling I
love it Ram it okay we need to cross you
ready
no I wash is daily campaign okay okay
and it's in census expansion is illegal
to be gay they're prosecuted and have
big stomach done such as the death
penalty holding your hand shots of
panache is making take awareness to the
algae
making sure that gays okay and love is
everything I agree
look how cool they are as well so we're
going to open up a text okay yeah oh no
don't eat it please zone also happen it
you can do it which one did you just eat
Jimmy don't know how long that's been
you could have at least gone for like
cupcake or something was cupcake
oh it's not bad anyway so we're in lush
right now I'm picking up a few goodies
because I've got some stuff in my basket
and then I was like oh we could do face
Mars and that's when Jim came along
inside eat a face mask
oh these two should just never be
allowed in less basically picked up of
you a little bit my favorite one from I
love this Mel as well you know boy are
you sorry Alfie that's really loud Oh
cheer me all right on it I can't even
lay its make another sick I need these
noises oh my oh my aunt Anna getting
really carried away in anthropology
you should never I brought me here a
Poisson process and if I got more video
in the past when I come
um I've wanted this for ages and I'm now
going to get it and I'm buying me and
Tom one of these do one new person
getting put on a little present I've
already bought you your birthday present
I think my battery ran out a minute ago
but what I was saying wondering this is
a Q&A and it's a question and answer a
day 365 questions for five years
so I bought one photon as well as a
little present and we both have to fill
them out and in five years time we have
to read it yeah we have to read the
whole thing back to each other and this
part pleased me immensely I love this
I've put one of these in the basket
because it's copper and it's candle
Alfie wouldn't let me have one of these
why did you replace I didn't even smell
it I just liked it because of birth does
it smell okay that's a bonus I also
really like these like but what would
you put like a single flower I like
those this place is huge
like huge it's so cool I like these no
never I've never been in the shop I've
never been in a show I'm talking about
diarrhea are you nothing
why did you really catch me ah him
you're the one making mischief in the
background no you have to watch your
back on this image carefully Oh
everyone's gonna be writing in the
comments what you doing I'm saying if
you can hear this then oh really
watch out
oh yeah we like this
I know that might be
just having to turn a bit of shopping
our through ecology outfit lifting my
feet up you're probably not allowed to
be on the bed it's really comfortable oh
and I did
hurry that's the travefy of a horror
film
thank you know you'll get dragged from
one of the you love finds one of the
things on my bucket list is to learn to
play the piano now Tanya burr can
actually play the piano and she can do
it pretty damn well so we've been sat
here for like the last 20 minutes she's
been trying to teach me river flows in
you which is one of my favorite songs on
the piano I'm gonna put this here why
should I put it perfect
yay she's learning I like it right now
right yeah yeah
I'm gonna speed up so it sounds like I'm
doing it really well
now should I try give you a hand fee
yeah ready let me see what it is what is
feel bad
hey I'm not gonna get it right now
so okay ready yeah
oh sorry I don't know when so I just
need to know in the space that comes in
so when you join your second one of fat
that's what I can obtain but ready yeah
I'm ready
sorry
I don't how much way and yes once we get
it if it works that last bit was better
well it's really good that's really good
yeah think you actually call it
fingering and piano so it's something so
immature sorry so eventually in time
once I have these lessons of town I will
be able to play that should we buy my
drink shall we say to them that a
Christmas will do as you go for them
Jerome I do for them okay yeah I'll
really try all right now maybe I should
get one of these in practice at home
well even though I can't read your
favorite song to play Christmas um was a
really good Christmassy sell on the
piano Merry Christmas we wish you a
Merry do that I don't know if my heart
or the fast ones can't take my favorite
uniting tank maybe when we get home from
dinner we'll get the Christmas Carol
book oh yeah I like that I want a name
oh yeah yeah
and we have to
that's what you value
I actually do feel like we're all on
holiday right now I'm just makes me it
was like unit like your clothing she's
got a tan and everything I mind you
holidays my head like duh what you doing
Jim yeah I'm feeling down
Jim very tired on again you can only
tell faces eyes get smaller my kid
Jim Lawson is now going out to the
balsamic vinegar
come on James
well how is that was that worth it never
bracket
time you'd give a break nitrous
oh yeah
get that taste of balsamico your mouth
do it again it sounds so good when you
do it
you
because mr. haibach armed with music oh
well that was a lot better than mine
we're at the park again see if I just
pick the track without holdin a very
nice we're having a really nice I mean
it was here the terminus or I don't know
maybe excellent Thank You limits one
people antics um I've gotta show this is
brighten my day
Yosh under I should never buy ribbon at
our show it's so true the town
this is daddy any noise you could tell
brother and I love this film and it
makes me mr. bin with you it's nice
bento we know to do so grains we can
match me come again damn it
yeah we're cooking up a nice breakfast
we got Taylor Swift we got Cheers
what no no we got tight art ha ha ha
we haven't got Taylor anymore and we're
making up some scrambled eggs we got
some fruit lots of eggs and alkies on
chart on charge in charge of beef in
Revere
well once it starts shrinking you might
be able to get them in looks nice though
looks like good quality bacon are you
done yes Tommy
there you go
I was in charge of ketchup everyone's
got hot that's Jim everyone I tried to
do heart on tons but it didn't work very
well
my heart doesn't look great either but
yay breakfast Oh have you made a friend
