good morning guys today is another
beautiful day Althea's on a photo shoot
today and we woke up and it was raining
and it was dark and I lit all the
candles in the house and now the sun's
come out um Alfie always gets very lucky
in that sense today I am wearing this
adorable
and what's this cord not corduroy I
forgotten but it's from new look and it
is this lovely purpley color it's a
little pinafore dress I've totally
forgotten what it's called that kind of
fabric hmm you're really annoying me
you're probably like screaming it this
stuff would like the lines I don't know
I forgot anyway
I'm filming a video which is why I'm all
like makeup DUP and I am filming a
pumpkin spice cupcakes with cinnamon
cream cheese frosting hello Missy and
it's going to be delicious and I'm
filming it for my main Channel video
I've already all set out the ingredients
so I'll give you a little sneak peek
this is ingredients for the cream cheese
frosting and this is ingredients for the
actual cakes but I am going to be
putting a blog post up at the same time
as this video so that will be going up
on Sunday so you don't have to wait too
long
kinda long sorry about that um I've also
got my Kitchen Aid out and some little
pumpkins and my case isn't gold and
foiled and I'm most excited and I feel
like these are going to taste amazing I
also ordered this which I am so excited
to use as a cast Kidston Christmas
organizer I've never seen a Christmas
organizer before but I just thought it
was so cute and it has loads of look at
this forms and it has just lots of
really lovely things in it so I'm
definitely going to be using this to
organize my Christmas and on another
note some new shoes these are from ASOS
and they say nightmare which I thought
was very cute and
a little bit of my breakfast which was a
nectarine tasted nice though
cupcakes are done and I've just finished
editing a vlog however something weird
has happened to a couple of the cupcakes
and I'm not sure why look like what is
that it's like it's like the cupcakes
thrown up whilst it was in the oven it
was like area I'm getting too hot and
threw up I'm not sure but they look good
they smell really good some of them
weren't pointed so I don't know what
that means
Oh oh my goodness I'm just so excited to
decorate these they're just cooling down
now and then I'm going to film the
decoration part which I haven't started
doing yet but yeah there we go that's
those done so I am most excited to see
what he's taste like as weirdly I have
never I look very purple all of a sudden
not sure why weirdly I've never tasted
anything with pumpkin in it before ever
although I've had a pumpkin spice hot
chocolate because I don't drink coffee
so I haven't had a latte but I have had
a pumpkin spice hot chocolate and that
tasted really nice drinking wise but I
haven't ever eaten anything I've never
had a pumpkin pie and I've never had
pumpkin cupcakes so I'm quite excited to
see what these tastes like look at my
little pumpkin pumpkin this going on
here and here are the finished results I
actually think they don't look that bad
they look amazing and they taste
delicious
hello I don't normally wear my hair in
like a low bun um I am a just finished
uploading a vlog just tidied up the
kitchen Nullah
I've lost my dog and I am so tired it's
been a long day
it's taken me how many hours did that
take me I think I started filming the
cupcake video at 1:00 it's now quarter
past 5:00 so I'm sorry this video hasn't
been that interesting I've basically
just been baking all day I also have two
spots coming on my chin and you can
really see them regardless of the fact
that I have makeup on which is really
annoying
um what else was I gonna say oh so I was
on Astor website last night because they
had quite a few of their like
Christmassy kind of bedding etc and I
always like to kind of deck the spare
bedroom out in kind of like a Christmas
theme I've always done it I've always
wanted to make wherever I am Christmasy
and obviously now I share a bedroom with
Alfie I don't make the bedroom like
full-on Christmasy although I will be
Christmas applying it slightly but the
spare room for me where I mostly film my
videos is where I kind of make up the
backdrop and it just means that whenever
guests come to stay they're staying in
Christmas paradise so I ordered a few
things from the Asda website last night
like bedsheets cushions etc all lovely
and so affordable and I also ordered a
couple of like autumnal bits like a
couple of cushions and a bedding like
bed sheet which had woodland animals on
it so I'm sure at some point this
evening I will be making up the bed it
needs the sheets need changing anyway
but they were only 14 pounds for a
king-sized duvet I thought that was
really good so yeah very excited about
that um I'm wondering whether Alfie will
notice or not I don't think he will it
doesn't really go in that room very much
apart from to steal my camera lights so
I don't think he'll notice but these
cakes I'm not just saying this because I
made them but they are so like spongy
and just delicious best eyelet I can't
finish this though you know sometimes
when you've been baking all day the last
thing you want to do is eat your cakes
that is what I get like um I always
wondered why sometimes my dad used to
say whenever I cook the Christmas dinner
on Christmas Day I'm never hungry when
it comes to actually eating it and now I
kind of realize what he means it's just
and also because you nibble as you go so
I was nibbling the cake and I was also
eating a lot of the cream cheese
frosting and now I feel really full
hello so yeah I'm gonna I'm going to
come back to that in a bit I hope
he likes them actually I kind of want to
take some round to alfea's mom and dad
and poppy and Shawn and see if they like
them but also because I have 24 and
they're gonna go off if I don't
distribute them quickly so I'm going to
have to do a little rally round of cake
this evening I think I'll sneeze tell
them me off because my cough is really
bad and I said I think I need to go to
the doctors because it's really bad now
I thought this out which is what I did a
two weeks I've not tried this I just
waiting it was your voice medicine
because it tastes so bad like toast
taking medicine spoon is so like when
you're 5 years old like I take stuff ok
that's enough that's enough they have to
charge this is good
ok come over here why am i guess future
yeah the couple it is oh god it's gonna
make me gagging oh my gosh just put it
in your mouth it will quit your back
tears running out no I'm holding it
don't spit it out just swallow it
straight away
slowly were here you are such an
exaggerator you hold that and fight
another one don't like yeah well you
also don't like your do ya come on
done easy now you just have to do that
up to eight times a day
well I'm joking no idiot that's horrible
try to click off link to link tea licked
us oh you only meant to take one shut up
joke you're not really under 1 years old
ha have you had a good day such like
literally such a good day like so
productive good so today guess what I
did all my office furniture arrives on
Friday perfect
so alright guess what I did you filmed a
new video filmed my video but I also
baked oh yeah you should be a picture
maybe neat look properly do I try
please do you want to try one please
review it you pick one which one do you
want that one looks like the most smooth
although that one looks good
go on then take one or there saw yeah
obviously there 9 is it like pumpkin
spice awesome yeah papa by hmm no no I
thought they hmm
taste cheesy it's cream cheese what is
the whole cake taste cheesy it's not
supposed to taste cheesy who did you not
all say that no idea to the whole game
but the first thing you said was it
tastes cheesy
no one can automate please it's the
cream cheese but it's got its got a
butter and icing and cinnamon and
vanilla extract in it so it shouldn't
taste of cream cheese
hmm Tessa Emmental and saving the food
what does it actually do you actually
like it what we need of new finish -
more than every year I'm not 19 no no
yes sure
whenever you have the time to play it
okay you know my shoe didn't do the
photo shoot just play the game
you're not fair on my life I'm sixteen
same are you still 60 yeah you're still
16 - yeah you've been a little down been
busy did you like the cake give it
everything on 0 to GZ it's quite sure I
don't you do this shows that is good
Rob nearly finished Avenue does it
actually taste cheesy oh this is so good
you're so Mila look at Nala waiting for
you to drop down oh oh oh go get is good
I let Nala lick the cream cheese spoon
did you yeah
she loved it Oh gonna Nora
no don't give her any weight please rate
it tell me if you like do you like it
oh my rating you probably got me just my
chin probably seven got my head in shop
what are you gonna give it no thank you
one I bought the taste of cough medicine
yeah let's get rid of it what Jesus good
I mean cakes good is anyone gonna sound
so horrible I would give that what is
that oh it's my new mug some cat kids
that's also probably 12 times the amount
of liquid you can drink in one sitting
well put water in it and I'll get
hydrated
can you please no I having more time is
you having water because you don't like
yet no it's just you know like when you
get that started a restaurant what's it
called where you have bread and it's
either melted cheese sundae yeah you
have to drink that's it I'm not I'm not
filling this that you watch
you're mean guys I like the cake so if
it does get to Sunday and you want to
watch the video and make the cakes then
I'm sure you'll like them Alfie's just
over exaggerating let's stop fake
gagging you're so mean you're mean just
get strata outside night there's no one
you jealous Elfie yeah I'm on about my
belly have I told you then I'm back home
cuz I'm back home my focal your camera
Oh ones here oh um blue da ba dee da ba
die I do not really blue today and pale
huh okay let's just come back a little
from the window okay so it's the next
day I'm doing nothing again where I
didn't finish my vlog the day before so
I'm finishing it the day after
good going Zoe just to let you guys know
that right now as you're watching this
vlog my tickets for my book sale have
gone live there will be a link in the
description box follow that it will have
all the information everything you need
to know I could try and tell you it now
but let's be honest you've all click the
link anyway or you clicked off the video
and you're not watching anymore
either way click the link everything's
there really excited to see you very
excited for a book tour thank you for
watching the video
Alfie House said the cupcakes didn't
taste of cheese just to clarify and they
were delicious so hope you're excited
for Sunday's video bye
