another day another slogan does running
out of Pizza count as cardio ah I wish
it did
Maddie's here today we're having a very
productive work day um knowledge here
barking or birds someone's at the door
with delivery maybe this is the delivery
that alfea's are waiting for all day
I think it might be I'll see your
package what's happened math buddies
making my mat like a pancake in it I
don't think I can like you should pick
them over but it's gonna all fall apart
and it all looks so good like that what
am I gonna do this is where we need
Alfie because you just slide it onto a
plate and it still look pretty like that
but I want to make sure this bit oh yeah
I'm not sure that's bits cooked we're
gonna do this try and like flip and toss
it's just like the tomatoes are like
flip and toss like slide it and then or
maybe fold it in half yeah that's what
I'm that's what I want to do fold it in
half so you go over yeah that's it man
oh yeah
successful omelet we don't normally make
Mady make her a lunch thing when she
comes around she's just like oh do you
mind if I make an omelette like go for
it
also I don't know how to make omelets
fish which is bad because I mean they're
not are they hard no I don't I was
saying I don't like them because I once
had like a horror story where I ate an
omelet and I think I probably just had a
bug or a virus and I was very very ill
and now I associate that with omelets
whereas really they're just essentially
like flat scrambled egg oh yeah good
stuff in some stuff inside but does look
good you looking for a plate mother
you can go pretty or plain pretty ah
always so Alfie just went into town and
he said that he would pick me and Maddie
up some cupcakes what actually happened
was he bought them and left them on the
side so now I have been asked to make
cookies no you are off you I did I offer
yeah I think you both were like yeah you
should be a great idea Zoey so I'm I'm
gonna make some cookies so I've got all
my ingredients and the oven is preheated
and I will get back to you when the
cookies are in progress all finished
I'm using Tonya's recipe in her book and
to make the cookies oh my goodness I
just don't have a recipe stand so I'm
just going to kind of hold it there
there we go right so you will need 200
grams of butter 300 grams of caster
sugar 1 large egg 275 grams of
self-raising flour 75 grams of cocoa
powder a dash of milk and whatever
chocolate you want okay guys we've got
to the exciting bit adding the chocolate
I also just want to show you how cute
this spoon is you can't really see if it
says they're on a signature bake I got
sent it to my peers box which is very
cute okay you don't help us Missy come
and help out you gonna do some starving
did you know there's such a thing as
pupcake well hold on Nona
good girl nope I can't don't hit all the
cookies you don't agree with it okay
Alfie wants to put some Kinder Bueno in
me and might be on shore get the ball in
our and so what I'm going to do is roll
we don't want too much white chocolate
and that one
you're gonna roll the cookies how big do
we want someone lalala there we go like
a little mini cow oh so much like so I
don't know where that's gone look so
Maddie's popped a few Kinder Bueno Xin
this one for our theme oh this is when
yours mad so I did my time I might know
I might put maybe a couple on this one
because this one didn't have much
chocolate in it what's that man just
helping me clear up for you yep got two
it's like baking with the media every
now and then a little hand go then
okay Matt's gonna film me putting them
in the oven right these are the small
small ones which still huge technically
that all supposed to be this side but
sometimes it's nice to make them
slightly bigger oh my god those it those
are monster cookies
I like dessert okay 10 mins boom fresh
out the oven yummy yummy yummy the
Ferrero rocher's
oh no what are they called for Kinder
Bueno they got a bit burnt on the top
guys but I'm thinking they might just
taste kind of caramelized maybe my mom
Brea yeah this one didn't really have a
lot going for it so I put a few on there
and it broke when I tried to transfer it
and so I'll have that one but how is it
good good mad
get and these are the rest yummy yummy
guys look how cool this is dolly
magazine which is available in Australia
and it says exclusive the relevant view
I think this is like a yeah youtuber
special 16 page youtuber special Connor
Franta Tyler Oakley Lauren Curtis little
C plus 18 more vloggers we can't get
enough of yeah let's have a look this is
when I met the really lovely girl when
she came to Brighton her name was Ruby
Lee she was very very sweet um here we
go look picture of me and Alfie so Erin
Elsie with me and there's another one
and this is my interview everything from
Alfie to zoella um yeah and it's really
cool
and there's lots of other youtubers let
this Jay so if you love Alfie and Marcus
then you'll love Trey Cameron so yeah
what fun
hi guys so this is a slight abrupt
interruption to the vlog and that is
because I am editing it and I realise
that it kind of ended soon and not a lot
else happened so um I forgot I actually
do have footage from when I went to go
and see Louise do her live show so
instead of you having kind of half a day
of footage I'm going to insert my
footage from the day I went to see
Louise live in Coventry and I hope you
enjoy it hello my boobie nearly popped
out slightly inappropriate um I am in
Coventry today I've just driven for
three hours to come and see Louise do
her Fang on stage country's far away
realise how it was and the university is
massive very cool though um here's my
outfit I'll just show you little crop
top from Topshop jeans from Topshop
these are the Joanie jeans my fave and
tell you a funny story I was at the
petrol station getting petrol and my run
up to me and he said
just want to tell you you're the cutest
girl I've seen all weekend MA thing and
then he was like you look really cool
and Parisien and you know really really
cute like I'm Jason and you shook my
hand I was like thank you and Zoe little
swoops I run off it's like still got it
still gotta pull at the trade at train
station petrol station so Louise has
gone here we're in her dressing room I'm
here it is look oh nice
let's have a little nosey at all my
makeup what she got here as I walked in
us like it smells of Louise I'm not sure
what perfume that is but it smells of
Louise which one is it Oh Juicy Couture
there we go I thought Louise smells like
if ever you would like to know um yeah I
feel like I should hide and make her
jump
is there a cupboard great we did folks
we go in there just in time
what is like that that's how you make a
jump
I have been watching malfunction gnarly
like this McCarty was too big and I
looked a bit like oh it looks nice
though now I love their where's this
from
why do you think a sauce that yes sure
my dad Tony and I went to get a nice you
know
does it look weird chummy's just eating
croissant on my boobs before I got me to
a class on I just want to show them this
card so this is Louise's bad pickup I
was supposed to give that ages ago um it
says less popular nail varnish colors
which is your fave um cheap ham I quite
like mysterious rash or grandma's
dentures I mean I like Alexandrov
shimmer dandruff shimmer mmm and you'll
never know what it says ah surprises
I look at way of doing it how are you
feeling Jame rate right one spoonful
from
what fashion stir do a video on that
well I was crazy for this so right now
I'm looking I'm feeling good
just thinking about some exciting facts
about commentary for the intro so let's
do a little bit about the town turns out
there isn't anything interesting about
proper tricks
sorry problem to treat from there
seriously
very anything called your hair wait am I
the best thing about Coventry right I
got one wonderful got one you can save
it getting every box treasure
Shuggie point to Alfie and say well
thanks for coming I was way too
aggressive I'm gonna sugar oh goodness
yeah will it cost more more you can
never have enough that's not it like
lyrics of a song oh no you drop the
bottle
what does it smell of Oh No okay let's
keep it shut boy I don't have to keep
the farmers even will look up quick dumb
I'm gonna lock you in okay yeah yeah
nothing
it was all a bit much sleeves Louise
good yeah fantastic I'm very excited
and usually I think you're too far even
if you come like really far off like Oh
God Deb you fill this ten minutes rather
than trying to find something eh as they
say about commentary really sorry for
fog poetry right I get it
no hunting what's there literally
nothing there is a good Primark I have a
special guest today the show
2012 your students to do that if you
don't want yeah when we connect one to
three feet a little bit by pitch like
this
ping-pong one two three I don't think
people in the back with it
we just have just the back so just the
pup see that seat flat - things that
sort of takes on back Lauren come back
with the ankle keeping your buoyancy 93
and this section is to be divided which
is tricky you looked like you had
something like that very much that
what's your name how old are you I'm
very cute I like together you're killing
the whole show so do you is that all
that that wasn't me I'm Melanie and do
you think that your parents will need oh
well I've actually got from boxing
yeah you can play Darcy yeah how's your
funny little sister I've got enough
childcare stuff so it's fine it's safe I
say your party I'm taking her to a
Wonderful Life to fit a tree in hopes
someone like thing as a magic cream like
you bottom so is truly multi dream on
sale now first though what year did
sprinkleofglitter
start what wait a second
Oh
it's the last buzz when do you think in
thousand nine that is correct right who
was my first ever YouTube collaboration
with anyone who did Daisy he wasn't with
sorry that's actually correct no name
unusual noise things very loudly and I'm
old f3 YouTube pets that was them over
here here we go nah
Pippin a Percy fast three and rocket
yeah whatever my friend that look it was
in a one pitch perfect is it much better
than wheels
yeah this will appoint big pop around
yay it's really good I like it so far
yeah how about and what is in question
Becca how do you think your eyebrows do
you sleep well okay my eyebrows are
actually my facial nemesis they never
look right look at them closely right
all right wait it's not pressured
environment no one anyone just don't
though right so you just look really
close to my face one and my eyebrows is
darker than the other hands up if you've
ever not felt good about yourself and I
don't you like like my things everything
already fat but you might feel too soon
you might feel like not put my skin on
your arm or joyful thing I'm sure
there's something falls out a little bit
there up or hands up sounds like babe
okay so hands down I think that's pretty
much most of us some of us feel brave
ourselves and that's really cool but for
the most part we all have those days
when we feel really horrible ourselves
and in those days that's when you find
yourself telling yourself you look
disgusting
I'm done over my of look disgusting this
dress
in actual fact no one ever does look
disgusting but I'm going to do a survey
to prove to you that you don't get
disgusting so thank you so everybody
have a look around everybody else don't
invite me to come stay standing up if in
the last year you have looked at
yourself and they're not very point
yourselves and told yourself that you're
not good enough or that someone else is
better than you or if you just didn't
have if you just lost harmful so you
look better or if your hair's just five
inches long being the better or if you
just didn't have those spots you look
better
sit down you've never felt like a whole
year literally nobody sat down and a
alright stay standing up if in the last
month you've looked at yourself and
thought something negative about
yourself and thought oh just I'm not
going to know if I'm disgusting or
something not nice about me no one's
really sat down stay standing up if in
the last week you have a moment where
you felt not quite good enough not
tippity-top stay something up from the
last day and I'm still telling it had a
chair you know I'm in a car sit down and
be really embarrassing so this forum
Ralph them imaginable check if it will
last day today when you got ready for
the day you had a moment where you
thought oh that's not gone right or
they're having my higher
or compromising don't look right
eyelashes and a lot of people are still
some again she finish how did it go do
you like it yeah really good I love how
I got was a really good audience yeah
after that thanks for coming show me
that's okay like 7/8 alright we go away
