what is that restart gonna have some
more fish where that's our fees version
of honor to it so wow it's night time
one I said hi guys
well then please sir perhaps of all
we don't be currently on our way to see
our play-doh
you know I don't always hear playhead
the shadow makes it look like you've got
a monorail right now I'm probably do
have one anyway oh it's not really made
much difference
I'm very I'm very exhausted I don't work
here you're so photogenic yours is going
to look sick
oh no you're not seeing some of the
pictures of the playa head is going to
be eight times the size of yours we know
that anything we already know we gonna
do is yours obviously nice alone I just
think it's been really interesting to
see my head in 3d I've never seen my
head in 3d buzzes ooh has the yeah I'd
hate you almost I mean I'm about to see
my head looks like niversary your weird
love oh you got matching with Bob tells
you about that I always hear I delete
the comments power for you oh dear if we
really reach a back of the head
what does it look like elongated did you
know that guys Dalek you'll see it today
weird
Alfie holding my hair that's already
you're haunting what look a baby
got ya oh look at that
go ahead
it's really hard
reflexes one do it again let's move it
open open air no cuz how about let me do
it to you
Oh quick your race dusty not even get in
there is so annoying if you get it as it
comes out it still slides out oh my god
I don't like it go once more Oh what
else out they are Pyrrha
are
don't take your camera back
Jim point everyone used to do this and
their photos
used to be there this is the myspace
which is my space watch nothing down
look down to the side emo fringe huh
well it is it always used to be like a
sideways pal no that was just you your
display pictures actually like that
though that's the thing I want to do
like a reacting to my old photos because
some of my old photos are so funny I
feel like that would be quite
entertaining video let me know if you
want that what did you used to do in
your lot come see what did you used to
do in your display picture
I don't know Alfie used to do look I
never it yours
all those people that's always like
looking out into the distance no I never
ever used no I never ever used to have
display pictures I used to always just
have pictures were like from my party
themself or other people taking them of
me like handed yeah right you look at my
face I bet you're like hey hold the
camera and take a picture of me but I'm
gonna make it look like I'm gonna be
like that I'll be like only the distance
there's literally what I was thinking of
when Eddie that oh my goodness buddy
so I've been on it three for four weeks
and falling on my face like you I mean
it's a like quite lovely face as a pork
to appreciate oh so you know it feels
weird to see the eyes like that like
where you stick expose where you stick
the finger it's like the eyes are how to
create yeah scribe your eyes has always
been a bit like God see ya it comes to
sparkle to them yeah the one a little
like human right so there you know yeah
so he's having some stuff done I don't
know she's haven't done just some photo
things to see the ball
but it's nothing quite like we're it's
quite close to that because I'm tourism
because we could selfies would be almost
for a destroyed car whereas when you got
your door beneath in there was not
really much that they're also more
golden
because your hair this is how it works
marks gonna look guys hmm
sexy wax filler yes get a photo to a but
there's much puppies at your hair looks
really thick healthy he's getting beard
extensions can you get beard extensions
or something yeah oh yeah I'm just
getting extension on that doesn't he
have them in Pirates of the Caribbean Oh
my little boys yeah yeah
check those balls
Alfie about having his hair and his eye
color sorted oh wait no I think he's
showing them his ring it's basically a
chance for them to just kind of surf
down next we play head wireless focus
sit down with us next and Eclair has no
kind of just check that they think
they've got everything sorted for it
going on to the next stage which
actually gets turned into wax which
thing is on the next stage which is the
coloring in the hair thing look how much
bigger out these headers than mine it's
actually quite fun it's more we're
headed and these are actually two
percent bigger than the actual than our
actual heads so these are two percent
bigger and I think mine is actually
really quite small
okay so being our feet are going to be
doing a sculpting competition
yeah so that will be very exciting oh
and the team away whatever screws
you don't want your face to dry out
racist people enjoy soon do you know
what it has maybe realize how crooked my
nose is crooked your noses yeah I have a
crooked nose I always tell people
they're like no you don't but I actually
do if you look straight on you can see
it going to this various do you know why
I do
no it's because they used to set myself
yeah suck my thumb so it pushed it don't
look at them for too long yeah no I did
because I used to do that I use the
pusher I promise you that is why
you should say chick-fil-a did you talk
about yeah no I didn't actually we are
now back from the fitting and I am
currently cooking us dinner and going to
make some good old pie mashed potato and
peas which is actually one of my
favourite meals is a complete comfort
food dish not made from scratch just one
add um but I wanted to show you this
because I went to TK Maxx with my mum
not too long ago and I really did try
and refrain from buying anything copper
because I do feel like my addiction is
getting slightly out of hand although I
will say not everything in my kitchen is
copper and I feed my house is copper and
left the freezer open oh I know why
because I'm getting peas out and but
yeah look I did find this though look
how cute its copper here but then it's
silver inside and it has a little so
cute and so I did get that but I think
that that's okay um did I take the label
off the bottom yes I did
don't want to be burning that on a naked
flame so I'm gonna put some peas on and
it was so cool to see our wax head and
also just kind of hearing about how it's
all made I find it all very fascinating
because it does take a really really
long time
and today they were just kind of making
sure that everything looked you know
relatively on track which it did I
thought it looked amazing and they were
kind of checking the eyes with the right
shade and the hair and yeah it was just
it's very exciting it does feel really
weird to be like I went and met my play
head it's just a strange sentence what I
never thought I would be saying it's
such a beautiful evening I wanted to be
like this always I'm currently writing
my book laughs
sniffing me hot letter I'm currently
writing my book and Oh hmm getting a bit
of vitamin D at the same time I'm really
I don't know what this angle is oh hey
it's just me and a question um I am
really enjoying it's getting to like the
nitty-gritty kind of I'm basically I
would say I'm in the last excuse me
she's going mental
I had to mold you out of clay today it
was difficult
come on hop down hop down we're trying
to teach her that she only comes on the
sofa when she's invited
Nullah Oh was that Bert she's tired then
I'll speak to their dog like they think
their dog understands English
so you little bit do you understand me
can you hear me
deal with me Bella do you love me do you
love me oh-ho you are you so cute mother
why are you so cute
I get you get a treat for that because
that was very cute well what treats
these ones these are beautiful Joe's
ethical dog treats she loves these
they're pieces of liver sold in aid of
dogs in need Oh oh goodness I can't open
the tin there we go
funny story I actually dropped this
entire tin on the floor the other day
and completely burst out like into
laughter crying like I was crying of
laughter because it was so funny because
she was like the fastest who've you've
ever seen down good girl
flutter
such a good dog you're setting and old
whose house is this
his Louise from the 1950 wait is that
1950s or 40s look how stunning she looks
ah I've been on a top-secret fashion
shoot today which I can't take that on
now I'm going to the top secret
oh I do have a toffee krisp probably
waiting to stop filming
