good morning everybody today is a very
special day your one today aren't you
I love how I think she's gonna reply
Nana and Buzz are one years old today so
5th of September 12 months you've been
alive for 12 months well done and well
done to me and Alfie for keeping you
alive so we are gonna go for a
celebratory walk on the beach because
it's one of her favorite things to do
and then I'm gonna cut then we're going
to do a bit of food shopping I think and
then I'm going to make cupcakes because
pupcakes is it a cupcake okay pupcake
peepee Fiji pupcakes
or poke cakes as a few saying which is
kind of like a dog friendly cupcake
basically because tomorrow we're
actually gonna be celebrating with
alphas family and Buzz as well because
people are busy today and I've also kind
of gone all out obviously I have I don't
do anything a tiny bit so we part to you
we've got two one balloons one for Nala
one for Buzz and I also bought a little
pug cookie cutter cuz I'm gonna make
cookies for the adults I've also got
some little party hats and I've got some
little napkins that go with the party
hats and a little happy birthday garland
and then with the pup cakes and then
you're gonna have your little party
tomorrow yes you are she'll go for a
walk now
should go for a walk happy walk shall we
go for a walk happy also how beautiful
are these flowers that Google sent me
for hitting 9 million subscribers aren't
they so amazing and they came in this
little bars which I also really like I
just love the color of this rose it's
like a dusky pink really really super
pretty we're now down on the
I'm an art and knowledge here obviously
Alfie she's walking quite well it's just
every time she sees a dog she gets
really excited
I'm scared it's gonna rain it looks very
gray the sea looks very still though
doesn't a dog-friendly beach what's new
that's not always been there where's the
dogs only be set 20 miles this way no
it's not no I'm just guessing your dog
is welcome on the beach between these
barriers oh okay so this one's the dog
beach here we're now on the dog friendly
Beach I think it's just like a section
between the walls she doesn't like the
sea though
I don't like you just got back from the
walk and not only did I get those lovely
flowers from Google which was so nice I
also just got some flowers from gleam
with a balloon I've got so many balloons
in this house right now hey min alfi are
going food shopping now to grab some
bits and pieces and I want to grab some
ingredients for the cupcakes and the
cookies so we're currently in pets at
home trying to look for presents or not
on base so far we've got buzz a dragon
and Nala a blanket where are you oh yeah
but she likes a hedge okay she's got my
it's sticking out maybe if we find
something similar lista oh look she
might like this out because this is like
the thing Anna got with a little fishing
yeah but it needs got squirrels
replacements everyone
this is our trolley so far it looks very
healthy and very colorful oh that's
Alfie's way of getting stuff in
literally just throw it it's fine Yammy
Yammy of lot stuffier who's just trying
out some old ladies somewhere now is the
part where Alfie has to put everything
in the car because he gets annoyed at me
if I do if it goes wrong because I just
throw the eggs what we play it's like a
game of Tetris
although idea hey I was really good at
packing it actually in the bag you'll
find I have found I have found we just
met the most lovely viewer and her mum
they were so lovely and sweet was so
nice I didn't realize how like I feel
like we wouldn't like probably the
youngest people in that Oh a bridge a
average age was like 60 yeah it was
quite nice day I
old ladies smell great I was like all
her perfume smells amazing
oh damn king of Tetris amazing and we're
close to the twenty park you also might
get run over
we can Holly stop I think he needs more
practice me and a fee were just saying I
feel like reverb my name is yesterday
yeah I thought about my face to me
yesterday you said cuz we were outside
that's crazy
I knew her yeah look at your nose in my
camera yeah funny little bit sudden you
get burned me Alfie were just saying in
the shop then it was all parents and
elderly people and we got stopped by
three different sets of parents in there
just then it was three wasn't it yeah
yeah it's what they're the kids what I
was just a parent one of the doctors I
can either sell few of you sorry yeah
funny I like meeting the parents just as
much like if my parents I was younger my
parents right someone no no no I got a
picture with bust it or something I
would have been like is really cool and
then I always think they must be the
coolest parents like to think like that
because like some parents could let you
be like oh I think I'm retired doctor
Watchers oh yeah we signed a little
better but some people might think oh
that's the person my daughter watches on
YouTube cool other parents go I'm gonna
get a photo like like parents okay let's
go
not as probably like we're
everyone on a number of d√°il but
abandoned brain freeze I've got a
headache now if it was like why aren't
you drinking more water like because
it's so freakin cold I can't so cold you
know and you swallow any go you can feel
it go yeah way down right out to the
other side
don't normally do things like this but I
thought because I got all the washing
washing up shopping out of the bags and
Alfie's actually gonna put them away
because it is weird Tetris thing and
putting things away so whilst I've laid
it all out in different categories we've
got fridge cupboard over this side
cupboard over this side I thought I
would give you a little bit of like a
shopping haul I suppose boot shop all
sort of some of the things I've bought
so this is everything I kind of got for
baking for the cookies and the cupcakes
then we've got some chicken these I love
these he's kind of remind me of being a
kid like the little but they're just
good for like snack drinks just quickly
grabbing one out the fridge you know is
this interesting fruit or look at this
caramel frappe sweet creamy desserts not
focusing but trust me it looks amazing
there you go hmm nectarines which are
one of my favorite fruits this is the
best mashed potato you will ever find
that isn't made from scratch um I love
mashed potato you guys know how much I
love mashed potato because I go on about
it all the time my dad's mash is the
best mash but I'm quite lazy when it
comes to mashed potato and I hate
peeling potatoes it really hurts my
hands so when you want to do it quickly
this is the best mash and trust me I've
tried a lot we've got some spinach we've
got some strawberries we've got some
Tomatoes almond milk sweet treat which
is for Alfie I do not like beetroot
salmon is for Alfie I don't like someone
either mascarpone
we've got more desserts I kind of went a
bit crazy on desserts this is a
temporary rhubarb and custard trifle
yummy triple chocolate sundae yummy and
this is my ultimate phase it's the Marks
and Spencers profiterole dessert mmm if
you guys know me you'll know I do love a
good profiterole got avocado this is the
best Greek yogurt also that you will
ever find anywhere so it is a lot more
fatty ten percent fat and it's the
authentic Greek yogurt
but it's so good I have this for
breakfast with berries and honey and it
is incredible it's so thick and creamy
and amazing and I love it basically no
other Greek yogurt comes close
then we've got some peppers we've got
this is for out these so we've got super
wheat berry got super rice and quinoa
seem to have three of those some great
more match four cheese ravioli which is
amazing Oh
raspberries look how good these cherries
look I don't normally buy cherries but
they look really good
baby corn guinea pigs love that I'll be
bought a Philip steak got some sweet
potatoes and Alfie bought one of these
things which I know he's going to
absolutely love trying to fit in the
fridge and open also and then over here
we've got kind of like the dry food that
doesn't need to go in the fridge oh and
also two toothbrushes could we kind of
need them don't you find that replacing
your toothbrushes or you're the head of
your toothbrush is something that you
kind of forget quite easily but it does
need to be done quite regularly because
obviously once the bristles go soft it's
not cleaning your teeth properly so I
was like ooh when was the last time we
bought a new toothbrush I kind of
flicked between a manual kind of hold on
in your hand go around your teeth
toothbrush and I also have a Sonicare
one which is pink and amazing and I go
through phases where I like to use both
so at the moment I'm going for the
manual and I need a new one and I also
picked one up for a fee because oral
hygiene these which are amazing got two
of these some fakirs these which you
guys all know I love doughnuts these
which I actually just put in my August
favorites I love them so much tiny tiny
little rolls I don't know what I'm gonna
do with these but they were so cute it's
like bite sized sandwiches eggs bagels
multi-seat bloomer slices wholemeal pita
bread some bananas and some panna
shockula yummy
then over this in this section lots and
lots of right right packets some soy
sauce and some Marmite and that's pretty
much everything we bought
how exciting oh yeah well that's like oh
my god is he okay neither is he okay we
need to give her her present selfie
should we give them to her now come on
have your green tea I just made this for
you that's right Nala you get him up
lick his face Oh what is he doing
she's just standing by your head looking
optimist you say no God you daddy's
gonna sleep she owned him
yeah see she you want to sleep with me
nope
come on cuz then the sooner you put the
shopping away this you know I can start
thinking and the sooner you have some
green tea the sooner you wake up I am
actually really tired for some reason
kind of do but have a lot to do know I
have so much to do I don't I need to
bake I need to bake dog cupcakes what
should do it and I need to bake pug
cookies for the adults just cuz I want I
don't have to but I want to come on
come on normally you're so good come on
we're having such a productive day oh
I'm so tired we did have some cooking
this breakfast to be seriously probably
why don't you have a sip of this and
we'll make some lunch okay come on well
you've got a lot of selection about what
you and a half for lunch I might have
some yogurt yeah you've got a lot of
rice basically okay guys so I'm gonna
get started on the pug shaped cookies I
got this cookie cutter from eBay just a
little pug shape it's cute isn't it
and these are gonna be for humans to eat
so we don't have to make these dog
friendly and I'm using this recipe which
is the ultimate American iced sugar
cutouts from this book which is a
thousand and one cupcakes cookies and
other competing treats I think I got
this as a present from someone but I
can't actually remember who so I'm
terribly sorry if you bought this and I
can't remember who got it for me was it
Louise maybe I can't remember but yes
I'm using this recipe I will zoom in and
let you pause that if you want to see it
and you can bake along with me first
thing we need to do is measure out B of
butter
oh so it's a hundred grams of sugar
but massive love just came out in my
mixing bowl and pop that in okay got
butter all over my hand now we need to
mix this until it is light and fluffy
you're right they're out now it says to
add half a teaspoon of vanilla extract
and two eggs into a separate Bowl and
gradually pull back into the butter and
sugar
okay now we've got the eggs and the
sugar and the butter and the vanilla
extract I think we now have to add the
flour and the salt I read somewhere that
if you put baking powder into a cookie
mixture and you want to do a shape it
can make it go a bit kind of out of
shape and it makes it grow a lot more
this recipe does have baking powder but
I don't know whether I really want to
put it in because it's gonna make it
rise a bit and puff out a little bit and
I kind of want them to really stay this
shape so maybe I should just put a tiny
bit in I think this is a small small
amount it says one teaspoon so maybe
I'll do half a teaspoon instead
okay so this is currently what I am left
with it's like really thick cake mix it
says it should be a dough I just feel
like this isn't a dough but I'm gonna
pop it in a freezer bag and put it in
the fridge for an hour which is what it
says
I'm guessing it's supposed to look like
this but I'm sure when I've made cookies
before it looks more doughy than that so
I don't know and I don't have any
pictures to go by apart from the
finished picture so I don't know I'm
just gonna put it in a freezer bag
it says wrapping things down but I don't
have anything a freezer bag will have to
do this just does not seem right look at
it that's not dough that's like thick
cake mix and I added a bit more flour to
that oh I don't know maybe in an hour it
won't be like that okay okay one thing
I'm hoping I can do slightly more
successfully is the cupcakes I need one
large egg one banana some shredded
carrot this is one cup of shredded
carrots this is all an American
measurements I found a little recipe on
Pinterest a third of a cup of peanut
butter 1/4 cup of vegetable oil 1/4 cup
of honey 1 cup of whole wheat flour or
just all-purpose flour or plain flour
1/3 cup of porridge oats one teaspoon of
baking soda and one teaspoon of pure
vanilla extract pretty sure you just
throw it all in a bowl
so hopefully this can't go wrong
combined egg banana carrot peanut butter
oil honey and vanilla in a bowl right
okay so I'm actually going to grate my
carrots I think because then it's going
to be tiny little pieces and I've got my
cup measurement so I'm gonna do it in
two that hopefully okay I would say that
is probably enough carrot so I'm going
to add add in the shredded carrot
maybe today
now we need to combine all this together
yucky yucky yucky I need to mash this
banana
holy oh not in a separate Bowl
can't say that looks too appetizing
although I'm sure it is okay I'm just
about to add a third of a cup of
porridge oats and a whole cup of plain
flour I'm guessing the equivalent of the
American wheat flour or all-purpose
flour is just plain because it has I
don't know I neither need to rise but it
also has baking powder for that too so
I'm not sure how it's baking powder and
one teaspoon of baking soda okay there
we go there we go and now we'll give
this a little mix and now we need to pop
them in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes or
gas mark 170 I believe or is it 182
think it's 175 cupcakes
and now it's going to let your dog lick
the spoon so I am actually gonna let
nyla lick the spoon maybe even Alfie
might wanna try some she want to lick
the spoon Oh what is it is that nice
nice baby
what a nice surprise to be woken up to
Taiwan who's waking up to cupcakes
banana and carrot and honey and peanut
butter
good yeah I wonder if she'll stay with
you now he's like yeah I'm gonna go
where the cake mixture goes okay so I've
just got the dough out and it is more
doughy now so I'm just guessing if I
work with a lot of flour then it should
be fine and the cupcakes are out and
they look so good and they actually
smell not too bad
not too sure how I made that work but
they actually look okay so I'm gonna pop
them in the oven now for 10 to 12
minutes you know what guys I think these
are actually really good considering I
thought these were gonna be terrible
they do look a bit like alpacas but
nevermind I put these in for exactly 10
minutes and they're quite thick and
they're hard to touch so I guess we'll
just leave these to cool down before
putting on the icing okay so I'm now
making the icing sugar is royal icing to
go on the pugs
so I want to basically fill them all in
with black icing the only thing is that
the recipe in the book was really basic
and it was just water and icing sugar
and I feel like there are much more kind
of a little bit more complicated recipes
in order to make the icing as best as it
can be and I just found one online is
crouton crackerjacks that's how to make
royal icing icing for piping and
flooding cookies so I'm doing this one
and it's basically three cups of
powdered sugar so icing sugar 2 egg
whites quarter teaspoon cream of tartar
and one teaspoon of vanilla extract and
water so I've got my icing sugar and my
cream of tartar in there and then I
think we add the egg whites and whisk it
and then I think we add the vanilla and
then dash of water
so hopefully this goes okay I've never
used egg whites in icing before I don't
know if this goes to like is it okay for
you to eat I don't know well soon find
out
it definitely looks good so far it looks
like icing which is good so I'm going to
add one teaspoon of vanilla extract now
okay so I've just added two teaspoons of
water as well and I'm just gonna mix
that see what it looks like it looks
good so far though and now I'm going to
add some black food coloring whoop I
know this looks like a dark grey slash
navy blue but never mind
and then I added water until it kind of
disappears after a few seconds into the
actual mixture and apparently now it
means that's ready for piping so let's
give this a try this is where I mess up
my pugs right my grey pugs I'm just
using a thin icing nozzle and I'm going
to pop that into a clear piping bag
okay guys so this is their my battery
just died but they look so good don't
they so I'm just gonna finish off the
last Tuesday you can see how I did it if
I can put this somewhere
yay look how good they look I don't
think I'm gonna do eyes or anything I
feel like this is enough detail just me
managing to actually make them look like
this is enough to be honest I definitely
think I'm gonna leave them like this I'm
really pleased with those
I hope they taste I okay now it's time
to do the pupcake icing for this
obviously it needs to be something
that's good for dogs so I'm just gonna
use some extra light soft cheese and I I
was gonna use a duo piping bag with
peanut butter but I thought I'll are
going to be two peanut buttery so I've
got a normal piping bag and I'm going to
pop my nozzle in and then instead of
having a duo I'm just gonna put little
streaks of peanut butter along here that
it kind of hopefully comes out in the
icing but isn't as intense if this works
there we go now I'm just gonna spoon
cream cheese in
okay so it looks something like this and
then it's time to get piping
cute and then because they're doggies
I'm gonna pop a little whoops there you
go you can have that Nala drop it on the
floor and because they're for doggies
I'm gonna pop a little dog biscuit on
the top
and there are the finished stock cupcake
oh okay
I'm really happy with these guys look
there they are
nice slow panning shot I kid you not
this has taken me all freakin day it's
half us five now I think I started this
er too hot one too but I'm really
pleased with them obviously you're going
to want to put those in the fridge
because it's cream cheese I'm gonna take
some photos now for my blog and then
they're going to go straight in the
fridge we're going to give one to no out
there but until then I need to do a lot
of tidying ups because look at the state
of the kitchen I am going to be doing a
blog post on both of these things in
case you want to throw yourself a little
pug or puppy party if any of your dogs
have a birthday coming up and you're as
sad as me and you want to celebrate it
then I'll play everything I used in a
blog post because I feel like that's the
best way to do it I basically just
interpreted a lot of different people's
recipes and ideas and kind of put them
all together to create this so I'm gonna
have to try remember how I did it
basically but yeah I'm really pleased
look at this cookies they look really
cool and their cupcakes look really good
I'm glad I did the little smear of
peanut butter I feel like it looks
better than a whole massive chunk she's
all like drunk after a cake cupcakes out
she'd only had half you know when she's
tired when she lies like this yeah and
she's happily on her back come on let's
go
you can obsess left a girl she would
give her a present her new bed and her
blanket I feel when we get back from
dinner okay because we were meant to be
at dinner 15 minutes ago she's so tired
come on then let's go come on then come
on then
I just took loads of photos for a blog
post that I'm gonna do about knowledge
little birthday treats here the little
pug cookies and now myself and Alfie are
going out to dinner with poppy and Sean
to Jamie's Oh Sean's not come in oh jeez
he's busy
ah okay just knock me down you're
awaiting insurance bizzy's poppies versa
oh okay so Poppy's coming and I am going
to put on my trainers we're going very
cash today I've got the worst headache
I've just taken some tablets which I
rarely take I'll kind of drink a lot of
water until I feel a bit better but it's
not going away I kind of pretty much had
this headache for like 24 hours so I
have taken some tablets so in the hope
that it will go away and not turn into a
migraine and hopefully we'll be back in
time for X Factor because I am really
getting into that and it's the third one
now I think so very exciting very
exciting indeed my favourite Italian
actor
what have you yeah me me yeah me that's
really cool
this is the caramel a which is the pasta
pockets which I think it's got like
three cheese's in it really good colors
look at him he doesn't leave you alone
come here come here
that you never connected this locket to
the Internet
go to touch his ears touches everyone
say he's so unaffectionate isn't he like
in that said like Nala would love that
like Nala would her dream is to have a
chew and have her ears scratched at the
same time right as you gonna try a
cookie that is a big old thick one this
is this one maybe that one's good I
think they were really good and then I
leave the classroom yeah let me see from
the side oh it looks quite nice does it
taste good oh my god
smile black icing is always a nightmare
with teeth I can show a cup of tea with
this oh my god your tongue it's black
it's literally black your tongue is
black ah it was like this when we ate
Eduardo's cake it's black food coloring
does it taste nice how is it
any too much cuz I want
it's really to that light like soft and
easy to eat okay I have dressed now
isn't that a bit cloudy with a cup of
tea
hmm no big green looking kind of like
not as should with like a shortbread hmm
and not hard like sup umm your teeth
it's ruined
you look like a pirate what no braces in
tonight just make sure you brush them
extra hard Oh was it good though mmm
