hello everybody good morning no that
isn't Christmas music I don't know what
you're talking about
it is Christmas music but because it's a
really cold dreary rainy day I've got a
hot chocolate and some cookies and I've
got this ginger and orange Mads do you
feel Christmassy in here yes I want to
smell this candle is it like you always
yeah I really like it the reason I have
zero makeup on my face right now and why
it looks like you could do a dr. dark
getting ready for tea at the moment I
don't know why it's because I have a
photo shoot today did you like to come
go go of those as good as an M and I
have a photo shoot today if I have to
photo shoots in the same day so I
thought I would vlog and bring you along
with me and then you can see so I've
just arrived at the grand this is
basically where we live now my days in
it we come here for all our meetings
it's so nice in here oh look at the view
as well mrs. Tanya she's my UK Penguin
publicist little wave and hi hello um
but look at the view it's really windy
out today as well someone's at the door
who is it
there's the pier I haven't seen you in
so long I'm all done and Fran has made
me look perfect
thank you for an the first thing is a
project with dolly magazine which is an
Australian magazine that I love so
that's very exciting I love having my
curly hair I very rarely curl my hair
because I can never be bothered it takes
too long so I'm gonna go and do that
like I've got a beard right there Matt
would you like me to give you a massage
sure you need to like lie down flat and
Fran can pull your arms and I'll pull
your leg it is you have to be stretched
out what about deaf man is good
Thank You someone walks on you yeah I'll
walk on you yeah shall I I'm not sure if
this is medically correct
we hope this project good just don't
walk on a spine either side of us walk I
think you have to put your arms down
and I thought is that okay where is it
hurting
yeah I'd write the back wrong hey I'll
try with my hands but oh oh yeah yeah
the crime it did I can't get us fat okay
the piece is clean
oh my god must be done boy go okay I'm
on again
we go around the bed yes I walk with it
Get Well be okay yeah are you helping
teeth that's what it's just what they do
the question now is how Miguel I think
about frog lunch has arrived
I've come for a club sandwich a magical
club sandwich thinking oh what's these
ones these finger one Oh Maddie said her
back does actually feel better so much
better I'm amazed please don't ask me to
do that every time though I'm not
getting it that's helped well there you
go
that was gonna kind of just went
straight to my skin so when you get
making Emmet our Dwight each other's
eyes
I'm coming out oh my god
somebody somebody to like fashion
somebody somebody somebody I wonder how
many times to like somebody is in the
top
somebody nailed it we listening to like
Queen live like we live so yeah I was
just like no it's not it's radio station
my god I'm really trying it out like the
Lhari version of every song radio
station Lincoln oh my god
oh I was I wish I would see in that
episode
they'll take you to the favorite pet
service thing in the world back home now
all the Sun the Sun back home now and
myself and Maddie have decided this only
right to have a cheeky Pizza face so
this is a garlic bread and then you
ready for this
don't done turn oh my goodness this is
called a proper ham and pineapple and I
literally can't even tell you how
excited I am to eat this a little logo I
think it's quite cute and what did you
go for Mads some Soylent sorry Soylent
Green and on a spelt bass yeah have you
got spelt bass yet before this is your
first one you had gluten-free you should
really like so I've got my home hi help
also look at these beautiful flowers but
the lovely people at dolly magazine use
for the shoe and then they let me keep
them which I thought was very nice
they're amazing I think they're the most
amazing hydrangeas I've ever seen
Wow my makeup is like smudged it looks
like it's like falling down my face
mady's now gone home and alfie is in
London so that leaves me in this little
squidge and I've decided I'm going to
have a bar because I haven't happened in
so long
obviously I've showered but I haven't
had a bath in a really long time and you
guys know how much I love my baths that
was one of the main inspirations behind
my whole product launch was how much I
loved bath time and pampering time so
I'm going to do that which I haven't
done a real time I've just been very
busy
you
