hi everyone oh I've been working this
morning and I've also been editing
yesterday's vlog and I also just don't
feel well
um I think I'm getting a cold which I
have been saying to a leaf like the past
three days I'm like just don't feel
right I just don't feel right and then
this morning I woke up with that really
annoying thing where you literally just
want to scratch the entire back of your
throat out I can't explain it but just
the back of my throat feels gross and I
just feel quite rundown so I'm bothered
with makeup today
because I don't need to necessarily do
it so I'm not um let me see
Alfie and his mum are going to the I
think is a hospital the doctors to get
Alfie's um blood test results and the
test the results for his two biopsies
that he had when he had a camera put
down his throat he talks about it a lot
more on his channel but over the past
six seven months he's just had this kind
of difficulty with swallowing so he's
going over there with his mum I'm gonna
go and sit with buzz um and I'm gonna
also do some work over at Amanda's house
basically every single day I'm doing a
bit of writing so I might not show it
actually didn't do any yesterday that
was the one day I didn't because I was
already doing quite a lot of other stuff
but I'm trying to get it in wherever I
can
oh I feel like fever even like I would
like feel shivery and then I feel hot
damn it I just I don't want to get AI
really don't I've not been ill in such a
long time I'm now Amanda's with baby hi
buzz buddy buddy buddy buddy what's this
do you guys think he looks different
Nala I think he looks different
he's bigger honey buzz and your tail
goes the opposite way thus how you
always know how to tell the difference
between the two of them both have like
an obsession of my head like he always
jumps on my head there's nothing in
there for you mate
Bill's in here there's a little coven
over there got a lovely shiny coat so
they have these things that are called
fish sticks and like no don't either on
me buzzy stinky it's like fish skin and
it absolutely stinks but you love it
don't you
no don't eat on me buzz no not on me
buzz or it stinks no buzz not on me go
and eat the fish stick somewhere else
mate you eat that somewhere aha I love
you buzz but I do not love your fish
stick no now you sit there and eat your
fish stick good boy mmm fish skin
you
ah he like tricked do it again run round
do again why should I say quick quick
quick
how are your test results Alfie well
good yay normal new it
no it's a doll this bit cut me nothing
no it was to check any the back though I
swallowed oh no I think you just opened
my mouth and shock button war hello
Alfie basically has acid reflux which is
I don't you said you can just come going
good days bad days you have to live with
that some people have it some people
don't but now at least we know the
pillars that stop there so you can go on
those can you honours permanently or no
just very much bad okay and then
dieticians can just give you advice from
what to have the Mesa Petrovich it was I
feel like you're the only person I can
film in this angle and it doesn't look
revolting how do you get away with that
I'm like literally oh it's slimy I
really like your eyeshadow today what is
it umm stealer you know that palette
that I got in Sephora like it's like a
ready color anyway
hi how you doing umm I'm gonna carry
this on from my other vlog which you
will have just seen because I didn't
really do a lot that day didn't really
feel very well so I'm just gonna have
this as a little carry-on um I'm with
Matt's look what she's got on her laptop
oh I love it
do you can use I do ease it's like he
just took a real yeah just how does it
every it Swift box Nala has no idea are
you not excited for this this is your
monthly subscription can't see you it's
all blurry
you ready Nala okay let's open it down
here and see what she makes a bit
I think I get more excited for knowledge
monthly subscription boxes but anything
I ever get delivered shall we open it
together ah what's in here Nana
does it smell good should we take this
out ha oh look what's in here oh how
exciting
I'm not just saying this but someone
bought Nala one of these but in pink at
one of alphas book signings her Amber's
ripped it to pieces they loved it so
much so I had to throw it away because
it was like all the filling was coming
out and now you've got a new one yay-hey
what else have we got we've got some
lilies kitchen all fresh breath
delicious baked biscuits with chicken
kelp Apple mint and parsley they some
mice Nala we've also got all Billy and
Margo venison oh that's the same people
that do the ice cream that you like Nala
Billiam Margo venison two sticks for
dogs 100% air dried British Edison meat
for pores only or does that smell good
can you smell that what else oh we've
got some more Lily's kitchen beef liver
and fresh carrots with botannical herbs
baked treats nice they sound good don't
they
and some more Billie and Margo what are
these ones all strawberry and Apple
nutritious training biscuits for dogs
that's like your ice cream your ice
cream with strawberry and apple okay
should we see which one you like the
most which ones you like the best
you ready I'm gonna put them down yep Oh
so she spat one out what was that one
why did you spit that out I think you
just are being a piggy or staying true
to your nature of being a pug eating
everything and realizing if you stand
over the stick you can have that when
you're finished I really like this box I
think I think it's a hit with Nala as
well I like that there was a little toy
in there and stick treats because she
does like those although she eats them
way too quickly and the little biscuit
treats which we can use sparingly for
another time okay so me and Mads are now
coming here a meeting it's very exciting
I can't actually say what the meeting is
for well miss the door cut see what it's
for but you'll find out soon meeting is
done and we are currently walking
through where our Lena suppose this bit
near the pavilion Gardens and we're
about to go meet Michiko suppose yeah
that's what amateur fencers in the
brighter the dome how exciting with that
meeting it was so exciting oh I just
wish I could tell you I can flip my own
party oh I just got things in a hand
that if only you could see you'd get
like-minded I'm going to get rid of my
bike oh we're very excited yeah very
excited and you will be very excited I
can almost count here and we're going to
go through some lunch now it's like the
most amazing day we were set up in like
a roof garden and it was honestly that
cause on holiday I think I might have
actually got a bit but I won't find out
till later if you feel like you about I
had to put my hair up so that's yeah
tasty it goes really hot
because I feel kind of ill or my ears
keep popping don't know what that means
but I can't really hear anything so I
feel like I'm shopping don't even know
you're not um yeah but yeah we're going
to build now to me Alfie
for some food
where is he
where is he oh yeah in the middle he's
already gotten self a juice oh you've
been shopping baby
foods arrived I've gone for the hummus
and halloumi burger because it's my
absolute fave what have you gone bought
naked burger ie no bun or sweet potato
fries amazed gone for the halloumi
burger as well with sweet potato fries
and I've got my lemonade float delicious
so my favorite room my favorite camp
shop in the lanes which is catwalk
cupcake look at me this is where out got
my birthday cake from hmm
this is such a hard decision and look
how amazing this caterer
oh my god guys there's the world's
biggest flower pot coming up look at
last
can you imagine I bet they're gonna put
Christmas trees in that oh it's actually
right up eben right now maybe it is a
bin maybe there are bins they might be
you know oh yeah
weight is 150 60 frames-per-second
their move look when you move it's like
really like Oh baby yeah you said it 16
what do I know that I can change it okay
that's yeah
Louise's teach me how to vlog he's a pro
oh I wasn't gonna go lu lu away
oh ma do anyway very smart so no i don't
know the lyric fever
Alfie's doing some dishes good on him
good good on you Alfie what happened
go on out be all out be and I need to go
and do some work a bit get a cuddle me
ah
oh sorry Alfie I think she loves me
because we're off we did that test of my
channel see she loves more it was me
no yes we didn't conclusive result we
did we did a thing to see who she loves
more
well he's she following now well yeah a
new book cuz I just felt packing she
doesn't like the smell of it right guys
I am now watching this on YouTube I
don't know if any of you remember this
film it was called trading mom it came
out in 1994
I remember watching this with my brother
or it was called the mummy market I
think it was called the mummy market in
the UK I'm not sure but I used to watch
this all the time it used to be like my
favourite film and it is bringing back
so many memories I'm only seven minutes
in but I'm obsessed with it already I
love it so let me know if any of you
watch this I just posted on Twitter and
most of you like I wasn't even born then
which makes me feel really old cheers
guys
