good morning guys I am vlogging today
what's the day today is Sunday isn't it
yeah we've had quite a busy weekend but
all very exciting fun things here's a
little Missy she's been very needy over
these past couple of days haven't you I
mean I do call her the shadow anyway
because wherever you are she followed
you but she's just been like more needy
than normal
there's Alfie deyes hey how you doing
how's life give it a rating out of ten
nine point seven just planning a new
video awesome here are some beautiful
flowers that my friends got me after
they stayed last weekend so thanks
thanks for that I'm about to go shopping
without fees mum actually and she always
comes round so it should be home
shopping sure is comfortable shoes I
like this why did you get this from on
oh I like that I need to do I need to
reinvent how so you put new things in
the house and I was like well I'll come
with you because home base have a
habitat section and I'm obsessed with
habitat right now if any other don't do
they that's that do you might not
remember the other day when I said oh
look at all that really nice stuff right
when we never go to home base he never
listens to me when we went to get the
light bulbs Oh home is just there yeah
oh yeah weird everday yeah so I said I
would go with her and we can have a look
at some other stuff because I love home
where and if any of you also love
homework check out habitat which is
located in select home basis I think I'm
not actually sure I think habitat used
to be its own shop it might still be in
some places although I I'm pretty sure
they moved it into home base there's a
really nice habitat right in
did day C and it's gone now isn't it we
making me think I'm just making up
another shop now yeah it has gone but it
was very very nice fun yeah habitat is
really lovely stuff and you keep my
little feet you licking my feet so yeah
I'm just waiting for her to come I'm
emptying all my memory cards right now
because I have this really bad habit of
filming like days and days and days
worth until the memory card fills up I
never delete any footage so that's why
I've been sat here doing and I also had
a
bath this morning and washed my hair and
I've done a very subtle makeup look
today I think I've just I just literally
put a wash of eyeshadow over it and
mascara bear foundation bit of concealer
bit of bronzer and bit of lipstick right
real in home base
it's really quite obvious when
whispering I just said to him and I was
like oh I need to vlog and we were
inside then we worked outside and it was
just deadly silent but we're in the oh
look didn't you want am a China lamp
your garden what China Lam friends um
but I've managed to find to cop of Oz's
Alfie told me not to buy anything
because I keep buying too much for the
house and I've managed to find something
so I'm going to try and sneak in without
him noticing I think I'll be able to do
it I don't think y'all noticed we've got
so much copper staff adjusted by auditor
before without his monster
I'm grabbing lots of lovely delicious
things to eat looks quite healthy right
now actually not too bad I'm going to
get some of these though because these
are amazing um it was actually Hannah
and Steph that introduced me to these so
tolerance death and love them so much
you know you have a conference session
you're trying to seek out everything
that's copper look at this it's got like
a tint and this one has copper around
the edge and there's copper loo brushes
not what I need any of those but
basically I have a copper obsession and
I need help I love their like imagine
all the photos you could put inside this
would be so good that would look awesome
oh look there's that a watering can I
really need it her happy with my
shopping crash welcome to my fridge
welcome to my fridge got some almond
drink normal milk
look at these see I'm not really one for
healthy drinks but I always go for the
ones with more fruit so apple peel I'm
and men - pineapple mango coconut water
tropical juice of kale um and I've got
stuff for a roast tonight these look
really good um very happy with that very
happy indeed and then lots of veg in
there and our cheese drawer is nice and
full
hey range eggs and hummus
caramelized onions yeah we can put that
in our hot dogs hot dogs have you joined
them no dogs no they look sausages
they're called posh hot dogs it's so
good M massive and yeah all done no just
now eating some of these honey barbecue
yeah Mary well not everyone
yeah first one had anything to put in it
people expect them knowledge I did get
it today do not cover yeah I also got
this one it was buy one get one free I
am just upstairs with this fetching bow
bow fun look at it I'm doing my makeup
but Alfie's there chillin on the bed of
Nala just waiting for me because we're
about to film and he always does this
now I am NOT making it doesn't is if you
should bad whenever Alfie has control of
the remote we will know doubtedly always
be watching is this Nickelodeon
Nicktoons Nicktoons that's even younger
isn't it he'll always put this like I'm
like oh let's put the TV on maybe does
it cook like a nice film on its Sunday
what you said room yeah but no I've got
a list of the best for the next 20
minutes and Simpson starts in 13 minutes
no I don't like the Simpsons you know
those TV phones used over watched as a
kid Simpsons was one of those boys over
watch this you can over watch The
Simpsons and Family Guy no you can't I
told your family by last night when you
asleep it's funny I had nightmares I was
telling Ana and Jonathan recently my
dreams have been really vivid and I was
telling an attempted Ana that I had a
dream that I had to look after Eduardo
and I was giving him a bath and I turned
for like two seconds to check something
I turned back and Eduardo was like under
the water but like steals at dogs it's
quite a deep bar and he was just
submerged and I was like oh my god and I
picked him up out of the water
and he like threw up everywhere and it
was all brown in the water and I was
like oh my god I nearly killed Eduardo I
was a terrifying dream I don't even
remember my dreams that means you're a
really deep sleeper live it up until you
get woken up that's probably why I'm so
bad to get up in there because you only
remember the dreams from it's got a name
you can use I don't know no different
different yeah there's different there's
force difference there's there's four
different stages of sleep I think and
it's the it's the kind of lightest sleep
where you remember your dreams my little
one goes on yeah another always have has
nightmares actually yeah
oh maybe online there's she just runs it
like breathes heavy the ocean like she
gets a regular breathing here maybe look
at her UCP hey baby are you sleepy I
need to carry on getting ready let
Marla's watching it in the screen hi
nyla can you see me she looking at it
yes she's looking at a screen uh-huh oh
I love her when she looks like that
uh-oh
she doesn't know spongebob yes Nala give
me five known eyelid down what oh she
just sneezed on my on her he was good
I've just done my makeup don't lick it
off what what sneezing everywhere why is
she doing wipe her face she's obviously
got something on her face
what are you going to pay what he heard
your face what you doing I'm not sure
she's trying to oh she wants to bagging
my legacy I think she wants to play hey
no she's just please jump for that jump
jump mother
nada
bitch ready you're gonna sit oh yeah
yeah good yeah I gotcha I gotcha I
gotcha all of the best boys please happy
boom boom wait please please please but
okay I am ready to film a feed a there's
a little camera set up oh I've got a pin
stuck to my search my thing I'm excited
for this so if you didn't know already
me and Alfie are filming is it the
Instagram challenge hmm don't guess the
instagrams I guess whose Instagram or
someone yeah I guess whose Instagram is
this is this this is so I've gone
through and all selected six or seven
people's different Instagram pictures
may are really old ones mainly really
old boys okay
so cool my camera's not opening okay so
it is quarter past three now I've just
popped in the chicken it's actually
quite a big chicken it was the only
free-range one they had left so I think
me and our Fiat basically eaten chicken
sandwiches for the next couple of days
which I'm fine with
um and I don't have to prepare anything
else for a while because that is going
to be in there for at least an hour so
go chicken cook and I'm going to edit my
video for today which is a whole video I
filmed it like last week I think so I
just need to edit that and then I want
to see if there's any good films on the
tiny here's my copper bars love that
that is from habitat and the other one
but I put some sunflowers in is up here
I really like it
it kind of reminds me of Tom Dixon and
but a lot less expensive oh look at you
sat in the Sun is that nice we found a
little warm patch it's turned into such
a beautiful day yes it is such a
beautiful day NOLA my little shadow here
she comes
I love the noise of people cutting their
gardens very summery noise no I don't
know what's happened here guys but the
end of like all of my video has gone and
I only have the end which is me being
silly and like posing threat for a
thumbnail so I'm laughing but in actual
fact I literally want to like cry
somewhere I have to find the footage I
don't I think it's a 128 gig memory card
I don't know where that is I'm gonna
have to look Nalla however has found one
of the doggy boxes I ordered this one is
pooch pack and I've left it here on the
side and she's like sniffing in there
aren't you Nala I just gave you one
you're not having too many no that's
enough now get down get down please
like her little face she's like but I
just just want to know a little bit
please we're watching homeward bound
I figured Nala would kind of like this
laugh program Nala
Kalka let's Luger
knowledge favorite flower Nolan I just
on those grain they're not real oh my
god okay so I've temporarily put the
hunter memory card on hold and I am
currently doing gravy and veg is in and
to put Yorkshire Xin in a minute and the
chicken is nearly done it looks weird
because it's got like it's in a bag I've
just never seen it like that basically
you cook it inside the bag and then 20
minutes 20 minutes of where you get it
out you cut the bag to brown the chicken
and yeah never done that before veg wise
you got peas carrots asparagus Monge too
and broccoli sprout broccoli sprouting
sprouted broccoli and then got the gravy
going nicely and some mash in the
microwave that made me jump it was a bag
now this has had her lunch she's looking
at me where you doing oh you come in now
yeah the bag just blew down didn't it
may be junk and I'll show you what it
looks like when it's Arden it looks like
I'm going to have to refill my video for
today which is really annoying because I
filmed my video and I really liked it
and I realistically I'm not going to
find the memory card which is so
annoying I know that it's going to show
up like probably later on this evening
after I finish filming or something but
oh well these things happen
dinner's done mmm yummy yummy and Nala
can smell it clearly
so it's a little bit later on in the day
now I have filmed and uploaded a video
it's unlisted right now I don't want to
press it live yet I'm going to carry on
trying to look for the memory card if
not I guess I could re film it but a lot
of things I bought for the whole of
already being like used and put in the
places that I was going to put them and
AH it's just one of those things when
you film make sure you upload the
footage to your computer properly not
just in final cut because I think that
was my problem I must have uploaded it
into final cut or thought I had and that
only I really uploaded the end I don't
know what happened all I had was like
the footage of me doing the thumbnail
which is always like the most Awkward
footage anyway you're like holding
products I don't know ah it's so
frustrating it's going to really bother
me
I enjoyed filming my empties videos I'm
like obsessed with empties right now I
like watching them and I hope I can find
the footage for like a midweek video
maybe or I might just have to refill MIT
nightly Alfie is just swimming in on the
video now and I've slung a jumper on and
we're going to go to the park4 a wal K
with na la um in a short while so I'm
going to start getting things out but I
don't want to get her colour and lead
out yet because she will suss what's
going on so we have to basically leave
as less time as possible before we
actually go out of the house because
she's like gets way too excited so we're
going to do that I think we're now in
the park let me just switch hands Nala
is on her long lead alfie is stretching
his legs and Jonathan Hickman on the
trampoline I go like a nama left up that
like oh oh look at non exploring see you
later
huh he's coming yes yes he doing well
the daffodils have all died she wouldn't
walk through the daffodils last time I
don't know what this thing is that I'm
on but I think it's gonna be a rising
your bottom basically I'm pushing on
this not wearing workout gear
come here yeah no sure what around the
part now yeah
now I've got no I've done my work now
this one's a good workout Oh what is
that one yeah look at her she's off come
here please
oh my god what does that do your arms
hey check them hips
do you like a snowboard a yeah where you
off to
right come on then let's go for a walk
why should you so what do you want on a
summer's evening after you've been for a
walk look at her she knows order she's
licking the pocketing I've never seen
you so excited like even for your
breakfast
okay okay foot this is dog I scream for
any of you that might not see my
previous vlog I'm not just feeding her
human ice-cream there you go
why don't we sit nicely she's had this
so many times as well it hasn't really
gone down she's made a little dip in
there look at that it's like a little
heart all right now let's sit down maybe
it's Zoe ice cream time too
so we ice-cream time sorry ice-cream
time I try to throw away with yeah I
know I was not having any of it but
we've got three we've got salted caramel
creme brulee and cookie dough what you
are surprise me and we can all sit and
have ice cream like a family you're
going to push that off a sofa if you're
not careful okay so I've got all three
of the babies out at the moment Nala be
very gentle please oh no don't put your
paws on him it's you lookin at ya are
you cleaning them and they're your
babies normally you're gonna have a
furball if you do that that she's
cleaning them this is why we often don't
get with three out the same time guys
very gentle then not dogs do you think
she thinks they're her puppies look
she's licking them so Percy has a
tendency to eat hair and while he was up
here I was like oh my god he's chewing
my hair this was pulled out of his mouth
I can hear Phil my hairdresser literally
crying my guinea pig just chewed off
this massive look of hair can you
actually see it yeah that's not as long
as longer than my hair Coronation Street
he's a user Tina I'm like in shock good
look at it don't need a hairdresser
anymore just use the guinea pig can you
see on my hair where he did it do I have
like a blunt part now was it from the
front where was it from yeah I guess the
only time I really see it is on my hair
is straight
fringe it's not in my friend oh gosh
yeah I'm thinking about the Nell bear
when you gonna bring it when you gotta
ring it yeah oh yeah yeah high five high
five high keep yeah ring the bell yay
yay right I'm gonna end the bulk here so
that I actually remember to end it we're
just having some sofa snuggles and
alfea's moaning cuz this pillows really
big cuz I buy all cushions or the hello
someone's going to join us she's like
hey you can't have a cuddle without me
and we'll probably go to sleep soon it's
what half ninety nine ten ten is deeply
crazy I know I've got like a six o'clock
shadow because of you because of the
pillow because something because the
bigos pillow in the world are you gonna
say good bye good bye guys thank you for
watching the video I hope you enjoyed it
if you did and you liked my 6 o'clock
shadow then give it a thumbs up and if
you enjoyed my main channel video give
that a thumbs up too and also our fees
main channel videos lots of videos today
love you all lots and lots goodbye
I was taking it when their horse to keep
in your knee
oh don't do that let me do that to you
then we do that to you no stop stop no
huh-uh let me do it to you let me do it
- I don't like it no I don't like your
 camera no oh I just cook now let
me do it to you hold the camera alright
Miss Bossy head okay oh this is just
attractive hold the camera why do we
both look so hot buddy
don't drop that on my face ready one
minute one minute
what is she officer hey carpet is making
good on this so fine I don't care
I don't exactly a great racket now you
hold on sir hold on while I get my car
I'll be pleased I don't like it I don't
like okay now you hold it all I'll do it
stuffin like in your video Oh
