good morning guys and dolls today's
video is going to bring you two very
exciting things wha number 103 very
exciting things number one my t-shirt
blogging over jogging number two Tyler
Oakley is coming to town and I have
refrained from seeing that in the
Christmas melody tie Robbie's coming to
town
ty Robbie's coming to start oh yeah
maybe I don't refrain from it at all and
number three today's vlog I will be
revealing the title the front cover and
an extract of girl line - that is not
called girl on line two I hope you're
excited cuz I am oh oh boy oh boy I'm
just so excited I fell if my lips have
disappeared and I also have a spot which
I'm going to call Sally because it's big
enough for its own postcode therefore it
can have its own name and Nala is being
quite naughty today and I've just heated
up some dominoes that I ordered last
night with Aaron Jonathan and took home
with me certain finish so I'm just
decided to eat that entire leaf on his
way now so much excite big yay look what
it took Greta and arrived it to my house
Nava is up so now she won't
oh she went the FICA what she's
performing for the camera now she's like
I'm obsessed with Todd I don't know what
you're on about
oh gosh hello hello give it away I love
your love let me try and do an
impression do it yes I know weird laugh
I didn't say it was weird he did the
comments you guys like what does Mela
it's very like ha ha ha yours is like my
meatloaf is like I don't know I think
it's quite a cackle goes it's quite a
shackle mine is a cackle like a witch
cackle I'm sorry
hog so time to mr. sir I was like yeah
we haven't the TENS machine he was like
a what now we is that a controller for
it that's it it's gonna shock me it's
not gonna show key well I'm holding your
dog so if it shocks me it shocks the dog
too
okay what about me pair up are not
Alex Tyler can you feel that yeah we
went to 50
no back home now I'm being bullied about
going to the gym I get when I don't go
to the gym I get told them when they
don't go to the gym I get told I'm lazy
when I go to the gym I get bullied so
hey god what a coconut you gonna pick up
open up now no this our this is your oh
sorry there's a clear Hey what we doing
okay so I'm about to take this BuzzFeed
quiz its which youtuber should you
collab with which is appropriate because
I love collabing you day um okay that's
me what's your favorite type of YouTube
content me I think yours is like
gardening it's just not I don't know um
like to watch or to be a to watch yes
okay yeah uh you know I love watching
your home videos dear
whole twenty minutes I'm not even joking
and I'm like I don't care about any of
this this youtuber is garbage yet Here I
am
hey y'all watching my home oh so cool I
like comedy I suppose challenges time ah
okay why oh if you could only eat one
food for the rest of your life
where's the runge you know my favorite
food
oh is that burrito yeah burrito or an
onion ring or a pizza Oh
or a margarita oh that's hard oh I'm
gonna go onion rings like no but buried
it's brave with burritos yes how would
your friends describe you did switching
to iPhone okay how smooth transition
how would your friends describe you um
you answer that I answered it for you
and I said fun I think you're quite
sassy but I also think you're fun like
you're fun you're fun I would say fun
yeah I feel like I were or fun with each
other yeah when I'm not with you I'm
just would I be dangerous maybe sassy
yeah I think saathi yeah yeah oh look at
my baby okay which city would you most
like to visit ooh this is hard have you
ever been to Dubai never been to Dubai
I've been to LA London New York Rome San
Francisco Seattle Sydney I know Mid
America oh that's right goodbye
Dubai for sure you have to because if
you're saying yeah Dubai where would we
usually find you on a Friday night I
know this one holding up the bar what
it's like a convenience as in like
keeping the Barik on a dance floor at
home editing planning revenge near some
food at a super fancy party watching
Netflix but yours would be either near
some food or on a dance floor hey how
dare you about the new some food correct
or planning revenge yeah I did and
anybody who takes my food what's your
favorite social media mmm look for my
phone I think you like Twitter the mice
yeah I should collab with me oh my god
so good I guess they know me I guess I
know me you know you very well do you
know where I think mine slipped up oh
I'm just not fun enough you are what are
you talking about you're fun but they
suggested Joe is probably more fun than
me listen she got her brother yeah oh my
god yeah which makes sense though
because like you you how many have you
done even a million flat yeah Wow you
have that the queen of Q and slay hope
you're hungry because there might be a
chicken nugget challenge headed your way
I hate my brand amazing I get in contact
with that guy then forgive us Oh Tyler
toilet do it we just filmed a video I
loved it it was so good I mean like on
Iceland with you I never wanted it to
end
I just want to film with you forever
every time I edit the videos that
they're like 12 minutes long and I'm
like nobody wants to watch this but me
and you we're the only two that love
ourselves that much I bet you everyone
likes to watch our videos well they're
sure minutes long
oh shoot I feel like we filmed for about
half an hour though so good luck with
that edit thank you now what are we
doing we're going for food foods
do you fancy pizza pasta oh my god yes
si si cheese what is it deke cheese like
melted cheese with bread okay so that
like quesadilla okay so is melted cheese
like what fun day
no melted cheese like a maxi at a
Mexican restaurant okay so okay so means
cheese in Spanish oh your queso dip okay
so okay so okay so always Tyler just
write a dime a dime had you had one of
those before
Oh a dime what is it I'm BA how you
spell a little ddim no we don't have
those in America it was very American
trying British candy but without the
million views yeah
so what I think was like a boyfriend
with like I'm ready ahh
I landed a case you're also now in for
Finch you're like a little smile you
know I edited a vlog today I uploaded
when you you pull them wait is it my
girl okay I showed you a video and we're
about to head to zzs which is right here
it's a little chilly in Britain the
events easy before happen know where
some people people vlog bombing right
yeah dar they blow this is one of my
absolute favorite things from ZZ it's
the fun something you are mocking
everyone is the funky what the mind I
think I just passin bread at someone
yes the bread and the escape the cheesy
for Maggie
Tamaki this vlog is for Maggie what is
formatting for smirk I did it old Mac oh
that's the name of it okay I know you
were literally talking to a girl named
that's French for cheese this is Italian
Italian for cheese is for Maggie okay
babe imagine yeah let's have a look in
the fridge in general come on Prince of
Egypt Whitney
Mariah oh my god weeds
Oh
the way
yeah
our job
look at this Oh
it's this little slumber party I thought
that was a banana then it's your foot
selfies a day you got him good oh my god
remember when you came into it um when
we were staying at your place it was
pitch black at like 4:00 a.m. and you
jump up and then I turn right you and I
could not me that's it
not naked i turn on my phone and i take
a big shine it's like you blurry like
this have you still got that somewhere I
mean at San ant√≥n my I don't even eat
jelly I didn't mean it oh look at this
we got wake up wake up oh my god Jesus
keep going for that oh my oh me oh my
get out of my bed says do you never fart
Tyler a good Christian woman no do it
more do more do more of what makes me
happy get out of bed happy to move you
can't scare me anymore it's not scary
anymore
you're not scared is that why you don't
look scared at all does this scare you
is this game or does this door have a
lot of Malcolm nope yeah I'm not gonna
come and pester you I'll let you sleep
good night you look so cozy
but you I do sleep the opposite way you
sleep up that end sometimes really when
I was younger I used to sleep inside the
duvet cover yeah absolutely - it was
like a little case like a commune yeah
you can t breathe in that but I think my
parents used to get my head out when I
stopped breathing you're like okay let's
get a roll right good night well good
luck with your life thanks Ann you yeah
sleep well okay so it has come to the
very exciting part of the vlog where I
can finally reveal the title and the
cover of the second girl online book in
the comments are going to leave kind of
your guesses as to what it's called and
maybe the color scheme of the book or
something that you might think is like a
theme or something and you have to be
honest you can't just scroll down to the
comments and see what it's cool and then
leave your comment you have to really be
genuinely like you know it's fun for you
guys so have a little guess and see I
just want to also say this is a mock-up
of the front cover it's not the final
front cover this this isn't the final
book it's just something that's been put
together for me to be able to show you
and it look as real as it can be before
it's actually properly printed so whilst
you make your guesses um I just wanted
to say that this is really exciting for
me and I have absolutely loved working
with Amy on this I've kind of like
gained myself a friend which is so
lovely she's really taught me so much
about the writing process and how to
develop my writing skills because as you
guys know I'm not properly trained in
writing I just enjoy it and enjoying
something doesn't necessarily mean it
can go straight on the shelves for all
of you to read so having Amy
helping me with that has been so lovely
and it's really taught me so much I
really enjoyed writing this book I
especially
of developing the characters further
adding new characters and just
furthering the plot and the storyline
and it's just been a really exciting and
fulfilling process and I really hope
that you guys love it as much as I do so
now I've said my little piece I'm going
to show you what it's called and what
the front cover is you ready drumroll
please Alfie deyes it is girl online on
tour which I wanted to say for so long
so many of you are like give us a hint
in emojis and I'm like I want to put the
notes emoji I want to put like the plane
emoji I want to put the coach emoji is
there a coach emoji I don't know yeah
look at it I'm going to put it down so I
can properly show you the colors are
going to be a lot more vivid on the
actual one this is just a mock up so
that you guys get the general idea but
it gives away quite a lot just by the
title so there we go
access all areas penny mmm and we've got
a little Paris stamp on there and a
little concert photo and what's this oh
the sketch featuring special guest Noah
Flynn in the Brighton Center hope you
guys went 25th of June 630 jokes that
never actually happened but yeah there
we go
this is going to be a bit brighter this
is going to be a lot brighter and we're
going to have some foil on here but I am
so happy with it I love it and the
colours together with the first book
look awesome but yeah how do you feel
about that a lot happens in this and I
did ask on Twitter a while back if any
of you could kind of guess the title and
a lot of you like girl offline and I was
like nope and I didn't see anyone I
could be wrong let me know if you did
mention it but I I was looking for a
real long time I never saw anyone
mention anything about possibly there
being at all anything music related or
anything where we could follow Noah and
Penny
relationship to somewhere a bit more
exciting so I hope that that has made
you even more excited
it's definitely Maiden made me more at
all that I can't even speak it's
definitely made me more excited but as I
said I would if you wanted me to I'm
just gonna read a tiny bit now I'm not
the best at reading I've read Alfie the
first chapter and he fell asleep like
haha yeah yeah you are holy let me go
sorta in I was in bed going to see them
zones oh can I read you the verses and I
was like you can but I'm like I'm about
to go to sleep what you heard did you
enjoy it
I don't think one word like me alone how
much did you read I read you like to the
first two chapters that are in the
moment paperback oh I'm sorry
okay well I'm sure I'm good to read a
little bit now and I'll listen and you
listen yeah we you or the camera for me
because I said I would if you wanted me
to and you all did I was kind of hoping
you would say that you didn't but okay
first part of the first bit of girl
online on tour ready the first two
chapters are actually in the paperback
which is out on August 13th so I'm not
going to read you both like all the
chapters because that would take so long
and Alfie's arm would really hurt so I'm
just going to read you the first little
bit okay 20th of June
how to survive a long-distance
relationship when your boyfriend is a
super hot rock god one shot me one
download skype whatsapp snapchat and
basically every communication app you
can find stay up all night in your panda
onesie chatting with your boyfriend
until your eyelids start twitching and
you absolutely have to go to sleep
to what whenever you wake up and miss
him listen to autumn girl on repeat
three set up an app on your phone that
tells you the time wherever he is so you
don't accidentally wake him at 3:00 a.m.
for a chat in brackets I've done this
maybe 10 times already for my calendar
and mark down the number of days until
you see him again which by the way is
now only five days away five somehow win
the lottery so you can quit school and
fly to wherever he is and you don't have
to be a part for this long ever again
six whatever you do do not go on
line and watch videos of super stunning
pop star Lea brown as she dips and works
in front of said boyfriend in front of
millions of screaming fans seven and do
not search his name so you can see all
the cool stuff he's doing while you're
studying for your exams
my lovely readers even if one day I feel
like I could publish this blog in a non
private way I never will because I know
I'm not allowed to admit to feeling
insecure and less than pretty and more
than a little jealous when my boyfriend
is the sweetest guy in the world and has
given me no reason to feel this way
right tell me this feeling gets better I
don't know how I'm going to survive girl
offline never going online chapter one
five days later it should yeah I don't
do the audio but guys five days later it
should officially be illegal for exam
rooms to have a view of the sea how is
it fair that we're stuck inside fingers
cramping from gripping a pen for two
hours straight while outside the light
is dancing on the waves and it looks so
bright and comforting how am I supposed
to remember who King Henry the eighth's
fourth wife was when the birds are
singing and I swear I can hear the happy
jaunty tune of an ice cream van nearby I
shake my head dispelling the vision of a
deliciously soft ice cream cone with a
cheeky flake sticking out and instead
I've tried to summer up and summon up
direct link into my best friend
Elliott's brain he won't be having much
trouble remembering any of these facts
and figures in his History exam I gave
him the nickname wiki because his brain
seems to contain as much knowledge as
Wikipedia whereas my revision notes
disappeared from my memory as fast as a
snapchat I sigh and tried to concentrate
on the exam questions but the words swim
in front of my eyes and I can't make
sense of my own messy squirrel I hope
whoever has to market has better luck
choosing to take history for GCSE was
never a good idea at the time I just
picked based on what everyone else
seemed to be doing the only subject I
knew I definitely had to take was
photography because the truth is I have
no idea what I wanted what I want to be
when I leave school okay everyone pens
down says the examiner at the front of
the room my mouth instantly goes dry I
don't know how long I've been
daydreaming for but I know but I haven't
finished answering all the questions
these exams determine what subjects I'll
take next year and I've already mucked
up my palms feels
slick with sweat and I can't and I can't
hear the birds outside singing anymore
all I can hear is the skorca seagulls it
sounds like they're chanting fail fail
fail in my ear my stomach turns and I
feel like I might be a bit sick penny
you coming I look up and find my friend
and classmate Kyra is waiting by my desk
the examiner has already snatched my
paper and I've barely noticed yeah just
a second
I grab my bag and slide out of the chair
and then as I stand up a wave of relief
takes over the nausea no matter what the
result that's it my final exam I'm
finished school for the year I have a
stupid grin on my face as I high-five
Kyra I feel closer to my classmates and
especially the twins Kira and Amara then
I have in my entire time at this school
they gathered round me in the aftermath
of the drama the beginning of the year a
solid wall of friendship against the
breaking tidal wave of news the media
went into a frenzy when they found out I
was dating rock star Noah Flynn and then
they discovered my blog they unearthed
private details of my life and labeled
me a homewrecker since Noah was
supposedly in a relationship with mega
pop star Leah Brown it was the worst few
days of my life but my friends helped
with me to weather the storm and when it
was all over the drama had brought us
together as we spill out into the
hallway kara says celebratory burgers at
gbk we're going there before we head to
the concert
you must be so excited to see know her
again a familiar flutter rises in my
stomach
I'm excited of course I am but I'm
nervous too I haven't seen Noah since
the Easter holidays when he spent my
16th birthday with me now we're about to
spend two weeks in each other's company
and even though that's the only thing I
want and the only thing I can think
about I can't have wondering whether it
will be the same I'll catch you at the
restaurant I say I just have to pick up
a few things from miss Mills's office
and then head home to change
Kira squeezes my arm oh god I have to
figure out what to wear to I smile
weakly as she rushes off but the elation
of finishing my exams has given way to a
new set of nerves the will my boyfriend
still like me kind I know I should feel
more confident that Noah likes me just
the way I am but when your first
boyfriend is currently one of the most
famous new musicians on the planet it's
easier said than done that's all I'm
going to read much to ask these absolute
delight because I'm react
so I hope you enjoyed that even though
my mouth got dry and I couldn't reread
it very well that just gives you a
little insight
into what it's gonna be about what it's
going to be like it's kind of opened
your minds now to the concept of where
the storyline is going but you still
don't know anything so I'm very excited
for you to read it now and just thank
you very much for all your amazing
support you you are honestly the best
viewers and friends that ever existed
and for that I love you all very much
and I'm going to end this vlog here on
this really positive note and I will see
you again very very soon give the video
a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'm
just gonna hold this here one more time
because I'm really proud of it and I
love it
me again um I know I've just ended the
vlog it is the next day I'm wearing the
same t-shirt don't judge me but I forgot
to mention oh hello little one I heard
you sniffling I forgot to mention one
very exciting a factor to the big reveal
and the title and that is that I need to
breathe and that is that there are a
limited number of signed copies
available for pre-order right now all
the links are in the description box to
all the different retailers that are
selling them so if you want to get your
hands on a signed copy then click the
links in the description also do not
worry if you've already pre-ordered a
book the following places will
automatically send you out a signed copy
so Waterstones WH Smith and Tesco if
you've already pre-ordered from those
three places you will automatically be
sent a signed copy of the book if you
have pre-ordered on Amazon there is a
special link for you to click in the
description box where you can cancel
your original pre-order pre-orders don't
take money from your account until you
actually get sent them so it won't have
taken anything from your account so all
you need to do is cancel that and you
can order the signed edition if you want
to you don't have to if you if you're
not really fast then it isn't matter
but you won't be charged twice which is
the main thing there is also a
frequently asked questions page in other
words an FAQ in the description box it's
wwl online books calm for any of you
that are a little bit confused by what
I've just said or you just need some of
your frequently asked questions answered
that will also be in the description box
yeah how exciting I am signing a lot of
front pages for you guys so that when
the book comes out you have a signed
copy straight away the day it gets
released it will be delivered to your
door signed by me so let me just show
you that's one of the things I was
trying to hide in my video the other day
I was like I can't show you what's in
here because it'll give away everything
this is why it was giving away this is
my current system so this is what I'm
signing so far in this box I've done
this many so yes and now I'm done thank
you so much for watching I love you grab
a signed copy if you want to they are
limited so just making you aware of that
it's not like a never-ending supply and
I will see you soon bye well I didn't
turn it off double chin it's still not
turning off where is my off button there
it is
