good morning everybody it's a lovely
rainy day today which isn't so lovely
I'm wearing some Christmas pajama
bottoms because they're nice and comfy
and I've got the candles lit this is a
really nice one from Anthropologie it
smells delicious actually that's me and
joy because I come filming into a mirror
and I've got some beautiful peonies
which haven't opened yet the white ones
have but the pink ones haven't Alfie
showed me a video I'm out of breath what
am I doing with my life
so I'm fit Alfie showed me video of
guinea pigs swimming in a paddling pool
and it was the most amazing thing I've
ever seen and I was like I don't know if
my guinea pigs can actually swim so I
want to find out um I've got a boss um
excuse me leave it leave it
commands are doing well leave leave Nala
naughty get down oh my goodness
testing the boundaries no good go so I
want to see if my guinea pigs in swim so
I've run a bath and I'm going to take
them up and see what happens
I'm not gonna let them drown don't worry
I love them too much hey go strummin
boys percision
first is just chilling on the floor sit
so still oh no you didn't like it but
he's like I have done it a few times
they can like how skinny they look when
they're not fluffy hey mister
oh well done it's a bit of exercise for
you
honey I'm gonna go my hand underneath
good boy
haha doesn't like a little drowned rat
now we'll put some shampoo on you it's
just having a little sleep now
getting wrapped up and getting a warm
thing he doesn't know what today this
name come this way
yay
I've got my hand underneath him now let
go and do it let go let go let go you
can do it
so the guinea pigs can swim look how
amazing is that I was actually a little
bit too scared to let go completely you
chewing who do you think liked it the
most
I think Percy liked it the most and I
didn't a little bit of a shake and I
knew that would happen because he much
prefers the water whereas Pippins not so
sure but that's so funny how they just
immediately knew what to do
gonna shake again oh so cute and now
we're just gonna make sure that will dry
well nice and dry nice and clean look
how cute Pippen looks he's like um its
fringe it's like a cockatoo no what's it
called yeah Coco - one of those birds
are parrots it's what you look like
you're a little munchkin you're already
trying to escape let's dry you off a
little bit with that fun voice who is
that fun your first swimming lesson
Hey look how cute they are eating a
letter is that nice perfect
yum yum yum delicious lettuce is their
absolute favorite you're not really
supposed to give guinea pigs too much
lettuce but every now and then they have
a little bit because they do love it a
lot
ah oh nice good boy it's so cute
I am now about to sign this huge Ward of
photos for all the people that donated
to track stock that selected the signed
photo option good morning guys another
day another section to a vlog because I
didn't film anything else yesterday
after the guinea pigs went for a little
swim you stop running or get a bit more
fits on our breath makes more sense we
are off in to town um because I'm being
shown of move back to Brighton I am most
excited about this because I love poppy
and Shaun and it means there's more
people for me to play with in Brighton
it closes
I'm really excited we're sorry your mum
and dad they've moved their their flat
that are moving into is I getting sorted
at the moments they've moved into mum
and dad's place for five weeks so that
me I know so they could always stay here
for me if they wanted a um but yeah so
they moved back today they brought lots
of that stuff back in a retirement car
yet
so we're going to go and see them now
maybe get a bit of lunch I reach another
rotten camera there was your last one we
have too many cameras in this house okay
that's my old one they will get broken
really quickly with the little thingy on
they do actually I was just watching our
Jonathan's video why they went to Malibu
I'm Jonathan
broke his camera in a way so that's
another one down we have to be them two
minutes oh yeah I'm working for you
you're the UH plug-in if I'm could just
look anywhere behind let's go some some
videos this morning very productive
three film three videos videos um and I
also brought Alfie breakfast in bed
did you like that oh don't be a
this way I did like that yeah really
really good
I made scrambled egg on wholemeal toast
with avocado and your number Devon place
yourself on fresh orange juice you guys
put this on your back Thank You outfi oh
that's not quite how it works
oh I don't have another pocket Johnny
carrying my camera pop it in my bag if
you like anyway we should probably go if
we're supposed to be there in two
minutes
probably one minute now I probably know
minutes show every date guys know I'm
showing that you're bad for you okay
good let's go Nala will be a good girl
she'll hold the fork she don't you wanna
hold the call I get saying isn't matter
hold before fort fort
I got like Castle even though we
definitely don't have any castle real
and it's not school my GP these are the
Shawn's get excited about plates I'm
late they're gonna need something you
know like an amazing also I have a
ticket if you wanna work yeah that's so
small so good
my mum loves this shop is her faith
getting some of these because oh he gets
coverage yeah before I can fit copper in
the house get some
he's a nice though really nice oh yeah
that was lovely but what would you give
that hat out of ten
sterling us quite structurally sound
that's a seven out of ten that would
actually look quite good on you des that
would have look good in Mykonos where
did I win that yeah the nice work with
that okay yeah yeah the beach we're
taking to meet Felix and Marcia if you
can hear me it's quite windy she's met
them before just not the bugs oh yeah
she's just not the heavier cougar so
before we're going to there's we've
stopped off here we're just having a
little walk around I kind of miss Pig
might see as much but she's been quite
good now
