okay so the battery is running out on
this alfie there is various editing away
or knowledge barking at siren and this
camera doesn't focus very well is this
you're eating one camera and so I was
like geez I haven't uploaded oh hello
everyone by the way um I was just
thinking geez I haven't written a blog
in so long as Alfie sat editing his vlog
Nala do you mind
hey um and then I remembered that I had
filmed two sets of clips one being me
and Amy finishing the book which was a
huge thing for us because we've been
working on this for so long and we
finished it and then after that I have
my tips for Louise's book launch I
always forget when I like randomly film
clips and parts of the day without
waking up and filming and finishing it
at the end
I forget that they ever existed and I
plug my card and I'm like oh my goodness
so I am going to be doing more vlogging
I've just been so super busy um and I
really miss it but just for today
because I have this footage enjoy and I
will see very soon and I have a cat on
my t-shirt say goodbye Nala enjoy the
clips say enjoy the footage do you think
they'll enjoy it do you think they will
look at that little sad face anyway guys
enjoy that's my hair like like a little
fountain on my head or like some weird
bug so today is Monday it's not
Wednesday today and Amy's here again
didn't
today we like someone needs to make all
the gifts of when I turn the camera name
because you always think she looks so
awkward like so today is one of our last
meetings because our deadline is this
week yeah
but we are so nearly done I'm going to
flip the screen out so I don't look at
myself basically last night I wrote the
last couple of chapters
it was very emotional to say which kind
of mode everyone was like was a happy or
sad like you'll have to find out that's
the whole point
um so we're now basically going through
it from start to finish
yeah so I was reading everything was
overwrought last night and going through
and it was oh good I thought I can't
wait you guys to read it I know so I'm
really excited yeah it's very emotional
but it's so exciting through the final
line that you wrote last night I know
but I always thanked Amy like I feel
that the final is it the right last line
yeah is it what was the word you used
again pointing poignant poignant if it
poignant enough and so we're like double
checking so I was like I'm not sure that
for me that was like the hardest bit was
like the last sentence cause that's
that's literally the lasting impression
of buckets like that's the end even
changed like quite big thing young huge
like we've gone through and be like this
doesn't work so we're changing it but
you can't work with a blank page you
just have to get the words down finish
finish the book
we've got 80,000 words that's a nice
high high back yeah so yeah we're almost
out but now I just got to make sure
they're fine too now yeah
seal it all out fine to nuts good
memories yeah and one of my little
things I kept doing was talking in past
ten yeah and then in I do that a limited
okay I make
Amy's life so hard like woman I'm like
in present tense and I'm past tense it
is only when you go now you've done this
again here and I feel my gonna have
that's okay I used the word just all the
time I use and and and and and just and
just I was also going back through the
first part that we did and I realized I
always make Noah say I was it kinda Oh
kinda you know you know ya know you know
cuz I always under loads of red and I'm
like ah what have I done wrong alright
yeah like he's American like that's Noah
yeah for a lot of people who don't
understand what editor does can you
explain in a short paragraph such
sentence while neither is squeaking toy
behind you what it is that you do as an
editor yeah well I guess as an editor I
work with authors so I read people's
books go through them and help make them
the best book that they can be and
suggest changes make suggestions and
then we work on it together won't change
my tenses will change for temporary my
am yeah yeah and check all the commas
and the full stops and all the grammars
in the right place but also we have
proof readers who help with that too oh
yeah so after this stage what happens
next so it goes to yes after the stage
or go to a copy editor and they're ones
who kind of subscribe so I'm as an as
always editor I work on the big
structural thing so characters plot
making sure it all actually reads well
yeah making sure it all makes sense and
then we'll go on from there to a copy
editor who make sure that it all is like
continuous so we don't do things make
silly mistakes like it's morning and
then it's nighttime or it's raining and
then all of sudden everyone's out and
they said my dress outside yes just like
that
I don't think about too much until like
when we started doing this and you were
like although I've been a few times
where I've said like oh good night and
then the next minute you're like yeah
it's slightly odd yeah and it's sunny
yeah and then and then I start thinking
about things like that way more yeah or
like something like if we say oh and
then they took the tray
to London but we tell them it takes
three hours but you know it takes fifty
minutes like yeah like that yeah all of
that is correct so someone can't say ah
you know that the train to bright minds
yes stuff like that and also because
Elliott is living Wikipedia we do add in
a lot more things if you have to make
sure actually
oh really so that's that's all it and
then after that part part it will get
put into a book pages form and someone
will read it for really really closely
for grammatical mistakes and I learn I
suppose when you said last time that
some proof readers will read the book
backwards yeah so they don't get into
the story so they don't actually see any
of the grammatical errors like I'm not
so interesting yeah and I can't do that
kind of stuff I'm like so much more big
picture I can't focus on the details
no peanuts yeah what about the big stuff
all about the big thing yeah yeah and
then after the type the proofread is it
yeah he'll go after price and then it
might be in your hands
October I'm so excited
yeah and then you're very soon you'll
get to see the cover and everything to
all that oh my god I know but for now
reserved first draft is pretty much
hyper done yeah how long is it taking us
when do we start
January on your own six six months yeah
it's not bad it's pretty good I'm very
happy with it as well like super happy
with it I think it's gone really well if
I say so myself yeah definitely it's
pretty funny I was talking to and he was
alfea's mum when we were on holiday and
I was like it's really weird because
it's like after the first book you've
got people that are actually fully
invested in the storyline and in the
characters so you have to be careful how
you make it go because obviously I have
like so much power over what could
happen
I could kill off like any other
characters like I could do anything
obviously or it's not enough it's not
going
very no games there's nothing like that
but it is like scary to write the second
book with so many people already
invested in the first one yeah well
that's why we're taking so much time to
make sure yeah Oh groans oh nice it
comes earlier on today we got we always
get your points we work so solidly and
just stare at words for so long we get a
little bit like giddy in a bit delirious
we somehow put onto listening to piano
covers and then we started singing
lyrics over the piano covers and change
them to go online lyrics yeah yeah we
were like yeah we won't know and penny
yeah
maybe one day I'll release oh yeah but
that's when you know it's lunchtime
basically but yeah so this is pretty
much our last proper proper book one yet
but I believe it will all be houses in
out of our hands out of our hands
looking at the copy editor notes and
going I said that's the scary part what
does the copy editor like what is this
what have you done they won't they want
they're gonna love it honestly
everyone's gonna love it so good and
then it's the scary part what everyone
else reads yes yeah that's always scary
mmm that is scary I've got that
happening Oh Amy's book is out next week
this week this week Thursday so not only
is Amy an editor she also is an author
yeah so do you have an editor for your
but I do ah see that's how it works yeah
everyone every author has an editor I
that's been published someone who has
read their book and loves it just as
much as they do work see them make it
like the best thing exactly I'm actually
sometimes it's quite nice have another
set of eyes on something because if you
get so invested in it yeah and it isn't
I don't know like sometimes I think I
could sit and write and write and write
and then I'd be like what I just written
well that's a question I get asked a lot
those sort of like you're an editor
can't you edit your own book it's like
no there's no way I can edit my own book
because I'm too close to it yeah can't
see the mistakes and weird like or the
problems with it you just think like oh
this is great yeah yeah
that's what makes it all worthwhile yeah
exactly exactly it's all very exciting I
can't wait
hi everyone I haven't really filmed much
this week because Alfie has had gastro
in two writer so I think that's how you
say it so and that's a stomach virus and
it's highly contagious so I have stayed
well away from Alfie I've also had
probably one of the busiest weeks I've
had in a really long time it's just one
of those weeks where when I finish one
thing I have something else I need to do
and then by the end of the day I've
fallen asleep doing the last thing I
needed to do and then I wake up with
something else I need to do so it has
been a very busy week it's now Thursday
so I'm going to add a little bit of
Monday at the start this vlog you or
roller you would have already watched it
um but I am currently in Tanya and Jim's
house
I still have pretty bad anxiety with
travel I'm not going to get too much
into it but it meant that instead of
taking the train into London today for
Louise's book launch I decided to drive
I prefer to drive most of the time
because I feel like I'm a little more in
control of it and I know that if I feel
really anxious I can pull over I also
did this drive last week to Tania gym so
I felt quite comfortable with it and
from Tania and gyms I'm then going to
get a taxi with Maddy and Louise to the
venue so it's like the least stress
possible so that I'm actually able to
make Louise's book launch because I
would have absolutely hated to miss it
because of anxiety my lipstick is the
kendall Jenner Estee Lauder lipstick and
I absolutely love it anyway so yes it's
Louise's book launch evening I'm so
excited to see Louise and I'm so excited
for her book launch I think it's gonna
be super super so I'm ringing with me
I'm in the car now with Maddy and chubby
are you excited no sugar
shall we just put me my baby sorry yeah
I'm very excited really excited much
excited merging sigh I like a flower
crown I'll open tell me the best thing
about today so far you've had a very
busy day how about in a day with no
Maddie she's my Maddie too though oh oh
sure yeah sharing is good yeah cool this
is it's like a cool salon look we can
get a hard-edged we shouldn't have done
it
wait what wait wait but I like yours
this is cool this looks like a fran job
you know the friend job the from job
we're in dumping time or just notice I
have those cushions
and here it is life with a sprinkle of
glitter and if you notice very closely
I'm actually on the front cover you and
I that will be seen there I've not only
in any of it again I went I was told not
to get it until today I want to show you
something that you'll realize oh god is
it like a terrible photo of me that you
bet in their creepy Matthew dreamy
I'm soap opera yeah yeah
excuses have you finished my book yet no
Alfie has he went on holiday anyway okay
please like delicious
Oh
yeah
my name's Arthur Simon Schuster I'd be
like welcome Ria's evening as we
celebrate Michaels glitter she's dead
please file for books that he doesn't
because of me
is your technique to get to the front of
the game
yeah
Oh
yeah
