currently at the train station
Alfie's still in I think is in Newcastle
now actually he's doing his book signing
so he didn't come back last night but I
did have a really fun day with Jim and
then I fell asleep watching Once Upon a
Time which by the way is an awesome TV
series on Netflix now that I'm up to
date with Chris into liars
I needed something else to watch and so
everyone on Twitter was like watch one
spare time I think you'll really like it
you were right I really like it it's
basically kind of fairy tales and find
themselves in the modern day and there's
lots of lots of twists and turns and
it's amazing I am currently waiting
station for poppy which is Alfie sister
I notice in lots of my comments you guys
all like I love puppies so much I love
probably too poppy lovely and she's come
down from London today just to hang out
have a fun day in Brighton I hope you'll
get to go some shots as mentioned and go
in any shops yesterday it was kind of
more of a browse and lunch basically but
yeah hopefully I'm hungry as day this is
the roof is off and it's funny and I'm
wearing a rather spring-like outfit have
this kind of MIDI stripy dress on with
slits at the side and I've got my
converse and a little denim jacket which
I actually got from a charity shop about
five years ago
so we eventually got into town I would
actually say that probably took five
minutes and now we're going to head up
to Churchill Square which we are
anticipating is going to be the busiest
part but it's fine it's fine we're just
it's a lovely day although it's a little
bit cold it's going to be I'll be honest
we're in Topshop right now and the
lovely girls at Topshop here we see when
I come in on like a like pals now I've
gave up sense of it can we use possible
shopping fitting room so we've put some
stuff in here we're going to try some
stuff on I've got some color in here
you've got home oh yeah no because we're
going on holiday so you don't we pop I'm
so excited
how long between so I want some like
holiday bits some things that will look
nice with a town and you can also see my
outfit properly now I'm still not really
sure about this outfit I don't know
whether it makes me look a bit this
varium have no don't walk like that
OoT G right let's get naked
what do you think of this guys I
actually quite like these trousers I
think they're quite cold
like this
I also love you it's like high-neck I
really like this I love the colors it
feels very 60s and 70s we poppy already
had to bring back some bags to the car
they have gone slightly actually with
slightly reward I would just say we
found a great selection I think it's
good shopping day whenever I'm shot yeah
exactly
um and I don't know if I said this in
the fitting room or not I think I did
I'm not sure I'm just going to set now
just in case but the girls in top drop
personal shopping are amazing those
Carla and Olivia and sometimes John who
is hilarious he wasn't there today and I
just want to recommend you guys go and
use the service because it's free and I
think a lot of people feel quite
intimidated by personal shopping and I
can understand why because I think if
you're slightly younger and you see some
more like oh you can come upstairs for
free and we'll help you it's almost like
what's the catch
but I'm also not being asked to say this
I just want to say into you because the
experience is so much nicer so much more
relaxed yeah and also it just means you
can go in there with your friends and
you can almost upon and they can go get
your size and it's just so lovely and I
always do it in there with those girls
every time I go because I just find it a
lot less stressful and it's nice to have
help like so much nicer house a nice bit
of graffiti charming house that we're
being shot at mummy and so we're going
to go for lunch now now that we've taken
it bags back to the car we also stopped
off at home sense and I bought some
copper things surprise surprise
really nice lanterns though I just need
to find some candles to put in there
Albert and yeah we're gonna go for lunch
now
sometimes I'm free to walk Obama
delicious
cut poppy she's gone mental in the shop
so I let you go I'm joking it's me I
gonna definitely acid a whole video but
look we just ran past the window and
it's all alby's foots in water stone and
it says oh yeah I mind
but they've liked slot me down next to
Alfea but look it says Alfie's back at
pointlessblog a script promotion firstly
i'm sliggoo Alfie and we also really
liked these we don't know what they are
or your little pens
I guess maybe you'd need them if you
were going to fill out the point use
book to even yeah not first one Zoe get
it right but yeah we should that would
show you that I love the colors of my
books so good
hello I'm just going through the photo
so I thought you guys it oh it's just
one of me posing I thought you'd really
like that one yeah I thought you guys
would really like this one
I was trying to use up for last two
pictures there's another one I like
we've grown in that one this one clearly
didn't work this was meant to be the
table for the Tea Party I should have
put the flash on there's one agree and
healthy that's a nice picture me and Joe
that's nice
Joe and Caspar oh that's supposed to be
Marcus and Naomi that didn't work summit
this was meant to be poppy Shaun J&J you
can just throw out makeup whopping show
on that I didn't put the flash on for
these because I was like oh it's feels
like it's really bright so I just didn't
Anna and Jonathan and someone else but
don't know who Joe maybe dammit
everyone sat around the table damn it
me and our fake nice me an Elfie oh I
like that one except Alfie was not ready
for that
you know hey Marcus and Miami that's key
oh that one's cute a really pretty do
you like those mama
there's my cake again I didn't fit a
flash on I thought it would be okay
that's how there's something quite cool
about them though when they look a bit
like that
it's like Irie really cool this one's my
favorite she let that one pop I know I
think I look greater Oh
this was the night before my birthday
when we were all watching Annabelle gosh
oh look at Nala room with Niamey honky
no look a little no low marks in Miami
and that's it that's all my photo I love
doing that because you never know what
they're going to come out like so some
could come out pretty crap and that's
okay because you never know and some
come out really nice so it's all the joy
of of a throwaway camera but I think
it's worth it just to just to have fun
time I thought it was about time I took
down all my birthday cards because I
have really milked it it has been nearly
two weeks has it been doing two weeks
yeah house wasn't her why is that gone
so quick what the hell I was taking him
down and I found my favorite card I got
a lot of lovely cards at my birth for my
birthday but I think my favorite one was
actually from Casper just I would never
imagined a lovely card from Casper I
don't mean that in a mean way I just
mean what do I mean you know I mean
happy birthday Zoey you are like a big
sister to me and it's so great seeing
you succeed I hope you have a perfect
day and then he explains some of his
presence to me and I just think that is
the nicest card I hope he doesn't mind
me sharing that with you but it was like
it nearly made me cry when I read it I
was like oh Casper
you're so cute so I'm gonna keep that
forever Casper thank you
actually the next day now and I
completely forgot to end yesterday's
vlog but me and probably basically
chilled out made some pie watched kevin
and perry go large which is an amazing
film i think you've gotten how good that
was I send a copy I remember watching it
being way too young and finding it very
inappropriate for my age Oh getting a
bit tangled
we've got the Long leads that we're at
stambha park there's alfie taking photos
there's Buzz and Amanda and there's Nala
who wants to carry her own lead don't
you she's got a new harness on look at
you Missy Nullah ha
Nala look at mommy NOLA Oh
okay off she goes
and we're basically training on long
leads because it's good for recall and
it's just interesting to see how far
they would try and run and also how long
they will walk next to you for before
they walk off no luck good girl good
girl look how cute you are now if we
just took cutest photo of Nala it was
adorable
and I think we're going to go into stand
my house and have some dinner
but it's such nice weather this evening
like so nice you have to excuse my bun
as well it looks like I'm hiding like a
guinea pig in my hair or something it's
so pretty
you have to stop pulling on the lead
though try and walk yourself
cuz I put that anyway she saw that you
down not are you gonna see it I've gone
for steak and vegetable pie with mash
and everyone else's converse Eva salmon
salmon some kind of fish fingers or
something um what are you barking at
Missy nothing is it the song do you
think I've got a strapless bra on so I
look naked I still have the biggest bun
in the world still got a guinea pig in
there there we go now I've got two in
there um I had a really lovely evening
um dinner was lovely
it was like perfect party there was a
football match on so you were all a bit
worried about going to stand there in
case there was like hundreds of people
over like let's go there because right
next to the is it called a stadium Alfie
yeah Brian's idiom yeah Stadium so much
higher my shoulder is in your head
I know it's cuz you're set up and I'm
like mmm
tired and it's five to ten it's way past
my bedtime but thank you so much for
watching the vlog I hope you've had an
awesome day whatever you have been doing
in fact let me know in the comments to
things that you've done today that have
made you really happy all have made
someone else very happy because that's
just as important
um Alfie what two things have you done
today that's made you happy or someone
else happy
um made me happy was the Walken Deneuve
Nala a new mum and dad mm-hmm
someone else happy is that I went and
met a lot of people who do an NCS yeah
like 50 of their leaders and a lot of
them watch my videos no really happy to
see me that's nice that that's mean us
what about you tonight will be that
thing I made NOLA happy because we've
had lots of cuddles today and that made
me happy as well does that count is that
allowed say goodnight
no say goodnight don't be mean all
they've ever done is love you because I
watched Kevin and Perico large last
night that's why I was stuck in my hair
all I want to do is do it
thank you remember that legends did you
watch that film did you ever watch that
film hey did you ever watch that film
Kevin a very good Lodge you remind me of
Perry he will not in that much you know
won't even hear your white ones in oh
good so this will be fun for you to
watch back awesome I'm gonna go now cuz
I'm tired and delirious and this is just
turning into a right Rumble right Oh
what you've been filming from yeah
because you keep interrupting me and I
keep you keep saying things I'm gonna
have to cut out of this video say
goodnight say goodnight goodnight guys
hello cleaner stop that'd be funny doubt
it like I'm cleaning the YouTube screen
oh yeah I'll be really funny
oh my god you're so annoying
night guys wanna clean the YouTube
screen oh my god miss you to scream for
them good toy yeah go on
no you do it out oh yeah and I love to
read how you do it you just made me do
it
it looks oh you've got a second head
your buns bigger than your look I've
been knowledge is farting she's jealous
well you know so for my bun why would I
be jealous of your bodies you're trying
to grow your hair it won't if I'm 420 go
into that yes you are - don't pull my
hey why are you holding my thumb cuz I
want you to give this video that's the
worst joke oh my gosh
came out is okay oh sorry this puto
not one Bend shut up no right Nala say
goodnight oh yeah that's gonna happen
isn't that another oh okay goodnight
guys say goodnight Elfi ah say goodnight
goodnight guys I love you honey clean up
here stop that
well we didn't turn it off with like
breath their own one
