hi it's book day today I didn't see Amy
last week because obviously I was on
holiday so we have a lot to catch up on
and our deadline is so soon I still have
a little bit more to write and we're
basically both going over everything and
making sure it's exactly how I want it
to be and Amy's making sure that it's
readable um
so she is coming any second now we had a
dog behaviorist specialist a dog
behavior specialist a dog behaviorist we
had dog behaviorist round last night
she's called Linda hello Linda if you're
watching this I know that she sometimes
pictures the videos because Nara has
been being a little bit naughty and not
naughty just um she has some slight
improvements to make in a sense that she
feels that she is the one taking all the
responsibility and has all the control
in the household when an actual fact
that is myself and our feet basically
she thinks she is princess top dog of
the house and although we love her very
much and she is our little princess and
she is our top dog it does mean that it
makes life a little bit difficult for us
sometimes she started barking at
everything that moves
she believes that when a bird flies over
she barks at it and as it continues to
fly over because it's not interested in
how she thinks she's barking at it and
it goes away because she's barking at it
little things like guys always very
interesting when you speak to somebody
who knows dogs very well so that was
awesome and we did that yesterday and I
forgot to film it but that is the reason
my vlog ended so quickly yesterday
because we were with her from like five
until almost nine o'clock it's about
saying nothing when they're naughty and
lots of praise and lots of treats when
they're doing something right and
yesterday was awesome like she was here
for like three hours and Nala was
already being so much better behaved so
she's a very fast learner which is great
and it shouldn't really be an issue
she's not really like a naughty she's
not like a really naughty dog there's
just a few
we wanted to adjust and just make sure
she understood before we implanted the
behaviors and I got worse um so you know
dog parenting 101 my teeth look so white
today I think it's the tan still and I
also have like the biggest spot on my
Chin's like my chin extension I have
something so exciting to show you today
it's probably the title of the video but
I am so excited to show you guys the
front cover of my paperback as you know
the girl online book came out last
November end of November and it came out
in hardback because hardback was always
my favorite to own whenever I read a
book I just love the feeling of a
hardback I love reading hardback so I
was like I really like but to be in
hardback they were like sure why the
pharoah lights on outside so it is being
released in a paperback now which is the
general way it works you know half that
comes out further than the paperback so
the girl online paperback is being
released in August I did mention this in
a previous vlog but today I get to show
you the cover it is you know along the
same lines otherwise it will look like a
completely different book but it is
different and it has something very
exciting inside it it actually has the
first two chapters of girl Online 2
which is not called girl online to
brackets um it has the first two
chapters of that book in it so because I
wanted to give you guys something more
than just you know here's the same book
but with a paperback instead of a
hardback so that's what we've done and I
think I I don't know I kind of want to
read you guys the first chapter but I
don't know I don't know I don't think
I'm that great at reading hence why I
didn't do the audiobook a lot of you are
like please do the audiobook and I was
like guys like I love reading in my head
but when it comes to reading out loud
and doing accents and like different
voices and things I'm not the best but
if you actually want me to I would love
to read you guys the first chapter in a
vlog or something I can't promise you it
will be the best reading that you've
ever heard but I can give it my god
damned hardest try
as you guys have been like a major part
of this journey with me
so kind of want to do that so take
ourselves outside over in the little
pods pods just one just one part things
off the screen
oh no spoilers there we go
oh they don't barking OH but yeah this
is the first time we've actually been
able to come outside and work beautiful
water we also have ice lollies inside so
maybe we shove an ice lolly now I can
now show you the front cover off the
paperback book dun dun dun look at it
it's so cool let me put it down so you
can see it quickly what do you think al
I like yeah it's cool isn't it
this isn't quite the finished ones
that's gonna have the rose gold yeah
this is what did you call it a yummy the
dummy the dummy one like this comes over
not yet cool isn't it and this is gonna
be shiny isn't it as well a bit here and
this bit shiny the rose gold shiny shiny
it's a yeah yeah yeah paperback is
normally smaller than a hardback isn't
it yes and there we go
can't show you the back because a huge
spoiler on whatever second book is
called like searching for oh yeah yeah
yeah see I mean I can get it now because
I've read it yeah you can exactly the
reason Alfie is holding Nala is not
because he's really mean it's because
she was barking and that's what we have
to do now so yes how exciting this is
the paperback front come on this is the
one time it always looks like neither is
smiling when we're playing fetch look a
little face ready
Ready Steady Go
Oh still got it go good go drop it
don't bite me
I can't do it if you're gonna protect it
now you're gonna eat grass for attention
yeah I got it I got it I got it I got it
Ready Steady Go
drop it
see ya ready go oh good girl
myself and Amy have been working for a
good how many hours now what's the time
amy has just left and on Ola I'm got how
to talk I have got another two chapters
done today and and I have three more to
go
three more chapters and I feel like the
ending is kind of like the most
important part obviously it isn't but I
feel like is so much has just happened
in the chapters I wrote that I felt the
emotion I felt the emotion as I was
writing it I love this I love this
mmm now I'm going to write a little bit
more and then I think what I might do is
have a bath and watch the newest episode
of Pretty Little Liars
I'm completely up-to-date I am totally
obsessed and totally loving it and I
hope any of you that are watching out
also enjoying it too I'm kind of tempted
to go back and start from the beginning
again not gonna lie I actually don't
have the time to do that though so no
one let me please look how cute this
book is that came in my PA box it's
called Lola pug and it's written by
Karina lag Nardo illustrated by Emily
Collins oh and it is the cutest book
like the illustrations are so lovely
it's about a family who decides to get a
pug and they kind of go through the
different breeds and they decide that
they want to go for a pug basically but
it's just the cure
just trying to do this discreetly
because the minute she notices a camera
she might move this is us having little
cuddles if I can even see yeah probably
oh she's pushing my feet look the camera
comes out freak she's like no thang
she's Mitchum I do what you want about
how long has you been lying down with us
for like 10 minutes 15 minutes she loves
me so much she doesn't yeah what happens
if I leave don't make what excited that
guys that is purely because she thinks
she was gonna go and have no it doesn't
she added in it yet yes
 yeah that was because I met no it
wasn't what we've done this yes so many
times she loves me more love and it was
an i won
hmm he dubbed me is that mother why
is that
please don't break my new camera I have
just stopped oh oh
today maybe it's because my hand is kind
of wearing off ah I saw not the way to
get a cuddle from a dog ah trod on my
penis
well that's Karma some text me Alfie
sprinkled is your favorite your boy Troy
healthy the behavior the behavior will
be very good being very very good oh my
neck oh nothing
hey this spot literally I need to give
it a name because it's probably the
biggest spot I've ever had Rodney Rodney
Rodney the spot
Phil Rodney oh one nail fill my Rodney
my brother would find that funny
well dad I was joking
feelin I taught for that you know that
yep oh thanks oh yeah and once we got
that so harsh no no no it looks like it
small but it's nice no this is a thing
he's not one of the spots where you're
ever gonna be
you know such a big surface area he's
short for like a couple of days and then
he'll go at the path and again I at this
in my last clip I think I'm doing what a
barf and I want but it's like three
hours later and I still haven't had a
barf and I still haven't watched pretty
liars but how he's gonna cook dinner for
me tonight aren't you
oh I was honestly thinking you were
gonna cook me dinner but not a gun where
is she under the bed
what what's Chilean joke in there do I
give a dollar uh so funny I didn't know
she liked to go under the bed I am
currently watching this video
of tires that she uploaded when did she
upload this November 2nd last year um is
when she came to stay with Alfie and Jim
were away and it's like one of my
favorite vlogs you should see she's oh
nice oh god what an innuendo I played
some so wrong what is going on with all
this fluffy hair today
this mental crazy mental I am so sleepy
it's half 10:00 and I do still want
above and to watch Bridget alive so I'm
gonna go that running my bath now um
this little one has been sleeping next
to me for quite a while she's so cute
when she's sleepy she's like my favorite
um but anyway one of my favorite things
to do at the moment is to go back and
watch old vlogs so in the comments I
want you guys to let me know what your
favorite vlog has been of mine or anyone
elses where like we're all hanging out
or I'm hanging out with someone or
they're normally my favorite ones to
watch back because it's like you know
those amazing days you spend with your
friends and you'll always think about it
and you'll always think or what a happy
day that was it's so nice to be able to
actually go back and watch that whether
that's on
my channel or on Tanya's channel or
Jim's channel or Louise's channel or
Marx's or Naomi's or like it's just so
nice to go back and actually watch the
day I've been writing down a lot of blog
posts and videos that I want to do
towards the end of the year like around
Halloween and Christmas time which I
know makes me sound mental but it's like
one of my favorite times of the year and
um so I like to be like super organized
so I'm making lists of blog posts and
videos that I for sure want to do at
Christmas I did have this really kind of
unrealistic goal that I wanted to upload
a lot of videos on my main channel and
do vlogmas so I'm kind of trying to make
a list of ideas I could do like if
there's enough ideas and I have enough
time before December to kind of film
them then I thought that would be such a
fun thing to do because I don't know
about you and I am so sorry that I'm
talking about this in June because I
appreciate that summer hasn't even
really arrived yet here in the UK but um
I just feel like December is just one of
those months where everyone is happy
everyone is vlogging everyone like is in
the festive spirit and I just feel like
videos are so fun like I am the most
addicted to YouTube in December because
everyone is in a good mood everyone is
uploading like baking videos and DIY
videos and it's just like all the
Christmas music and it's just amazing
and I'm now going in the Christmas
spirit in June so I'm sorry if I have
disappointed you or excited you for
Christmas in June and I have bags so big
under my eyes bags for life
sorry Nala that noise did not agree with
her oh my god anyway um yeah I was just
watching loads of Tonya's videos because
um I love all these vlogs so much like
this like my fave
and actually myself Alfie Anala are
going to go and stay with Tanya and Jim
tomorrow for two days Jim isn't there
for the first night I think Jim arrives
on Friday but we are driving down and
Nala is going to take her first trip to
Tanya and Jim's house and I don't think
tired you have seen Allah since my
birthday so that would be really nice
guys look what we did
one day to go we've done fifty six
thousand seven hundred and sixty six we
have gone over the goal by a huge amount
and I are not in focus there we go
this makes me so happy you're all
sending me screenshots on Twitter
it's amazing you guys are amazing and
trek stock I'm gonna be so happy and you
are going to make a lot of people very
very happy so thank you so much to
everybody who's donated you're all
amazing amazing people and your money is
going to go to such a good cause
yay we're all high five
massive group hug come to that part of
the evening where I will take a bath
bomb or about Philip
into my bar I feel like my skin is just
on every shade it comes to go and I'm
looking at the screen which is really
bad and really annoying and I hate
myself every time I added a video there
like Zoe why did you look at the screen
because my old camera was so bad at
focusing and sometimes I have to cut
chunks the video out there so long
there's a lot our photo and now it's
become a bad habit but although I am
about dream might opt correct it would
make perfect sense for me to be doing
all the tail pro mode I am going to use
a lush fastball pictures even though I
have Wendy's new age I'm still all about
that lash line this is one of my
favorite ones before bed steps bomb it
smells so amazing but I just find that
even as you can hear me because the barf
is funny I just find it very relaxing
and my skin smells amazing afterwards so
I'm going to go to this one I'm not just
saying this but I am going to be using
this because I just got back off holiday
I need to keep my skin basically
exfoliated because my dad is coming out
okay
barf bombs going in but ah I feel like
this is so addictive to watch we all
know what happens to a bath bomb but I'm
filming it anyway and I just can't seem
to turn the camera off basically this
one makes your bath go pink
and it already smells amazing so I think
I'm going to end the video here guys I'm
not going to fill myself in the bath
because you know
swearnet and I will bid you farewell
goodnight um I love you very much I hope
you've had an awesome day and I will see
you tomorrow bye
