good morning you beautiful Bunch it is
Monday and it's still Frank holiday so
it's a beautiful day I still feel like
it's Easter which is nice um it's really
lovely and sunny today so we've decided
that we're going to head down to the
beach Alfie's come in and yeah yeah
Andres and Nala with a little Easter
jumper look how cute it's almost like
she knows when the cameras out that she
has suppose why are you so cute and
beautiful I feel like we've got a kid
you know when you go out people like
Karen Jonathan's suffer that and they're
like one minute if we've got this we've
got this we've got this I'm like I
forgot poo mags we've got treats and we
got water we got a bowl put the more
drain we got a jumper we got a bad but a
jumper in if she gets too hot it's
literally like having a baby yeah um and
also thanks so much for letting us know
in the comments guys about her collar
and a harness we were using a harness on
her when she was very small and then I
can't remember was it I can't member
someone that dog training said it's
better to use a collar because it's
safer but she is still really small so
we weren't sure and then lots of you
said it's probably better to use a
harness so we've gone back to the
harness now so thanks for that
tips we're always learning aren't we um
but so she's got her she's got her
harness on underneath her little jumper
I was saying to Alvey like it's sunny
but it's deceivingly cold so like I'm
like layered up um and I would rather
she had a jumper to keep her warm and
then we took it off if she got too hot
cuz she can get really cold a lot of
people like why do you dress your dog
I'm just like cuz otherwise she
literally shivers and she's so cold
she's a lot smaller in real life than
she probably looks like on the camera
and she gets cold easily she's basically
me she falls asleep at 7 p.m. and she
gets cold easily so
top see where she gets it from just says
why do we wear a coat when we go out why
we got this one keep me warm I mean a
lot of dogs have thicker fur as well but
you've only got one layer of fur or
something a single layer of fur when
most dogs have two which is a cool fact
that we learned when we got a pug so she
does get quite cold and therefore
therefore I think it's better to have
one on you and then to take it off if
you get too warm than for her to be very
cold neither of I like a used red with a
street on them I can't have an easter
egg for breakfast why actually is Easter
so technically you probably can we can
always grab something from one of the
little shops by beach will they be open
no this is bank holiday I'm sure they
will because well God it'll be great
you're the shipper go yeah we should try
and intercept the backup weren't taking
there go just take away stuff okay right
let's go you ready Nana are you ready
she always knows when we're about to
leave it's going and standing by the
door
look where are we off to are you ready
round around in circle oh no and I
haven't got my car keys either look at
oh she's like come on Alfa's just gone
into a little bakery that was near my
old flat called sugar dough because they
do the most amazing thing you cleaner so
we're just waiting for him in the car I
just love this time of year so much do
you Nala this so cute we've been driving
here and all has been like
Alfie's always been holding her we've
had the window down and she's been like
looking out the window like oh my
goodness the world the world and birds
birds are her favorite and you okay
Missy
mom bets hello and a pretty girl I'm so
hungry
hurry Elfie hurry look at her watching
the world go by what's that what's
outside by the beach sea is actually
there's a little sandy patch down there
so for everyone that says that bright
and has no son yes but she looks so
beautiful
oh look there's poppy and Sean Matt do
it first you imagine if you fuzz and
Nala could do what this dog is doing
running in to get the whole be good you
gonna run in and grab a ball Nala
look how it yeah I know come on then
good girl
this way let's go back to the Beecher
this is so typical of me but I found a
Beecher that I really like just really
liked the colors of this one number 384
that's your future loving the colors
just like these chats where is everyone
very far behind I love the beach at look
at this one it's called the little pinch
of dreams I really like it it's like a
really nice pink color look water Sun
that's cool
we could go in a pedalo we've come down
to the other side now um Nullah is after
that bird I should imagine
oh yeah nope oh oh oh it's so cute
watching them run around together it's
so sweet water sports and things look at
that whoo-hoo oh yes he landed it trophy
you could do that puppy I'll he's gone
home to beach cities to do stuff for his
video but we have all come from picnic
and we're by Stan my house which is
where we've come up sometimes we're just
way too much menu max gets to family man
she's doing yeah yeah see what she does
is she nearly got yanked them jong-kul
ha no no so we are still in the park Oh
get into a bigger tangle that rope swing
in one of three oh yeah you on the swing
Shawn
keep spinning so nice around here that's
the little tree with that under okay did
you get it oh no it's oh god it makes
you dizzy
yeah keep spinning it end of exciting
yeah wait trace you guys oh dear this is
snapped off
I think this is gonna make everyone so
dizzy
Oh belie bye bye bye did you like that
yeah I'm back from the park now it was
so much fun it was so lovely just to
chill out um and I know I always find
that it's quite difficult to completely
wind down to not be constantly
refreshing Instagram Twitter emails
checking at YouTube and keeping
up-to-date with all the things that I'm
doing it's really hard to be kind of be
not thinking about things and and it
does take me was kind of wind down and
rocking about them and today I actually
did and I really really enjoyed myself
it was so nice just to be having a
chill-out kind of family day so I very
much enjoyed myself and Nala at like the
most amazing day ever her and Buzz were
just running around and
it was just so nice Thursday night so
now I'm back and I thought you know
what's gonna top this relaxing day off a
bar I'm gonna pick one of my many
millions of our phones and which one
should I go for I kind of want something
quite moisturizing so maybe I don't have
any more buttery ones hmm someone bought
me some flour for my birthday where are
they I'm gonna put one of those in found
them these will do the trick because
they have share butter in and they're
bath mouse and these things looks tiny
but they go a really long way so I'm
going to throw one of these in what
sense are they hmm
so excited for my ball I don't know if
any of you have been following alfea's
weird lightbulb story on his second
channel if you haven't quick rundown we
went to an on Jonathan's not too long
ago we went there until quite late I
think we got home at about half past two
in the morning we were both very tired
we came to bed woke up the next morning
and Alfie had a light bulb on his
bedside table now I don't know about you
but keeping light bulbs at your bedside
table isn't a normal thing and I said
why I don't Alfie why yeah why have you
got a light bulb on your bedside table
he was like I don't know but I dreamt I
was changing a light bulb last night
went to turn the main light on oh you
get the light bulb from our main light
on the ceiling this year it was gone and
it was that light bulb because it's a
specific one that fits that light and I
was like okay well maybe your mum's
taken out because she was around the
other day it's quite like a mum thing to
do like all this light bulb needs
changing I'll unscrew it leave on the
side so they know it needs changing we
just test out now in the back Alfie was
like no more time I've been like maybe I
sleep bored and I did it in orange I've
never slept over because he was never
seeming about entering a light bulb and
he was like that's so weird I tried to
go
mostly oh he has never slept what sleep
talking yes you sleep took a lawyer but
never ever sleepwalk ever so he was like
I must have done it and in the back of
my mind I was like you could have but
chances are you probably didn't and
there must be some sort of reasonable
explanation someone came in and screen
it okay boy that made me sleep of it
like gee yeah yeah so just now on
Alfie's channel you can go and watch it
he plugged in the light but I was like
let's test if it works then that means
that I did it myself in my sleep or
someone else if it who would have told
someone took out for a reason or a ghost
or if you're not focused though if it
doesn't work then that just means that
maybe like my mum's undone it and put
them a bit short able to tell us we put
it in and it says broking works so now
either me or Zoey did it in our sleep
or somebody else that we don't know all
that's a freaking ghost in our house
that's just too weird
I'm sorry but that is too weird I dreamt
of undoing right well you would have had
to stand on this bed whilst I was in it
I would have worked obviously whilst
you're asleep you would have stood on me
the light is above the middle of the bed
balanced on there and it's light bulbs
aren't easy to balance on a flat surface
and how dangerous is that you're like
playing with electricity and bulbs in
your sleep I'm just worried that we're
talking about so much I'm going to do it
again tonight if we wake up and it's
gone tonight I'm gonna freak oh my god
what is it I am actually a little bit
scared well I need to clean my wardrobe
that is a wardrobe flawed robe normally
Alfie's like oh your pies are a mess put
your piles awakes you know I like to
make your piles everywhere but your
clothes won't always alfie is the tidy
one Alfie cannot cope when there is
anything out of place and look at this
stretching back look at all empty
look at that mess that he's got see it's
not always made it's messy Elfie it is
99% of the time really yours is messy
down there as well not as bad but it is
messy
um Alfie's also ordered a dominate which
is naughty but amazing because I mean
it's not like we've had enough chocolate
over the last couple of days may as well
go out in style
and order a Domino's now I'm thinking of
that Taylor Swift song ah style we never
go out of style
anyway light bulb weirdo weirdo light
bulb weirdo drive slow well get over you
but why would I have taken out the light
bulb and walked around the bed and put
it on your bed side chain that maybe is
we need to ask yourself when you look in
the mirror you are I didn't dream of
unscrewing a light bulb you dreamt about
the light I dreamed a dream in time gone
by when hope was high in life worth
living yeah really
that's why I dream when hope was high
life or moving sorry Nana did you not
enjoy that Oh
whenever there's another dog bother me
and Elfie gave you watch it yes there's
another cannot hear the dog barking Nala
the doggy isn't here ha fly down no no
that no he doesn't watch sit yourself
down damn girl
sit down no no as them come here sit
she's had a bit of a palapa for over
another eight daisies at the park and
grass and then she was sick on our duvet
I'm getting to discover that all of
these clothes are actually mine well
then why are they in your pile there are
other girls no Jacob can you imagine
who's this whose phone is this
um yes a Nala did a sick Nala did a sick
and you know how I feel about that so
but you're all right aren't you you
don't understand
if you eat grass that's what happens yes
silly pooch oh yes silly boot
Poochie Poochie Poochie Poochie
she's so tired cuz we've had such an
amazing day she's literally been out on
a walk for like a million hours no we
didn't walk her for a million hours
we've just been having a picnic in the
park without me yeah
Alfie's gutted because he didn't realize
we were having a picnic
yeah I didn't know there was a picnic
involved although I'm glad I stayed
because I got a video up so it was
productive if I just been lazy and
fascinated I would have been gutted but
I work so what's he doing Nala finding
out that I've got is he packing to leave
I'm out of watching to do
yeah she's annoying I wish I just did
things right is he leaving us leave us
is that what he's doing if he packing
his bag to go oh you're so tired or how
many of you watching this right now just
want to do this just flop out and sleep
on the softest little blanket ever
haha
don't say goodnight have a look at them
and say goodnight say goodnight go on
try and say it say goodnight say no no
go on
say goodnight oh go on just say
goodnight
that's all I'm asking you goodnight guys
thanks watching Zoe's video
