good morning guys not about what you
doing she is so hyper today like it's
unreal Vica her weekend nah
hmm oh shit calm down
um I am wearing this today which I
absolutely love it says hang on life is
too short for celery which i believe is
a very statement Nala
Oh what's he done did you jump it good
then I got back up good girl
you know what getting a puppy really
does test your patience a lot of people
have told me that it's very good
practice for a child obviously a child
is less very and less mobile to begin
with but having Ally has definitely
tested my patience as cute she is and as
happy as I am to have her in my life can
imagine how couldn't imagine a life
without her in it now it's definitely
had some really kind of testing moments
as you might do a video on getting a
puppy and just the things that I kind of
learned and any advice I would give to
anyone who is thinking about getting a
puppy
because before Nala I had never owned a
dog I'd never had a family dog my Nana
and granddad used to have a dog but we
only saw it or we went to visit it
wasn't like we looked after the dog and
I'm not claiming to be dog expert but I
don't know is that something you guys
would want to see would you want to see
my kind of tips and advice and things I
learnt when getting a puppy
let me know in the comments anyway I am
editing my vlog for today and then I am
going to the cinema with Anna and
Jonathan and Alfie we are going to go
and see insidious chapter 3 I don't know
if you know this about me but I am a
huge horror film fanatic I love horror
films I love the first two I thought
they were really scary um I like kind of
put twists and things I feel like
insidious doesn't really have a lot of
plot twists it's just a lot of like jump
scares which I also really like so I'm
really looking forward to it and yeah
Bert of my day so far
naughty puppy and horror films and it's
really raining outside and I feel very
cozy inside in my little tracksuit I'm
going to be wearing this to the cinema
because I think I can get away with
wearing this out however I will change
the trousers because
made it like I've come straight from the
gym we're in Jonathan's new car Ralphie
did not have this video furnished in
time we're all very disappointed
this is Alfie to a tee everyone's always
like ah South you're always late Safin
no it's not selfie and just like a point
Ciccone Jolie is right late okay Ciccone
gays the Coney gays would be late
president
no Jolie's were always fine you've
actually been here I'm a true that is
true
well that you've no no children yeah but
having said that my first time third
exam so run away to us in an hour and
I'm most excited
yep Jonathan keeps going off that it
scares being on camera
you know when Marcus had his emeriti tea
he used to do that and I when I got in
his Coast go um Marcus could we not go
ready not go ready
I mean it's correct you should see him
Eduardo's reaction he lost he puts his
hand out like Superman and he goes he
loved it thought it was a thrill seeker
and yeah he absolutely loves them well I
didn't think the day and I was like I'd
why they would love that and I can't
remember what it was oh it was like a
little girl in a viral video and she's
in her aeroplane and she's I think she's
or something and her dad's doing all the
like twists and turns in the airplane
and she's like laughing I should have to
fly and I was like I was like I was like
Amelia then I was like I don't know
Amelia would like that actually but yeah
I would love it
Edoardo always loves it I mean there's
like such a girl princess right okay
well we just
this is the Joffrey jokes right do you
not feel it because you are you know
he's or anything that's why I yeah if I
was driving to rollercoaster on yeah I
mean you know even got started
I'm going on out a second area so when
you're going down the moon's where you
can actually go like 70 80 or dude we
can turn off the far point and just be
all attention but do you think that you
would hate it if someone else is driving
yeah yeah we went to good word and we
went around a racetrack I got in the
passenger seat with the racecar driver
like these are like British professional
racecar drivers scary scene ever done in
my life yeah we're driving like 170 mile
an hour in an m4 around 4:00 I'm like oh
yeah oh my god Jesus setting you up for
the movie and you're in the bunt - so
she's gonna be sick it's not windy
pointy Mason yeah is that how do you
terrify so Alibag Jonathan's crying
worse more time like the world
consumption likes peanuts peanut um oh
yes don't worry
not really sorry I know where we are hey
sorry don't worry Jonathan are we gonna
laser zone we should do okay we need to
class and an Alfie update wait wait wait
you got the wrong cinema world yeah you
just run into a random movie looks like
that yeah hey I said it would be so
funny about me just rocked up before us
just sitting to see like what are you
doing this is the best time we hung out
without your children this is weird I'm
like a different person
no no I always feel like you just have
less people to the culture yeah I feel
like a different person like just your
birthday your birthday yeah oh yeah
that's true yeah yeah my best oh yeah um
anyway Jonathan is on a mission I feel
like I'm here with each other okay
dad mode me other like chill time it's
just a film it's fine don't you worry
Pera is okay are you happy
so late oh we haven't started between
the car is like the only things that
won't wait for you in life horrible I
films like really no no it was anyway -
you were weak several minutes oh not
right this way guys this is the way oh
you know the only place to be this July
sighs that because my son by differences
there was one thing I could never
prepare them for life okay what did you
think in the film that is the funniest
stuff I did not more than I jumped yeah
I think that's they're going for I think
was one of those parody are not there
was a few times well yeah yeah like the
jump you'll get so good but the bits in
between the junk of it so is the acting
was so bad that it was funny we ran out
of time when a piece a who's gonna get
me a drink in Indian yeah yeah I tried
to get you guys a drink it wasn't ready
then I was crying and like crying every
single bill yeah it was a really happy
okay go okay Jonathan yeah nice
especially driving home just bear in
mind I've eaten a lot of popcorn and
drunk a lot
Trinity about quickly no yeah Yammy
Yammy Yammy you talking about eggs I'll
be kill the night you gone get an egg an
egg so what he did is that it's called
say on okay first yeah I'll feel the egg
well my mom's egg I'll feel my mom's egg
I can actually be your father
how yeah because how much older are you
than alpha years is on yeah but they
know it every never old ten-year-old dad
go hahaha Jonathan Alfie is Jonathan
secret child so what actually said that
yes my body really weird
really uh hola you could be brothers
actually I'm obstacle over roll over
I think that the killer brother what
yeah we got a gbk I've just done an
interview on skype which was really cool
so now we have a gbk these fries are the
best thing ever
Jonathan so it's a good burger who's
like isn't that good burger I was like
oh I've been called good burger what's
good burger is that a thing in Ireland
no whole thing it's just broken
candidate I want ya remember oh my
friend I'm down yeah this whole time Oh
gbk sure what does gbk sample the goal
make it to call my burger kitchen is it
yeah oh my god yeah I don't think good
Burger King keeper she's scared she's
not sure
Oh back to Daddy
rocked here she's like she's like she's
like now I think Jonathan's more fun
easy Capra media may be a little go
crazy
I think she likes it yeah she just wanna
come around and do this every day
tomorrow gettin ready - yeah how do you
do the monkey man rigging of what she
does her nighttime routine where she
certainly not tired now
okay let's go I'm an austere today for
the rest of my life you abusing me she
cheated her trainer to the boxing winner
me and me you're watching on like it
wasn't me you say every thought I flock
he's like mommy gets angry you tell her
anything
yes shit at nursery yeah she's like um I
don't like mommy screams at me she did
not say that that sometimes daddy
sometimes sometimes mommy gets angry
when I don't eat my breakfast sometimes
mommy hits fatty oh hey baby card you
today who's her best friend what she
didn't say that
gee oh did you like your Father's Day
card very much I would say emo with an
end I'm very many yeah I didn't present
kids these days
whatever huh you just missed everything
Jonathan's just trying to drag on a rope
and and it's like putting up a fight
this is what I live with lives pony of
the jolly oh my god you you what I can
what are you chasing your monkey thing
out Jason like a monkey yeah part of
Emma that's the first fucking here
monkey man this is a November night top
if it oh let me feel it is it November
November nice and I just doing some
exercise still a little poo on the surf
it's a good exercise that's just
touching your ass there we don't you go
down yeah I don't think I could do that
trying to put it back about naked what
are you doing like so don't sit down
properly come out a little bit cuz
you're tootin bit more really yeah and
then tip it with your bum but don't sit
down properly yeah all the way down Oh
down you can do it ah yeah yeah it'll
probably be more comfortable if you why
should your exactly this re-look voice
out there just go all they down like
yeah like that I keep your back straight
no no I keep my you like made of wood
one cheese on it
hey what's going on don't you Lucy's
exercises your back straight up
yeah next right come on together don't
you want to look like my personal
trainer come on yeah back straight
now squat now now let watch me I'm
guessing I guess
yeah like that now boys you're back sir
yes right
yeah watch me right now do you you were
useless cute baby oh I can't watch
but I was putting up the mountain you're
like this yeah yeah oh that's a lot of
times and then this is other things she
does mmm I've never be able to hear well
this is you so exciting our days are now
and then you go like and touch me oh and
then you do the opposite one there's a
crack all the time right here we go
oh no but have to yeah you can't just
hold the pole yeah yeah oh you use the
trampoline oh you got the cracks oh
that's how you know we don't exercise it
yeah crikey knees it's too crooked
no it's like you're not true Lucy's were
cracking to make it big guy
now Geneva don't wanna be like tree not
believe it no one did it like three
there you do tree tree some kid you know
ah bloody healthy
