good morning everybody I thought I would
vlog today I have quite fun day I think
I mean you never really know how a day
is gonna go out to be honest um but I am
currently in town left Alfea in bed
surprise surprise I'm coming to the
hairdresser's because my hair has grown
a lot I feel like um and as it's so
thick I feel like it's quite heavy at
the bottom so we're gonna get get that
thinned out maybe get a bit of layering
in um and I'm thinking of my purpose
blonde in thinking else what am I do so
I'm taking you along with me I also need
to by wrapping paper for Darcy's present
it's Darcy's fourth birthday if you
don't know who Darcy is she is my best
friend Louise aka to bring her glitters
daughter I have known her her whole life
not Louise Darcy um and I am going to
hers tomorrow for a little party so I've
got all her prezis I just need some like
cool wrapping paper but I don't know
like you kind of have to get into the
mindset of a four-year-old and I'm not
sure what wrapping paper she would
really like like I am like I want to get
something so pretty and cute but I don't
know whether she would prefer like
frozen because she loves frozen I don't
know um I wasn't you to get her a card
and yeah that is what I'm doing and then
later on Joe and Alfie Joe and Alfie Joe
and Caspar are coming over we're gonna
film some videos so let's go we got my
umbrella didn't I so
now I have to go back and get it because
although it's spring it's really ready
many ha ha I love rain
don't really he likes rain I've grown
all I do love my umbrella look Bob it's
like a cocoon I can still see out of it
don't know if this is in focus but I
just met the cutest little boy he was so
sweet and he was polite and as he left
you and Matthews was like it's so cute I
died so it's really nice to meet you I
don't know what your name is I didn't
get it in time but
so I currently look like this and I'm
basically having an anxiety attack in
hairdressers which is really amazing
and that in this room chill out a little
bit this is one of the many drawbacks of
having anxiety and panic attacks is that
they can spring on whenever so your
start having your hair done lovely
experience very exciting and you have to
keep getting up and leaving and sitting
by the window because your interactions
just don't work people watching
it looks so good
Thanks so the genius I really like it
Alfie will you like hold it and then oh
there we go there you can see it better
in the light it's like little monkey
bits into me you need to do your like
hair shooting thing feels you can see it
all there we go all lovely jubbly
perfect
without fear knowledge just sat in the
window great okay I'm back
oh my hair's got a bit funny because the
rain got to it so it's gone like kinky
but I absolutely love it Patrick and
Phil did an amazing job
I missed the blonde in my hair so now it
is back and look who else is back back
back back again again again so sun's
back back back and his friends great
friend Casper Casper Leigh that's pretty
good guess also the human yang boys and
bill time the boys just had a gbk and I
was going to get a gbk but then me and
Alfie had to quickly leave because there
was a lot of people and Nala was
actually getting quite stressed out
about it she was like oh I don't like it
so the boys had their gbk and then they
brought me back one look at this
scrumdiddlyumptious it comes in this
cute little box I like the pattern on
the top I really like this Beth oh these
fries are life
they are the bet on this dip oh my god
Lauren you should garlic males over that
puppies oe yes my garlic matter have you
tried that
no everyone dip those in that and tell
me what you think
right ain't my own body weight any sink
not open
comple come sir it's okay slightly
lemony maybe it's got lemon in it I
don't know I think it was weird
yeah you don't like anything that anyone
else likes basically everyone loves
frozen Joe hates it everyone loves
garlic mayo Joe hates it
stop eating my garlic mayo no he loves
new man sorry
music stops first dance moves it just
this do you know you got really really
nice toefl I really hope yeah
Oh
Oh hold on Owen free money but visually
that's massive and you read that much in
one go and of course you are you so it's
actually meet Casper yeah you try it
first I'm sure it's like slightly
alright yes Nigel thing your mom so no
I'll have some mate I'll have some a
time I'm not in am NOT in mmm each moon
what if I feel like them it's like I
don't you won't with that one
go on I was gonna say saying I can say
okay off-camera only that only that hey
Bru yeah Jen Mack said hey that's what
we chew and we're watching the Rope you
well if we just filmed Casper are you a
good deal
look am wearing my pajama bottoms yeah I
really though today feel quite snug yeah
guess what guys I'm babysitting Zoey
while the boys are good
caspere's my babysitter um also I just
want to show you how cute my like little
what's my busy my phone what the hell
well it's charging weirdly is that your
charger yeah that's good that's
something like go so what I also just
want to show you how cute my fireplace
looks because I think it looks nice do
you like it Casper very cute
so we've got a eucalyptus plant which
isn't actually real my little phone
which is real these which are little
copper tea lights on a slate I think
I've got this from not on the high
street I've got a little more easily
yeah it's online it's really cool I've
got this little copper a from Oliver
bonus of my birthday and I also got a Z
which is on the other side or Zed and
then down here we've got these two
copper plant parts which I got from
gleam I've got an orchid in one and a
little succulent in the other one fresh
bunch of flowers and my little copper
Primark lights around those and then
some lanterns that I picked up from
various places I think mostly home
scents or TK Maxx
or t.j.maxx if you are in the United
States and then in the windows we've
just got these little candles burning I
think it feels very homely oh and this
is from not on the high street as well
which i think is really cool it's like
3d it's all like paper heart so one side
of the heart is stuck down and the other
one isn't I like it I like it a lot very
cool I feel like the house is feeling
more homely now it's so clean
it was clean but now it just looks messy
from all the equipment but it's just
look down there I guess also my bags Oh
everyone Hey
yes and here is the kitchen and I do
like my little copper lamp
um and the cute little fairy lights
outside and some candles burning yeah
some Fotis me and Alfie it's a lot
better actually let's spread those out I
like putting some up here as well it's
me and my dad basically giving you a
living room tour and then there's Casper
on the sofa my baby sister this cushion
is from next I really like it it's got
like shiny coppery triangles on it I'm
hanging out with two friends what the
cushions just felt like it all ties in
quite nicely yes I like it I like it a
lot there's a picture of me and Joe over
here actually a viewer printed this out
and put this in the frame for me which
is really nice of them
I thought filming is all done me and Joe
have just filmed a very funny video
actually - very funny videos did you
like them were they fun you don't you
hate pointer me yeah did they were very
fine I also filmed with Casper though so
what you can you both in your black
t-shirts are videos coming out in like a
few weeks yeah I'll just coming out a
few easy have to wait for that one but
minor Joe's is coming out Sunday um one
of the ones for my channel was pretty
disgusting to be honest and we've got
dinner now even though it's really late
I'm cooking dinner while the boys have
laptop Club look at them
off it looks like you're sponsored by
Apple
it is super late I fed the boys you want
a puppy
Vince me though well there's one right
now well I'm good at yeah yeah forgot
about that part
oh she's awake she's like what do you
want I know stop playing rugby no Nala
hates the song rug do you think I'm
tonight it's like it's like something
bursts in my throat
Donna hates the song rather be by clean
bandit for some reason we were trying to
work out which part the song it was B
fingers went but excuse me isn't first
note yeah knowing our bargain
breastplate song isn't the begun yeah
yeah blesser I think it's the violins
anyway I'm very very tired so I'm going
to go to bed now so I'm going to leave
these little buggers are we having it's
up to you there's one with an ensuite
and one without so you can toss that
sounds quite wrong gonna have a fight
you can toss a coin because we share the
same bedroom anyway you should share
better you there's two beds ready and
you want to share one we'll get lost in
the night and Worf we'd get yeah I've
got super worried under the light bulb
from the ceiling continuity see the
scaler as yourself but super soft arms
well there you go Joe go super self dog
that's why I like them let Casper's got
my pajama bottoms easy you're gonna work
oh yeah it's got my little pooch Oh
Bob's on youth make them look very
stylish to be honest thanks Paula John
these pajamas with one a big one what
no wait a big bulge the word bulge is so
gross isn't it
right volge huh nope no like a doorknob
another but nicer yondu
goodbye good night say good night good
night good night tonight
might as well subscribe just over the
motor
I'm s
