ship after sorry and now let's come to
say about this well yes doesn't she look
so much older now she looks so different
today this morning Alfie gave me a KO
don't you know you feel different you
feel leathery say Ted I'm so tired
eight o'clock you asked me to wake up at
8 o'clock so I just received this little
text message from Jonathan and Emilia oh
now that does not like the balloon this
I'm here to she's smoking at the balloon
yeah come on Oh bless her she won't go
past it
come on then come on I've got it mama
having to hold the balloon come on in
good girl
oh yeah oh my god Wow
is this a rainbow cake Alfie this looks
so good aah oh my god I'm so excited
this is so cool I want to keep it like
this forever
yeah looks so cool
thank you so I've had the most amazing
morning with my friends marble and
alfaab and and pretty and we've not cut
the cake yet but it still looks amazing
and I've been told we're going somewhere
for lunch I don't know where we're going
very excited for everyone else does and
I don't I think I'm the one driving up
there so I need to put my shoes on
tomorrow you will go where are we going
today Zoe I actually don't know that's
the whole point
oh yeah I forgot I've never been here
before but that looks like a really old
look building that's where we go in okay
no what's the story of yeah building
look at one key that building it this is
like where did you see all the creepy
cuddly Tories in the wind
Thank You toes we watched Annabella's
Ordnung that's why we're cooking with
and I've stopped crying wait Alfie we're
filming when you came in I think I
dropped my camera I was like oh my god
no idea oh absolutely no idea
look at you guys they've all been like
texting like oh yeah have a great day
you will see you soon hopefully I'm like
okay cool
what means you just left our house yeah
but then I've already been texting them
saying is the one but that's the one
person who backs in you say me which
would be fine
what market
yeah but I already thought you guys
coming this evening so I didn't my
friends like still in shock honestly I
don't know what I want my face looks
like if you have to watch everyone
else's watched it back so happy I walked
in and I work in the outside Alfie was
like you go first
smells like cry like you're never like
but you're never like like no idea
like I've been texting my managers and
if I have to take some see we had
multi-vehicle Beyonce for last night
got lunch up to already and then and
then apparently at breakfast Marcus I've
been tasting each other like oh yeah not
from tonight so I just uh that's
probably what you mean I honestly had no
idea this is so cool look at this free
do you just want to have fun
look what Casper for me
Sumeet and this which is apparently
really nice chutney in South Africa no I
haven't had anything to eat yards in a
shop what is there let alone oh it's
like a little Battenberg
how long have you been planning this huh
everyone just seemed to be free I didn't
think people be funny well the stuff
from the outside is marzipan and it's
like almond flavor isn't it ja almond
how love I don't like I don't like I
still like to watch sometimes I feel
like I just want to film my friends yeah
you've been there as well yo this is an
ice cream
I finish to zoom right into your eye Joe
you know in Jumanji when the boy turns
that's sticky what have you just worked
out what we're doing J you may have
noticed when I came in had all my
friends here but there was one very
special person missing and I have
already texted during the day because I
didn't so now when you let me I just
understood think everybody annoyed not
to laugh Oh
so I know it's your birthday bears calm
down all right you got something that
too much to take home night come on
you've had too much busy you bet you've
had way too much fizzy pop you have
decided way than expected
the middle and then my darling
we need to play hot-diggity-dog
hey guys look how cool the cake you got
all those layers
photoline looks like that didn't look
everyone's tucking into care I'm
mingling yeah I know well it's meant to
look a bit like the marble yeah what a
fun day have you had fun I'm so glad you
came I was told that Darcy's present for
me was that you what are you going to do
for my present Darcy yes you do you're
gonna sing a frozen song in your Elsa
dress aren't you look how beautiful you
look 12
I'll save you 12 whoa
that's very healthy shall we
someone else okay how was the cake
speaks volume like I think I'm gonna
wait you know after dinner I'm like you
know this move just like sacrifice my
dinner yeah the inside is what counts
the inside is what counts right deponent
of the day we are now all chilling and
we have a wagon lovers oh I've got
company in my neck there's Alfie who
just went out with Marcus to grab the
white girl murmurs we've all got it and
we're chillin watching TV and it's
perfect day the perfect day J this is a
really good day is the end of the day
it's officially not my birthday anymore
and I think the clocks have actually
gone forward so oh wow love that yeah so
it's now actually 1:00 a.m. at 7:12 oh
did you enjoy today yeah yeah it was
honestly the best but best best birthday
it was honestly the best birthday I've
ever had
don't look like a floating head in the
bottom corner no because I just had all
my favorite people there and I've never
had a surprise like that before but it
made me cry you cried twice yeah but
happy tears
I don't know how you pulled that off
come fro and with the decorations
presents it was like the best there was
literally nothing people staying over no
I am a floating head look at me I'm
sorry this is hard I don't know my arms
up long enough
yeah we've got Louise and Darcy staying
we've got J staying and we've got Tanya
Jim staying so we've even got more fun
tomorrow exactly I do have to edit two
videos farthing
I've said it one on astad a birthday
okay different our head looks inside hey
why does my head look so much bigger
than yours
well no they're bigger in real life but
mine doesn't allow much bigger in real
life is that there we go that's so much
better
oh my gosh anyway you're amazing and you
do the best birthdays ever thank you I
talk I think I'm so tired
you know I didn't really have much of
the afternoon tea because I was so
excited me everyone ordered and you were
like I can't no matter what I'm doing
yeah I just couldn't get over it I could
I'm like I'm replaying it in my head so
the best memory to have now stored away
away little that's good no noggin now
how am I going to live up to that for
your birthday
exactly I will though I will somehow oh
good the best day ever
this is the best thing ever this is
gonna be one of these vlogs I come back
to you to watch all the time think it's
gonna be one of my favorites I know it
cuz it's just got everything
what was your favorite bit mine was when
everyone went oh yeah he a little sneak
this little speak I I started you know
I'm so glad I did I started filming
before I walked in yeah I was filming
you but I I was like oh I just filmed
the restaurant cuz it'll be nice to have
a chair for us like walking into the
restaurant you're sitting down our table
so I've turned my camera on but I think
I might leave it and I have my camera
facing downwards because the guy was
like leading us somewhere and I was like
I don't want him to see me filming cuz I
don't know if we were allowed to do that
I just never wanted to end what I saw in
him did so different
now this book is gonna enter you because
I'm tired I need to take my makeup off
I'm so tired
it's late later than it should be
because the clocks are come forward now
BST British summer time I think yeah
really yeah I think yeah thank you sleep
yeah
good night let's put a hand over the
lens at the same time give this video a
thumbs up birthday my birthday as a
little birthday present I want you to
give this vlog my thumbs up I love you
very much
