shut this we're gonna sit down girl oh I
am too close or something isn't high
enough I can't work out what it is this
is a little Bowl hello everybody this is
a slightly different video on my second
channel it's not a daily vlog but it is
part of my day but it's just a big
important part of the day that I felt
deserve his own video I get asked to do
a lot of pretty cool things and up there
was one of the coolest things I did last
year was being able to release my own
product launch now earlier on in the
year I was doing one of my little
Twitter sprees and someone said give us
a clue about the exciting thing that's
coming up in the middle of the year and
I put lots of different fruit emoji as
my clue which isn't really a big clue
but I thought I couldn't give away what
I was doing and these things take time
they take a lot of back and forth some
things change really states change so
you never really want to give away too
much information too early in case
things change so much that by the time
it gets to it no one's excited and it's
not what you originally wanted it to be
so um a lot of you have actually already
worked this out and for that I'm gonna
say you're very good detectives a lot of
you are very good detectives and you
should be working in the police force
for sure um but I am releasing a new
product range um the whole range is
based around
tutti-frutti which is why I did lots of
different fruit original what she's
looking at the Velux window at seagulls
they're not gonna play with you here's a
question what how do you stop your dog
by so I wanted to do something that was
similar to the original line but had a
few new things and kept a few of the
classics but was a completely different
sense and completely different packaging
going by the original collection which
will still be being sold it's not going
anywhere
there's just a new one to add to it so
I'm going to go through the products and
share them with you and hope that my
excitement comes across and makes you
just as excited because I have been
doing this since last year so this is a
really long time coming this video is a
really long time coming and I have been
wanting to scream about it but I've not
been allowed and now all of you are
talking about it because some naughty
super drugs have already put it into
their stores which they weren't supposed
to do so this video is a lot earlier
than it should have been um but ah I am
gonna show you the product anyway where
do I start
it's all exciting we have kept the Fitz
bar the fizz bar is one of the best
sellers is one of my personal favorites
so I wanted to adapt it and use a
different scent if any of you are
wondering what the scent is it is a very
tutti fruity scent I found this scent
actually quite easy to pick I wanted
something fresh something fruity and I
am obsessed with this smell the only
difference with this one is that is four
big chunks long ways instead of six
which was slightly wider and obviously
the packaging is slightly different the
packaging for this collection is kind of
blues pinks and yellows because I felt
like that was quite summery and quite
kind of tutti fruity esque
I just I don't I'm so excited I've got
I'm off
they are white still I'm going to open
this in a bit again it's got the little
do not eat sticker because you'd be
surprised how many people pick this up
thinking it's a chocolate bar and yeah
that is the fresh fizz a bar fizzes Oh
next is foam sweet foam which is a
cleansing shower gel so in the original
collection that is soap opera which can
be used as a bowl bar or a shower gel
this is just a shower gel so the bottle
is a lot more thin I feel like it's a
little bit more travel friendly and the
actual product is like this pearlescent
pink I've still got the cap on this one
take that off I just smell so good it
smells like you could drink it on a hot
summer's day I wanted the collection to
be something that was affordable for
everybody and I feel like it does do
that although it is so hard to please
everyone and I know that but hopefully
you guys like that this is a really
affordable collection just like the
original one next is candy cream this is
the body lotion again it has a very
similar style to the original creamy
madly dreamy this however has casting
beads in it which excites me extremely
so you can put this on your skin feel
like I'm doing a first impressions video
of my own products which I have tried a
million times so you can put it on your
skin and the beads burst oh my goodness
the collection actually has extracts of
blueberry and acai berry so that is kind
of the the main skin benefits and it
dries nice and quickly which was on my
list of things that it must do this is
something that was never in the original
collection and it's something I wanted
to bring out for spring/summer big
cuz it's just one of those things I
always have in my handbag it's one of
those things that I felt the collection
could have that was a nice little
extension and it also wasn't too
expensive and I just feel like most
people would want one of these in their
handbags so it is a little lip balm
kissy Missy lip balm um
this though is super pigmented I'm going
to put a little bit of this on at the
end of the video because I've already
got some lipstick on now so I'll take it
off but when when I said I wanted to do
a lip balm it was kind of like yeah you
can have a clear one but then I was like
it's summer and sometimes it's quite
nice to have a bit of color in your lip
lip balm so I opted for that and I've
gone for a really pretty like Barbie
pink which looks so beautiful on the
lips I'm pretty much obsessed with this
it is a beautiful color when it's on the
lips and it's also feels really nice
lips it's not drying obviously it's a
lip balm and I'm very very happy with
that very happy with that and I hope you
are too oh that is what the color looks
like on my lips I am obsessed with it I
love it so much I can't even describe to
you guys it can look quite like scary in
the pot but it's very buildable and you
can make it this color or you can
literally have the tiniest a little bit
and build up but
that is kisi Missy another thing that is
in the original collection which I
wanted to bring back to this collection
is the body mist which again is one of
the most popular things that sell you
guys love a body mist especially because
I think the bottles are just so cute so
this is the new one I'm obsessed with
this packaging like I love the metallic
blue with the polka dots and I love the
lace on the back which you can see
through the front it's called let spritz
and it has the same scent as a range
it's very fruity it's very light it's
very very very pretty Sun although it's
a mist it does have a really strong
scent which was something I really
wanted because not everyone can afford a
perfume you love it with the original
collection I released two makeup bags to
begin with one was the guinea pig and
one was the eyes and then I released a
further one which was the just say yes
makeup bag and that was the kind of
square size that you could kind of put
quite a lot of makeup in for this one I
wanted something a little bit different
so I wanted a different shape kind of
something that you can keep your money
in something that you could use it's a
pencil case something that's a bit
smaller something that's more you know
when you have a handbag and you just end
up throwing lots of stuff in the bottom
of the handbag and you're like I should
probably put this into a smaller bag to
keep it kind of neat one of those so I
have got this which I love this is a
little tag actually and it has little
illustrations of makeup on it I just
love this size it's like the perfect
size I'm going to be putting a lot of
different things in there so I'm going
to be using it in my handbag I'm going
to be putting pens and pencils in it and
loose change it does say coin purse
cosmetics lash queen purse but again you
can use this for anything you could even
put your spritz and your lip balm in
there whatever you like and then the
last one which is actually my favorite
one of the things I desperately wanted
was a body scrub now I absolutely love
body scrubs I'm obsessed with them
especially in the summer when you feel
like you know you've got your legs
show a bit more bit more skin and you
want to be kind of scrubbing and then
moisturizing a little bit more than you
normally would so I was like I really
want to do a scrub and it wasn't the
easiest thing to do but um I am obsessed
with it I decided to go for sugar rather
than salt because I felt that salt was a
little bit more harsh on the skin and
sugar I don't know I just prefer sugar
scrub so I went down the sugar route um
and it is in this cute yellow packaging
let me just put the lid back on for you
is in this cute yellow packaging with
little yellow polka dots and it's called
scrubbing me softly I'm going to take
the little whore take the little layer
off see I've not opened these ones yet I
do have ones I'm already using you have
no idea how hard it is when you've had
these products in your house for months
and months and you've been using them
and trialing them like different
versions of them and then you're
vlogging like the amount of clips
Alfie's had to remove from his vlogs
because you can see the products in the
background or you can see the sketches
or you can see all the like mock-ups is
really hard to hide things in your house
when you de vlog or when your boyfriend
is a daily vlogger and he doesn't
realize that you're trying to hide them
anyway back to the sugar scrub so it is
like this inside yummy yummy um it has
tiny little beads in it just smells so
good I can't wait for you guys to be
able to actually get your hands on these
and smell one again this has a chi and
blueberry and it also has cocoa butter
in order to make your skin feel super
smooth I don't know how I'm going to put
this back on now see normally I would
just use the stuff on here and then get
rid of the top layer but trying to be
okay
at the end of the day I'm just so lucky
that I'm able to do things like this I'm
able to say I want a product like this
and be able to make it and also to look
at your feedback and be like I think
they would want something like this it's
just it's a really surreal and exciting
thing and I can't quite put it into
words but your support is obviously the
main reason I'm able to do these amazing
things and I hope that you like them I
really really hope you do they're going
to be coming into super drug stores on
the 6th of July so we still have a
little bit of time to wait
although most super drugs I'm guessing
will roll them out sooner since some
already have there's always those few
cheeky ones that are like we're going to
be the first ones to put it in naughty a
whole new collection for you to pick up
and sniff and try if you want to it's
like that creative part of me that I am
able to fulfill and I hope that this
also fulfills some of the things that
you guys want I also have another vlog
coming up today where Melia kind of goes
through some of the products which is
very sweet so keep an eye on my second
channel for that and I love you all more
than I could ever ever ever explain you
guys are the best end of the best check
out the collection on the 6th of July if
you want to I don't ever want you guys
to feel like I'm like shoving anything
down your throats it's there for you if
you want to they're amazing
I am biased because they're my products
but I wouldn't want you guys to have
them if I didn't love them myself and
yeah I love you very much and I'll see
you soon
