does anyone else's dog do this when they
want a cuddle
no that Anna and Jonathan's do not laugh
NOLA NOLA excuse me good you turn good
you turn Nala do you wanna join it go on
uh trying to go to walkies don't even a
walkies oh look
so yes yes I do Tennessee buzz should we
see buzz as well shoot Oh is he bows
yeah let's go mom let's go let's go go
go come on
good morning everybody um it is Monday
and it is rainy and dreary and so what
better to do on a rainy dreary day then
go to the garden center and I really
want to go to the gun I like quite like
garden centers and also it's a good
place to take your dog because they
allow animals and although they don't
they are demented on center restaurants
no no oh I just realized this was route
Alfie how zoomed in is this
I don't using dinner oh not on the
fingers at all oh there we go um so
we're heading our Dora
um how does that feel - great today do
you know so I asked alby's mum if she
wanted to come along and so her and Buzz
are gonna come um so it's like a little
doggy date at the garden center you
excited should we go there should we go
there look I know she's like come on
let's go to the front door hey you're so
cute Nala guys look how cute her little
coat is I know don't chew your lead
we're at the garden center and look how
cute these little puppies look now let's
got her little coat on buzz I've got his
on
Amanda saw hers on look how cute she
definitely looks like a little girl pug
today they're more excited for the
garden center than you feeling going in
it's like a little date buzz yes ah
there's a fake dog in there and I think
it's real nice who's there they don't
like it it sounds like you not that one
then
me and Alfie have had a relaxing bath
just quite relaxing day actually when I
got back for ya I came out here like a
face show and a little scrub and a
little face mask um and now we're
chilling on the bed knowledge here a
gorgeous girl and now I'm just chewing
it bad editing my ball and alfea's
editing his vlog what are you doing
it's your money son now what that is not
that is not your thumb now yeah it's
what the heaven Allah and I know there
you what is my head surround there we go
look at them no not yes I girl put me in
it as well okay boss ha ha ha ha please
let me do that please no look at that
look at nobody like that of your
forehead you're so mean
what are you cooking for dinner tonight
so I made dinner last night there's some
chicken all his limbs now is warm no I
saw it
I've attached my thumb now you are you
seriously using that thumbnail slogan is
loaded guys I am so far interpreter to
liars now yeah I know because that's all
you ever do everything I'm doing I have
it on in the background I have to catch
up before they reveal it my thumb now
look at my thumb down oh wow look at it
hello everyone today myself and Alfie
have taken ourselves away from Brighton
hello hello yeah ha gonna say where we
are we're a spa resort just for one
night would be nice and got lots of
treatments booked in and meals are like
a little like pre birthday treat from
Alfie yeah very excited
society we haven't actually seen the
main house yet but the grounds are
really nice so I'm excited very excited
we've got my little suitcase for
overnight you say let's go let's go we
can discuss a massage and then we've got
we just got into the room and there's
like this little middle section and then
you walk in and this is the living room
there's Alfie I didn't realize this came
with like a living area yeah nice be
worried if for one night I feel like
this is bigger than he was last i love
these blinds these are like my two
favorite kind of blind
I love how that's something I've picked
up on all the black oh my god oh wait we
can open this that's cool
what was individual bar no in the same
but really they do just drinks look in
the minibar steady on we got water and
fizzy water
Alfie also pointed out that there's a
police station did you bring any games
oh wait then maybe they've got games
well there's the controllers oh wait the
following games are available on the
PlayStation 3 for entertainment Matthew
to Star Wars Far Cry 2 body count FIFA
two WWE Smackdown winter sports tiger
with Smackdown war we oh I'm gonna be
doing tonight no and in here is the
bathroom this is insanely gorgeous here
our robes here's the shower how amazing
is this and then the bath which is huge
there's actually a balcony out there um
and this massive ginormous mirror we've
got his and her sink
always vital got Mildred here just
watching us while we wash our face and
then through here is the bedroom so
you've got a little table and chairs
that thing and a little safer at the end
of the bed I think sofas at the end of
the bed look really pretty pretty nice
the bed and then look at the view out of
the window so nice
so nice I love it just want to stay here
forever I'm really excited about the
treatments we are having reflexology and
hot stone massage today and then I think
before we go back tomorrow
did you just squeak go in here and he's
got we're doing at 2:30 we have got
footprints in the sand
at 5:00 p.m. we have got rocks of the
Mediterranean tomorrow at 10:00 a.m.
we've got full body massage for 85
minutes no and we've got afternoon tea
scene and we got dinner booked in
tonight as a restaurant yeah well a
little tree
Oh
I can swim they have to put that next to
me all times by the way I'm using my
phone camera because my camera
just run our factories so that's good
but baby fussing
it is the next day now and we have just
been for an 85 minute full-body massage
which was the most amazing thing I've
ever had it was just so nice and the
woman was so lovely he gave me a massage
and so I am feeling very relaxed we're
going home today but before we go we're
going to check out and then we're going
to go back down to the spa I think
that'll be fun won't it I would usually
have a little swim yes um so yeah go do
that and then head back home to little
Nala who I have really missed also I
apologize my parents right now I have
like the biggest spot and I had like a
bit of a head massage they're like my
hair is all like greasy so I'm
definitely gonna need to have like a
good old hair wash when I get back but
yeah I've really enjoyed it here I
really really like it my favorite one
was the one today 85-minute yeah poor
buddy because I just loved my head being
massaged that my hair looks well like
there um I also really like having my
arms massaged
yeah um hands is weird my hands felt so
dry holding hands with somebody else and
things I didn't feel like like is your
say Ethan just holding hands with me
find you
we are currently outside in a hot tub
outside I'm soaking it okay we are
outside and hot about that it's really
really nicely building behind so if
you're gonna be that oh yeah this is so
nice
shut up it bubbles on let's do it press
the big old button I'm scared how big
they're gonna be oh hey again you got
wet there was two women in here before
and they were like oh
then you can set off we quite like to
travel and I can focus
I did miss out yeah wish we had one of
these in our garden
actually probably somebody with a slight
double walking I want to try and come
back like once every month so get off
your lap baby not today but just like a
gamer oh yeah the woman was like you're
so crunchy you'll be doing yeah my
bashing my back she was like you're
crunchy on the top of your back I think
where we cut chamber computers a lot
issues like you compromise do the
massage every week so like really
relieve it but I thought is just one of
those things that you just think how I
treat myself every now and then you
don't really think about it especially
sitting in chairs
yeah or not even chess I was like
sometimes I'm just on my bed or on a
sofa she's like yeah that's even worse
so
debating what's key for lunch and I want
this to be my garden basically but I
hope you've enjoyed coming along with us
too
this car hotel and I wish we were all
here together in the hot tub I don't
know if we would fit probably not okay
bye-bye
my love Megan darling cold no it's
closed right though
I mean oh is it cold comic down on Nick
Bok Boro
my dad wonder what lies no one in here I
like that one that one's really hot
should we go yeah
hello look at the little faces
oh let's go inside we're home little
face with home when we left it all nice
and tidy so I'm like super happy just
sat and had lunch at elfies mum's house
and now we're all back and knowledge
cages back out and all her toys and I am
now going to edit and upload this video
so that you guys can watch it I think
I'm going to just kind of cut together
the last like three days into one vlog
cuz it was quite bitty as I remember
Alfie's now editing his vlog too so you
can go on over and check that out later
as well and yeah I hope you enjoyed it I
am now going to go away and hope that
this spot disappears give the vlog a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and if you
are enjoying the fact that I am vlogging
again I hope you are I am really
enjoying it it makes me really happy to
vlog and also I love watching it back
because it's kind of like documenting my
life I guess so I hope you enjoying it
think another wants to run around in the
garden so I will go and let her outside
and I'll say good bye
