good morning everyone good morning
everybody and welcome to vlogmas day 15
ten days to Christmas
I'm so glad we Christmas shopping today
yeah we really really need to Christmas
I'm just woken up I've edited my video
and breakfast has just arrived
look how delicious it's got yogurt fruit
that's Alfie scrambled eggs and salmon
toast butter like posh butter grilled
tomatoes boiled eggs oh they don't mean
to some little soldiers cute some
smoothies some little berry shots she
said and like the most delicious
pastries you have like what is that
looks like legit food
yeah and then we've got all all the jams
okay I'm very excited for this look at
the crown I know that's definitely one
way to display your fruit in the morning
isn't it can you imagine I come
downstairs a morning and you're like
preparing this like beautiful it's
really dark my god she does stuff like
that the order fruit salad and sometimes
it's really disappointing cuz you just
get like two different fruits yeah
that's like every time yeah mango in
there
banana banana apple pineapple yeah it
looks really good
I don't know what to eat first I think
maybe the eggs and the soldiers and then
I'll go for the cold I'm actually crying
oh I just called Alfia pics I was like
you know like a little pixie pixie oh
god oh that made me laugh we're still
here oh what's going on with that but I
am ready to leave I think I'm just gonna
have to leave my hair like this today
oh no proper ruined my makeup
Alfie's just been editing and I think
now we are about ready to leave very
pale today yeah I don't know which shops
we're gonna head to first I feel like
wherever we go it's gonna be really none
and I'm in two minds about whether to
take my coat or not because is it gonna
be one of those things where every shop
we go into is so warm and when you spend
most of your time in the shop rather
than out of the shop and then you just
end up carrying your coat do you know
what I mean
so I'm weighing up those decisions very
important decisions for a Friday
afternoon either way I know we need to
get out of this hotel room like ASAP
because the amount of time we have to
actually do some shopping before going
to Tania gyms is getting smaller and
smaller oh look how cool it looks don't
even joke that is so high I can't even
like see how far down that goes
what a beautiful name
oh no I can see you in the mirror of it
it's so cool you look a little bit Frank
do i hello Helen look how beautiful this
hotel is honestly it's like so crazy hey
yeah we're finally in a taxi going where
we need to be going to do some Christmas
shopping we're actually heading to
Selfridges first and we've made a list
of who need to buy for so there's no
like guessing or ending up buying things
for people we don't need to buy for I
tend to always do that I over by
specifically for poppy I whenever I saw
so many models support me yeah so
there's actually not too many people we
need to get presents for which is good
like I'm happy about that because that
means that the likelihood that this is a
successful shopping trip just all one
more person I need to buy for Hey
company secret
we've got very beautiful building what
what is that
I was eating cake off the floor
why oh is that art yes Wow very
interesting art isn't it
well that flower shop looks lovely wild
things Judy here we are look how cool it
literally get all of those Oh decorators
thank you
welcome
oh if you make
on the accordion that's what you want
with nothing to do with me I think it's
not too sure how that just happened he
was he was try on the biggest engagement
rings for my thumb not near that guy and
then he was over to Mike he watched our
video so he was like Jonah try someone I
was like alright then then you just
grabbing them all putting them all on
you guys we're not this one is 31,000
pounds I'm like also I would like I
would want Alfie to pick a ring without
me there that's not how the ring
choosing is gonna go down but it was
interesting to learn about diamonds and
things very interesting how we ended up
looking at men's watches okay
still shopping and it's happened I've
had to take off my coat
it's too high in fridges we did get some
prison to be fair but now I think we're
on the hunt for one more present and
then I think done actually haven't we
done quite well I've lost em to Google
Maps they were going on this way yeah
okay I'm gonna follow you because I have
absolutely no sense of direction even
when I followed Google Maps there's a
whack on my mouth where I'm actually not
too hungry our breakfast has like filled
me up to the max where are we this is
not Oxford Street we've come out of the
back of Selfridges shoot straight I
don't know tell me where we are oh this
is too extreme
oh so we do we need to go the other way
the frowned Alfia perfect Christmas
present below the belt grooming for men
fresh and dry balls all-day comfort no
sweat I don't really get that I get not
as it I personally go get fresh and out
in some way boys wouldn't be dry if
you're sweating does he do can if you go
to the gym do they not swap I've never
noticed my balls being particularly
sweaty but no it's not fresh just stop
no one has no one has gone dry balls
with one say that was Borja time Oh God
and in a vlog
it's quite a funny Christmas gift this
one though we can get a fish or should
we get it for poppy we do still need a
present for coffee I've just remembered
to go into town you and James in a bit
I'm really excited about what what was I
meant to get at Selfridges an outfit for
tonight I've legit got nothing this is
the only place I've got you let's mark
I've got literally painting on my white
hoodie appositional that's what we're
gonna have to go back to Selfridges I
can always go back and you need to hotel
when you're getting ready no telephone
so I'm not going to take that long to
get ready well I just don't know what
like that's wise men to do what are you
up to buy an outfit Oh
Christmassy Oxford Street look at
Liberty looks so pretty in Christmas Lee
okay another present has been bought and
who are now heading to crumbs and
doilies because I really want to see if
they've got any like Christmasy cupcakes
is it down there no I don't think it's
done that one I think it's further down
yeah I'd quite like to buy something for
us to take back home tonight but also I
would love to buy something to take to
Tania and Jim's this evening because I
think they would be enjoyed by a lot of
people and I may use it oh yeah oh is
that the place that we that had like a
three-hour queue outside it yeah look
how lovely and festive these lights look
I do think there's something really
magical about colored lights but I love
the golden ones I think they're very
nice and classy but yeah I know I love
them my god this is so cute in here
why have we never been in here okay
where is that we found it but why would
we do this every time we always can't
find it so funny
okay let's hope they've got some more
left they might not have any left here
it is
Taiwan capes have been bought look how
pretty Carnaby Street look
have lost him
got ya I love all the birds like the
parrot magical just want to start with
vlog we're now back in the hotel room
and we're about to eat dinner I've gone
for the same because this pasta was
absolutely delicious and Alfie's also
gone for the same because my pastor was
absolutely delicious
it's the Bolognese and mine's just the
like tomato e1 and then we've also got
much but because Alfie ate most of mine
yesterday he's ordered one for himself
today good
it's right the is it good Oh Dom L don't
al dente like the part is insane God and
without watch episode for the septic I
mean how SIA actually watching it
together
this never happens I always like go
ahead or outfit goes ahead because I go
for one meeting and Zoe come back and
Zoe's right for ya that is normally what
that is normally what happens out we are
on Episode four it's so great would
highly recommend is getting really juicy
so we're gonna eat this now watch this
thing get ready to go to Tania and Jim
and it's slightly hard we are all ready
to leave to go to Tania and Jim's we are
off we have cakes and I'm excited to see
everyone poppy and Shawn are going
Mark's going there's lots of lovely
people going I'm so I'm really excited
to see everyone did struggle to shut my
suitcase but it's all good whenever I
leave a hotel room I'm like one of those
people that has to check every plug
socket a million times check the
bathroom check we've not left anything
know I've ever left anything in a hotel
room before
apart from once when I went to VidCon I
left my camera battery charger in the
wall and that really isn't annoying
thing to leave in a hotel because how do
you buy a camera battery charge without
buying a whole new camera there probably
is a way but at the time I couldn't get
another one
Tong's spread any star marks arrived
he's going for cheese does not mount i
undress ain't come back for that that's
probably the one I bet you it just
doesn't matter this because it's a fun
car nothing no no it doesn't mouth many
because it may be because a fan-made it
may be but good
three one nice awaked we are multi poppy
you never really know me - our Zilla
like buttah be hanging out with me
tomorrow
no it's lovely really refreshing got a
nice little worm frog Lily on there it
does look a bit like by although just
now in a wild in a file
I'm so close to get great time last
night
yeah
behind that felt like a very long
journey home there was a diversion and I
was very tired so Alfie did the last
little bit but now we're back and I'm
really wrapped up and a really really
nice time at Tanja and James as always
it was really nice to see everybody
there and to catch up and everyone was
in great spirits and yeah it was just
really really nice so I think now me and
Alfie you're gonna eat a cupcake and
probably go to sleep my camera is not
really focusing it's probably for the
best because I don't look the best oh
they didn't quite stay upright but I
think they're okay so we've got a mince
pie an apple and cinnamon and orange and
cranberry and Nutella a salted pretzel
or the was it cookies and cream Oreo
which ones record oh oh you don't have
to share if you don't want we could
always have two and then half each so
that we can try the other person's I
think the cookies and cream one is
looking dapper this is the contenders
guys mince pie I think apple and
cinnamon orange and cranberry Nutella
and in the pretzel sea salt caramel
pretzel I think mmm I think this one do
you want one eat Georgia wanna share may
have got impatient waiting for Alfie so
I had a bite of that one bite of that
one and a bye
that one hmm they were all delicious I
am going to go to sleep now but thank
you so much for watching he gives the
video a thumbs up as always and I will
be seeing you again tomorrow same time
same play love ya good bye
