morning hello Missy hello who we have
had a breakfast buy get Kylie delivered
by Alfie's parents they came to pick up
buzz and I had a sausage burger with
brown sauce delicious and now Louis and
Alfie adjust in his office chili and I
think new he's leaving thinks he's going
to Dubai tomorrow but I just wanted to
vlog this this is called bloomin wild
and I signed up for it's kind of like a
flower subscription service which i
think is genius because not everyone can
like get to a florist but it's quite
nice to have flowers in the house I
don't know like visa from bloom and wild
for example so I had this delivery I
think last week or the week before and
this is the next one oh this looks nice
you never know what is going to arrive
and it comes kind of flat like this so
it can go through your post box look how
skinny so it comes through your post box
and then you get it and you basically
just put it into a bars and easy flowers
and there we go that's them all done
they look so pretty and I can tell you
now they smell amazing and just in case
you're wondering they've not sent them
to me themselves you haven't contacted
me they've not asked me to mention these
in my blog I just really really like the
service because I love flowers a lot and
I particularly like the wild kind of
flowers so that is why I really like
those flowers don't Louie hey hey hey I
like your flowers like smell them they
smell great
Oh smells like flower shops you know
yeah smells so good
I want to sniff it now oh redoes I don't
know what these are but they're amazing
pretty oh and there's me and Louise I
love that photo we took this in snoopers
paradise because there's a photo booth
in there you guys probably know because
I take photos with everyone in there and
every time someone come
to say I'm like let's go to the photo
booth and see this paradise did you know
though they actually keep digital copies
of every single person's photo that goes
in and has a photo so if you go into
that photo booth and you decide you get
parts of your body out not that I have
ever done that but I've just heard from
someone that works there that has
happened a few times um they can all see
it so my mind
Louise off now finally we enjoy by not
jealous at all I like this way of
sitting Alfie because you look like a
hairy frog I really like your jumper
today Alfie every day I'm finding
something you're wearing that you really
like I just want comfy clothes just like
pajama bottoms and no I actually do
really like it
good Nala this is Christmassy though we
need to get a sofa throw that isn't
Christmassy we've got that twelve
thousand sofa throws know their dog
blankets they're not the same because
you've walked bones on them Alfie Oh
watch my face just woke up no no she
wants me yeah that's right Nala you come
to me it's you know I'm the best she
loves this chicken do you love the
chicken do you love me and you love the
chicken
oh you want the chicken you make it good
make it
come here cut Oh fine there you go I'll
put him there for you she kissed him me
kissing him Nala it's not as boyfriend
is that your boyfriend now that's got a
boyfriend guys I would think it was
about time we introduced you to him well
mate got very very important thing to
everything - should we call this chicken
Marc well I just look so good in this
picture are you ready to see it because
my face definitely wasn't on the fold of
the magazine
hang on he's not focusing you look like
you've melted why do they do it like
you've melted and half your faces slips
off right in the middle all right
Jonathan Amelia and Eduardo are
currently on their way over and I have
like 45 minutes to spare so I was like I
think I might make some cookies now I'm
not going to take credit for these I
think Ana has used this recipe Viviana
does makeup and also Tanja uses this
recipe as well so I've basically taken
it from those two um so you will need
let me grab the stuff basically these
are the cookies that everyone loved any
time I've ever baked these people are
just like how did you make these um so I
just thought I'll make some and they
might like them and you guys might like
to make them as well first thing you
want to do is pre-heat your oven to 200
degrees Celsius okay so you will need
200 grams of baking butter I like to use
this because I don't know it just makes
the cookies taste nice and that has to
be at room temperature so I've not left
this out for very long but hopefully
that will be fine
you can always put it in the microwave
for a teeny tiny bit one large egg I
only have medium eggs I don't know how
much of a difference that makes we'll
soon find out I like to use white
chocolate and dairy milk chocolate and
it says that just need to use a large
bar but pretty much you can just kind of
hurt as much or as little chocolate in
as you want cocoa powder you need 75
grams of that you need 300 grams of
caster sugar and you also need 275 grams
of self-raising flour and then I have a
bowl here for mixing and a phone that
has run out of charge so I'll leave that
there
you want to also get your baking trays
ready at this point
I always think because it's not it's
kind of nice to get the boring stuff out
the way and then it's all
done okay grease proof paper on two
trays Jack first thing you're going to
want to do get your bowl let's move this
out the way get your Bowl don't need a
pound coin and you want to put the
butter and the sugar into the bowl and
mix basically I you can use an electric
mixer I actually quite like to use a
wooden spoon to be honest good old
classic wooden spoon 200 grams of butter
into a bowl
we now need 300 grams of caster sugar
that is a lot of castor sugar
all 302 that's going to really annoy me
so I'm going to take two grams out in
Gozo sugar plus this is where you good
for your guns
okay wanted to look a little bit like
this so it's all smooth and creamy okay
now it is time to crack in the egg into
the bowl
we're totally honest I'm not sure I can
do this with one hand the skills are not
there the skills are not there for one
hand okay I've just I've made a hole in
the egg this isn't good
okay cameras going down I really have
eggy hands now
how cute is this tea towel it has little
holes on it okay once you've
successfully or unsuccessfully crapped
in your egg you just want to mix it our
together
generally holding the bowl that would be
good oh did I just get that in my hair
no any jump next part is to throw in all
the other dry ingredients so the 275
grams of self-raising flour and the 75
grams or cocoa powder I'm going to do it
a little bit at a time just so it's not
as difficult to stir in
we wheeze in the garden okay next I am
pushing in the 75 grams of cocoa powder
look how delicious that is mm-hmm and I
am just gonna mix this until my arm
aches so much I want to chop it off and
never eat cookies ever again if you just
jam it
damn this is the fun part now where we
can add in all the chocolate and mix up
together to create little balls that we
then put onto the baking sheet to bake
so let's break up some chocolate I've
gone for milky bar because I love white
chocolate Milky Bar to be precise and
I've gone for Dairy Milk because that is
the best form of chocolate and I know
that you might all be a bit divided in
the comments here either I always say
this you're either a galaxy lover or a
Cadbury's lover and never met anyone
who's a Hershey's lover though so if
you're one of those let me know look at
all the chocolaty goodness mmm
okay now you just want to mix this in
you could use the spoon or you could
stick your hands in and get a little bit
messy and I will get back to you when
I'm putting the balls on the tray fools
on the tray the balls of dough on the
tray
okay so I have rolled the cookies into
kind of balls and I did put four on here
originally but I was scared they would
really spread out so I've got another
baking sheet so I've got ten overall and
I'm gonna put those in for ten minutes
make cookies deny big old cookie boys
yeah you excited no good that a massive
is there more than four yeah look okay
it's gonna say because I think there's a
few million four of us recommit yeah
they're big I make them even yeah when I
made them with Jamie literally he did
them like this big I did them
golf-ball-sized and he was laughing his
head off at me like they're way too big
I really like their like a booth no look
at it is so good when they're so big
obviously you can make them smaller than
this if you really want to but I think
because the chocolate and it is so
chunky you kind of want them to be big
either way you're gonna take one bite
into it it's just gonna be one piece of
chocolate yeah
I got two in there at the moment two
trays and then we'll pop the last one in
when it's done look who's here hi Amelia
I just hope she doesn't jump up at
Eduardo sorry
I hope Jonathan doesn't jump up Alfie
yeah she's good though she hasn't jumped
up but Amelia or Eduardo but she did
jump up at Jonathan so maybe she just
knows not a jump coming back I'll be was
like yeah you know about the kids yeah
what do I do with you what am I talking
like how excited she gets oh okay okay
can you guys smell cookies I can smell
the cookies they're like this need each
one no no no they're not they're not
quite done yet
in 20 seconds they'll be done we didn't
time it just right yeah come on mr.
cookies are done oh my god the plate is
so heavy I can't even lift it
tada once you take these out the oven by
the way guys you want to leave them for
like 20 to 30 minutes do you want one
yeah go on then
be careful it might break hey thanks
it's like the size of my face the
cookies so good she oh okay thank you
would you like your own one Anna oh are
you sure yeah yeah yeah I just make them
few guys you want a little play are you
guys enjoying those cookies a meteor is
that nice Eduardo you're looking on the
way Eduardo is that nice is that nice
yeah
water was she doing it water
was she doing la are you gonna stand up
look exams you'd never be able to tell
he's how to cookie
where's that - where's dad - oh she
eating her food oh hello
so I think the cookies went down really
well Anna said it was the best cookie
she's ever had honestly is the best
Chucky and I'm not really into chocolate
but it was amazing it's the white
chocolate that's all oh yeah sure
yeah no but it tasted like cheese Moriah
Angie thank you so are you Danny I want
to see just mean the texture yeah I want
to send Anna off in the bake-off because
oh yeah you'd be good in the bake-off
are you joking no you we should have a
door like usually oh my god Ralphie
trying to bake are you good
no why is anybody you be good
did you don't see that pudding at
Christmas unfair that was fun we all
have to make a beach wife oh yeah funny
gonna look - hey oh she's - faster
maybe suit you Elfie unit wardo like
much like your outfit Hey
he's lost a shoe I know you took it out
Amelia what are you singing
yeah so that chocolate with no shoes on
yeah what you watching guys are you
watching a bug's life Oh
holla Oh Alfie you so excited - which
bugs like I'm so hide you realize yeah
this is actually a really good film you
exciting to me here have you seen this
before it's a little bug do you know how
he is he's mad
what tomorrow what what your love is
like hiding porno porn Isla NOLA we're
now having takeout zzs so I got pasta
and pizza because I didn't know which
one I wanted so I just got by with you
guys well yeah survive my copy Alfie and
I got the pastor chicken but a fiery
chili all right I put massive chillies
in and look at the size of this chili oh
wow that's normally in there right well
and I'm like oh no and I got the pro
linguini yeah it was really good it was
a good winter I ate my Chili's unlike
them very good eater and it's like
ballsy she's like ice hey yo love me
immediate 74 thousand kids sorry that
that night you said you wanted some Oh
Eduardo is that nice yeah it were
eduardo scared not ever her bed yeah no
no it's a sleep in the bed Eduardo went
over and was like he was just like
face-to-face what's that bird what are
you doing who that fan
you want to go again ready 3 2 1 go
again 100 one free egg no fuckin heaven
he kept stopping why we don't feel a
minute I'm gonna show you this is what
happens interface it's like she turns
her face mask Georgia's know how long
that's what you get for putting your pee
while you do it
you're still eat it God choke on it why
not
ha I got this my lap we're no thank you
you have that wait you guys what an
awesome that you wanna some yeah keep it
wider so do you want to wear those jeans
they're off now we're off to sea this is
going to Johnny I found his leprechaun
annoying what he calls in Division one
punch King watches
oh he's ready to go home who's ready me
good bye guys bye Mia me bye-bye
what are you doing let what help me give
you what was that for
from Elfi why did he give you that why
did he give you a present
Oh pink Club yeah yeah he's in the body
right now get ready what you want
I'm just ending my vlog because I've
been doing that you know ending them
myself
have you not noticed that what your one
loss vlog you did yesterday
I'm the day before any empty vlogs now
yes I'm I just tell everybody why you
started vlogging again because I really
miss it but because of you if anything I
kind of stopped because of you because I
was like people are just gonna be
watching the same thing on both our
channels no you did not stop because of
me because that was one of the reasons
no it was it the what happened is that I
said you need to talk daily vlogging
again it'll get you up doing more every
day being more like upbeat fun and happy
and everything like that and enjoying
everything more and you're like yeah
yeah yeah
and then you tried it and then that day
you're like let's go to the gym which is
like the least like you thing in the
world and then then you said to me today
logging my day makes me more motivated
then you said to me today things I
really wanna know this is your Rogen
again how much happier bin and stuff so
thanks to me and if I do worry boyfriend
points I do worry that it's kind of I
like think cuz a lot of couples who
dated look how much bigger my head looks
can I hold out my hands I hate hugs me a
lot couples who day vlog vlog together
on one channel like how many couples you
do that live challenge I don't know how
many couples you know that live together
that daily look separately when you
Jamie none tiny Jim occasional even none
because also by ideally I don't know I'm
taking over at your channel ideally it'd
be awesome to have one channel and then
has so many - two cameras and then just
in to cut both all day that would be
awesome but it's like the commitment of
a joint channel like also guys and
marriage I never yeah for sure but then
I worry that people are like why would
we watch both of your logs when you're
doing the same thing living in the same
house you're living the same day you
know I mean but I feel like we both have
different we both a different
personality also we both have I want to
show up a bit or what we both have
different points of view of the day I
suppose we vlog quite differently I
wanna know in the comments why you love
blogs so much because I personally love
them because it's like that is that is
as like close as you're gonna get all
all being the fact that we can edit this
to look however we want it to and all
the guys remember I always remember
audience
you ready gets in like 15-20 minutes of
a day that's 24 hours 24 hours some
people can be very different on camera
than what they are in real life people
could have a really really hard time
going through a really tough patch of
their life making horrible things but
you would never know because they're
just trying to vlog positive bits and
like I don't know it's like it's like
one of those things I eat you never know
what's behind closed doors about
somebody
lately but what I'm saying was so I
would be really interested to know what
you love about vlogs because I do think
this is as much of
of us the writ like this is like so it's
so like intimate like even the fact that
we're like filming us in bed at night I
don't have a bra on let me just check
you or you actually can see my nipple
great the whole time well there we go
cool um but yeah i-i'll of vlogs I love
watching blog I like what you're
blogging edge I don't really I feel like
I am there with them I can appreciate
that it's ten 15 minutes of someone's
day and things can get massively blown
out of proportion tiny teeny tiny things
because that's all they've got to kind
of work on and I really enjoy watching
people live it's like I was always
obsessed with the Sims I feel like vlogs
are literally life-sized version is well
it is completely kill let no but they
can control that life somebody if I need
my coffee like out for your new haircut
like rubbish please don't cut it like
that again I'll probably think maybe I
got that again maybe doesn't suit me
they can't kind of control it like if I
was like oh not on Twitter I'm gonna add
an au pair of jeans together I get these
black ones or these blue ones and people
decide like it is kind of like The Sims
and I'm like do you not think like guys
everyone we want to come and meet you
and playlists come to playlist we fly to
playlist end your vlog anyway we just
went on a 15 minute run Boyle fee I'm
definitely gonna have to cut that down I
don't even know how much but I'm gonna
put grazie
basically all I wanted to say was I hope
you enjoyed today I had a lot of fun did
you have a lot of fun and I will see you
again tomorrow and thumbs up for me
actually finishing my vlogs for lunch
three days and it's late no it's not
really is it oh no it's no so hot time
like often you're in bed at half ten and
I got my laptop with me though huh
nothing good night night guys
