oh we just cropped off the entirety of
my head for like a weird finally unfold
give me a paw on my head and this
morning I have been emptying my clock
from the edge today so that is all ready
to go and for doing emails feeding all
the animals which makes me sound like a
zookeeper but you know there are three
of them or if you want to include Alby
it's kind of hairy fairy and and now I
have decided that I would quite like a
far so I don't often house Barb's in the
morning I'm much more of a bar in the
evening type person but I really fancy
one
so anyone I do have a lot of lush
products to choose from and hmm so yeah
not sure which bottle I'm going to go
for the reason I have so many by the way
is a I buy them myself because I just
love them and be because before
Christmas when I did my book signing so
many of you turned up with lush stuff
for me because you knew how much I loved
it so and also Dasha sent me some things
recently so it's kind of all piled up
very very piled so I have a lot to use
which is exciting I also have my I mean
I'm running out of this bars to so need
to get some more of those
don't know what you not sure I need to
like all the outcomes of bath cocktail
and now I want to wash my hair with this
which is all babe this stuff is amazing
very pricy but amazing I do love this I
think this is from Asda or Tesco or
maybe SuperDrive I can't remember and
LMS I'm going to use this scrub it's the
frangipani monoi I think that's how's it
frangipani monoi salt glow it's amazing
even alfie is obsessed with this and
then I think for my skin I'm going to go
to some Sicily again very pricey
I've net I've not tried this one before
I got sent there so I'm going to give
this a try this is the buffing cream and
it is amazing I've used it for about
four years and I just really like every
now and then to just buff away any dead
skin on my face it sounds delightful
or maybe I should use this origins a
kind of refreshing face mask hmm I don't
know maybe I will try that one that
sounds a lot more like morning face mask
doesn't it so that is currently nothing
I should probably turn the extractor
funnels is getting very hot in here
maybe open a window as well
and I think what I am in my bar I'm
gonna watch a little bit of pretty to
liars
I'm currently halfway through season 4
so no spoilers really enjoying it it's
getting really gripping right now it's
like the mid-season kind of extravaganza
right now and then I think Louie is
coming today so I'm really excited to
see him because as he's kind of like
always gallivanting off around the world
I don't really get to hang out with him
as much as I would like so I'm really
looking forward to seeing him and I
think that's it really today seeing
Louie getting my work stuff done I've
done my videos so that sounds good and
some are little balls oh how we just
reminded me we've got a meeting and I
literally write not that's rough it's a
Skype meeting but still I was about to
get in the bath laughs it was like oh my
God thank god your eyes above yeah we
wall
oh it's downstairs that's not right
there it's on silent oh okay meeting
first damn it I should probably just
throw on a top end look kind of hot
Ethan what are you eating breakfast
cereal I'm ready
this will step out of your teeth good
you're all stuck on my teeth
hmm nice I like this jumper I'm really
loving your fashion choices at the
moment you yesterday video is like I
really like this t-shirt look some pop
top what flavor these look so real oh
man down man to that woman down woman
down
oh be the balls Oh need in the booth
meeting is done so I have resumed the
bar I put some of this in which is the
kind of snow fairy star just swirled it
around just have some bubbles but I'm
thinking I'm like took that bomb in as
well
maybe the butter bear he is a cute one
omelet he's got a little bit blit on his
nose huh cute um do I want that or maybe
the snowman melt oh no pretty sure he's
seen better days - I want the whole
something that's nice for my skin
I think the snowman melt actually I'm
gonna pop him in goodbye mr. snowman
oh that's spending my I I Marlins I've
done my hair and my makeup and I am just
typing away to louise on facebook chat
she is currently in Orlando Disney
having an amazing time no doubt and
we're just filling each other in and
she's about to go off and have her last
day at Disney so that is what I'm
currently doing I also heard a little
guest downstairs I'm about to go down
and I will show you adieu look who's
here
buzz hi buddy we are looking after buzz
for the night and oh we have to separate
them because they as they're brother and
sister they like to compete we thought
it was playing we were told it wasn't
playing was competing so we keep them
separated and every now and then we put
them together and they kind of roll
around with each other but alright I'm
giving you attention as well Nala honey
they can still chat to each other though
so it's absolutely fine
look who else is here I'm in the country
Howard oh it's nice to have you here
knowing look at you already made
yourself at home Chairman Allah oh and
she's not even as bit as she used to be
this morning this was like oh she was
trying she used to be so small you guys
really blend in with the sofa today with
your gray top Sun oh yeah just a little
bit I'll feel it really long um you guys
had lunch no that's nothing can we go
for lunch yeah we are now heading one
more row right hand line like this we
are now heading to Jaime's for lunch and
my favorite uncle Philip Janie but
actually because the food is pretty good
and we're not gonna strain you with
Connor and Troy house be strong in it
yeah but yeah I'm starving
so hungry here we go Brin JD and here
look away
I feel me you saw us outside like 10
seconds ago
no we're looking again I don't always
get me James
should we get away should we get that
okay there we go have you had yeah
before
yeah have you yeah when I went to
everything so yeah yeah the sharing like
is so good get it if you get mad
these are very blast and they are so
good Alfie's ordered to half job to
whenever you come because he drinks so
much I've got one as well what did you
go following I got a ginger Mohito
is it nice because I've been wanting to
order one of those for a while yeah if
you love ginger yes of me I just
realized you've got two mirrors behind
you so I can see like I like lit up as
well yeah this would be such a cool
Instagram photo just to let you know
that listen what buddy what all engines
we've got one each no oh my god you're
Ian
good is it spicy or not really hello
do you remember that Tabasco sauce you
ate at my flower the spoonful of it and
you let you can breathe yeah that's
crazy
you are sharing platform I look so we've
got Italian nachos and breaded
cauliflower pork scratchings what's this
I forgotten kale kale slaw what's our
favorite things only my favorite I like
the peppers the ham a ham the mozzarella
and I love these which is why I've
ordered extra which is the Italian nacho
that's so good so right now Menken
arrived the boys weren't for pulled lamb
is it good really strong really sauce on
lentils with what looks like that
spinach no what is ours just leaves with
leaves I've gone for a small Pomodoro's
pasta with mascarpone tomatoes and two
parmesan
putting is arising look at Louise is it
amazing how is that staying like a
sculpture my night it's just balanced
well you had the brown box of rocks
that's my balance oh my god oh and then
alfea's is the pavlova wow that looks
amazing thank you look at it all around
the outside via the more honest we all
get dressed she's really currently with
my god Louie only living with me that
would mean he didn't order it Theresa he
just wouldn't do that
how lovely is our waitress she prances
me
this is a defendant and she's the best
waitress our best year Jamie which is
why we've arrived here I have no idea we
were on our way home and Alfa decided
we're not going to Toys R Us why not be
making it in the metal shop so that is
what we're doing
welcome friends or I bet that's gonna
look really arty on your blog Louise as
artiest Toys R Us camping oh oh oh gosh
everyone serene welcome friends
Oh roof it's going to be alright
they found the moving but toys Oh oh my
goodness oh no do my feet do you not
move them in and out
yeah like push them in and out is that
not how it works
there we go oh my god vulture that's
funny
I want to quite I quite want to go on
this frozen bike from honest I don't
remember the last time I rode on
stabilizers off he goes
Asians
No you're all you're getting back on it
okay now I'm pets at home and look we
have a green yellow bird you know how
much you love my granule I don't really
know I'm looking for everyone list just
help me a little bit round I just love
that so much so cute oh rosewood one
reference Oh Ralphie doesn't know so
we're getting these toys the Fox vanilla
and the pheasant for buzz
ready good girl bring it back good girl
thank you okay buzz should we throw
yours come on then give me foxy give me
 feet ready boy and this is what's
happening while I am trying to play with
buzz neither no look she's got evil eyes
when you see the whites of her eyes
that's when she's on a mission
oh no you're actually written we are
watching
Red Nose Day or comic relief on the TV
me and Louie and Nala and Alfie is
editing his vlog in the next room with
birth I've got my Red Nose Day t-shirt
on which was designed by Matthew
Williamson and I did have a red nose but
I don't know where that's gone I took a
picture at nyle I don't choose a corner
of the pillow please thank you no no
good girl
you would think butter would have melt
in this mouth or you saw your teeth oh
all right
she's like get off me get off me I'm all
wrapped up on the sofa because it got
chilly so I'll see when it got me some
blankets but I'm going to end my vlog
here I'm the cameraman yeah hope you
enjoy today and give a little thumbs up
if you did
finished and finito fini boom
