good morning everybody I am starting
this vlog back in Wiltshire I've come on
a little walk with Nala and daddy sugg
in his little walking shoes
he put on some really posh boots and I
was like are you really gonna go on a
walk with those on he was like no um so
yeah this is the first time Nyla's
walked around here
I think she's enjoying it she'd never
smelt horse poo before and where I used
to live there's a lot of horses is
actually a riding school very close by
so there's always horses and every time
we go past a horse poo in the road she
has to stop and sniff it but it's very
beautiful it's a lovely day I dragged my
dad out for a walk tonight you did I
said I'm going for a walk with Nala
you're coming music now I was like nope
come on let's go
so today I am driving back home and then
Jo is coming oh what have you found and
then he's going to stay the night so I
am most excited look how beautiful this
place is
it's so nice and quiet Nala come on
I love this stuff I don't know what I
think it's cow is it cow parsley I
didn't I just had a right old pallava
didn't we dad we walked past this garden
and then this car and van went past and
thing anything of it and we heard
someone beeping and we turned around and
a man in a van and then a woman in a car
behind had to slam on their brakes
because a dog had run out of someone's
garden into the road and he got out of
his van and he was like where's this dog
come from and then the dog ran over to
Nala and wasn't impressed with her shall
we say so I had to like lift her up his
dog was like but like I was snarling it
was like trying to attack her or
something and the man was like with the
dog come from then we had to try and
find out where the dog had come from we
think it just escaped from someone's
garden but make sure of your dogs in
your guard
and so it's enclosed because that was
very close he almost hit the dog and he
was really shaken up
so hopefully that dog will not stay in
the garden well there's another dog in a
garden there we go
that's a good example of a dog staying
in a garden come on then
she's loving this walk Oh if any of you
wondering this is a lead that helps her
to train to walk with us she gets very
excited on walks and the lead has to be
loose which is now because we've already
been on a quiet walk but when she first
comes out she gets very excited so you
use the front one to give a little tug
not hard tug just a little kind of like
stay with me and it's working really
well
she's walking really nicely now and it's
still a comfortable harness but it just
means that she is learning to walk with
us instead of walking us sometimes she
gets very excited and she walks on two
legs which isn't helpful so the front
bit helps her to stay on four legs
basically did you enjoy that walk did
you enjoy it part from the dog that
tried to jump on you she's thirsty now
she just drank a whole bowl of water
draw some more good girl Hey oh you're
so cute
Hey hi boys I'm back
oh what a long drive that one and you
are very good Nala she was so cute um
I'm just going through my post because
me and I'll feel so bad emptying our
post box we get so much junk that we
just don't look in it
we've even got one of those little signs
that says no junk please
I'm pretty sure that actually makes
people put more junk in there and I was
just going through my post and I don't
really talk about charities that I
personally work with I talk a lot about
charities online that I want to support
and I want you guys to help support but
I also do a lot in my personal life that
um I just don't share because I just
kind of feel like I don't need to you
know that I'm right focus it's probably
best I'm not because I'm having it kind
of bad skin day um but I do a lot of
other things with charities that I like
to work with closely kind of just on a
more of a like an anonymous level and I
just thought I would mention this one
because it is something that I feel like
is very very rewarding I feel like a lot
of obviously anything that anyone could
do charity is always a rewarding feeling
but um I have sponsored children in
various countries which technically
means you pay a fee each month you can
choose what that is which kind of just
helps children in third world countries
children who are struggling to live
their life until they don't need you
anymore
and so I have some sponsored children
and I got this in the post today and it
honestly just melted my heart one of the
little girls I've sponsored drew me this
and sent me this and I just thought that
was the cutest thing I'm I wish my
fridge was magnetic because I would put
it on the fridge but um yeah basically I
just opened
in my post and it made me feel so like
emotional I was like well this is so
cute and then I thought you know I'm
just gonna mention this in a vlog I
don't normally but um yeah I just I just
thought it was really really durable
amongst all that oval junk mail there
was something that was so lovely I'm
also kind of hungry why do I want to eat
don't know then I also got hiccups so
Joe's here now oh hey we've just learned
a really big you know I really enjoyed
it was so cool we're now going through
and going into everyone's broadcast
who's hashtag back to Joe so this is the
photo ID Joe I love you oh thank you
is he still in here tell her I'm I'm
looking her right hey courage he
deserved it thank you
she's in Syria he's still in there
we're vlogging you right now no we're
not hey we're not say hi oh thank you
watching saw I'm walking you haha I
didn't wonder shut up who is not I am
look I'll send you a love heart thing
ready boom had one of these the one have
that upon a tab he's vlogging how did
they know you are vlogging cuz they're
funny from everywheres he's not watching
your show oh hey nice Joe is watching
God it says that Joe is watching this
action oh
is not the real name it's full oh my god
watching oh my god oh my god alright
brilliant is watching my broadcast oh my
god oh my god you didn't know even if
they're gonna be like to draw is well as
easily wave of love oh my god I'm
actually gonna side oh my god jaw is
watching my broadcast oh my god oh my
god Chidori is watching at my broadcast
such area my vlog wave watching Bible
I'm in my book I'm in his cot perfect
weight it's perfect no rose oh my god oh
my god I'm good I'm gonna cry I'm going
to cry out
pochenko odds-on crying my god oh my god
Georgia Georgia I'm a Georgia man that's
Jose watching yeah you've seen it bear
it
there it is like the late phase it just
kind of the eyes widen shadow hey Ashley
I'm sure I've met before
okay why oh my god there you go you
should have phoned I was like uh can I
get these yeah I am what shared okay I
just I like your videos you are an
inspiration to so many people though it
is crazy I see ice life is crazy sure
none of the world you're making me blush
is just like watching I have a deed yep
hello love you're mine
no let's not go get him not the face
it's not a beautiful face this is the
worst forget on forever
she's excited if we if you late still
she wouldn't do it you should look at
your nipples so now that Joe is finally
up all right mate I decided to make us a
smoothie for breakfast so we've got a
raspberries strawberries and blueberries
a little bit of apple juice what's in
that push it down and twist
blueberry does bleep rush-rush bien
oh my goodness
nice keep drinking it all at once why
you like to drink Misaki so years I make
when we dream of so you can't be dance
movies not in a strip with a straw no
just raw PDF button listen do you
actually like it cuz the facial making
doesn't imply that you actually love get
it so I'll sleep just my stuff
nice a bit sour but then it's fruit in
its natural it's all natural it's
natural when you vlog do you look at the
person like this or do you look through
the camera like I remember Joe Joey dr.
Schnurr no minute marriage stuff how
much is our you feel me actually talking
talking like Kevin and from having a
power
O'Hara I think that's great Oh young
lovely lighter color water like a drink
louder louder DJ booth walk it walk it
ok good hello opera but doesn't wanna
see second I think boss picked up after
Abajo Jordan repair I I wash it
literally two days ago with Josh all I
wanna do is do pick up pick up pick up
pick up pick up pick up pick up because
pop this book ah so great literally
every day it's almost every these right
because they don't knew how much I love
minute minute made is such a nice lemon
ardor why don't they have it here I
don't know it's my favorite I know it's
so great is the thing I realize this it
took a while to realize but in America
lemonade means still lemonade whereas in
our country Vice quite more like soda
lemonade hit lemon soda fizzy yeah we
don't really have lemon squashes just
squeeze it into the bowl come on we
listen flavored water how much I always
think do one more drop than it says cuz
I like it strong squeeze didn't say how
many why is it how do you always don't
it squeeze to enhance a water he's put
whole thing in maybe it's for a whole
thing oh great definitely stir it at
your green stirrers yeah that is really
powerful I have four please
one two three
you sure you want for quite a lot ya
know that d this 'run oh boy I'd rather
it was stronger than like yeah you got
go all out I feel like it doesn't smell
like Minute Maid though oh wait yes it
does oh these need to be stirred many
few studies easy stirred yeah
stir it then try it hey my name you try
I think we need more in that getting up
just leave it more than a right oh it's
a powerful art boy now you identify can
you do that right yeah okay
cheers Cheers you start might as well
yeah Oh last night that's the one how
much worse five yeah oh my foot up
probably full of poison there oh my god
that tastes so good oh no rotating a
stone look who we're on skype with oh
you disability smell be no okay where'd
you get that dressing-gown from from the
hotel oh my god by so cool oh this guy
tango boy so he's a friend Russian gold
is on skype with my life nila are you
sure you're like a Santa's pornstar
little bit bad without dressing guy huh
yeah I make believe in my government 14
minutes army had a shower
Oh in true Alfie deyes style I'd be more
of a morning person if I got to wake up
next
yeah in Bhutan I'm in Busan shout Bhutan
every time me Joe watching an old
walkthrough for a really old game we
used to play called pink Panther's
passport to peril and I'm talking about
never amazing the media I've had a very
productive day doing a lot of work thing
some way I said we've had a really
productive day doing lots of work things
I'm blind I'm melting
what's that filmless sunburnt my corneas
I can no longer see I'm not kidding
somebody please having killed me oh yeah
I love that film right Joe come on come
on show them what you've been doing so
this is what me and Joe do as a break
from work ready okay Nana
it's like she's fighting you for me
whatever happen if I attacked you can
you guess it doesn't care okay it's just
like some grass you're gonna be sick you
bloody idiot
no she's playing Scootie bum liquor they
take down bulldog what's he doing
my grass is bad Donita grass don't eat
grass stop it leave the grass alone
leave it alone no it's not nice I kind
of sometimes wish I was Australian not
gonna lie oh god what are you doing oh
yeah she's fast isn't she good run the
other way run the other way
run the other way Joe really wants to
get in the hot tub so we're heating it
up it's on what's it on now 34 not long
to go no it's the hot she knows one
button pick her up
come here she needs a drink did the
pizza husband had it's now one of ten
and I've ever eaten today but before it
would be great time to get in the
jacuzzi going then what is draw fighting
yeah
finally capsule-like translate okay I'm
getting in them so long
that joke I didn't even know
et you look really scary easy um guys I
actually successfully managed to scare
Joe in the hot tub and all the while
before I did it I was thinking how can I
turn the camera on and actually capture
this moment for the internet to see but
there was no way I was really I've never
seen Joe shoveling so we were in the hot
tub because it's nighttime and we
couldn't like see entrances so every now
and then we'd go oh oh it just feels
weird like someone could be watching us
I don't know son I just went oh oh my
god Julie like turned around like oh my
god is this ready
uh I wonder when she's living it Oh
oh good like attacking me yeah she's
like I'll have that towel I'm trying
she's biting it boy hey Joe's actually
tired and wants to go to bed
is this a bit weird that you're going to
bed so early what time do you normally
go to bed by two three oh it's not good
don't about partying that's why it's so
good for Joe to be staying with me
because that make sure I only like you
know I happen detail I am Isis Alice a
very bad problem I haven't drank for a
week what out clubbing for a week and
I've just been like detoxing drink lots
of water eat Pete so we should point out
good things but it was nice pizza wasn't
it yeah as nice as pizza guess healthy
pizza yeah I feel bad enough for that
one myself good like I'm ready to you
know take on the world
my shop twice as many videos don't quote
me on that don't play I'm gonna put it
in anyway good night so long farewell
Alfie to say goodbye oh look she wants
out she wants to play now well done
alright bye guys
