hi everybody so I've done that thing
where I've logged over a couple of days
but I've not really given any context to
any of the following clips you are about
to watch so I thought I'd do a little
intro it's basically me going back home
and myself and my brother went to visit
our old school which is the caution
school in Wiltshire so hello everyone if
you're watching this if you're from the
caution school awesome school me and Joe
were actually talking about the fact
that we absolutely loved going there
there's a lot of people sadly who hate
school and don't enjoy it and I don't
know whether it's because we're older
now and we can look back and be like oh
my god it was amazing but maybe at the
time we had days where we were like oh
god when will school be over but we
enjoyed it as far as we remember we
enjoyed it so we were kind of
reminiscing about that and we just went
back and we got to see all our old
teachers and we got to look around all
the old classrooms that we went in and
we got to say hello to a lot of the
students that ever look at you knowledge
can't get on the bed so she's like hello
lift me up and that was so much fun like
it was just so weird to be back like
everything was still like the same it's
been six years since I have set foot on
the premises of the school and all the
teachers were the same and the
classrooms look the same and it was just
it was really really fun and it was
awesome to get to do that with my
brother so that's the first kind of
little bits of Clips you'll see and then
my dad came back with me here so my
dad's staying at the moment because
Alfie has gone on tour he's gone on 12
his second book so right now he is in
Canada I think he's in Toronto and he's
gone for ten days ten whole days I think
that's the longest he's ever been away
from me and Nala so it's just just me a
new girl for ten days she's looking at
me like I'm watching catfish right now
what so you could probably hear that in
the background oh hey no doesn't like
catfish oh yeah so that's it that's I've
just explained everything that you're
about to watch so maybe it might make a
bit more sense for you now I also wanted
to use this vlog as an opportunity to
share with you my track stock price I a
page
I have mentioned this on Twitter a
couple of times and I also mentioned
this in Alfie's blog actually and I'll
say wait I haven't even talked about it
in my own vlog because I've been so busy
I've been like writing I'm I'm up to
chapter 20 now with my book my second
book um but yes I'm working with Trek
Stockbridge the charity that supports
young adults through cancer but also
after cancer so it's it's an awesome
treasure to do amazing work with a lot
of young people and I wanted to make you
guys aware of it so I have a pricey Oh
page I will leave the link below if all
of you could just donate anything you
can it would make a huge difference well
I think we're almost hot at the halfway
mark I really want to raise $50,000
which is a lot of money and that would
make so much of a difference to them I
just know it so if you can give anything
whether that's a dollar I think it's all
done in dollars but it can be converted
obviously you don't have to be American
to donate if you can give anything then
it honestly will make me and them so
happy there's also things that you can
win like little kind of prizes along way
hence why it's on prize II oh and also
anyone who enters automatically gets
kind of entered into a raffle to be able
to win the chance to come over to
Brighton and spend the day with me which
I think will be super fun so I'm very
excited for that but yeah just if you
can't donate then that's okay just as
long as you're sharing it with someone
and then they might be able to donate so
basically the more people that talk
about it the more difference we can make
and the more money we can raise for Trek
stock so get involved donate what you
can make it your nice thing for the day
you know how in order to feel good about
yourself people say you should always do
one nice thing for someone every single
day make this the nice thing that you do
today basically and yeah enjoy the blog
but start my battery's flashing today I
have back home and I'm with Joe hello
what we're doing today James we are off
to you are all executive school and keep
keeping on the lights
oh we're after our second D school cuz
we want to because I want to because we
want to yeah basically we thought it'd
be really nice to get back up don't
worry - all our teachers and it's
basically as joe joe said in his blog
the place where we were very creative
and I enjoyed school and you enjoyed
school didn't you Joe no I loved it best
times best days why nowhere anyone asked
me like oh did you hate school I'm like
no I actually did it don't like it every
day everyone Twitter feeds we say oh I
hate school I hate school I'm like yo I
love school attention I'm gonna have to
use my phone to film today because my
battery just went out like um right I
know um we seven minutes mate oh oh and
Joe just did the worst parking of ever
seen coverage of your car before it's
tiny how can you get it wrong okay we're
going in now I'm really nice Oh No thank
God Blaze's coming out look how cool we
are
and you can roll the sleeves up I wish
that actually what did we have we had I
remember whenever you hear when they put
in the blue polo shirts yes
navy blue yeah it was a good ten - ten
eleven yeah she's large number her yes
yes get into the jack ah oh yeah looks
like we're back in school okay this is
an old photo of me and my English
teacher my friends but English reams
no no she Turner oh no no I'm just
filming it hey how is it to be back then
yeah it's really good it feels weird I
even when we heard the bell rang I was
like yeah I'm kind of all - hey mr. nips
yeah that's it beautiful as well
good to know my sincere okay guys we'll
got to mass wrong - max yeah famous
subject is it yeah this elective
it was for there as well did you know I
love maths in that one
I like maths in there up there is Joe's
picture I'm just walking around I used
to sit under that tree at lunch times on
sunny days that one right there this is
pretty much where I spent a lot of my a
levels in T block photography art you
can tell this is the arty building I'll
tell you where I stood here number 12 I
stood here number 1 did you know 12 as
well
oh that smell what stone cutting fruit
being up in during a lesson I'll stuck
in that day I remember loving that smell
like the developer yeah this is the
hillford oh yeah I even recognized
really fast you still don't know I
actually don't think I do
I think I've forgotten I remember tough
this kind of stuff so this good gosh -
be yourself
no I think it says that before no that's
my year is that yes this is from my year
this is always work hairs from the year
I was at school I was doing my arms it's
so cool so cool so some of my work is
still helping the world this is the
picture of Zoe but someone stopped me
not a fan of you this was an example of
color popping I like Photoshop you'll
know I mean you know I'm talking about
you know what I mean you know I mean
remember coming here a lot yeah did you
yeah been nice new component I member
spending more time in here oh can the
big screens we go oh yeah they're nice
I'm at work zoo pretty good this day
it's so le to login yes
Oh 3j yeah you won't be you texturing
yeah yeah you you're right oh I'm I said
more time in here after school ended
your lesson you gave me this is the
reason Dre bought a table for him and
Cassidy as well just because
me and Joe can move people are getting
squished so we're hiding now behind your
closed portion schoolers are there out
for the next round eating
ah
we're all done and so how many was that
700 apparently it's in the school's
normally or when it's four is not even
four weighs like 1,000 yeah that was
really good
crazy thanks Tony thanks Amy yeah
all done that was really fun really
really funny got a bit crazy at one
point I did think we're never gonna get
through all these people but we only run
into lessons by like five minutes yeah
today everybody he was waiting got a
picture I think everyone we could see he
was waiting coughing Janice reminds you
so much of try that him off six four oh
my god yeah that was so weird to be back
in our school like I just feel like
nothing changed did you feel like no
every teacher exactly it's every
teachers the same like the clothes Oh
are my talking about still up yeah
that's hilarious picture of me and the
photography like computer room and it
was winter because like you'd walk into
like a lesson that you used to have and
even I'm gonna used to sit there and I
just didn't think things like that I
would remember but it was really good on
my cup my sunglasses on
we've got issues
Jay's still getting used to driving my
car oh you're getting and we got the
roof down cuz it was a nice caution yeah
caution good old caution issues there he
is
um oh there were so many sweet people as
well I those three little girls all had
a little top knot hair with that half-up
half-down
they were all crying there was so cute I
might Instagram a picture with them
actually you're leaving now aren't you
yeah go Matt to Londinium that was a
fleeting visit it was very quick
that's good oh he's doing that mister
you should make an annual thing well
just go back to school every year yeah I
think we should all would be more of a
challenge we have to sit down in a
lesson and actually learn try to learn
the day and see we - how could we are I
honestly think I wouldn't have a clue
about any of it anymore
that'd be soon you sucked me down in
year 10 mass wouldn't know Pythagoras
theorem not pious uh yeah no you eat it
look what my dad's still going his
freezer my favourite that Joe doesn't
wanna know ah my own garden
yeah there's a little seat that's Tyler
sat in with Tania did the law hit
challenge one of my favorite videos the
Wendy house is gone I know it's great
you're very good size of that frog
we're just here on that rock Wow just
tuck in there you're such a liar
look you're talking down there see ya
Newt Scott you down there yeah but
where's the Frog you're a lion look on
you go for it yes I'm guys no frog he is
just torturing that rock I'm not going
near the pond again no look at it in my
room you first ever knew you guys first
and is very sad oh so sorry
thank you people jump very thought you
never know John Fenoglio
you know Neil I've got my Ross reason
one off no I should have probably tied
my hair up Levana
that's why I happen that's what you are
no thanks it's my bread it's not like
bread right is my local firm the
Georgian great Obama this is where Harry
Potter was filmed it was actually
okay okay
ah this is lovely boys just driving
around being I don't ever go in the back
of my car I should gone I don't ever go
in the back I don't think I've ever been
driven in the back of my car
hey no because why would I yeah and
Alfie can't drive so it's just me
driving in the front Rosalie no I think
lastly Syria no once again I'm gonna
remind everybody watching this video to
go over to Alfie on Twitter and tell him
to hurry up and pass his driving test
I'm psyched
come on Alfie hashtag God's sake I
should I should I coming off me for
God's sake so sort it out
only by says I've been a rush to go get
my train my sister you're just gonna put
a camera in my face hey this might live
our lives now don't you lift that Oh Oh
down I'll let you sort out on the back
sorry drive behind I'm not driving daddy
thunders drive it there is
and shoulder and I am tired I said to my
dad I don't remember the last time I had
someone else driving me anywhere because
obviously out he doesn't drive quite
nice I can see things I can look at
things Tommy
you told me yeah yeah only me yeah
nice
as my impression of Philippine things
you
