I'm home we've just driven all the way
home and now I am off oh and now I'm off
to see my friend Emma and have my other
friends and her baby I don't know how
much I'm gonna film of it I'm in a mad
rush because you've just arrived home I
need to set off now but basically I am
so excited her baby's like a few weeks
old so it's fresh it's a fresh baby that
always sounds so disgusting but you know
I mean anyway yeah I'm off um and I will
see you in a bit
thank you mama community he did a smile
and mini Christmas are you back to
Brazil - are you can escape make up no
chance I thought having a puppy was cute
with me oh my god it's exes trying to
snooze oh my god I want him to do like a
little smile Oh No
how are you doing little pal where's the
milk
oh I can't do this this is a god - Oh
deal oh do I
cuteness I feel like I just should kill
me Jenni smiles helped like I'm sucking
and nothing happening big you
absolutely gorgeous
hello same weekend there's so many
people here I am now back in my old room
look how weird this is is Alfie on the
bed hey um I've got a little more on my
lap did you miss me while I was gone
got a more hairy baby on me now um I
didn't feel much at my friend Emma's
because it was just so nice to catch up
with people I didn't really get my
camera out
I got a few little shots of Billy he is
the cutest little baby and I still just
find it so weird how she's the first in
like my friendship group from school
who's had a baby and you were all sat
there like we all have to do this one we
all have we have babies too like all sit
round and like um but yeah it's just
really nice to see my friends most of
which I've known since I was 11 years
old so a long time ago for you know Mac
actually how long ago was that 23 years
23 years ago okay
13 years your than what the agreement
yeah I was like 20 years you guys like
guys oh he's actually 34 my she 34 yeah
so 13 years I've known those girls and
Alex I've obviously no longer and so it
was really really nice and now I am
wrapping up presents to take to my Nana
and granddad's and we're gonna take Nala
and I'm very excited to meet you so wake
up I'm also gonna take her just to me
Alex cuz I like says live far from here
she's kind of on the way and when I saw
her Emma's she was like oh what a week
no I was like okay bring her by your
house on the way to my granddad so
that's what we're gonna do she's got two
doggies has she
yeah they can be friends of her yeah
they're gonna be bestest friends like me
Matt look at all these eyes they look
very scary in the couch
yes when my mom came in because we have
very similar languages
she was Nala when we're thinking it was
me is it real this room name it's a
pretty limited edition bin oh my god
what's your turn
BSC
I've seen Matilda yes
I like that is so cute thank you
yeah rolled over 20 whales in less than
16 you don't do that no caption oh well
he's gonna fight fighter pilot that show
is over there yeah yeah uh Joe see my
bike is gone and what does it say Joe do
any BFG boys and it's a dream catcher he
said grasping hand the ball in one hand
every morning i is going out and
stitching new dreams
put your money oh yeah oh yeah
Nona's having a little cuddle with mom
dad look at her she's out what are you
wearing a word okay we are back from my
Nana granddad's house it was really nice
and my auntie and uncle was out with my
cousin's too which was really really
lovely and you were so good and
well-behaved Nala look she's just like
playing by my feet right now
oh she's got her mr. Fox okay let's not
play with it then that was a silly idea
um I have my Beyonce jumper on Kate by
the pound
um and I'm going to end this vlog here
I'm sorry that this wasn't a really long
vlog it's just that most of the day was
spent driving seeing friends and seeing
family and there's only so
much of that you can really film without
it kind of being a massive infringement
of enjoying your time Nullah has
definitely farted dog farts I was not
quite prepared for um so I'm going to
end the vlog here because I'm so tired I
know the minute I put my head down on my
bed I'm gonna fall asleep so I hope you
enjoyed the video from what I did film
Alfie's now asleep um
and I will see tomorrow if this vlog
ever gets uploaded because the internet
here is shockingly packed I love you
guys goodbye say goodbye goodbye say
goodbye Alfie
