hello it's Friday the 19th and today I
have been doing this wrapping turns and
tons of presents and now look who's here
alright why are you gone because I don't
know where my camera's though that to me
all the time um and we're playing with
Nala on the floor right now
I pass the penis a penis right I'm gonna
show you what they keep calling a penis
this is what they're calling the penis
right let go it's an erotic go lash
dinosaur thing all right come on show
them the penis it's not it's a little
Willy yeah I'm going to ruin her
innocent brain give me that give me a
give me a she loves it though come on oh
not goodness you ready got eyes try that
anyone else how there she is loving it
and it has ears now saying it looks like
a penis from this way I guess there it
kind of does
Nalla plain vanilla and German lying
down and we're going to see how long it
takes for her to realize cuz she goes
mental when someone's lying down she's
chewing on Allah's tail right now she's
a lovely anymore she does yeah well she
hasn't spotted that you know we sure
treats in Joe's hair oh yeah I see
five-part shit-scared
no I can see don't put your head down
that's good we got time she's still
playing with the toy good know what
you're doing Oh tight you lie down very
long Oh
yeah you look scared of us have a little
bit now you're tiny
no no he's it a penis leave it leave it
leave it is her leave it leave
never bite you so you like it don't ever
fight don't know get the toy get the toy
career get the toy and then play with
the toy crap that Nala but Nana and that
Yassir
she just wants to play with some space
yeah oh god ah she just loves you
she just wants a common use doesn't care
about the toys why do you look at Nala
she got up and started walking to find
out where we'd gone and then gave up
George realized she was too tired no
she's like oh yeah little one come girl
we'll be gone your left let me get off
BD is so cute
oh it's a Christmas Eve IDEO so who
could I be filming this wind it's my
annual video filming session with Jo
where we film a Christmasy video in
front of the Christmas tree which
actually although it looks very green in
this camera is starting to look a bit
Brown and I know we put it up quite
early and I only has to last like
another week or so but still it does
look a bit run I have been watering it
so not too sure what's happened there
I've also got American Horror Story on
in the background
spoilers yeah that was Joe burping oh my
goodness Ruthie well there you are
put your Christmas jumper on this no for
Joey's video we're using something
called a tent is it tends machine what's
it called tents machines yes tens yeah
that's what I said a TENS machine um
let's go to use this if in one esthe joe
said it doesn't hurt but I've seen his
video with Jim and it looked painful so
I don't really quite believe him they're
just putting our to bed as well and
Alfie's gone for a bath I think so means
you're gonna film too
now I'm going to do our Christmas Eve
video for my channel then another
Christmas Eve video for Joe's channel
including that terrifying machine and
then probably go to bed because tomorrow
morning really early we're all setting
off for Wiltshire which is where my dad
lives and where I used to live my Joe
used to live and we're going to do like
a pre Christmas Christmas with all our
family as I'll be spending Christmas day
in Brighton that should be really
exciting I'm looking forward to it a lot
so we're getting up on getting I'm very
early and that is why I've been wrapping
presents
all day because I've been trying to do
alfea's family my friends and like
Louise's because we're doing stockings
for each other again this year which we
will be filming a lot of you have been
asking me that question yes we will be
filming that and so I've been doing
Louise's Matt's Darcy's all my family
all Alfie's family everyone's Christmas
presents so it's been a busy day of
wrapping and I do like wrapping but
there does get a point where you're
wrapping and you're like okay stop now
you just stop
you're more festive happen that you
wanna wear a hat dear oh all right yeah
just wear that one that's quite festive
right we're gonna film no Christmas hot
let go well good give me the widow's
love you can do the way to slough you
stop Jim Carrey ask your turn okay good
yours is so weird soaked some windows no
we just don't take life too seriously
and I my night 26:50 it really yeah you
know what guys I think no listen mine
are things my carrying on the fake
laughing was 30 seconds go now being
serious okay guys way what message do
you like and why this video talk what my
harness what work because you keep
spitting on every one time were hot I
reckon so he's dripping okay
I don't know but Joe kept getting way my
message for the end of the I know Chris
the christmas is coming the end of the
year is nigh I just want to say that
this year has been quite like a hectic
year it's been quite serious whereas I
think that 2015
whenever you get a problem in your life
and st. not going the right way don't
get upset about it don't let it get to
you just laugh about it because the end
of the day if you do that for the whole
year you'll look back on 2015 and think
crikey
what a great year Joe Tommy not alone
Riley Joe Joe tells me not too long
after me love everything I did
I've had such a better year and then
maybe I'll get the Nobel Peace Prize or
something like a Nobel Prize or
something
for lulz there's original theory it's
not like anyone's ever thought about
before there I think 2015 is a bit good
yeah
yeah I feel like I'm serious me I feel
like everyone should just chill out in
2015 man chill out I never use chill I
think you should still go hard just
don't take life too seriously take go
hard but just don't think about the
consequences tell a laugh
hello old have a long and if you can do
it in the bait the best work in the book
give it in the bay didn't do it in the
bag do it in the best fake laugh you can
hahaha something knows it puns asleep
anyway we finished filming our videos
and it's about half past two in the
morning so we need to go to bed and it's
my turn to finish my blog officer I
think to get at least into that a half
an hour to an hour yeah
it's cuz I've got Nefertari look at this
video quickly thank you one first I want
to show you audience Oh what it is out
the completion
issues in Philly
Oh Philadelphia
the digital how's your face I go and
cast them aside yeah anyways when oh god
how busy I can end my vlog okay guys
it's like half two or something no cost
two three probably now maybe even three
what's the time of two off to so much
get some sleep
productive evening film free oh yeah
you take my bow out take the rest of my
makeup off but I just I quickly in the
video yeah um I might have to edit this
now or tomorrow morning because the
internet my dad is not good
in fact terribly slow and there'll be
three of us trying to upload videos on
both our channels so there you go on
Sunday all zeroes I mean John yeah six
videos on Sunday and there's no internet
so bear with us we're going to try our
best we'll go hunting for Internet if we
have to yeah um but I am gonna go to bed
now because we're gonna be leaving like
super early tomorrow I say super early I
just mean right early 9:00 we have to be
in the car at 9:00 like on the road
because I've got arrangements with my
friends tomorrow I'm going to see my
friends baby if any of you saw my
previous vlog we went to her baby shower
when she hadn't had the baby yet how she
has had the baby so we're going to go
and see her and do we're doing Secret
Santa between us also I've got my
present for my secret person and then
we're going to win a grand
that's with my mom to have like a pre
Christmas Christmas it's going to be
really really good I'm really excited
everybody meeting Nala for the first
time too so that'll be good I will cede
my I just think of my Alfie good bye
guys
