good morning everybody I kind of logged
the process of getting face ready and
hair ID today so I will insert a clip
now of all of the stages sped up really
fast so I look like a Sims character
I somehow lost I was doing my hair and
makeup you probably won't be able to
actually tell but I somehow got on to
gender reveals and then I got on to like
announcing were pregnant and then I got
on to like finding out I'm pregnant like
all these different like videos you know
how it has like autoplay so it just
carries on going and I ended up like
watching all these people who I've never
met
telling their families and their friends
that they're pregnant and then doing
gender reveals and all the creative ways
that they found out the gender of their
baby I'm like probably like smiling away
like just so cute I just love everything
that's on YouTube it was YouTube's 10
year anniversary yesterday I think and I
just think that's crazy like YouTube has
been a thing for ten years and I've been
making videos since 2009 so a good six
years of it and which is so cool um so
yeah I just think YouTube's amazing you
can find honestly anything and
everything on YouTube and that just goes
to show you can get sucked into a black
hole and then you can take a really long
time to try get out of it whether that's
kind of like talking dogs or cats that
fall down holes or women another thing
they're pregnant to the world I just
think is it's amazing it's so cool and
I'm so glad I'm on it
now look who's come back it alfie deyes
or is it what the hell he got he decided
to get all his hair chopped off oh it's
just like it takes so long I'm trying to
cut my sound me basically check my hair
how I wanted it I would have had to
leave it for another probably eight
months and I was already wearing a
beanie every day for the last like three
months so I'm just I don't want to be
wearing a beanie for another eight
months every day because my head just
doesn't look good so I just got it it's
pretty nice whoa
when he came in the door I was like oh
I'm good I'm not used to seeing that
right it's like changed shape
go ahead no no so I said I said I had a
big head before and then I had a lot of
hair on it but I think once we're used
to it
once I wash it and everything like that
and then it will be will be sick he also
picked up some lunch birds you went to
flower pot for your sandwich what's in
it chicken grungees nice and he also
grab me a bagel man my favorite bagel
man is sausage with brown sauce on a
sesame seed burn mmm-hmm
I'm Joanna coming around today so we're
just gonna have some lunch pot around
but I think that popping over which will
be really nice and fun fun times ahead
I'm gonna eat my sandwich I now have one
very clean smelling pooch and one very
wet leg was that you did you do a big
doggy spray did ya
yeah but you're nice and soft and smell
delicious now though she's like we're
going down to death you having a little
tea party with Eduardo you voix having a
tea party stroking Nala you mate can I
have a cup of tea please thank you yeah
she's making me a cup of tea oh wow
what's that a crocodile is this banana
is that delicious is that delicious
Eduardo and I had a hair in her eye so
she's been like trying to get out for
like the last 20 minutes your child
which one's your child my child baby
child is it wardo a baby child that's
her toy oh that's your toy oh no I think
it's knowledge I think it's not as chew
toy okay thank you thank you very much
that's my cup of tea
we're having a tea party
you know brush your teeth with that Anna
yeah this is my child
it won't smell of anything I think it's
just like vegetable chew for a dog does
she yeah that's your baby
it's nappy change
yeah actually does have a nappy on oh I
think I saw yeah unless it's disappeared
from the last time Darcy took it apart
it used to have Anna please
oh is that nice Eduardo you brushing
your teeth oh the nappies actually is it
in there oh well I see he's he's ready
to change enough being just picking it
off is that nice Eduardo you're brushing
your
he's probably like me oh it's to brush
your hair and to eat at the same time
we'll look at that an edible hairbrush
that's for the dog Eduardo doggies eat
that who's that yo who's that
Oh laughs we got give him one of these
from his book publisher and hang on is
not the same if you do it to yourself
Amelia Stern hang on help me get it
round up no no that hold that one oh
wait that do it to me Eduardo yeah
yummy yummy yummy
my fourth use plastic or paper what this
books here Oh what so we've all got a
wagon Mama's wagons
Amelia's just tried a chicken is it goes
okay yes sir I never pronounce it right
is that nice is that really nice yeah
look she's eating it
good girl delicious and I've gone for
chicken katsu as usual Alvey and Anna
have a chicken ramen and Jonathan has a
katsu as well every single relationship
yeah yeah like I like it
please make some I can thank you so
quickly
yes 20 minutes no way you know I always
go wrong like what is that it was good
no because it was definitely a time if
you asked as one year was like this and
one it was
yeah was it worth the wait
the welcome Emma it was try what now
please write everyone if Johnson try
some of these you have to go Nova and
subscribe so you have to eat I'm gonna
wait here until I have a million
subscribers and then I will try yeah
yeah
ya know Natasha said Eduardo slow as
well so loud and then she heard me do it
once she was like remember when I next
to you I stood next to Eduardo and again
in the Edwardes part you know I pressed
Jiminy's okay now this one what's in
this one I'm not going to tell you you'd
have to have that no I'm not going food
yeah yeah just one bite million
subscribers think of the subscribers
remember me yeah those are two really
hot if you get a lot but you do the
moment
Jonah whatever like what is it wasn't it
doc you good do you like it too much
more processing oh my god no Ginny I can
get any weight but he's not going take a
while yeah it is really nice it's kinda
neat that did you like it yeah check you
out
see it's nice to be a good alright
oh maybe there's like a new way to get
Webber Carly or Kendall who everything
and it's Kylie Jenner lips use rub chili
Cardenas do I have chili lips yeah oh my
god your lips are centered
I bought it wouldn't smell that so the
same brand of company brazuca Sherman
yeah little koala bears that we get
angry excuse me to have entry which
toilet paper has the koala bear
now I Miglia like mine I just emptied it
into my shoe you choose on your lips and
then you eat it
that's right we have to pick in the oven
as well yeah
yes we're doing the hardest job not eat
it yet
and then yeah when they've been in the
oven I need to put the oven on 200
degrees okay tomorrow it's my way he's
watching it on their camera tonight okay
now we need to put egg yeah an egg so
you ready to mix this one large okey
ready please break it in there we go and
then you mix the again good girl
mix it round in a circle okay let's
measure that when it'll come from broken
strong grains and wheat yeah
what do eggs come from where does milk
come from yeah slowly and very gently
because we don't want the flower to fly
up so you want to fold it so you go take
a spoon and then you twist it and fold
it up like a princess very gently and
twist it and fold it that's right you
look like you're from the fifties look
at you very pretty
 yeah that's that's right now we
need to pass the cocoa powder so this is
what makes a chocolaty yummy
what are you stroking it forward you
want to taste it gone then doesn't taste
that nice yet though okay was it is it
nice yeah the immediate proved are you
gonna try some more are you thank you
not too much I mean yeah we have to wait
to put them in the oven first that way
we need to put some milk in no I'm gonna
wait until they come out of the oven no
that's when they taste the best here's
the best bit Amelia okay you're gonna
have a bit more
branch Oakland is called milk chocolate
your favorite okay Amelia where are our
cookies now and in the oven and then
what you can see them in the oven can
you see them done so can you not see
okay anything yeah there we go
do they look good yeah
today tastes nice yeah please did
eduardo make them media this is what I
make them no one's talking because do
you make them we make them differently
Amelia Eduardo here only one day's I
know what this one can I steal this play
yeah Jonathan cookie Oh every coffee
yeah
no don't make it to that he's got tears
in his eyes Eduardo Eduardo was that
nice
did you have a cookie no what are you
talking about
you didn't don't worry your glass table
is perfectly fine yeah wait yeah big
substantial chunk in your little bit
there oh no no
yeah that for later no he thinks it's on
the phone oh yeah oh yeah yeah yeah
tell me one
well not this one this one is good yeah
go for that one I mean only the crumbly
yes it is when you find your site
nothing hey you've got to use them quite
a lot what you didn't bring them you're
right down there honor as anyone see the
media's graph this whole time look at
Edwardes shock on her hands right 20
minutes before do I promise you the
cookie is gone
okay so Anna and Jonathan emilion
Eduardo have all gone home now we've had
an awesome day hope you guys have
enjoyed the vlog I've taken my makeup
off I've done a whole make light not
makeup routine skin care routine my
double cleanse and then you said acid
toner and then I've used a really kind
of just one of them as well
did you know no and then I used a serum
which I'm trying out I really liked it
and yeah now I'm just scrolling through
Twitter looking at what you guys thought
of my new vlog you all loved it which
makes me really super happy and I'm
gonna have a cookie and I gotta go to
sleep sounds good doesn't it sound good
also just want to say I'm not naked I
have got a strapless bra on under here
it just looks like I'm naked
goodnight I hope you enjoyed the vlog
give it a thumbs up I did oh well no
it's so long farewell night farewell
have you heard the points blog virgin
sing it then goodnight farewell I'm
going to sleep now you can buy that on
itunes if you want 79p that's it that's
the whole song it's like 12 seconds long
so probably not that good unless you
ever beat no back in music heba's just
that cookies gone to your head Elfie
goodnight bedbugs bite and if they do Oh
what was it if they do do a poo
no and if they do I'll beat them with a
shoe until they're black and blue or
something like that
no they're something leave it in the
comments yeah okay
goodnight guys love you bye didn't turn
off did I
