good morning myself and Alfie are
currently in town because we are going
to the gleam Christmas party tonight and
Alfie is getting his hair cut so we
packed up the car he's got all his posts
he's still signing them he's trying to
get them done before Christmas
we've just discovered that where we
parked it's six pounds something for two
hours just quite a lot of money in the
grand parking scheme of things and I am
going to do a bit of Christmas shopping
I still want to get a little gift for
Jonathan and Hannah and Steph because
you've got some things for the kiddies
um I haven't wrapped them yet so I'm
going to have to do that at the hotel um
but yeah so we've just come into town
and then we're going to be heading off
to Watford to the Grove which is an
amazing hotel and I'm really excited
about it Oh what was that a tree huh my
wife is doing what are you doing
we're doing anyway
we need to go alpha needs to get his
hair cut and I'm just sat in the car
let's roll
you write Alfie that's right can you
shave that joke yeah okay oh yeah
good I like the lace yeah sure about the
hair guys so much hey guys not my fight
and I was going to get hacker and then
I'm doing that Christmas shopping and I
was like okay we'll meet you certain
time then get two different things
Khatri each other oh I need paid for a
car ticket on my phone yeah you need to
do that turns out I don't have anywhere
to time until I'm either so I've had to
borrow out he's watch planet I'm to me
like the lens look they're all Christmas
Bodhi gosh it looks nicer at nighttime
when all the lights are out
thank you
I also did a lot of Christmas shopping
all my staff has always found a little
friend oh look at oh like two flies
be out yeah
you okay let's put it in the plot Pass
come on over the bridge oh stop stop
lucky we stopped blooming now there's a
lot of people coming over that bridge
there will be a car gee whiz we're so
lucky we stopped
it's a tiniest bridge though yeah look
how many cars are coming over it so glad
we stopped and it realized there's a
river oh can you see that you see that
guys Wow wait wait wait for us to go and
you'll see what I'm gonna say serious
mr. car Conover told you why are you
ready are you ready guys keep watching
the video
coward game on don't click off no
clicker what I can speak into nala this
oh my gosh in this light hurry up the
owner of the go please make your traffic
lights there we go go on go on Lewis
Hamilton look guys look down there Rosie
and Jim Rosie in jail
the go of course is that range oh look
at this drive below my neck eliminate
look at it there's no whore and plane go
 there she's been gone there's no
plane go imagine if it was actually I on
I talk about no no but imagine that ball
landed on like your smashes the window
here we go he's driving up yes he is
yeah we're we reached the destination
where do we park there is mr. Grove oh
let there's some tennis and golf lame
rabbits alright I'm gonna stop oh my
gosh there's a god far we've left the
grave until Christmas and look at this
little Christmas scene oh my god it's
actually all made out of gingerbread
with what
this entire thing is made of sweets I
didn't I was not expecting
it's amazing men
look how gorgeous our room is it's so
lovely there's the bed there's a big
bathroom
minibar here's the bathroom
weirdly obviously that butterfly when a
butterfly themed room how weird is that
hi Alfie you see later and we've got
butterflies here too in like a glass
perspex thing how funny is that the
theme of the day is butterflies and look
at the lovely view I do love this hotel
so much it's lovely
anyway we're late for a meeting so we
need to go come on Alfie are you ready
fingers snap chatter oh of course you
are
look how delicious these look as well
knuckles we'd better
wardo Emilia's and Jonathan and I'm
seasick Jana and John Jana and Jana and
elephants their presence we're going to
quickly take them down to them now I'm
excited
I won't open Staller already already
started yeah everyone's got prison look
it's nothing
Oh what is it Amelia Amelia
egg nap okay you're in a right side up
or anything
open it oh it's like howl subsides
imagine having a present off the side
I'll be amazing I'm really worried she
might already Jose no she dumped that no
she didn't have it is so cushy lowness
that's what we feel Adam yeah
the cash register it's got little notes
and like cards and coins you have to
turn it away
it's a shot it's a shot and it's got a
little tail it's got like gonna me
mommy and daddy are downstairs she don't
got it
no oh I was like she's bound to have
this already I'm just gonna be like nice
you're not gonna like whatever it is on
that one yeah
do you like like Bardot Oh Eduardo is
that the gate is that good I was hoping
I was like it shaped like a candle what
my not like I know he's got a dick you
know and I'm right at you he's got a
cane and it can't Monica Monica oh I
remember this moment okay oh my song
that's all you're doing little song
running like yourself of your phone here
comes Santa Claus yeah turn said yo
right down Santa Claus way yo yo yo here
comes mrs. Holcomb you light her please
here comes mrs. she likes
Alfie's face - ee Dib - Merry Christmas
to you anyone was watching this they'd
be like I think those four okay no way
your job is lighting my mic just
something with a light like walking
obviously hide your office yeah uh-huh
and Here I am like Jimmy hello hello
come ahead of us here we are literally
Here I am with my chummy hello this is
we go in yeah what does the GLS stand
for I think it stands for great
Hey Happy's already checking in hate to
do though are you arguing over cameras
because I get a shot and then
we've come away from the party for a mo
because I need to edit my daily vlog and
I'm not sure how good the internet is
here because we are kind of in the
middle of nowhere so I'm hoping it's not
too bad
um Alfie is playing soda crush me and
Alfie have actually become a little bit
obsessed with this game I'm not going to
lie when candy crush came out we were
obsessed with it and then it got too
hard I like Ava bad that it's good like
now we've got that thing where you know
when you play it too much you shut your
eyes and it's all you see it's like
mixing the fellas yeah close my eyes all
I see is candy crush or soda crush soda
quest so is it candy crush soda saga or
something I don't know um bit obsessed
with it to be honest and there's another
one with pastries that were a bit
obsessive as well no that's boring
it's not as good just a second I just
like those kind of games you know where
you slide things and then they explode
anyway I'm editing the blog Alfie's
playing that cruise I think you're
probably going to go back down to the
party right that's what party on them
yeah look at us being massively wild
party animals I just wanted to get my
blog up I was I'm very tired very very
tired but it's been really nice seeing
everybody and having chats and everybody
oh I just hit myself once I've had um
dinner oh my gosh I did it Livi dinner
well eight lives left dinner was nice
but the portions were quite small so I
might have toured a room so any good job
posh restaurant right
this hotel is super super nice don't get
me wrong I'm not telling you it's not
come here it's amazing but tonight the
portion sizes were like this big so I
was hungry I was like really excited for
pudding I was like I'm saving myself
with a pudding I'm staying with it and
there were mini Christmas puddings and I
hey that's the one thing at Christmas I
don't eat as Christmas puddings with all
the currents of race knowledge awareness
but
gooey chocolate yeah
uh everyone was like chocolate cake and
they've been to there like Christmas
pudding but it was I was really nice the
presentation of the food was in sane it
was so amazing but what I loved the most
was just being around all our friends
and it felt so Christmassy and special
so I really enroute ruff-ruff
I really enjoyed that Alfie's found my
eyelash that sometimes grows into my
into my eye I'm really scared you know
how painful it is having eyelashes
pulled out wait you got - no no no don't
pluck - well I'm gonna try and bend them
off first
it's - can I just get both on one go Oh
God do you know how much uh or me today
I'll get one first ready you close your
eyes and then I'll put it Howie this one
you get it how long it is Moochie I was
going into my eye
you like then how about singing my Einar
something you might I don't know that
one was I don't believe that was growing
into my eye that long yeah let me say I
feel like I'm just so much to eye makeup
oh my god if you stop blinking 12 times
a minute
get it oh I didn't get it oh good I give
each eye one more
first it you've lost them don't try to
look for another I'm not nothing to see
did that hurt a lot not really actually
the first one did a bit to reach my boy
so he can finish it
Thank You me I'll go
