good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 9
it is really cold today
like it's like rusty outside what is the
temperature temperature it must be - it
has to be o - - that's the coldest it's
been all year and I think there's a bird
or something in the garden just likes a
bear I don't know what it is I mean I
could get down there and it's a football
I kind of want to say I'm gonna put out
these shoes on guys do you see what I'm
looking at is that a football what is
that oh I think it's a football yeah
that's definitely a football I thought
it was like a little Oh Nyla's going to
investigate I thought it was like a
curled up wrap it or something even a
good old sniff oh he's like there's an
alien object in her garden to be fair
it's not a football so what you do in
which is that oh my god oh no I think
it's a football but it looks flippin
weird it looks like a dinosaur egg
that's so weird
yes you like it come on let's go inside
come on look at the house there's the
moon it's very early but come on while
she's eating rabbit poo frozen rabbit
poo
what delicacy like frozen raspberries or
frozen grapes come on you little poo
come on I was gonna take Nala on a very
early morning walk but I think maybe
won't take her an afternoon walk we'll
be out so it won't feel so freezing they
all tucked up in your little bed
Oh next the fire mm-hmm guys I think I
may have placed the biggest Accardo
order in the world some of this is for
us to eat a lot of visitors logs and a
lot of this is Christmas that is so much
oh boy this is gonna be fun this is
gonna be fun to unpack I was gonna say
oh I do a little what's in my food shop
but half of its like logs and a lot of
like drinks oh I seem to have bought a
lot of toilet roll yeah a lot of drink a
lot of like cleaning products I guess we
got to get all this out
getting a little more you building a
house can a little fire going now if
he's got his jogging bottoms on I got in
I've never seen anyone make a fire this
way did you learn this in the woods with
Dave yeah oh god yeah
yeah any big logs in at this point oh my
god every time I have I've done the
kindling underneath and then put a log
on top no we messed up the fire so then
Sean came round to fix it it was like
this before soon as I closed I just
without fingers crossed is open yeah why
did this that is open that means open
yeah she means this made it strong it
out nobody it's like Sean just came
around especially to do the fire you're
the one doing the fire well you've got
three to upkeep on Christmas Day that's
my job
this one the one in the dining room and
the one in the living room job you have
to run around all the fires you want the
fire starter twisted firestarter anyone
know that song I used to love The
Prodigy ok fab yeah that's burning now
oh yeah I think today is gonna be one of
those days where I'm not wearing any
makeup and I don't do my hair because
myself and Alfie are literally having
like a mammoth sort out and a mammoth
tidy up it's like our pre-christmas like
spring keen
we've just lit this fire in this room
which we've never lit before it
made the whole room filled with smoke
because we realized once we'd put
everything in it we didn't know how to
like open it or get the fire going and
there was a smoke like billowing out of
it into the room we were like okay this
isn't normal but we're all good now
there's no smoke and it looks so nice
very cozy that's a big old blog burner
this room does get quite cold so it is
nice that we can now put this fire on
and it just makes it feel a little bit
more festive like this oh dear yeah we
have these big doors that you can close
and we never close them so see we just
leave the two rooms open but we close
them to keep the smoke in and out he's
like oh I kind of like it yeah that's
true yeah it got a bit got a bit crazy
also guys I've been doing my puzzle this
morning look at the improvement I've
made I did all this bit did all this bit
and sort of started doing a little bit
more of this bit as well do need to do
that side I'm getting far too into this
puzzle business
I'm sure Alfie's convinced he's actually
dating like a 90 year old in a 27 year
olds body sat by the fire which I need
to put another log on and I've just
finished up reading vlogmas and the
thumbnail got it all scheduled scheduled
a tweet and now I am doing my thumbnail
for my everyday festive red lip look I
don't actually know I'm calling it yet
and I've got like three stills and I
cannot pick which one I think I prefer I
always put my images into Lightroom and
then I edit them and then put them into
Photoshop and try and make them look
like semi okay I don't mind doing
collages because you can sort of pick a
couple of the best bits of a vlog and
put them all together and I like that
but trying to pick one image and make it
look good and make it stand out I suck
up so doing this I always find really
really hard like I just don't know which
one to pick and I don't know how
look at if you haven't seen that video
it went up yesterday I'll leave a link
in the description box go on over and
check out it's basically my everyday
makeup with my red lip yeah both videos
are up I'm now gonna do my advent so I
need to open I cannot make these out at
all like what is that
no idea I think it's an owl I thought it
would be nice to do a little bit of like
an update because this time last year
actually it wasn't this time last year
was like the start of the month last
year I did the flight to Edinburgh and
if any of you were around then you know
that that was like a huge deal for me
how well that one and it's been so sweet
I've seen so many of you leaving
comments saying please tell us how you
found the fly I watched it last year and
you spoke about how it went really well
how did you find it this year I'd love
to know your progress or if you found it
harder I forget there's a lot of people
that know licking herself in the
background come here oh I forget that
there's a lot of people that are also
experiencing it at the same time and
although no two people's anxiety will
ever be absolutely identical because
that would just be crazy everyone's mind
is so different there's definitely
situations where people will feel
anxiety in the same way or they will be
triggered by the same thing don't eat
that puzzle if I finish that puzzle and
I've got a piece missing and I do think
it's nice to do little updates for you
guys or anyone that's interested or who
is also working on their anxiety but
also for me because a year has gone past
and I think it's nice to reflect on it
with a year difference because I for any
of you that don't know I speak to a
therapist every single week without fail
like the one appointment I never ever
move or ever cancel or ever forget about
it's my top priority got a little tickle
in my throat it's my top priority
because it's hard to work on really
really hard I had almost 10 years of
solidifying the way my mind was working
which was not helpful for me but I had
really molded that so tightly that
unraveling that is gonna take me a good
while I mean for some people it might be
less time to resolve their anxiety but I
guess it really depends what it is and
how long you work on it and how much
work you put into it because my
therapist actually gives me homework and
I have to do it and if I want to see the
results I want to see then I have to do
the homework even though that could be
really out of my comfort zone and
something that really like stresses me
out you have to do those things like I
said in my video quite a while ago if
you never push yourself out of those
comfort zones all those places where you
feel safe but you're not your best self
if you never push yourself out of those
little areas then you will never get
past that you will never be kind of more
than that if that makes sense so for me
flights is probably one of the trickier
situations it's kind of like the Nemesis
or the baddie at the end of a level when
I know I have a flight coming up I don't
eat as much
I don't sleep properly I it affects me
in all areas of my life my work my home
life my personal life it's like this
underlying like I've got a flight soon
like it makes like my stomach flip so
working on something like that you need
to keep doing it for it to become
mundane it needs to become something
that you don't even think twice about
and next year for sure I already have
some trips planned so this year doing
their flights I think was probably the
best flights
I've done there was absolutely zero
panic attacks one tiny flutter of
anxiety on the way out but absolutely
nothing on the way back I didn't even
think about it it didn't even cross my
mind and that's when you know you're
making good progress because I wasn't
constantly thinking am I gonna panic at
this point am I gonna panic at this
point am I gonna panic at this point and
we all know thinking things like that is
gonna make it happen
my therapist always says if someone
tells you not to think of the color blue
you're gonna think of the color blue and
that's the same with anxiety and it just
didn't even cross my mind
I even like 8:00 in the airport this
sounds crazy but when I feel so anxious
I cannot eat anything it's like my
entire digestive system is like nah no
thank you
I was eating I was so not even thinking
about it I sat an eight I was really
really happy with it because then that
also means my last kind of experience
with a flight was a positive one which
going forward is only gonna mean good
things because I can't draw on a
negative experience as clearly as I
would be able to if it was a bad flight
it's really nice to remember that I'm
not the only one that's going through
this and that so many other people
experience this worse than this even
there's people that really really
struggle with it and it's very what's
the word I'm thinking of reassuring to
get those reminders like you guys asking
me how it went I'm like oh yeah like
it's nice to think you care and that you
want to know how I felt about that and I
hope that me kind of opening up and
sharing those things also encourages you
to feel you could be quite open with how
you feel and also reassure you as well
because there's a lot of people in this
world who suffer with some form of
anxiety whether that's quite extreme or
quite small in the grand scheme of
things so many people will be
experiencing the feelings that you feel
in some capacity now I was really happy
with it
bring on 20
tene and all the flights i'm gonna
conquer i don't actually know what our
plans are I am like burning that city's
fire
I don't know what our plans aren't plans
are I don't know what our plans are not
and I really want to go to the garden
center and get these freaking fairy
lights in this tree because the mall
we're putting it off the satyr I'm
getting because it's just one tree that
we need to finish
the alarm went off but my god I've never
heard a noise like in every single room
it was like piercing I mean that's what
they're there for
at least we know if there's ever a fire
we're good
the only annoying thing was that we
didn't actually know how to turn it off
so I was upstairs covering Allah's ears
because she was literally crying so much
like she obviously for a dog that noise
is like so intense but yeah and then it
just kind of went off on its own so I
mean now if we still don't know how to
turn those off so in the event it ever
goes off again I don't know I think
they're wired so how do you turn off
wired fire alarms finally I've left the
house the first time in two days and
we're back at the garden center to pick
up some more light box answer for some
reason he looks bigger in here back to
the light 1,500 but we need this
particular we need this one oh god this
is where they don't have them or here
this just ate our trees ate in half yes
but we already have a thousand on our
tree we've got a thousand starting at
the top here we go warm white that's the
one we run just run one more that's
color like we got them we've gone for
1,500 let's see if this fits or if this
is too many
can you imagine after all this it's too
many nobody just ate the other thousand
off oh yeah that's true
we've just cleaned out the guinea pig
and in the garden center we bought him a
few little Christmas home touches so we
bought this and can't really bought this
little present look we've put these
little like guinea pig snowballs inside
this kind of creepy pinecone snowman I'm
sure he'll love it
filled his entire bed with lots of hay
he's got his boar which he always plays
with and then this I don't know what
this was but it looks very festive and
then we bought him a little hay house
which has snow on top which is just
coconut I didn't know that guinea pigs
could have coconut I have to say how you
feeling about your new house Percy do
you like that we've decorated it for
Christmas finally I've done the big
Christmas tree as you walk in I'm really
happy with it it's like a purple green
woodland theme
all the presents underneath it's got
some really lovely baubles on these ones
are amazing I got them all from John
Lewis this one I love has moss inside it
but my absolute favorite are these
they're tiny little purple mushrooms
with gold on them and moss at the
blossom and you just peg them to the
tree so they stand up I love them I only
bought three of those I'm gutted there's
another one there and then I put the
other one there space them out got
acorns got little acorn Garland got
another one up there yeah I'm very happy
with it it's got lots of lovely baubles
on I always do the nicest baubles at
Christmastime and they also put them
into like sets and categories so that
you can just end up buying all of them
which is what I did and just throwing
them all on a tree knowing that John
Lewis did the styling and I just put
them on but I really really like them do
you like it yeah it's cool isn't it
and in case you are wondering if I put
poppy and Sean's decorations on I put
poppies in there but Sean's really
ruined it so well done Sean your
decoration one the most tacky because I
could not put it anywhere on the tree so
it's going there
Polly's here now and we are heading off
to grab some dinner from the pub which
will be nice all alfea's just showing
Holly his gym TV
whatever Indiana Jones
no way that's so dangerous okay maybe
next time I literally just said to Alfie
this song's on and I said you have to
admit it really is the most wonderful
time of the year when elves just
everyone time of the evening when else
does everyone get so involved in like
festivities like lovely music decoration
do you know I mean everyone's in a good
mood our starters have arrived of course
you've got camembert although I'm gonna
have to ask Alfie to get the devil off
the camembert yes they are they're so
Turner's I think they over there be yeah
they're huge I have like an irrational
fear of like a little thought you were
gonna put one on me I flinched you just
don't like them yeah and we also have
some calamari breadsticks he's looks so
good with death he excited yeah yeah
this pie we fondling your burger then no
alfea's looks very healthy he's gone for
salmon fish cakes
and to be fair you ordered that knowing
I was never gonna finish this yeah
hi honey
okay get your get your flapper ready Oh
wipe the warmest - that's not a brow
what you don't live where is carried on
now I gonna fall apart and I need you
now tonight oh my god was it good - what
forevers gonna start tonight tonight
total eclipse of the heart Wow you don't
get deported you get hot points oh one
in half yes
Oh some concentration some meditation
Whitney Oh
Whitney Houston I wanna dance with
somebody oh yeah see if you said sing
along you smashing it much done that all
the songs okay we have to repeat the
line after you're humming okay so you
have to sing the net we have to sing the
next line I really annoy myself in these
games because I get really competitive
yeah
she's into yoga as Librium five colors
in her hands I'm not hot I'd like to
meet her eyes like what's how does the
next line lip ring and five colors not
in some fashion but I love the clothes
she wears okay did it
she's carried on a way to stop them I
just love watching you hum you're like
the most passionate Hummer I've ever
seen it's like it's like your teeth are
gonna burst out of your face oh my god
in Havana
my heart is in Havana
oh you again know you've got to carry on
that's so the Egyptian the next slide
you have to do a bit more nah it's not
the only bear there's some no a hundred
percent
come on the next bit oh my god I have no
idea my mama don't like Justin Bieber oh
we're now watching Harry Potter and
having a little game of Bananagrams
twelve paces as a word yeah oh why are
you saying us ray I I don't mean you
can't play a tune oh I thought you meant
the word places yeah that's a good one I
can you have that Oh Alfie you've got
some letters there you're trying to use
up mm-hmm
there's no vowels she can't do much
about a vowel I have these so far cat
bio radiation is of what though
a short biography about yourself or
fairy non-bio very non bio is not
biology I have a Jane and M to get rid
of but I literally don't know mm because
I think these are all terrible letters
what have you got oh no hi it's
operations
Holly's one we just check in the word
burly yeah real sleazy dint sweep great
pairs any yet
steer hair write it out well done honey
I just picked up a you know it's time to
resume my
