kind of want to sit in the Sun oh it's
nice down here isn't it Nana okay
actually I can't see no moving okay I'm
just going to have to accept the fact
that this is going to be a really long
clip and my arm is getting really ache
following clips you are about to see are
from yesterday I never properly
explained what was going on in the video
because firstly I was I'm just blogging
firstly I was so nervous
secondly my whole day was riddled with
anxiety so my vlogging was poor and
thirdly I was kind of just in shock
about the whole thing and I wanted to
soak it in which I feel like I really
did and sometimes when you want to do
that you don't you kind of don't film I
don't say the things that you would want
to convey so I'm doing this as like a
pre intro to the video um so as you may
have guessed by the title and actually
so many of you guessed on Twitter
already yesterday which was so weird I
don't know how you guessed it we did not
go to the place you said we went to so I
have no idea how that even was a thing
we went into an office but those of you
who guessed well done you are true
detectives and you freaked me the hell
out myself and Alfie were asked by
Madame Tussauds uh if we would like to
be a wax figure in Madame Tussauds
London now when I was first asked this
question I think it was followed with a
laugh and I was like I think they've got
the wrong person obviously I can't be a
wax figure that's kind of no that's know
that they've got the wrong person like I
don't deserve to be a wax figure what
are they on about um and it's actually
done by requests so on leaving the
attraction if you don't know what Madame
Tussauds is by the way if you're really
totally confused it's a
kind of attraction we're kind of
well-known sports men and the Queen and
kinda just well-known people and people
who have had any influence are made into
wax figures that looks so incredibly
real you walk around and you expect for
them to move and I have being myself and
it is the most amazing thing ever it's
always busy any time I Drive past and
it's kind of like the place where
tourists want to go and take pictures
with things that are not real but look
real upon leaving the attraction people
asked who they would like in the
attraction so anyone that is in the
building in the Madame Tussauds building
has been requested by the people that
visit so when I was asked I thought it
was a request from Madame Tussauds and I
was like I don't feel like I deserve
this I think I don't know I was really
kind of like this is crazy like that I
can't actually quite fathom this as
being a real request I actually did
think it was going to be a prank I was
like okay so we'll get there thinking
that they're going to make us into wax
figures and then Joe will probably pop
out and go hi I got people to touch you
up all day and it's not real something I
don't know
um and then they were like you and Alfie
was one of the most requested people
last year almost on the level of one
direction and I was like well but
honestly what um I don't think I can
quite convey how much of a shock this is
to me really um doing what I do which to
me it's still just a passion and a hobby
and it has gone a lot further than that
definitely um but I still just feel like
me living in my house with my dog and my
boyfriend making videos for you guys and
ultimately trying to make as many of you
have as happy as possible and then when
things like this happen like amazing
opportunities come along all the time
some of which I'm too scared to do which
you will never know about which are
amazing still
I think no I can't do that and others
which I think that that is honestly a
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and
although I felt like I didn't deserve it
and I felt like I don't know I don't I
don't know how I felt I felt very like I
don't deserve to be made into a wax
figure in Madame Tussauds I was also
thinking this is like one of the coolest
things ever like imagine in 10 years
time when I mean I could still be doing
this I might not be but I can tell my
kids like oh they once made a wax figure
out of me like out of me they didn't
make it out of me they once made a wax
figure of me but it Madame Tussauds it's
like you have to like think beyond like
the now you have to think beyond what
will people think like this is this is
crazy like youtubers are like taking
over now we're going to be in Madame
Tussauds like it is hashtag team
internet like all the way like the power
of you guys and the power of the
internet literally blows my mind every
single day I also just hit three million
subscribers on this channel which I feel
like this is like the perfect like we're
here for three million and also being
made to wax bigger it's just insane like
I started this in my bedroom and I have
a book and I have products on the
shelves in superdrug and I'm able to
make so many of you happy just by doing
the one thing I started off doing five
years ago that I'm still doing today and
that makes me so incredibly happy and
this is definitely up there with the top
five if not top three coolest things
that have ever come out of what you guys
give me which I am so grateful for like
so grateful for the fact that you will
watch this and the fact that you follow
and support everything I do but not just
me everyone else who has a space on the
internet everyone else who does this
because they love it because they love
you I just feel like we're kind of we
just we're like taking over the world
and I love it I freaking love it
so basically myself and Alfie went and
had our measurements done for our wax
figures even saying that is really weird
really weird but overriding goal and we
went to London and we were measured by
an amazing team they were all so lovely
and I just found the day so interesting
like yes okay it's really cool boom into
wax figure but you never actually think
about the process behind that and oops
and we were just so excited to tell you
guys and I want you guys to also follow
us on the journey because obviously
we've only just been measured but there
are going to be occasions where we meet
our play heads yes that is the thing
that happens you meet your clay head so
obviously you want to be able to vlog
things like that as well and you guys
are the reason that that is that this is
even happening so obviously we want you
to be coming up parallel I'm coming
along on the journey with us so I'm very
excited I hope you are too and really
cool very overwhelmed and grateful and
thank you to everyone who requested me
and Alfie to be made to wax figures um
we did a little interview with the woman
at Madame Tussauds yesterday and she
asked us who we would like to see in
Madame Tussauds as like the next figures
and I said the rest of team Internet
because I feel like we could have our
whole like section I think it would be
really cool before I get emotional I'm
just gonna roll the clips from yesterday
PS I'm sorry that I got anxious I'm
sorry if I don't seem like myself in the
video I was very anxious I think because
I knew I was doing a very big and
exciting thing and when I when I know
it's big and exciting and I have to be
there I put a lot of pressure on myself
if you have anxiety or know exactly what
I mean and yeah so I apologize for that
but also it was fine in the end
and I managed to kind of stay calm
through the majority of the day so enjoy
the vlog I love you guys so much more
than you will ever know and thank you to
those of you that support me and believe
in me and here's to any other crazy
amazing opportunities for youtubers and
online creators who have this
overwhelmingly awesome positive
influence and that's not just me talking
about myself or Alfie that is everyone
who is someone that you watch online
that makes you smile and that is what
makes me happy is that it's being
recognized and yeah very cool very very
cool Nala is chewing Tonya James cushion
Nala
I was telling Jim about this the other
day because they got it for us for
Christmas stop and I told Jim that Nala
always bites the corner so we have to
hide it anyway I'm going to stop talking
about my dog and I'm going to let you
watch yesterday cuz it was a full I
think all day and give this video a
thumbs up and I love you and what does
my life I actually do think that a lot
of the time what is my life seriously
like so many pinch me moments but I'm
glad I get to share them with you guys
another is to look she's looking for
another cushion to chew I know
being healthy together is holding the
camera right now this is none of us ever
trip on a train so it's a very exciting
day for three of us she's already up at
her window 15 have you got the best view
I'm not sure how she's gonna feel where
it goes a lot faster than the car though
I think I'll be fine
unless you might be looking out the
window trying to chase it be moving very
thick things she was really good on the
platform so she was a face at all by the
station they're tricking a little friend
only we could like tell her my like no
if I knew he'd explain what's happening
but like no one no way to London she
knows we're here
think it's not like that from the
training after scams are scripted to
hear just like gentlemen
Papi's here a little bit of planning on
the train
we love it wonder was it funny he's
definitely wasn't fun that was an
awkward we do go back to brighter we
nearly went back to right on Ernie you
didn't do the exciting thing and then I
got really upset because I was like why
does this do this to me
yeah I've always upset about it because
I'm like it annoys me that I have
anxiety but then it also wouldn't always
me that it stops me doing things I
really want to do the also recognize you
because you are the people don't like
the people don't ever worry about myself
today yeah I never worry the exciting
thing you worry about them not that's
one thing my CBT lady is always telling
me oh she's like you have to take the
focus off with you know take the focus
off from then put it back onto you my
girl because I'm thinking other people
are gonna be annoyed relay oh my god
what we're gonna do and then she's like
eating that's not just about now behind
sunglasses on it dogs cuz I've been
crying
um but we are in a car now I'm talking
but there was one point I set out we
nearly got trained and went home nobody
ever talked about it much but it is
annoying on an you are a regular been
there every day every on an everyday
basis something happens like this but
you have to make I still feel quite
anxious about how big this puppy's here
there's not a kiss when yeah yeah if you
go and we just in a taxi now on the way
and then I think maybe we'll just show
for a bit so I could be I need to eat
I've not eaten anything probably doesn't
help actually and I should not eat sugar
no one let me sugar today Alfie this is
where we did some in the city this is
where we met oh I remember
and then we went in there we went in
there a glitchless run you queued up to
meet me to be going yeah that would be
great just with the gate this night Marc
is a card I know you might sit there he
is
was there an oxen this is where is are
we queued up we have arrived in the
building I still have to do my eye
makeup but it is a cool look another
mother hello
you having fun we've set up a little
thing for her and poppy okay she's not
going any destruction but look how cool
the view is out of here
there's Big Ben and the Thames and right
now is the London Eye you can actually
even see people in it so cool I'm
feeling all calm now it's really nice
but I think it helps that it's like so
relied and the ceilings REI is we're
looking at eyeballs I'd say that you
this one's quite so if that's my eyeball
so cool it's really cool in here we're
just about to do some what are we doing
there
oh my hair I'm like nice so one of these
might might potentially be my eye color
I love that imagine if you just had that
stored onto your bed oh really where
today which which I shall I go yes
you've got his
the answer snuggly
your hands will be wax as always your
pet the head slots into a segmented by
the gospel day and then
they can be attached to you that that's
how we kind of like this
well we may say that something restyled
precisely have to already
this is okay so move it until he just
fell down they press too hard club bite
down normally yeah you're just just
quite gently
and if you
yes over and then if you push press to
the back again to turn you can you feel
that
remember Sonya as you can see me kind of
all the details in there and then even
referred the mouth it's great that's
like just being measured I'm so cold
I've got a little black gave me suppose
it's like one of the drawbacks are
having a big amazing building is that
it's quite it's really cool though they
use all these old school like what are
they cool the things that look like
giant tweezers yes it's so hard to sit
straight like this for a really long
time especially in there like to do may
boy that's just a good look to go into
the expression okay
Oh Dottie
yeah
like giant weasel yeah
while accordion Calot calibers and
calipers calipers Calif this was the
original thing i sat on that's where my
bum went okay your face is why for
having these my chicken pox well that'd
be a bit moldy I like this question oh
is that one none there there's a little
thing oh you got mojo I was oh really
like Alfie's hair right now look at it
I'm a vest it's quite loose these are
the teeth I was actually a really I was
one of the bleached teeth
actually I was very chuffed so look
these are gum shades yeah these are the
gum shades
Alfie's teeth my teeth
although I do so I am actually donating
my outfit
this little Topshop number of mine I've
worn a few times in the little cover my
disco pants and some black chunky boots
because I felt like that was very me and
when I asked you all on Twitter what you
thought was a very kind of Meowth never
know I didn't donate my underwear of all
a lot of food a lot of you said stripes
disco pants chunky boots and Peter Pan
collars and I feel like I kind of did
that with this outfit so that is my
outfit goodbye all over goodbye outfit
goodbye goodbye our fees are going to me
I've donated outfits till I saw problems
and I'm here today to tell you
I won't charge you admin fees if you
make changes to your policy Thank You
mr. hope that was great we just have the
word insurance of the MS
you
