hello everybody um look at this lovely
picture behind us look at that all my
friends on holiday look there's Jim
looking lovely Oh Jim's come to play yes
so Jim has come to play and we're gonna
have a sim sim enjoy it enjoy them enjoy
we're gonna have a gym and Zoe day today
so another as well which is good because
probably don't have teams often do it
often is only one boy yes see that we
don't really hang out just me and you
anymore I know back in the old day you
mix days it would like a weekly thing
no no anything else again McConnell do
you hear Jim came running it like I'm
gonna weave oh my god when are we myself
and my gate wouldn't open I do it I had
a pot I that way look at my stomach it's
just like a big bulge and AH just just
religious madam we are pregnant we we
know a wee wee baby
we've got the pregnancy I dig liquid
baby yeah and then Oh much better now
yeah I don't like a horse wait was it
like coming out Wow oh yeah and I lose
your buzz as I please I don't exist in
this crazy we got our screen so it's
don't press stability behavior Zoe I
need a way I could just see you like I
was like what's doing is that Jim
because you're too tall for the zone
like Yankee Jersey you Jeff and so we're
off the channels we're also very hungry
and it's a lovely beautiful day again
today which just puts me in a super mood
and let's just make sure although you
got yeah you know like a hoodie and
other jackets I thought oh my nobody's
woman Bryson I'm going on a t-shirt yeah
party there's like no wind so everyone's
going to the beach we should go to the
beach later I've never got to technology
effect to get her nails trimmed I'm sure
you're really like that you someone yeah
want me to ask them for you they can
always throw out your anal glands as
well yeah they've done that for nother a
few times so her anal glands
yes cooking but back up there oh no they
don't push them back up they squeeze
them and
secretion comes out that smells like
fish well you don't see them they're
like apparently they're ten to two of
the bumhole inside um but yes now look
okay right she's trying to take on Fang
not good idea let's go let's go should
go should we go come in
where where are we that's it off to the
front door
Miyajima comes with restaurant which I
brought parts of healthy a million times
in but we need to go there cuz it looks
so cool it's good right yes and it's
really cool at Christian thank you
okay here I am and we really like this I
really like it it's so flat it's called
a succulent yes it is oh look at you
with your succulent now that's down here
she's got some water you being a good
girl look how cute this is the sucking
lip area it's to fit in bra our normal
okay sweetie
very cool and the men you have so many
good things
anything I've ever wanted those waffles
and chicken and it's like everything
that means I'm salad okay being very
good
so is Jim Jim's being very good as well
really email okay
I'm not you oh wow thank you that's so
cool
I got homemade lemonade mmm dinner is
served
oh my goodness look how good this looks
I've gone for the halloumi and fried egg
burger which oh yeah and fries and Jim's
gone for half the chicken hello halloumi
slab movie night in a brick wall it
looks very good and some sweet potato
fries and we've got some homemade sauces
that are named after jazz players did he
say yes a Herbie Hancock was it was on
piano in comments tell me the Zook the
ground object off your 10,000 less David
David that's right no you just made up
resources Jeff no Jenkins anyway this is
amazing and I get it
look how good you're being can you sat
in a window yeah I know she's just sat
down the whole time me and Jim are in
the lanes now very very busy we've been
stopped a few times hon we gave you the
few times I've stopped I don't think I'm
gonna be able to me oh she picked a
great place to go so that didn't rework
do it Jim uh it could have gone smoother
yeah we got down half the lanes and then
we realized it just wasn't happening
yeah lots of people around
half-term it's sunny so that's
everyone's outside because it's sunny
we've got Nala everyone who travels I'm
tall I'm just really cute cute can i
stroke him can i stir his cheese I want
to stick with my lucky we didn't really
blend in no who did he we didn't did we
not really and then just to top it all
off my worst nightmare happened
oh yeah Nala pooed last I was trying to
have a photo someone in the middle of
the road because the lanes is like it's
not a main road but they're like tiny
little lanes and then a lorry decided to
come down yes
so she was pooing and I was like I take
a photo I need to get a poop bag and we
Scout the road because a lorry is coming
and then we couldn't find a blue bag I
don't think you packed them I thought
I'd packed a poo bad I was looking for a
while I almost just I I couldn't it
could it almost certified in the end a
nice stranger gave us a tissue
Jim Jim wanted to do it yeah I love that
sort of stuff I was always intrigued
fine
I think texture but it was like I wasn't
expecting it look like it's gonna be
runny but it was like a pebble yeah so
solid I mean it's only small is luck I
just broke off the I just broke off her
and called a scab a scab now I have left
is miss mrs. wet patch on my t-shirt I
wonder if his way of who could it be
our dinner was really nice though yeah
and it is lovely getting to meet so many
of you I always I always love it I love
a good chat you know if you're in if
you're in the right mood and the
weather's nice there's nothing better
exciting you sort of hang out and chat
for a while and everyone was in such
high street yeah and I think just
because like I say it's a day off for me
I'm just hanging out I've got nowhere to
be
yeah why not just hang a chap exactly
and you had the best time licking yeah
you need a drink there now don't go back
we'll go back and get a little drink for
Nala just got back from the vet where
Nala had her nails trimmed and her anal
glands expressed now I can't imagine
that's a nice procedure oh happy Jim ah
I'm also getting a spot Oh here in my
nostril in my nostril like this bit it's
pain Bowl it was what I was just saying
if it gets to that point where you
thought you could sky's it but it's
probably not going to get to that point
oh don't squeeze it until it gets to
that point because if you if you squeeze
it now you're gonna make it worse and
more painful you have to wait till it's
got like this ready to go and then the
slightest nudge it'll go and tell them
it's not worth the time it's like a
constant need of wanting to sneeze yeah
been there what are you barking at what
is it now this what's wrong don't about
sight another thing is that mom today
Jim's offering I'll do it all right I
can't even tell you the smell if you've
got a dog and you have to do that and I
salute you because I can't do that
Jonathan does it to his dogs and he's
tried to show me how to do it and I
can't do it and the smell is too much
for me it doesn't smell how you think it
would smell it smells like copy decks
jim says whoopee decks glue well that's
what she wanted she wanted a stick well
a little sock sir Jim thanks very much
they'll spot it little spot once that's
what he sucks what these daffodils you
all saw with my bloomin Wilde and they
didn't even bloom they didn't bloom and
they've died and there's enough water in
there as you can see they've got
sunlight I just I'm not too sure what
went wrong
how do you kill daffodils like aren't
daffodils like the easy thing they grow
on the side of the road yeah yes do
springtime which is no no so I don't
know whether I got a bunch that had
maybe doesn't bog off your dog is it he
can't keep flowers I think maybe they
were in the post for too long or
something like something stopped them
growing because they have some of them
haven't even like they've not even
opened so I think them coming to me in
the post maybe we got too hot and it's
done to their growth which is very sad
what you're gonna do nothing stunted
your growth did it Jim no no also you
know I think I was emotionally affected
by your flowers there's maybe I should
be you seem really devastated by it well
you know I just every week I get my
little package and I get very excited
and you know feels very freeing yeah
these are so springy I'm crispy I should
probably throw them away I mean why they
said on my table
spring spring has sprung I've touched up
my makeup because me and Jim are going
to film a video I am very excited I
don't actually remember the last time I
filmed a video with Jim so this should
be very fun Nala
down here is so sleepy I was just
touching up my makeup and she fell
asleep on my feet upstairs it's so cute
look how tiny she looks like you're
squishy oh oh oh oh my god I just love
her so much
uh but yeah they are gonna go film now
and it's gonna be fun and it's video but
I haven't actually done before I kind of
have on someone else's channel but I've
never done it on mine and it's the sort
of video that always makes me laugh so
always film that on my channel I don't
know when it's gonna go up but it's
quite nice to have videos in the bank
that's what we like to call it videos in
the bank you're gonna find me mainly to
a shadow this is my outfit for today by
the way guys I've got like a strapless
bra wrong with this kind of knitted what
the only problem with it is that it does
keep doing that with this knitted top
from Primark and then these trousers
from
Selfridge Ã³rale Topshop or these are
Topshop actually that I wore quite a lot
during autumn but I still quite liked
them so what would wear them for today
and I have these little arm bangles I'm
so ensure about these because I don't
know whether they kind of look
unflattering because like the arm fat
gets kind of squishy I don't know I mean
there's not really a lot of arm fat
there I know you're all screaming that
maybe there is I don't Reno anyone got
anything going see like that when you do
that you go up my muscles um but yeah I
see like but when your arms like relaxed
it looks quite nice but then the minute
you're like oh yeah look at that
it's like bulgy in a bit kind of see it
I'm setting up in here got a bit of
James Bay on I really like his album
right now by the way um aunt bee are
going to Jim taking off your apron just
before I'm about to film you in it you
think you're doing just looks so amazing
thank you this is my attire my steez no
I'm not sure know anymore my skirt
yeah I don't think very pretty thank you
I've got retinol um we have just filmed
for Jim's channel a baking video should
I show them what they look like Janet
look at these this area makes me very
happy
I did roll oh the belly button area
might be like this roller we type part
is making that very happy well once we
get focused all the hugging but that's
okay because they'll come apart and Jim
went for a belly button
roll on one of him yeah we didn't want
to do on all of them just in case it
didn't work yeah now I wish we had they
look really good but you can watch that
on Jim's channel at some point not sure
when these are going to go out who knows
who knows it so as I was saying it's
always good to bank videos it is could
you never know we're very busy people
nowadays you know we can't just always
have a video ready so it's nice to have
some in in the backlog in the backlog as
a backlog
but it was really fun and we haven't
quite finished the video yet but we're
going to wait for these to cool down and
then then finish off they smell amazing
I can't even tell you how much they
smell good be good it's always be good
um but yeah awesome high five
we turned into weird like America uh no
one it's a weird like 60s American TV oh
yeah TV kids presenting okay go away it
got weird I'm not sure how much I'm
gonna edit out and you should leave all
is public it way and we wanted a pizza
face I've not had this since the night
before my birthday so I would say that's
been a fair while to be honest um look I
mean longer than I would have liked so
we're gonna wait for that and then we'll
probably have a cookie and then Jim
probably has to go home I mean it's
already nine o'clock and I've just
ordered pizza and that could take like
40 minutes yeah leave us um where is it
where's NOLA mother
Oh is she oh look a little head cover
easier I'm watching one of Jim's old
videos let's go young healer you know I
hate this
what's the other one you and Alfie scrub
Haiti the one I liked watching released
which was Tanya giving you a baby aww
it's got the best thing I've ever eaten
in my life because you don't see your
face you just see your feet I've deleted
it you're like your feet weren't
actually that bad and then you just see
time again come on engine yeah you can
click my toenails she clipped your
toenails
whoo I was like I was off your dead skin
why is nothing else a good idea I don't
know but I wish you would send me the
links like a pro bloke that sort of
deleted it funny why don't you reenact
that as a video absolutely not
because about three people watched it
and the rest of the views were you back
pays enough
oh yeah that was the one time I've seen
you the most embarrassed I hated it
because you didn't know it was up this
is the thing right is that so many
youtubers happen is that they don't
realize it's still there is then when
people go fishing yeah I think someone
linked me at that's how I found this is
one thing I don't get embarrassed that
much but our videos get me like a people
watching outfit I've been watching any
of my videos when I'm in the room it
makes me cringe particularly old ones
I'm like oh I'm doing why am I such a
child and look like an idiot what I do
with my face in my hair and my voice
hate myself doing you I say to you I
don't YouTube makes you really paranoid
about your everything like editing
yourself and realizing that you can't
talk properly and that your face is a
bit lopsided you need a haircut
it's just horrible don't do it yeah kind
of it's not really much of a self-esteem
boost dessert no but all the comments
are lovely um yeah you and after you
share that same thing if I put one of
Abby's old videos on just for the lulz
he honestly like slams my laptop down
leaves the room and says if you don't
turn it off I'm not come back yeah so
funny Marcus gets reimbursed to Moxley
bin man mark is lasting man he does love
Ben much is it can you watch our Channel
no he's unlisted it but we did get to
watch it they ever know you've missed
bin man everywhere you're so long for
long and he made like a superhero parody
video about bin man hey basically I
can't remember a while ago washing now
doesn't he just wear a bin bag yeah then
throws um crisps down the path and then
if he kind of has a conversation with
himself that's right yeah it was
brilliant others it's amazing maybe you
should do a reenactment have been my
tweet Marcus then bring back bin man cuz
it should be hashtag it and try get
tricky that he um hasn't deleted that I
still there private it isn't it better
to know yeah just hashtag bring back
bring back bin man do it everyone do it
he'll be so confused when's this video
going up tomorrow can we do it tomorrow
oh I were you wanna do it now let's do
it now hopefully everyone will get on
board and oh just at marbles back at
market but let's bring back bin man
and then I'm gonna tweet you bring back
oh bring trends what you've got one in
here that's spring trends number one oh
my god hey bring backs
get off my channel bring back spring
trends and David Beckham hair yeah my
channel I hate you or bring back what
are you wearing haha Don used to build
them for me yeah yeah don't used to come
on on the streets of London with me Oh
bless him finally other fashion video
after edit it you know yeah yeah because
that's how I started my channel years
ago I know you like fashion and so you
got back into it well no I've always
liked it I just didn't think I would
care on the internet but I thought yeah
well I don't care if no one cares I just
want to eat up a bit like a floating
head from this pillow is that right
let's tweet let's tweet Marcus Marcus
Butler bring back bin man tweet so I
would do the grand reveal oh I always go
for a margarita with cherry tomatoes and
mascarpone yeah okay really yeah didn't
want that bad for seasoning on that
better hmm
Jim's gone for proper ham and Pina
rubber am and pineapple no good right
yeah very excited to this you excite
you've just got mascarpone on one day I
steer any size you need it on oh no I'm
underneath them
oh yes enjoy thanks gyms gyms off oh
he's had enough of us Nala enough you
know you alright hey what is most most
most rude Jim Bob
anyway thank you so much for coming to
hang out with me today I've had an
awesome day to German Zoey's adventures
yeah Jimmy's always big day out Jim is
there a big doubt I mean sometimes I
wonder because we do get Dicky weird
yeah we like a strange conversation
I never with either you or joke
conversation is weird quickly I'm
starting to wonder why maybe me and Joe
just weird why don't I because I feel
great but we're six to two tangos it
does to be honest you're engaging in the
conversation so actually a lot of the
time conversation is mostly lowered by
Jim yes is no Nolan Alan Alan Alan are
you come here please
anyway see you later Jim I'm gonna end
my video here now too because I'm gonna
go to bed and watch once upon a time
because I am loving that Maria is
calling again just to say he's outside
where I'm gonna pick knowledge up so she
doesn't run out my budget bye
