are you ah yes I am doing it into it
right now Amelia she always walks around
with one shoe on Ruth vitamin is a baby
basically these shoes I love them but
they then when you put them on they
crinkle down they got like they think
without a bit of 90 on the inside next
be careful pain or anything but one
she'll know I like a skirt that's
awesome where's that Reese then we were
in this slow thing while they're doing
the midi-length version oh yes honkers
Chris it's our trend and so I said it
turns last night and we had a girlie
night Tom got a little bit of a bikini
but I'm so good it was so much fun
decided that I might seem a bit weird
but I will so II and jinx you're allowed
to birthing partners sometimes my yeah
you might nice to her too she had my mum
and Isaac started as birthing partners I
think I want you and Jim I can be your
DUPLO is how one is called a DUPLO what
someone who's like they keep you calm
and then make you like yeah like
Psicosis which are I think the last
night was a good example of when I were
baby I know I had like a quite intense
wax I'm home it went and you've never
had him I've never had it before so it
was very painful you might become a wimp
but it was it was and I felt like I was
having a baby
because I'd left my leg safe in this
stuff and I wanted a ball with your
lipstick and he said oh yeah oh yeah and
I forgot my point sorry and then Jim was
not very good
he was jumping around the room so
excitable he was like oh oh my god and I
think that's what hoping I could have a
baby whereas you were holding my hand
like my hand was like sweating and so he
was actually some water which you don't
remember me off you know
yeah Jim was like an excited child yeah
whereas I was like the calm one although
I do think at birth Jim will be at the
other end Jim was at mind yeah
whereas I wasn't I think Jim would be at
my side I hadn't hidden the items Lessie
well except he'll be like whoa like so
excited
and we're going to get some pancakes
aren't we thank you
I've got this on today these trousers
which are quite light darkness but wait
can I use your mirror to show them what
I'm wearing a little your little mirror
so I've got this top on and then these
trousers which are from Topshop but I'm
not wearing this to the launch Oh Hans
not tonight
yeah for her I'm not saving it right now
yeah Tan's launch so you need a shoehorn
yeah if you're looking into a flop yes
then um so it's tonnes launch tonight
I'm very excited I'm not wearing still
watch new talent range and watching it
but we're wearing supremacists yeah I
flew today Jim great Genji and gates I
know escape a pancake I understand how
when you get this eyelash day are you
doing bro lashes huh
you know he was your dad work yeah my
dad says can't wait to wear your lashes
right I don't have something like a star
sure eyebrows or something
John Barrymore your nail polish last
year was it last year or this year
I could use your ovaries which ones left
huh going right now
yeah I love those they're right there
like the biggest ones but I think you
like yeah I'm gonna go down as the
Halloween party yeah love them I'm gonna
go big oh yeah
smoky nude lip I think I got them in the
eyes and performers in the clash oh is
that what you were going for too Jim
oh are you gonna wear my girls like
eyelashes yeah girls not up okay anyway
being safe being sick I like this one
okay
all this one's cute I think I thought
that's the Tanya burr pumpkin that's a
tiny but potent
that's the Jim Chapman that's thermos no
this from oh this is very bubbly this is
only the small word the smaller flower
even if it is meringues I'm recovering
other people yeah my point to hold on
this looks amazing Jim we've decided
that to you as a pumpkin yes you and
that one John I was a sapling cream pour
out the pancake place I'm so excited
thanking oh I suppose a sifter where I
go in this place Oh John did you want to
get a bit worried really worried oh my
goodness look at this smoothie oh my it
looks like something from Halloween
again
I love how wide the shore is there's
nothing worse to try drink a smoothie
for finish strong yeah
oh my god dawn jeans straight for the
ice cream he's got a good day might not
arrive Jam just have to film yours just
do little circle oh oh I was just saying
to Jim where the hell do they get those
flakes from Jim what they'd be perfect
for as well Pizza cool half a day we got
some tip mine's arrived guys to cut the
sprinkles I wet the cream I'm hoping
that this was not a mistake and I should
have gone for ice cream but we just
don't know yet I've got a pancake baby
oh my glasses are gay contractions now
Jesus controls it broken everything just
Nutella pcs let us buy it go everywhere
Nutella
no yeah I just realized across the road
without looking don't do that ladies and
gentlemen
I can do that turns left us now and Jim
is playing with a hair removal device
particularly Rach come on Jim you don't
need any hair charming I do mean Jim and
I are in Harrods it was Jim's idea to
come to the Christmas section clearly I
like him Hey he's cool I'm not sold on
there no I like these these are so
Christmasy to me know when they like
roast the stuff like the oranges and
stuff my mom used to put them on
radiators at Christmastime your stink oh
my god that smells like stinks doesn't
it stinks good yeah these these are a
bit creepy
get out - Oh Jim at least you need to
get something cool spot on your
fireplace nice and Christmassy oh it's
little boy make a you yeah they
came from town yes - cool
happy Christmas feel like Louise would
really like it's crossing station of
shitty yeah all the pastel pink balls
and imaginary
that's cool if they had what it's in
decoration no pink glittery does it look
at this decoration oh my goodness so
let's okay cupcake
oh I like this idea it's like macaroon
bubbles a little like larger a star ball
yeah yeah opportunity
yes okay we found it we found it we
found the pink glittery cat it would
lose her mind
I'm living its observance right now look
at this ice cream Oh get this for your
tree Jim Miranda sings in fish I don't
think these ones no I'm thinking they
might not be welcome back there talking
I think I'm the fawn not actually too
sure on this one though I think he I
think he's not so cute what's that
Oh No there's a cat burn times I think
it's a fox
no no no I I said not this song
it's bit Oh insect themes Christmas do
you know what there is a great their
originality I'll give them that
if you want some really strange pong
balls you need to come here Genevieve I
think I might have broken in oh no it's
all right oh my god it's not a fabergé
is it not anymore
I found Tom the perfect present I've
just said to Jim that he should get this
for as a celebration of her launch night
I think it would look beautiful next to
her bed
on her bedside table congratulations dog
she should appreciate don't you doc how
much drunken for that sighs yeah I'm
going to say 800,000 pounds 18,000
pounds well I'm gonna say 30 30 girls
yeah
is it even to say I bet feeling Fri
priceless yeah
2495 is not gonna have a price of it
okay so it just asked to you guys the
big one was one thousand five bedroom
iris or
do you know I'm raising your thirteen
thousand I'm basing on the polar bears
it updated toidy yeah everything is like
schoolteacher Jim it's like just heading
out I've ever seen in my life
oh my god actually saw myself you know
it's deceptive I saw one of my time
isn't it dismisses yet here in the mood
oh my god she'd love it what could you
get though don't know we're just in the
flower section because Jim is getting
tons of flowers and we've just found
these I'm not sure about it looks like
coral like like coral and Ruthie
he's picked a lovely such like a
beautiful these flowers
I do love white look at my locket
they're not the ones that Jim's bought
but they're very nice very pretty
Lokar donor sanke hmm I've gone for a
piece of this which is a purple ombré
cake I don't know if you can see that
there's a gradient in the cake but you
at that that is impressive
there's Jim buying all cakes I'm in Rome
and today on top you are look at you
Alan what's it corn
opal always a relationship goal yeah
that's my standard Alfie is a step up
where's my doughnut Alfie do you like
your flowers and doughnut yeah I can't
believe it it's so cute
your hair looks lovely oh yeah I've had
heads I'm not makeup yeah um this
murmured so good and let's look at the
doughnut this one is chocolate I've been
bringing up donut so I the victim were
saying that a minute ago
this one's strawberries and cream and
creme brulee I feel like you should
always have a bite of the creme brulee
right now I want to see watch my eyelid
but I've just ah no I bite into it in
after rubbermade done my makeup done in
like ten just don't do your lips yeah I
live for none of these are really all
this one's got sugar on yeah they really
want to bite into this it's not gonna
taste good you know you just brush your
teeth just do it just do it just do it
just say yes yes just say there's
nothing holding you back eat that
doughnut on what it feels really good
whereabouts was the excellent food haul
yeah
what's so sticky uh-huh
is it good fry mmm
oh my god sorry taste the - coldness I'm
not focused it's still blurry hold on
ah there you go it stopped my teeth how
it stopped my teeth is so good though
isn't it
mmm oh my god I literally taste like a
bakery no that is my new favorite
thing I have a slight issue what yummy -
no choice is a sticky is the creme
brulee on what we have this for the
party tonight every photo wash remember
there's a photo booth tonight now I'm
really excited
that's so good I hear is the cake the
piece of cake that Jim bought me in all
its glory I did show it to you in its
fullest form but this is it cut into a
slice look how amazing that looks mmm
Oh Jim wrote on a card and she's just
read it and she loves it I said I read
it once file that made flocking sounds
like a really energetic and sometimes
it's harder to write in times companies
to buy a present oh yeah she very
sentimental it's all about the words
perfect day my love ten at ten I love
cars so much do you keep all your cards
uh you know I keep going to Jim but I've
still got Oh what does it say honest was
sitting next to you doing absolutely
nothing means absolutely everything to
me Oh I'm gonna have a little eat and
bite into this cake are you gonna try
some I can't have any more sugar I feel
bit sick full-time donor oh that's true
we have had a bit of a sugar overload
today yeah I'm gonna have some cake all
right she's not wearing a dress she's
off am i doing strange change there yeah
and I just wanted to show you the
eyelashes she's got them on these are
the individuals looks gorgeous and yeah
I'll see you later
so he's got 200 lashes on I hope she can
manage I don't know that I can Naomi can
help me no you mustn't
you'll be helping the girls that their
actions on the case
no yeah okay now that you've said that
okay great awesome that's happening
that's like top of your guest list
um yeah I'm telling where they can get
your products now before I don't see you
later yeah feel unique dot-com super
drunk oh come on man join me in the
shops and then accessories we're like
what like a Louis I'm gonna y'know the
link description box so make sure you go
and buy some of tons of amazing eyelash
thanks for looking after me today this
okay
hey I'm last night when my vagina but
what yeah you're very welcome anytime
now on your birthing partner list okay
we're ready look at Miami she looks
gorgeous and let this get a lot Tiny's
eyelashes on of course which ones do you
have date night and I love them so
pretty the so subtle and I love them and
it really nice very nice want to be I've
got girls night out so pretty
I think these well I think these are the
biggest ones yeah and Marcus which ones
have you got um I've got uh zombie eyes
yeah I'm guys yes
TV TV that sounds like disease limited
edition I'm talking about Jim that is a
big my hands on every day flutter nice
nice toilet okay look you're not lovely
Jerry you look great and this stocking
is the one that we in Jim picked up in
Harrods for Tom for where she gets back
to make her excited for Christmas oh I
thought it's been this be part of our
Christmas presents I wait
stay together excited because she does
Christmas I've got the kind cue to go
here's what's gonna happen
cuz I should be so busy with all this
stuff be nice to have a date
I reckon she'll try and get in that you
know do you I reckon you get in it I
could I don't want to ruin it I said in
mind while I was six foot three I guess
we got on like Vienna it's got to be at
least three for the listing and some
coins left and join up any chocolate
binu's right let's go like a sauna but
it's right
I'm here with Suzy
they all have amazing tunnels all
probably my favorite actually the
description box you have to go inside
take it
a year
look at the light
like that right
