good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 13
I'm all dressed and we're heading into
town it's we're doing like a little work
get-together tonight it's not gonna be
as like big and out there as last year
last year in fact it was last year on
this day it was day 13 last year we got
together like everyone that we worked
with and we do like a Christmas meal out
and then we went and did karaoke but
this year we're keeping it quite like
small and we're just gonna have mulled
wine mince pies and order in some pizzas
which does mean I'm having pizza two
nights in a row but then whoever cared
or complained about that not me
so our fees heading into town to do some
work stuff and I'm going along because I
need to grab some mince pies and mulled
wine and all the bits and pieces that go
in the mold wine and just some kind of
like snacky nibbly bits because although
were having pizza it is nice to have
some like nipply nice bits so that's
what we're doing we're also taking buzzy
home where are you
should we go home shall we go home come
on then got your bowl I think I put your
bowl away it's very wet and miserable
outside today and I'm wearing the wrong
coat for it it's gonna get soaked
this is what we won we want all these
little nibbly bits just for when people
arrive hello
one thing which I think is so cute are
these little mini Christmas tree
chocolate cupcakes got my scarf it's out
of control
I only basically got one of everything
and two of all the good white the trees
yeah
and we always have in pizzas this isn't
like the only thing oh he's got eaten
that's a they don't know eight of us is
now yeah
considering that's just the starter
that's quite a lot oh we got a trolley
now okay we can we can step up we're now
on a mission to find the Minsk eyes ah
wait oh they look good I probably should
be making my own mince pies but don't
have time should we just get two three
four the micro that's enough no one's
gonna eat to mince pies are they does
that thing
what about em mulled wine that is one
very Christmassy party trolley that's
very exciting
guys we've gone for these for everyone
coming tonight a little elf onesie it's
amazing I think of the photos we can get
with all of us at our onesies it's going
great
okay right we need to go to the men's
section now because there's Alfie and
then there's Dave
the two guys no I'm gonna go good one
I'm going to get Dave a weird one
okay okay we've just come out of urban
outfitters because we're doing the same
Secret Santa not Secret Santa but like
the same present game tonight it's out
we needed to pick up his present before
it but he's got it now
it's a good
how he wants to get more food me and
Alfie were just talking about when I
lived back in Wiltshire my internet was
so bad that I would have to edit my
videos and I do remember this because I
did flog mus in 2013 and the internet
was still really bad then and I had to
edit them at night before I went to bed
and then I had to let them upload
through the night and just cross my
fingers that they would be uploaded the
next day because does anyone remember
when you uploaded a video if the
internet dropped halfway through you
could never pick it back up again like
it now if something happens to your
upload you can like refresh the page
join another internet like provider and
just like it carries on it continues
from way from where it stopped it never
used to do that so the amount of times
would wake up in the morning after like
nine hours of it uploading and it would
say upload failed and I would be like
God Alfie was like was that normal for
you and I was like no I knew it was
rubbish Internet but I did get used to
it like that's just the way I had to
leave video through videos just about
but everything buffered like I had to
let everything load before a watch day
and I had to watch everything in 360
watching a video in HD I just never did
it ever but I just thought that was
funny that wasn't even that long ago but
like that yeah like heavens for fast
internet speeds now and lovely HD video
I'm setting up the house so I'm running
around lying all the candles trying to
make it as cozy as possible don't really
know what I'm doing with in here I think
I'm just gonna lay lots of like canapes
and bits and pieces out on the table
got some napkins I'm just running around
trying to make it as festive as possible
basically
I think we're almost tidy
boys do you think we tied a rat I'm
ready I've been with that look at all
the outfits lined up ready to go
careful because the hang is a likes like
they don't twist oh yeah I'm our three
presents for the game all very similar
wrapping whose do you want so far your
own I don't know what yours is but do
you love your owner nothing everyone not
mine I know what alfea's is and I really
want Alfie Zoe's got two so there's two
in mine mine Dave what's yours like a
little little football good baby one go
down well with all the elves that come
in also we're still debating whether or
not we like this fire because of the
fire extinguisher going off the other
day but it looks very festive back there
there's going to be 10 people here it's
gonna go I'm gonna get war wearing these
it's gonna be warm oil yeah that's very
true
I was mostly thinking just for cozy
effect the aesthetic of having a fire
crackling in the background this is like
coming to a winter wonderland
aa-actually is like the best compliment
you can give me yep so we're just
tidying up a few bits what's the time
how long we got till people arrive it is
5:20 oh my god 40 minutes till people
get here okay
yes our fee being called Butthead is
being called yeah padam yeah
I'm going to attempt to do this mulled
wine I think you just more MIT through
you don't boil it or anything and I'm
gonna Chuck some cinnamon star anise and
then I think in about ten minutes should
we pop these in or like 20 minutes when
do you put these in 5 5 20 so in 10
minutes
we'll start putting all the nibbly bits
in perfect yay I'm so excited why are
you eating this my lunch by the only one
eating it
ah this is my big old saucepan for the
mold wine I can pull the mold wine in
now Connor I'm putting the oranges in it
yes let's do that
this is the mold wine six you right now
I've got the star anis and cinnamon
sticks but I don't know whether to put
them in I think maybe I'll just put some
in because I don't want people to be
like fishing them out of their drinks
you know
nipples are out yeah I cut them out the
box so that everyone could see what
everything was Green these are all but
Green is vegetarian and the red is like
meat and white is like the fancy one and
then warm mince pies if you want sweet I
think it might be time to hand out the
onesies right now obviously Santa is
Alfie and they yeah and a v' I got it on
everyone's changing into their outfit
max you look so cute is it going up your
your elf vagina
I really like the ha I love it
I also really like the zip is that the
zip Isabel yeah thank you
it's keep you wore them into the office
we should be sport yeah yeah that's what
I want
here you got the round one okay this one
here find out who bought waffle do that
this is go let me say thank you
so whose turn now for shimmer for your
gin and shimmer from Prosecco
mixed cocktails ramen is edible
cocktails oh it's me I can steal
something now what are you gonna
I think it's time to go back for the
avocado
we're having a game of what do you mean
which is what Alfie's stole from Ange
and I'm the first one to pick a card and
this is my chosen photo gonna pop it in
these or now guys fish wha Alfie's
most-viewed flog okay when you go to a
Halloween party as the Hulk and people
keep saying they love your Shrek costume
so ambassador herbs is related to this
when you're friends it's not going to
have kids that you can't manage to keep
the cactus alive
when you're going to court just gives
you a high-five
you thought you trusted doesn't there
there was this spongebob theme song and
you get your period three different ones
once but this one hasn't been any the
middle one yeah Oh
that's a goner
laughing johner this one this one has
three this bottom one you mind if I do
help me this one we've got for the most
festive dinner that you could ever
imagine
dominoes I'm mince pies oh my god the
garlic is now have you never tried these
okay so these are my ultimate favorite
like I could just eat two boxes of these
instead of a pizza and bread
yeah and garlic cheesy garlicky spring
comes the cake
but so glittery holy crap I'm too scared
I want to put a dowel under story must
be honest I feel like each of those
slices can be toothless yeah for sure
yeah I think just the icing all that
glitter fall out oh wow cool should I
cut that in half or is that good one
person's life or one yeah that's a one
person like I mean yeah
