all right places guess who's still daily
vlogging I decided to carry on daily
vlogging you were all gutted at the
prospect I wasn't gonna continue my
daily vlogs so I decided just carry on
um can't promise it'll be forever
I just I'm in really enjoying doing them
right now so I'm just gonna keep going
keep going and I hope you like them is
that what you actually start the vlog
just started with that song which myself
and Carrie have listened to since 10:30
it's now 2 o'clock so it's always in my
head I missed a package this morning at
8 a.m. because who the hell delivers
packages at 8 a.m. so I'm gonna go and
pick that up now and possibly pop into
pets at home because I need to grab the
guinea pigs and sawdust because they
need a good clean-out and then myself
Carrie and Gabi are going to go to White
Rose I'm going to get my little scanner
out and um so I have a delivery from
boohoo some first quest small package
look who I found
got all sweet got a big jolly stayed
because they've got pumpkin
we're gonna get something wished on the
Halloween section look at this so cool
oh look at the little trick-or-treat
bucket got a little dinosaur tights on
together and pumpkins and trying to
select some good ones I might get a
little one as well cute
woohoo let's get this in and the lady
outside just gave me this as a goodwill
gesture she was cool come on you sure
had very lovely some time so that band I
should probably scan these now should
know the things I've got from outside
you right there guts
you've got a sketch scanner going in
there oh really
what's happened register it's
registering registrations look at the
Halloween section and they got Christmas
stuff out look how cute is that
Christmas cake and mince pies organic
all butter MIT pastry mince pies you
like mince pies me neither I don't
actually like them I've got quite a few
like Halloween ease stuff though felt
like some Halloween videos I want to do
I also want to get these beans on toast
hotdogs with tomato ketchup and ranch
dressing well any of them I like the
beans on toast one yeah
back from shopping now and I did a
little bit of damage Halloween style so
we've got bunting and the spider's web
got mr. Kipling fondant fancies or
fiendish fancies happy Halloween bunting
some eerie and nightmarish hanging
pumpkins some little pumpkin lights some
animal mini Halloween animals this
little thingy majiggy oh all right
that's not really Halloween related but
look I'm gonna have these in a little
bowl on the table and this is Halloween
related but it's the same colors and
it's caramel brownie chocolate which
looks amazing
and then this
is my carrot and coriander soup them
about to eat mmm I also picked up this
is the plant that the lady just gave me
for free the little pepper plant I also
picked this up this pot because I felt
like it was very autumnal and I really
liked it look how cool is it look at the
leaves so I don't know where I'm gonna
put that but I really liked it and I got
two pumpkins a big one and a little one
because I'm going to hollow those out
maybe for a video and get some pumpkins
on the go because now that it's October
I feel like I want to make the most of
Halloween because before you know it
your blink and it'll be over and I love
Halloween so I've decided I'm going to
make the most of it starting from day
one of October look how autumnal my
fireplace looks now with my pumpkins and
my candles look so cozy yeah so it turns
out guys that boo who made a slight
error these were all supposed to go to
the boo hoo head office and for some
reason they've all ended up in my flat
now I can't really show you how much it
is I'm going to crouch down so you can
see I was only supposed to receive one
bag not twelve so I don't know how
they're all gonna get back to where they
were supposed to go I think someone's
going to have to come and pick them up
but that was a bit weird this morning
like picking up all those bags of boo
hoo stuff um when I knew for a sure fact
I had not gone overboard on the shopping
I did start to worry whether or not I'd
placed a huge order in my sleep but it's
okay so in yesterday's video I said -
hashtag barefaced and wat and upload all
your photos and look how gorgeous you
all are I'm so impressed as 642 pictures
so if you see yourself hello like all of
you are honestly so beautiful and you're
so brave posting all these photos so
thank you for getting involved it's been
really fun seeing you all do it and
there's some guys on there as well
because as you know guys also have
insecurities around their skin and yeah
look
so many and the videos only been up for
three hours and there's so many of you
this makes me so happy
more and more I feel like I could scroll
forever
beautiful absolutely beautiful I am
about to do a Twitter party myself an
Louise as you know were ambassadors for
shark magazine and whoa men should
follow EES where ambassador's fish out
magazine and um as kind of the end of
our kind of ambassadorial role basically
we are doing a big Twitter party so
everyone is tweeting questions using the
hashtag ask Zoe Louise and I am logged
in to the actual shout magazine Twitter
and we're about to start answering lots
and lots of questions for an hour so I'm
really excited to do this I've got four
minutes and it's trending number one
worldwide so you're obviously all very
excited but yeah I'm gonna go on and
answer lots of questions now just
finished the our Twitter party that was
intense
my hands were on fire I was trying to
reply to as many comments as I could and
then my back really eggs I feel like
I've been flat in this chair all day
apart from going to Waitrose I need to
like bend backwards oh that feels good
it's very definite breath lettering
though just finished the radio show with
Aled and dr. Rada
I feel like it was so interesting even
for me I mean I have had anxiety for
like ten years but I still found it so
helpful just listening to other people's
stories and of course I love sharing my
story with people because I want them to
feel reassured and to know they're not
the only one but it's also really nice
for me to hear other people saying it in
a phone call and for dr. Rada to be
explaining it um as for me personally I
loved that she explained why you feel
sick when you have a panic attack
because that is something that I really
struggle with um when I feel panicky I
instantly feel sick and obviously I have
a meta phobia so the two combined don't
really go very well together um so when
she was explaining why you feel sick
and how the blood is kind of drawn to
the center of your body and that's why
you feel sick it kind of made a lot of
sense and I feel like that's what's
going to really help me so if any of you
did tune in to the show on BBC Radio 1
and I hope that helped you I found it
really really fun I really enjoy sharing
experiences and offering any advice I
can even though I'm not professional but
that's what dr. Rada was for and if any
of you want to listen to the show I'm
pretty sure it will be up online um it's
a Leeds show and it's called the surgery
I'll leave it in the description box but
anyway I'm going to pick up Alfie now
and he's coming back to mine just
realised how dead I look it's really
late guys it's like half 10
I'm normally I'm fast asleep by this
point so it's been a really really long
day ever since 9 I've been non-stop all
I've had today to eat a bowl of soup and
I raced it bull just got those shivers
and I really raced the soup down reshma
sit down ain't it really quickly it's
really it's now what's the time 23:49
and finally in my dinner for those of
you don't know 24-hour clock 11:49 yeah
almost Americans don't use 24-hour they
don't know no they don't like if I speak
to like tylium stuff they like I don't
know how to use that
11:14 I'm in the evening in the evening
called a very delicious dinner look that
great but it was quick three-minute
tortellini or ravioli
got told off last time I said it wrong
so really and now we're having some TV
time mm-hmm
