it is finally so one of you today I am
very excited and
my way to London with my hat did in the
taxi
and we're just listening to turn on
radio one and she's just introduced Troy
difference
now I'm just gonna enjoy song have you
heard it before yes have you downloaded
a good night hello we've just got to
London and I am in my room were in the
Sanderson
I do love this hotel it's so cool I've
also like got my family some rooms as
well so just drop that stuff off in his
room
Hey and I've got my nothing brand at a
room as well so I'm really excited to
see their reaction because it's so cool
here and now I'm just waiting for Fran
to come so she can start doing my hair
and makeup and eat something I'm quite
hungry these crisps are cheesy beans on
toast flavor hmm
look what mr. Oakley
good evening
oh you love me
Fran I found so many tassels around my
house over the last week every time a
fee was like what's this smells like
it's a piece of France mine doesn't me
just all over your flat yeah that did
happen a lot I started collecting a
little pile to like text it to you and
then I thought actually what am i doing
good I'm just gonna throw these away
kollene it which looks like common face
look at it look at it and I look like
this because my hair and makeups just
been started to get done I wanted to
meet my mum and my nan my grandpa say
hello and take them to their rooms I
just almost have my hair and makeup done
by realize I haven't filmed since it's
been done I'm doing some interviews but
they've been doing some really weird
fire alert thing every like two minutes
so that was an interesting interview
with yeah it's not just as they left
hopefully do you have any like you skip
master or do you like and make your own
skin mask like if you're playing I tried
to make you skin mask myself but it
always got me terribly wrong and now
normally like slip off my face cuz you
know mush banana yeah Ricardo and stuff
but yeah I do like the face mask
bomb or the bubbles yeah the whole
shebang love it love it
let's bloom because I was so excited
about it and everything that I get
excited about your document on Twitter
and my line let's just stop this thing
yeah yeah um one of them would be you
know what I think the first beauty
product I ever bought was a very
and dazzled her--the back in the old day
yeah I couldn't really use it very much
I almost had a green one which I see put
under my eyes in school but interesting
was the first one you've got I think you
know what first one I bought like I
saved all my pennies it's something
really nice it was a good clean week
they used to do an almost lipstick in
black honey beauty advice I realize
they're biased or lack of I think a
little bit by so beautifies I would take
don't touch your eyebrows let someone
else do the Barry were there because I
was a fucker I look back at old photos
I've just got like a line and it takes
so long to grow back as well um life
advice I would say don't worry about not
knowing what you want to do because I
worry a lot about not knowing what I
wanted to do whether I want to go to uni
or not I think as long as you're doing
something you enjoy doing and you're
really passionate about it and knowing
that you can stop at any time and change
and do whatever you want like one day
you could think actually I don't want to
work in this stuff anymore you can go
and do something else like don't ever
feel restricted I think I would say Oh
yes dominar fee don't looks ready Alfie
just said I would even done my hair I
had a shower see ya
I'm different I'm off to event you know
so much nice young guy tonight is really
cute ciao says what advising have you
got a room key for our room 502 awesome
okay I'm now onto the venue and I guess
so happening here we are they've laid
the coral carpet how exciting
I'm a beauty I'm guessing us going up
there awesome I know that's uncool
like the biggest balloons I've ever seen
in my life for comparison Maggie stand
underneath the balloon
there's your comparison amazing I am so
cool wow this is so cool looking good
yeah look at the picker mix oh my
goodness
the ceiling is insane the lights oh oh
for example this little safe area oh my
goodness this is so courageous your
little
I wish I could float to the top and have
a photo op imagine a selfie
it's probably it is working is it
that is so cool you can see all the
balloons in the mirror huh Wow Oh lots
of tea lights love it I just love these
flowers and boxes they're so cute
the balloon I wonder if I can take one
of the balloons home it's nice to come
together another look on the ceiling oh
my
fight it
like it
guys there are over a thousand dreams on
this ceiling I can't even describe how
many balloons are here it's so cool I
don't think I've even seen all of it why
do you take me through I don't think
I've seen through here okay yeah okay
yeah okay so there's all the sweet teas
and the macaroons yes but look amazing
so thankfully me oh my goodness balloons
photo me photo booth
me and mats of just been into photo
booth it's so cute wala tea purposes
yeah just testing it out can we bring up
oh yeah yeah we don't want our muddy
look at the bar he's gonna get in it
anyone waiting they have the terrace as
well or something
oh my goodness have you seen all the
ring we often share these moments that's
what it all started when we just YouTube
home have you seen will be amazing like
stop
they're in the
lovely sweets you would like the better
here's a nice moment Amanda with Amanda
with Jamie Oliver I'm just I'm just
filming
mr. tidy oh my water
this is our piece mom come to come a
little look force through Higgs I've not
been through here
well they say like the quiet
Oh
yeah wannabes wish so bad I want to take
one of you
and sometime
they won't notice I'm not here is fine
yeah my friends here
everybody cut
he's just so
my husband
my kitchen is
shit
you
ah how about is all of this should you
be amazing it was everything in this
business feels like we've been doing it
for years and years badly it was under a
year ago that - Dante - SOT were talking
about a potential of a zoella range of
products and how the products beauty
product and that was maybe three million
subscribers again and here we are with
it actually existing amazing and I have
to say that all the way through this zoe
has been incredible and nor sleep
Visionnaire and unsounded and what all
of us in the team team gleam are hugely
proud which is achieved over the last
nine months it took from that initial
phone call to be stood here now with
this approval rate and it caught it
before I hand you over to Zoe I think it
possible to just say thank you so much
on behalf of as early and all of us who
believe to team SLG who made all this
look so incredible and stock so so
mercilessly to the breach as it were I
think what's so special about this range
is how showing it is there's no
mistaking that this is surveys range of
products it feels OEM serving and that's
largely down to the
- you see my awesome team SOT so thank
you very much indeed
so and you over to Zoe yeah - say hello
speech before I know what to say
okay to everyone you think today means
so much to me I've got like a little
school friends those are my youtube
friends and everyone my family as well
that kind of like that
oh I just miss a massive thank you to
everyone at SFG miles and Katie um
everyone Motors who's made this all
possible because I definitely would not
been able to this myself so thank you
very much everybody and I hope you liked
it and thank you Dom actually manager in
the world and if one asked a sir
we'll meet up there yeah
yes
you just got back to the room what an
amazing night so there's the door some
of the door
what an amazing night and look what
they've done on the bed Sookie they put
petals over the whole bed that's insane
I don't know people I swear I just heard
someone knocking oh I don't know if they
do this to everyone or just us because
it's been my launch but I don't know but
it was our honeymoon oh and then my
friend Jenny bought me some flowers
which they've put in some water for me
which is so nice and they someone
delivered some macaroons which is some
so nice oh I've got a card for you find
it down in my parents room though don't
worry I am so tired shoes are off yeah
did you have a nice night yeah did you
have a nice night Alfie oh so often they
also gave us some fruit look nice I
think we're gonna order some room
service because we're really hungry but
I am also so tired I'm gonna like sleep
eat um I just had the best night ever
I just want to say thank you to everyone
for coming
if you're watching this I didn't get to
say it to you when you were there a
second and um yeah just I'm like
speechless it was such an amazing night
and I hope you guys have enjoyed this
vlog and I'm sure I'll be putting blog
posts up alongside this with lots and
lots of pictures from the night also and
I hope you enjoyed the collection I'm
really excited about it I really hope
you like it and I will see you tomorrow
right
