morning instead of driving home late
last night
we decided to stay here because it made
more sense I do need to be back though
go around wanna keep these I need to do
that slow for around four so I'm going
to be setting off at like 12 running a
bottle barf in my own house I'm kind of
Oh Christmas jumper because that's the
only jumper that I can find here but
I've left so Christmas okay whoa nearly
drop the camera I kind of want to go
into my athletes if I can find any
library cool fun stuff that I can take
back with me so I think I might do that
one my baths were named oz it's
literally just that Oh my attic is
freaky okay climate and this kook whip i
have immediately found a picture of me
and my old guinea pig Monty
look at him look at my awesome jacket so
cool planet Earth the world I'm beyond
Zoe sugg autumn 1998 I was eight years
old at this point guys Wow world
climates learning about world climb is
eight that's pretty good right how the
earth began my writing is pretty neat
for an eight-year-old
force wanting by Zoe sugg oh my god
I kind of remember their Oh reported by
Zoe sugg new planet discovered my
spaceship Cory was learning this one was
eight Jesus Christ I thought you learn
about stuff like this in secondary
school
Mars is structure unless this was like
homework and I was just a major King
Dean and I was like hmm oh what's this
I depend on they depend on me my friends
my guinea pig my mum and dad my brother
and there's a little boost black one
ball that's cute nothing to do in space
what is this why is my head teacher
pretending to take me to his face ship
oh this is what I would take to space
I've got a what bloody hard on this
thing why did I do flaps sweets what's
under here crayons and paper a makeup
bag a personal stereo but both narrow
brush toothbrush toothpaste why did I
want to take a back scratcher to space
why there I am ha oh my god Zoe Zack
look at my days on here oh well
although neither really so oh this is
all smushed but look there's me and Joe
look at my hair my hair was crazy he yes
that's me with a very big hat on there's
me Joe and my mum there's my brother
it's me and my brother a couple of days
that's me as well I look strong
why how is mental this is what my hair
used to be like guys look at it
like blonde and curly this was my
photography when I was in like well
there's my friend Emma who had the
babies having the baby and there oh my
god this is so funny
look at this
Oh cost output not very seriously she
can yourself with some pearls or
something
Oh Emma my working prints look at Emma
she's so pretty
I loved photography so much the eye
makeup above really exaggerated her fear
and her prominent stare holds fear also
oh my god
Jesus okay that's my photography let's
not look any more at that what's this
girls are beautiful Oh girls are
beautiful that's what I wrote when I was
five I like apples girls are beautiful
they are that they are I like the
octopus someone tipped a bit so do I
I like the Swan so do i spur sure I must
have been really young write it there I
like the rain I like my feet I like my
feet I like the tree I like the sweet oh
my god oh no I ring I am wearing a ring
orange I am e orange I am watching the
fireworks I wedding and my auntie was
well she was getting married she was
wearing a white dress and went to her
honeymoon
oh she looks like she is vomiting he oh
my god who sees reading together my
reading record Alex and Roy best friends
take 10 really good beautiful readings
Oh a good girl and my mum really good in
some parts and a little bit boring
another's I don't think I will read it
again but I like the idea that one day
there
best friend one day they're best friends
and the next day are not at all
excellent Reid excellent reading really
funny what's the point of this what good
girl your weenies excellent well done
that's funny
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
page 16 really good and exciting mom
says mm I was 10 chapter four silver
sword really exciting really good so he
reads really well and he's enjoying the
book but she got the Christmas good girl
nearly halfway through the book and you
only started it on the sick must be good
Antonio s I used to read I'm not joking
so many books when I was younger I was a
complete bookworm okay so this is when I
was totally obsessed with Harry Potter
this was a poem that I wrote three best
friends at Hogwarts day that the enemy
Malfoy gets his own way some teachers
are cruel snakes top of the list the
harsh bin forest is layered with mist
Dumbledore is headmaster he is humble
and wise and there is Hagrid bigger than
man sighs Voldemort is horrid he murders
people quick if you hear if you hear
about him too much it's enough to make
you sick I end my poem here but there's
so much more you have to know if you
want to see for yourself to Hogwarts you
must go by so II suck
oh good the rules of Quidditch oh I
really liked it the knight location
experts was a job for Harry Potter film
this is where I met them when they were
this young um filming in Leacock because
they filmed make up that's why I got to
be in it spells the really easy ones the
medium ability spells advanced spells
the unforgivable curses my pay slips
things he said makes I stole from
production
Hermione's hair clip worn a marble from
the tent a piece of rubbish from hat
from the Harry Potter tent a stick from
the tent a beetle from the Harry Potter
some plastic from a straw from the
Ribena that we drank all day in the
Harry Potter tent
this is something that was on Harry's
desk in the film but when did I sneak
that on a plastic spoon from the tenth
Potter fans are warned off costume
fitting aw
entrance-hall oh my god why this is what
you should do before the Internet guys
Harry Potter I am writing the first
chapter of Harry Potter the seventh book
I made this up oh my god oh my god see
guys I used to write stuff I used to
write little but they was a Bertie Botts
every flavor beans this is a poster of
Diagon Alley that I made but uh we're
not shotgun this Peter pack Peter Rabbit
cut China China where shotgun shotgun
thank you very much
mum dad of shotgunned she'd blow on my
god on my board says to blow oh my god
she remembers cheap so exciting I feel
like I'm getting so many cobwebs in my
hair right out look at this cute picture
of moon Joe oh look you also found this
which is probably Joe's it says baby's
diary hmm
mine too Zoe
half a third birthday three three three
who made this for me do you go over to
Becky and Daniel and Sarah Ben oh my god
I soaked you okay let's have a look this
is me and all my sorry Elizabeth sug two
eight oh three nine oh yeah like just
blown your mind I was born at 6:50 a.m.
with my mom's handwriting is bloody good
six pounds 13 ounces brown hair blue
eyes 52 centimeters long why did you
pick Zoey Zoey because it was a pretty
name and Lizabeth after her great granny
chapman oh so he's sleeping in her cot
look at my mouth
zowie at three weeks
oh oh my god oh my god my hair that's my
hair okay so we got four weeks having a
bar that Teddy is as big as me baby's
first okay let's see baby's first words
Dada
Mumma doggy James drinkies Nina yellow
at 17 months September yogurt spoon
shoes socks Joseph bread biscuit cake
Smarties out up-down book jigsaw cow
sheep duck stubby Adam sleep bath soap
Nanna granddad James juice biscuit work
baby monkey ring 17 months aside saying
things so we took her first three steps
on Thursday the 25th of April 1991 by
Saturday she could walk on her own but
was still unsteady by May the 20th I was
walking well and most the time and by
the end of May she really was walking
non-stop and hardly ever called on June
24th what so his first proper hard solid
shoes from fight firemen hardy and
Willis and Chippenham they were white
sandals with pink and Mobe stitching and
cost $12.99 there I am hello baby's
first mischief Oh No
11 months pulling out all the CDs from
the shelf 15 months opening cupboard
doors and pulling out cereal pockets in
brackets Golden Grahams oh my god I
still love those favorite clothes pretty
party dress floral dress age' for she
became adamant that she wanted to wear
any dresses not trousers as they offer
boys law so he's hair age 3 oh my God
look how blonde that is that's like my
hair now what's this so he's hair from
fringe aged one I had a lot of freaking
hair if she could just cut that oh my
god it feels really weird to me that I'm
stroking the hair of like my child
my like ooh my hair for when I was
little helps polish and dust at 17
months tidies toys helps mummy with
Joseph giving him toys and handing mummy
nappies first attempt at wiping up and
starting school and on January 1985
Monday 9:00 a.m. arrived at school with
Alex with Alex oh oh we have right
school together on the first day whether
fine but cold school until twelve Zoey
enjoyed it very much started full-time
two three on January 30th new friends so
it made lots of new friends which you
started play school her favorite was
Alex ship but then there was Emily
gulley furred freya Healey Adam Shipman
Vicki flower ma Polly blank Sarah Jane
fall started to use the potty fully
trained by February I was one when I was
using the potty what the hell
January 21st 1992 I was one I started to
use the potty fully trained by February
so I was fully trained at 1 years old to
use a potty that is not normal winter
time fast type snow huh oh my god guys I
have just found the freaking book I
wrote that I always talked about but I
said I couldn't find no always breaking
god I've just found it it's called boys
bums and the family from hell by zoe sag
this is the front cover that I drew is
he he was older than Ali then Maisie he
was younger than the dog oh my God look
I've done it like I've done it like a
blog post 7 p.m. 10 reasons why it's
hard to push you 23 oh this is exactly
the kind of style I've done my new book
in they never seem to tell you when they
want to go when they do they just do it
in their nappies oh my god guys this is
the book I wrote look how much stuff
there is I don't think I ever finished
it
I am so taking this with me look at the
freaking size of that oh my gosh okay
how old was I when I did I must have it
about 15 14 15 when I wrote this we're
now leave it what
what do you mean not get any more
followers on Twitter
Oh everyone go follow at daddy sug on
Twitter you didn't know slowing digit
okay so me and I'll fear leaving now I'm
taking back with me a lot of stuff that
I found in the Attic
and some bugs and things oh no I need
any more mugs but thanks for having to
start thanks for the delicious roast
okay got a roast baby now Freeman
well he'll always eat it cuz it's
delicious delicioso
going out Fred alvey's not going to
London now because you're going to go on
ITV IDB itv live look Amy look so smart
I like this it's like look smart
I just bought a galaxy's soft really
nice and soft
he's chewing on a piece of plastic I'm
not the only one when you buy new
clothes you know a little bit that comes
in there I always do it
what if you swallow it oh god chica lo
McDonald's but um Alfie got to drink it
they love it a lot
okay Alfie got to drink so they kind of
last me the trip home because I do like
a sprite zero from McDonald's only one
McDonald's you're drinking it though you
said you didn't want to drink
I wish you got chicken nuggets yeah I
have a feeling you're gonna just drink
all of that without realizing mostly
gone already
Alfie no one good it's gotta last me
three hours
I'm hi haha
look II know Boise there's a bit of a
mess down here have you think of boys
have you would you like some bread oh
you both look more and more similar as
time goes on okay I'm gonna get to the
funnies now although you've already been
fed today greedyguts I have just
uploaded my log oh this is probably not
a good angle I've just separated my vlog
and I have just been on skype to Louise
for how long were we on skype for let me
see 1 hour and 27 minutes and 29 seconds
so that is what I have been doing this
evening um it was super nice to catch up
with Louise oh there are so many
comments in my videos that are like why
aren't you friends with Louise anymore
mom I am friends with Louise guys it's
just that I've been very busy
she obviously has her things she's doing
back at home and we have arranged to see
each other it just so happens that we
haven't seen each other yet but it
doesn't mean we're still not best
friends or that something's happened
nothing's happened we still talk to each
other we still love each other very much
so you can stop doing that now thank you
anyway I'm gonna go to sleep I've got
quite a bad headache um I think maybe I
just haven't drunk enough fluids today
um so I'm gonna have a big pint of water
and I think I might go to sleep and have
a little bit of early night Alfie's in
London I think with Jamal doing
something I wish I remembered why I
should really listen to him more he was
like I'm going to just do this thing
with Jamal and it sounds really cool and
I was like yeah that sounds awesome I
don't remember what it was anyway he'll
probably be home at like ridiculous
ridiculous o'clock in the morning turn
on all the lights and tell me all about
it maybe I'll vlog for you then and you
can experience what I experienced when
Alfie comes in from a night out which is
not quietness or stealth stealthy
being stealthy is being quiet right yeah
I think so
so yes that is very excited and I'm
going to go to bed good
