good morning everybody today I wanted to
do a vlog because I am going to go
shopping which I thought was a really
nice child fun day and also it makes me
feel as though you guys are coming with
me and we're having a giant mammoth
shopping session however I'm not going
by myself
I'm going with the ever so gorgeous Anna
of the Saucony Jodie's or just anna
Sakuni Jodie um if you've watched my
vlogs and out these vlogs you will know
who they are you're right Elfie Oh Stan
- your items gonna start on my header
all my physical I do you know why don't
you cuz you had your eyes shut and you
were lying down that morning if I could
do that to you every morning I would
trample my eyes to get you up yeah no
you got stop good not a dirty my hair
just not tonight
just said you did to me yeah conatus
comin oh yeah
another she knows not to run across my
head but she does it does
she's just biting your hair anyway I'm
about to go shopping and you these two
crazies here Hey oh goodness okay you're
in a really hyper mood and you're biting
my clothes okay time to leave time to
leave evacuate evacuate hit it go do a
little outfit of the day before I left
so my coat is from Topshop about two
years ago I think but I love it so much
and it's like what do you call that like
looks like your sofa yeah actually yeah
I blend right into my sofa and I roll
the sleeves up and then I think I've got
like a cropped jumper so it quite
slouchy and it's got a roll neck what we
got into the jumper and just a plain ah
just finish your Brian and I would
a little prettier I then got these which
are Germany jeans from Topshop they're
like high-waisted ones I think these are
like my new favorite jeans we've got
little pockets on the back and cutouts
on the knee yeah that guy's new favorite
teen so we never used to wear jeans
until I made her and now I make me you
just said one day all those that really
nice and you know I was like maybe go to
and and then I have some boots on which
are brand new which is why they didn't
we super shiny and quite unworn
and these from a soft um so that is my
outfit oh and my handbag and all our
washing just up there in case you wanted
to see it Mike and this is wrong Topshop
oh I've got sense from a sauce so estas
- Topshop a sauce topped off Topshop
basically just living into option
releases right now
oh and my lipstick is what they're one
of my wire sell ones but I'll maybe link
everything in the description box for
you if I remember bye we need your
camera there you go Thanks it's that
really horrible weather today where it's
like spitty rain well it's not even rain
it's just spitty
bits of wet the sort of weather that
makes your hair go frizzy so I'm really
glad we're going to blue waters all
inside shopping I'm so excited
gonna set off now and I'll see you know
get ready
yay we've made it a blue water although
the weather on the way was terrible we
just think we were going to die I swear
to Travis sweat roll on I think I do say
sweat pants no joggers jogger
joggers I'm trying to like rage of my
life
of all so Anna's found and eight dog
wait go yet eight dog Charles Charl
it looks like a child yeah with the pink
spots you have a bit like Charles
Charles roll the tart rather L on the
tongue yeah
child this that's pretty cool oh yeah I
want to get me well I think music I have
like actual work it where I need to get
working where . yeah there's quite a lot
in hands nice choice and some beach
stuff yeah just trying to find some sexy
Irish night where Jonathan's a lucky man
I always worry I'll get this from me I'm
not Irish kiss me anyway that is
actually I like that with yeah this I
think is quick
so your face turning oh yeah no Anna is
in our element we've come to the TV shop
look at these they're like big girl
Barbies oh my god Zoe found a new dress
it actually is like it would fit great
material and well I like Cinderella
although Cinderella
is that Cinderella no that looks like
Aurora Christmas oh my
oh yeah that's a bit too small for me
we've decided to have a little bit of a
what would you call it
pitstop food break into star energy
boost
we're in bills and I've gone for my
favorite what's this called pink
lemonade no float and anna has a diet
coke that's not so boring I've got
better lemon in there quite exotic this
is frothing
cute it's really delicious
yummy yummy yummy yours definitely looks
a lot healthier than mine I'm getting
dessert
oh my god it's Tyler hi zero
Ariana's eyes Yeah right do you want I
said the same color those yeah I'll do
the lips because I've got no lipstick on
Oh Ana beautiful oh my god
are we doing this right oh is this what
we're supposed to be doing I love it
it's like Ariana's eyes Kyra's lip who's
the tile his glasses and this random
person we're just going through this
magazine is called shout social woohoo
team internet takeover it's quite
interesting actually it's quite fun but
this is a massive poster of Alfie that
I'm going to put above my beds when I
get home um here's a OTP you're gonna
wear this so much sticker on do
you want dinosaur okay yeah or do you
want I choose the sublights do you go uh
nothing
okay I'm gonna have loved this you know
TP I should have got that liking for a
media oh yeah cuz she would like know
some of the people in it
this is all right you wouldn't know it
if you read it like I've made the
stickers myself I want Miranda's lips so
sweet actually almost looks real similar
yeah it almost looks real that's so
weird
no I've I smudged all on my face no it's
just like for and off so real
myself into evidence winters Oh what
they actually do to rekey I just want to
show you that is a cockerel is says my
book in amongst all the Berkeley
we just had a little starbucks top and
has got a coffee and she's not in focus
and a little muffin and i had a rocky
road which i was a little and as always
pointed out whenever i have anything to
eat I always leave the tiny PDM like
never notice that I don't know why I do
it
I think it's like a psychological thing
I'm just like I'm done now there's a
little bit left it's really good though
I'm probably not supposed to finish
everything is on fire chef's half in my
back
we're just discussing having babies
neither of us a pregnant neither of us
planned have babies anytime soon
interesting chocolate is actually very
interesting because a lot of women you
to have babies so like I mean what what
secret for guys to the bone
I mean they don't do this yeah yeah yeah
got you I kind of have expected you not
supply you probably bought the camera
but the jacks you got yeah we blog late
and I love today - yeah I'll see the way
back now from shopping and Jonathan is
just a scorching uh Frank is in it we're
coming to say goodnight to Amedeo
Eduardo cuz obviously it's passed at
that time though I mean I might just
live it look befall I'll just grab my
messy series of farming stuff look good
make my so nice and warm
oh I missed you bring a people oh oh you
got the phones up right now oh they're
so pretty like that
every box you're gonna fit them all in
my hair like this oh wow do I look so
pretty
Wow yeah that's great I know this isn't
my room oh yeah there's one thing to
wipe your nose on knock hello hello are
you trying to stand up we're doing
mister what are you doing
have you found a little corner to hide
yeah Oh what ba Dada
she's like an Irishman see Dada da Dada
it looks like he's on a little sleigh it
is a little pink slave so de grado de
dah
she's like I can do that
Oh
what book join me to reach a one with a
doggie
what's yours LEP Tosh hey hello you
one the dark one oh my god
oh she's picking scary well that's a
good white early oh he doesn't look like
your basement I know we just have your
game this is what happens after Anna and
Jonathan's rogue ends yeah this is like
me carry on
yeah carry on ciccone children carry on
um they were just way too much annoyed
on this it's fruit to nut and we're
talking about um fuzzy dig and Jonathan
went short so I went only if you've got
any words and he was no fruit remember
say look what he brought out and he
doesn't share his chocolate with anybody
oh well then I feel very privileged me
he doesn't like did this for me right
yeah yeah I'm thinking the same I'm now
home and I'm back with my beloved my
beloved I want true love I'm saying that
wait one true pairing you're my one true
pairing I had the nicest day with Anna
look at that it was aa little pug
yawning oh my god but it's so cute um it
was just really nice we just chilled and
chatted and it was so relaxed as well
like town wasn't massively busy and town
we didn't go to timeout to blue water I
know I just saw that looks really funny
how he's showing me things on Facebook
haha
and yeah it was just super super lovely
and I had a really amazing day I love
our so much I feel like we're so on the
same page with so many things and we had
a really funny fun day I liked it there
here I like that there up the road means
we can all hang out do fun stuff because
I like them they're really nice people
anyway um and it was also really nice
hanging out with Jonathan when we got
back as well we always have like such
deep chats and then before I know it I
look at the clock and I'm like it's
midnight I should probably go um so I've
it's 1:00 a.m. now and what else was I
gonna say I think I just wanted to end
there I hope you've enjoyed this vlog
and I hope that you have had an amazing
day and I love you very much and I'll
see you very soon
hi say bye goodnight cool alright so
that well oh yes I'm good my magic magic
remember
