just read the guinea-pigs I put some
spinach in their little wall look at
Percy he's so cute
oh good exercise for your boy mmm you
new guinea pigs could stand on their
hind legs when they really want
something they'll do it I've also put
some down here
but Percy prefers to take out the ball
because he's much more playful whereas
Pippin is lazy and just eats out of the
pile as you can see their little ball
went down a treat they've literally
devoured the whole thing they absolutely
love those balls a little card arrived
in the post yesterday do excuse this one
this one is from Sean but our Weaver his
birthday but this one arrived and it's
for alfie but I opened it anyway because
he's not here and he's not going to be
here until Sunday night so I thought I'd
open it and then he can see it in the
vlog it's from my mum and it says dear
Alfie happy birthday have a great day
with lot with love and best wishes Tracy
couldn't find a card with a pug on so
this is the next best that is a cute ass
guinea pig it looks like Pippin so cute
called his cards cars and balloons it's
actually afternoon now just um I have
been really busy this morning I've been
tidying looking very nice um I think
Ian's everywhere lovely lovely lovely
and I have also just been trying to sort
out lots of things I want to film too
bit main channel videos today because
I'm as I said I'm going away for the
weekend so I would really love to have
it up and ready to go before I left so
then I didn't have to worry about it and
also the internet back at home is
rubbish compared to here so I'm not too
sure how that will upload I'm just about
to make myself some lunch I've got a
spare igus and whatsoever whatsoever
whatsoever I can't say it mozzarella
ravioli and some dummy your son opened
it tomato and buzzer buzz
rassee Olli embosser whoa
mmm so I'm gonna have Shana sh and SH
mother SH and some fresh tomatoes
methinks but I need to boil the old
kettle first and get some get some
boiling water on the go so I can pop and
pasture in there the reason I'm going on
my make up yet is because I want to do a
makeup tutorial I've been wearing that
dark I'm kind of purply red lip and I
want to do like an autumn inspired
makeup look and a lot of you have really
been liking it on my blog so I thought
I'd do that on my main channel so I'm
going to attempt to do that a bit on umm
and yeah and the other one I kind of
want to do like an autumn boy who is it
it is Alfie sister hi I've just done a
tutorial video which will be going up on
Sunday for this look that I have done
here it's quite brave um and a bit more
bold but I am loving dark lips right now
so I wanted you guys to have the option
to do this as the autumn comes around
and Carrie helped me film
because I find tutorials so hard to film
because you have to kind of zoom in for
the eye and then you have to make sure
your focus and I move around a lot so
Carrie was behind going focus moving
back it was so much easier with someone
helping me I can tell you that
so I'll edit that later tonight and have
that ready to go by Sunday um I believe
Tania and Jim have made their way down
to Brighton and they are with Marcus
anomie now having some lunch so I'll
probably pop out and meet them in a bit
and I will obviously bring you with me
motion if I was like and I'm going to
leave you here and I'm not going to film
any of it you'd be really sad wouldn't
you yeah anyway I am going to finish off
some more work stuff and then I will
meet to you with Tanya Jim know me and
Marcus
and I believe they near the horror house
I just got my phone away I get really
paranoid that I'm going to drop it to
the cracks and yeah
and it's quite nice being on it went
soft really windy and I think I'm going
to get run over to swim to my head I
think it's all done my hair was
Danish plop
and I went can everyone after me right
west on langa oh my God my legs walking
so quickly
twist
yeah I had to drop you know I left the
contact lenses let us take up my
continent look at my hand here yeah
that's a moment so you might be
wondering where obvious well there is
the boys all right can you see them
how was that deep else it might make you
stop and going the other way though yeah
a lot of pressure on this region around
your nether region
okay how much shall have my sin love it
very nice relaxing both feet it's such a
nice day today it's not to Midian also
it's not that big today tomorrow
eponymous rim min Gemma found some deck
chairs look at him maxin relaxin a to
Tenten ah no no not as much as you
behind me what are you doing back there
Wow Dominika guys on marketing
okay it's a it's a lot harder than you
think oh that was passion in that I got
it don't worry that was hard
no pressure
for me tonight
oh that means tanzanite impress me
okay so we're at the pac-man smash
hockey and it's narco Smurfs jarnia I
have a feeling Tyler's gonna take this
game very seriously let me just warn you
this is the most exciting
just like to feel big and we found work
say what do I do you put it in salt our
here nice and do what I tell you it is
true the smallest good diction better
than the grandest intention take it for
me the great so far
intending some ruins of my doing yes
that will bring you much much reward now
who hides Akhtar more treasures I will
provide the dance of wisdom take it from
me oh hey good now I'm gonna go to bed
and wake up big big doing this I said so
Ella I was like well that's good what
does it say I wanted to focus today
you've been wired you usually have
orange Minotaur be sharing with you your
fortune so they can pause every day your
heart may be pleasant slow your mark
your heart may be pleased to know that
there is many a good man to be found
under a shabby hat it wasn't he wants a
ride in my car
let's go we go I know
I still a thing in the crazy throat
having a photo taken and the little
doggies come in for the photo and this
girl's doggy in he's good Oswald
oh I just gave him stood here
you can't take in time just hop thank
you okay sorry saw Thomas you're never
gonna have your dog back now I'm sorry I
think he likes me more than you anyway
hey bye - goodbye lover goodbye my
doggie friend use how much he really
just like became my best friend in like
five seconds he has been the one he has
been the one for you yeah goodbye my
mongrels
the ice creams but yeah stop do you know
what you're gonna get hi my eyes it's
like oh this is like without chewing for
the ice cream myself and tongue got ice
cream it was like this so I've gone for
caramello and some cream and Khan has to
mercy tiramisu and caramel ride she
thought it tasted alcoholic it does
taste quite alcoholic really only one
survives every there's people in the
beach in the sea look crazy quick let's
do so most beautiful so I'm gonna see it
this time of day I mustn't it hmm what
the Sun that's right that
you know it's just so nice and relaxing
here then let alone the power by the way
that's why I live here I love it tom has
ice cream down her legs already
Jim just go stuff tiny bear is no today
Jim it will take that king of skins I'm
not Lucas we're just chillin lying on
the beach so comfortable norty okay
right that's it the boys have been
throwing stones into the sea they're
really good at it they can do it all the
way from here I can't do it watch
is it under armor over on us as far as I
can get it uh I need to go up don't I
I'm gonna go like a bit lighter so I you
go up yeah yeah pop more Oh
getting there may be a happier one so
happy okay heavier what oh okay now
let's try we've got movement now you I
want to stand up that's on the bar yeah
you need a strain like that a big round
one
no go on
no burn we chose I'm making marker sign
up for quick check because it's so much
fun you've got their bags ha ha
do you fancy game with supermarket sweep
yes did you run bit up friend okay
you have to find the inflatable banana
let it go no no okay last one to find
cottage cheese
that's cheating
wait touch my food as stenographer cut
the cheese
Lera see it might be in there where is
it two last ones fine
brown rice I've let you go fast don't
know what I'll fix you out the way I'm
going to go down oh no that's not fair
deal round battle T right
alright I'll let you have that first one
to find
Cadbury's chocolate crunchies
oh it's not restarted gonna top it off
Timberlake I mean stop running what
these hmm I quite want some of these now
my favorite I like these are like these
are all of these night I've ever had
those Oh hmm oh my goodness
look what I have found in a UK
supermarket ranch dressing early very
excited I've got some and some tampons
whoo yeah
Bethenny Devorah Jim oh there's
Christmas stuff in Waitrose and red
they're still deciding what they need to
make the perfect fajitas think wisdom is
an art to it the real art to the
reasonings yes like oh you think I'm
gonna Zoe Zoe will help me stand there
guys can I get some Peppa Pig spaghetti
for my dinner Thanks
I used to love picking my spaghetti well
I used to have the Thomas the Tank
Engine
what sauerkraut cabbage yeah pretty much
none like salad kind of kind of people's
stuff
does anyone want to do the baby food
challenge with it oh it looks as much in
would you be a jelly eat bro oh look at
that it looks like everything Dexter
where am i yeah you open that smell oh
yeah okay go on my thing back at Marks
and Amy's now what did we do to you Tong
how do they know anything no oh they've
is just totally pranked me and if
there's like 10 minutes of the funniest
fit is you love everything you have the
grover Teutons channel to see it it is
from her perspective hello I'm home
alone in this flat that I haven't I've
only ever been here like an hour before
I think I've never say to have no happen
so and then the bell rings and I don't
even know where it was I was like oh my
god oh my god oh my god Lois I here
can't be these guys as long as they have
house keys and they've got all the way
to wait Rose so I picked it up it's a
little girls voice saying this when I am
your marks live and I thought that it
was a viewer so I was like oh just moved
here and don't people knowing where they
live and then they were like is that
Tonya and it just sounded just like a
little girl so I was totally freaked out
and then you can see all this like the
whole conversation I'm having on the
phone on a channel it's really funny and
then I just did it a second time because
I was born you are looking more like and
we tell her it was arts because she was
like no I thought was you guys I redid a
wreath like with you guys we were like
oh when do we tell her it was actually
uh and then Jim was like you sneak back
out and do it gastrin sorry yeah such
the devil isn't it just me and um yeah I
don't even all this though he was the
voice always there always and I
literally tear the most yeah you got
they can hear your voice on my video
yeah yeah I don't I got on really weird
voices like I can do some quite good
voices yeah you can that's why I was
allotted the voice of the girl and then
I did it again and then that was my way
of being like Tom that was me she didn't
really get it so she was like was how
YouTube fennels like yeah and she's like
is that you before knows like yeah
so now it is my mission to prank Zoe
tonight so tan is now gonna try and
prank me it might be hard considering
she knows she's gonna get pranked she
asked me how she could prank me as well
that was the best bit I'm just gonna
like you're gonna go and confer with me
other contestants gonna try make you
jump or something oh okay shall I carry
on staying here then good bye guys enjoy
the film
I'm leaving now because I've got lots of
stuff to do before tomorrow bye Jim Oh
pick us something to watch quickly
points it one in-depth choice from this
guy's I don't know that's hard
give it that's really hard okay Marcus
is giving me a lift home because that's
the safe way to do it no the wrong
you're dark and like skinny bitch yeah
you know what it feels like look it up
but yeah bit jealous lucky but what is
Li the most comfortable thing but they
are very gaining on the penis there
let's zoom up okay I'm going off home
now and I think I'm gonna end my vlog
here everyone say goodbye to the vlog
thank you very much for watching we love
you loads and we'll see you very soon
expressing anyone maybe
and I'm not very fine I'm leaving
