oh hey kiss I don't know if it's focused
Alfie hi everyone hi everyone so I want
to vlog today because I feel like today
is quite a big day in zoella history as
you know I have long hair ombre hair and
I've had this for a really long time I
think it was the end of 2011 that I got
on braid possibly that's a long time for
you very long for years the same thing
every day
and it got to the point where all I was
doing was throwing up in a ponytail or a
high bun like you would have seen in a
lot of vlogs a lot of videos it's shoved
up and I just I kind of grew to just
hate it having long hair has its ups and
has its downs drying it takes nine hours
I have to start like an hour and a half
like in advance if I want to do anything
to it like properly like I want to curl
it or something and it just got to the
point where my life got busier I got a
puppy for one that takes up a lot of
time I just never had time to do my hair
and I always just scraped up and I just
grew to hate it not my not all my hair
just the length of it the time it took
and actually it's like wearing the same
outfit every day oh yeah repetitive well
for four years as well it all breaks
away hence why the end is so look at
that
it's like one of those things you know
what menus and they go like that on
their shave they're even so today I'm
getting my hair cut
now I've toyed with the idea on and off
for six months my probably like six to
eight months between your hand Lauren
hair can actually make you look a bit
drowned out right a bit drowned by hair
like sometimes I think I look like that
woman off the ring you know the one
that's dead that crawls out the well I
do go a bit prone over like that and I
just wanted to change 2015 is the year
for change and I'm gonna make that
change today and I gotta cut my hair I
gotta cut it you're not gonna cut it
I've got to say I'm really excited I
keep getting excited butterflies I'm
also
really nervous because what if I hate it
I feel I don't think you will I feel
like I've thought about it so much but I
can't hate it yeah you've got so much
hair but if you didn't like it you could
cut it into another soil that you could
like like you could just keep on working
with that also I guess for girls if I
really hate it I could just get
extensions if I went too short though I
want to know
no stop worrying yourself okay I like it
okay let's do this come you ready you
ready for this change I'm gonna look
like a whore no a woman feels like why
have you done your hair to go to a
hairdressers yeah I've ordered to do the
last long plat but I'm ever gonna do for
a while can you have to get outside a
helicopter it okay let's go I don't know
if you've noticed but I got a new camera
I'll be good at recess I did and I did
the quality's better but you let me know
you was wasting our money I might say
we're a crop top today I thought wearing
high-waisted jeans dress on yeah let's
go look at that it looks pretty irene
want to go in like i say it looks cool
anyway look how long it is right this is
before and after it looks oh no
like literally like a ruinous 12 inches
yeah it's gotta be like 30 inches yeah
kind of my lovin we decided to not go so
short because I thought that would have
been Gary but we've taken off literally
how much reckon half man I think it
looks so much better it feels so much
healthier thanks so much to food it just
feels so weird like it's not like all
the way down here and 50 here I can I
can see myself wanting to keep going
yeah now we are in gbk and Alfredo
yeah yeah yeah forehead it's just your
hair with so long I don't know why I
didn't do this sooner when I weep in
there are just like there wasn't one
block we didn't
I did text my mom they're like my honey
my haircut she was like foods arrived
look at that what have you got chicken
burger with bacon and cheeky bit I've
come for the classic but these chicks
the one aren't they
I'm gonna be healthy but you're always
trying to be healthy they're so skinny I
mean surely that's not even like one
calorie
I bet it is in you that is I bet that
calories in oh man this is like the best
it's garlic man it's so good although
you are gonna taste garlicky for like
three days for real
okay I know it says your hairs come off
you're going to all that in there fellow
enough is like maybe a work total you
are say you're going taller we're just
gonna pop into all of the bonus and I
would be very shocked because I do like
oh yeah I've got you a present
earlier did you every coat pocket I
think if you have a dog you're totally
relate that
and then we're gonna head out tonight I
don't mean they don't doesn't pose
it's so cold oh my goodness we've got a
rhubarb and custard sweet in my mouth
just take one from posh totty
the little shop in Brighton because my
breath stops so garlicky I qualities of
garlic
um I'll be spanks a ticket Kerry times
look at him
start nerds up oh yeah look at him go
the underground carpark
catwalk here is Alfie deyes
it's gonna pull down trails of booty at
you and then I look to my right nose
like a seven-year-old girl sitting in
the car smiling at me
Hauser oh maybe not you don't do those
things on impulse what it planned
I'm never gonna plan a Mooney lavon's
maybe you won't yes
what do you avoid your hope till you
drive it
hey hey hello oh you product my hair oh
you in a bit of a mischievous mood
mischievous mood look a little Percy I
went into Oliver bonus and I bought a
few little bits and pieces so I just
thought I would share them with you this
is a little nibbles dish so you put
either two types of nibbles or crisps
and a dip and it's actually metal tuning
and it has a bit of copper in it if any
of you have seen my most recent haul
video you will know I have a slight
obsession with copper right now so
Oliver bonus kind of supplying me with
my copper habit I also got this which
I'm gonna put either on my dressing
table or I'm gonna put next to my beds
where I take off like rings bracelets
earrings watch or memory cards and
things that I have in the daytime so I
really like that what she's lost
something on under this what are you
doing so that's cute and the last thing
is this big copper metal vars I don't
have any buzzers like this where you can
literally just put like a few single
flowers in there so I thought that was
really really nice and again I feel like
this is something that could go on my
dressing table that's definitely not
annoying when I'm vlogging so yeah those
were my three copper parts I just got
this in my pa box because I've been
going through all my peer box stuff
today and look I'm on the front cover of
the top of the pops magazine and this is
the article inside where's Percy in this
Pippin and it's just like an a to Zed of
me basically oh is for One Direction in
other things delivered to my peer box I
got black scented toilet roll not sure
how I feel about this I mean crazy
concept smells really good though
although sniffing toilet paper seems a
little odd this is lit Jesus at old
times guys the
time zowie starts vlogging again she
falls asleep and forgets to end a vlog
so I'm going to end it for her
thank you for watching guys if you
enjoyed it give it a thumbs up and she
will see you sometime soon
good morning
- bye I completely forgot to end my vlog
yesterday so I think Alfie ended it for
me I'm gonna put two days into what I
think because I'm gonna film today as
well just have some lunch
Nola's looking at the guinea pigs right
now I think she's quite confused by them
I think she I think she knows they're
not toys but she's not quite sure what
they are because when I'm playing with
the guinea pig she gets really jealous
which i think is the one time she
realizes they're actual creatures she's
licking my feet but besides that she
just kind of watches them and she's like
a toy and then it'll move with you
brother wait I don't think that's a toy
but it's quite funny to watch their
their relationships building and
gnarley' discovering what the guinea
pigs are the guinea pigs are not fast
bonala in the slightest well though
Pippin
who's normally the shyest of the guinea
pigs Persis like he loves humans you can
pick Percy up and give him a cuddle in a
fall asleep on you Pippins a lot more
like leave me in my cage don't touch me
and he is actually showing way more
interest in Nala than Percy this
probably isn't interesting but I find it
interesting because they're all my my
little beings so I haven't really daily
vlog too much on this channel I think
it's interesting for sure when you
document your life whether that's daily
or weekly or whenever you want me I
think it's always really interesting not
just for you guys if it is interesting I
don't even really know for my family and
also for me to watch back and remember
all these insane moments so I do want to
start up again I don't know
I'm gonna do I've definitely do daily
because if I set myself that challenge I
will fail and I feel like I'm failing
you and letting you down and that's I
think one of the reasons I get most
stressed out about it because I'm like
no no log no one logo need to do a vlog
so I think I'm just gonna vlog when I
feel like it and if that's every single
day of the week then call if that's
three days bundled into one then call
basically just don't have really high
expectations of me on this channel and I
just want to enjoy it and upload when I
want what I want I can't say that every
day will be really exciting but for me I
love watching the vlogs where like
people are at home chilling I like
seeing what people bought Waitrose hello
is that your con is there something in
it that you're trying to get out it
keeps them entertained for hours if only
they made these for Alfie's there's
Alfredo come in to get Sean a birthday
cake
Murthy is especially today but we have
to see him until Friday we're all going
out for a nice meal
Alfie's causing hi visit toxic havoc in
lakeland if you are dropping everything
I like the look of this a lot look it's
a pinata cake so you make the cake and
then you fill it what you want
Oh sir I don't think it's made like this
on tumblr I think this is like they've
tried to make it like a quick a quick
way of doing it but I don't know cookie
cups hot see I just didn't ever know any
of this existed this is like my favorite
section in Lakeland the coke look at
this little YouTube section there's
roots there's mine there's some and
Nick's and there's tons just let you
guys know as well I don't know if you've
actually seen I've released a new makeup
bag and it's this one I actually think
this is my favorite of the three
although that coming order now I do like
them all but this one says just say yes
and it's in like a baby pink with like
little gold thingies so right there if
you run it and I use mine prove all of
it because I've made it but you know
like I love me more than Kanye loves
Kanye I love you more than Kim loves Kim
I love you more than Bieber that's Eva
Valentine's Day seems I have no idea
what to get out in for Valentine's Day
so no those kind of like nan days that
kind of just got invented which might I
mean didn't we actually engage with or
anything all right no you said you're
gonna spend a million pounds no I just I
think a card is nice
we've got Shawn his presents boys are
really hard to buy for and now we Sean's
birthday cake which we've got from
what's it called Julian this milks gone
up today he's not gonna watch how do you
know you can't say anything I guess he
watches we have got Shawn a cake at all
look how amazing these look look at all
the macaroons haven't picked up Shawn a
birthday cake what you're on about that
it's not a birthday cake this is my life
you're always five paces behind Alfie
because he walks so I'm one step ahead
as a game in life I just can't keep up
with him look it's big long lanky legs
just riding off into the distance
like I can't keep up with him effort and
I always say Alfie slow down we're doing
casual strolling I can smell illegal
substances and we're back from town and
up he's got out dinner with his friends
and just take another on a walk and now
I'm just sat watching ciccone Jolie's
old videos on my TV and look Anna's got
long hair I don't think you can see look
and I'm gonna edit this vlog now and I'm
gonna upload it so you can watch it so
thank you so much for watching
I'm just become very soon Nonna's going
crazy
