good morning it's four minutes past 6:00
I've been up for dredging it oh I need
to get ready I'm so nervous
oh and I'm also it's very tight oh it's
a cheery right crying Inger hello
everyone on my way to work I didn't
really sleep very well wish you a very
that like when you know you have to have
a set time for waking up and checking
what your phone is still set to the
right time and like checking the time
then having really weird messed-up
dreams that was essentially my night and
so I feel like I didn't actually get any
sleep well really because okay wha-ho
talents that is shockingly bad last
night said it would take five thousand
minutes upload my vlog and that was like
through the night so I was using my 4G
which probably means I have note 4g left
I just did you brush my hair haven't
done my hair yeah also my alarm went off
at like 5:45 even though I woke up at
509 and I was like I had still got a bit
of time to go and then because it keeps
running out of battery it went off for
about two seconds and then it stopped
and I was like oh so if it were not
actually before my alarm went off it's
gonna be a whole other story today so
that's a bit scary anyway I need to go I
need to get ready to go and I will see
you later bye hello it is the next day I
have done lots of filming and no filming
on this camera which is really naughty
of me I'm very sorry I'm going to
combine the two together I think as one
day because I couldn't film anything of
any of the days that I've just done I
made no sense anyway
I'm home now and look who's here
it feels really weird to have you here
my like because I feel weird being here
after like seeing your place in so many
videos I'm actually here
I'm right toolss it never wanted to
leave place more in her life I love your
house lovely and I love your guinea pigs
it was really cute I'm so happy I'm here
she hates me and his LC eating a
nectarine trees put that again oh my god
is that put it move it further away now
smile yeah so freakin crazy
we're about to go out for a meal I'm
very excited about this even though I
might have to hold my eyelids open
because I'm so tired
and then this table in the world in the
restaurant we've only got one small
table left that's okay
it'll be nice and cozy and then it's
your birthday tomorrow hmm
I've got your presents in a bag
somewhere in the don't fit in one bag
yeah you bein serious
o-genki
see if you can find them think we got
one of them fun you already told me over
there no no I probably hid from the
other day okay your siren sounding siren
just went off and I thought a child as
being like murdered what do you sound
like we're yeah I got oh I'll have that
too but we have different ones for
different emergency we have a screaming
child so I think that was an ambulance
right oh it looks like a little flat to
pay from here oh please do say I like to
brush me too baby
not so modest
have you been healthy so cute new friend
Pippin yeah except he won't pose for a
selfie so we're having a little bit of a
fight right oh no they wanted a cute
selfie and every time I tried just hold
it just pick him up just forsenboys it
I'll force him to be the selfie and then
we've got a little bit of hair styling
Goyo style on the faux hawk right now
poses food nuts it's not greedy hit the
camera he's got green look at his mouth
he's the big mouth you've got green
round your mouth yummy yummy yummy
here's all my fish it's great massage
for the water Angels I totally do it
watch out for like the pants and the
needles but are you really say like
crabs like yeah there's sand up here
there's the sea
now run in yeah train ride back to
London so c'mon
