good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 12 we're halfway through
already
so this morning I have had a shower wash
my hair done my hair done my makeup
covered this colossal spot and have
edited and uploaded my vlog we've also
had our friends Ryan and Carol over I'll
insert a couple of clips of that in here
now because Alfie took his camera out
and I didn't so I'm hoping Alfie got
some footage Ryan made us both some
BMXers which is so cool she's gonna
blitz the bike I'm talking weird because
I have like wind chill I went out and I
didn't put hat on I didn't put any
gloves on and now I'm really suffering
and I can't hear myself talking but I
have run up here now because I have a
Skype call with my therapist which as I
said a couple of vlogs ago it's always
like my top top priority and then after
that I need to tidy the house a little
bit get it all nice and ready wrap up a
couple more presents for Tanya and
Martha and then Tanya and Jim are coming
over which I'm really excited about I
feel like we haven't seen them in a
really really long time and I absolutely
love hanging out with them I love them
to pieces and we always just have like
the most cozy like festive time I've got
some come bears we're going to be making
pizzas tonight which I'm really excited
about and yeah we're just gonna have
like a chilled afternoon / evening I
think we were planning on going
ice-skating but Todd doesn't actually
like I fit in which for some reason I
didn't know and she was like it's fine
though I can watch you and I was like no
let's just like all chill together
because ultimately that is what we like
to do we like each other's company so it
doesn't really matter what we're doing
they're coming at about 4 o'clock I've
got this cool now I've just got a couple
more worki bits to do after this cool
and then we're all good for the evening
it's gonna be really really nice cool is
done
and tan and Jim are currently on their
way I thought so much to do Alfie is in
town he's picking up Jim's present
because we weren't really too sure what
to get him and Alpha's just found the
perfect thing so I really hope he likes
it and I need to now finish wrapping you
two more of tans presents and markers
but it's now time to blip this room
because it's quite messy right now okay
the living rooms a little bit tidier
I've got some cupcakes out I've got the
quality Street open because I know Tom
loves them and this is potpourri which
I'm hoping no one gets confused by I'm
gonna open my day twelve on the old
chocolate calendar right where are we 12
can you juggle three snowballs
probably not oh this one's not your one
puppy right are we gonna know what this
is today it's an elf
yep I can see that perfect mmm
put this up next Alfie's I keep leaving
it around
for any of you that haven't seen alfea's
vlogs
this is his calendar My Little Pony
movie and yes that was his choice it's
never a Tanya burr and Jim Chapman visit
without a little bit of camembert so I'm
gonna pop some camembert in so then
hopefully when they arrive it will be
just right I think it's the perfect
snack basically Tanya and Jim are here
I'm showing I'm showing ton the photo
tree it's told her to find herself yeah
with two years ago I know how crazy is
that it's gone so quickly yeah I know
be gone there's a massive Fault in the
garden oh where is he gone he's going up
the hill for humans in there yeah I
wonder what they're doing well why is he
gone he's definitely not left the garden
no he can't have just disappeared
cuz would have seen him run oh my god
why is she Bertha there are so many
she's by your door literally she could
have easily put on she's gonna catch
chill okay mr. zubi she should Hey Wow
can you see can you see you he's gone
into the neighbor's garden yeah you've
got the camembert with an assortment of
sides carrot sticks have you tried it
with the horns yet oh look this is great
do you think we're running late so he
calls Saint camembert
come on Barry I'm hungry what we got to
eat how is the corn okay good kind of
that carrot matter well try lettuce leaf
no way I folded it yeah
no you're not gonna that's gonna get
soggy you're beneath thank you one day
time so might you Jim we're gonna get
together it's nice isn't it hmm yeah
have you tried the lettuce leaf yet yeah
I really do yeah I think maybe break in
half that's it now fold it in half yeah
yeah that's why I'm not sure would have
done yeah I really hope you are yes but
usually that's something I would do
would do it like later No Oh earlier no
- like drunk probably for it later
oh yeah I would be just like loads of
cheese wives on the table but probably
something would do that would be like
for the first guess okay well then I'm
gonna be there at 7:00 on the dot shall
I try a strawberry yeah yeah okay I
think I'll wait for the strawberry
that's right
if I like the two things separately yeah
I like a roast and I like chocolate I
wouldn't ask up on a roast
you're not sure look but I mean like I
expect you to make a much worse place
than that oh the strawberry overpowers
that camembert which I don't know how
that happens nobody does anymore
camembert have another day oh the whole
thing would taste of strawberry it
really wasn't as bad as I thought was
gonna be Tom's trying one of my cupcake
yes you want my react yes please so
Christmassy isn't it
Jim's little face by just vanilla and
she's got a little tea in a festive mode
it's very festive right now lovely
literary this is look at that mmm
oh wait get the cup of tea in there you
go ultimate Christmas Mary Thomas Mary
but very unfunny we've started recording
yeah Wow you've got to save me I've got
a little bit carried away I find you
really easy to buy for so didn't realize
how many I'm four years my mum I did can
I just say that master loves opening
presents does she taarna Jim thank God I
got that card
she's like Jim I did get three
yeah and I stopped airing the gifts open
okay count them yeah one two three four
five six seven eight yeah y'all see
you've got me how many don't worry we'll
take you on by you - I'm so excited
once we get what for each other anything
same I would literally laugh so much oh
my god is disappear - I think wack you
know just go straight up straight up
pull it just straight up that's it
this is gorgeous oh my god it's so cute
it's a little oh my god so this is for
Lala like my cards done so I try to get
the price of something of yours put it
right down
let's pray the watering can oh my leg
Nala no you look at it yeah this may be
really quickly all right right there
these are so cute anyway still gym sock
I do anyways little Christmassy oh sorry
I'm just like cool next I'm open
yeah this one is from Allah to me yeah
oh my god I just say this is my parents
right from the fish my parents get those
presents from the fish from like for
cats
I just straight like these and thought
you would really like this man put on
now because I've read it on the keyframe
you guys I'm wearing a skirt
there is one of those mini skirts so
when you sit down I mean Jimin out fear
getting a real iPhone like where you sit
down and it just writes out
oh my god and I have them too no I just
saw these really liked them I mean like
our matching pajamas happy Robins but oh
you have you love penguins
yes also did you know the other day I
was trying to buy pajamas when I was in
Norwich with my mom and dad mesh
couldn't find any that I wanted to rent
into next Eminem I knew you'd was a snob
I just never never nice thank you so
much right here are you okay oh my god I
can be more thankful were you thinking
of them when I'm I was mainly about my
skirt a minute ago were you thinking yes
I was I was gonna say just wait five
minutes and you can put on since I was
really heavily into usually you'll enter
Easter oh yeah but I'm much better at
keeping I'm not you know every time I
come here it's usually from here just
for the day not look as if I'm coming
for a sleepover I bring my own stuff
yeah
but nobody's annoying friends with my
friend Emma never brings chocolates I'm
like you knew you asleep
are they Christmas trees yeah this is oh
my god it is so hard to get a mug right
as well isn't it yeah this is absolutely
gorgeous
no why is the Faceman you go away yeah
no it's your video these are our first
ever time was the Norwich house what
because the boys meaning that's us to
match together I remember and we watched
I wonder around 2013 so for years we've
been doing this yeah the first time so I
know what it is is you don't give me a
bloody charm
I know I favor and so we texted same for
both got our pajamas yeah I always fire
them in and I'm like I need to get now
otherwise no one's like three my god
that is so nice these are like these are
the classiest this is bit of a step up
we didn't see a shirt pajama it's nice
we usually have fleece look at that
these are so cute and then I have mine
upset I haven't opened them yet and I
was waiting and I literally have my
Robin Java collection from yeah and I
still wear but I know
then oldest ones yeah I can't bear to
throw mine away
I feel like if I throw them away it's a
bad omen on our
 yeah so I have to keep Mako so any
reason we're still together the sketch
show yeah and you've got this one should
I open this yeah oh yeah unless you want
to think about the Martha it's like the
main reason no no sorry I couldn't see
like all glittery oh my god oh my god no
it's it's tiny little I think and we're
all that's why I bought me one in nature
of you and then you've got the green
ones we've got matching I love them
although I have to say as you've got all
silver in right now no don't
Reggie not one of them is race course I
like to be mismatched I put it with you
to Bruce Scott oh yeah I got it so yeah
I won't need that
oh I don't you shouldn't do you not get
I absolutely love it and I don't love I
love stars or Sun or moon earrings
especially mean you might got me and
gloomy moon earrings once a while ago
didn't you huh so this black or green
green like a dark green so I don't know
what the terms are I've forgotten
I'll fret there our friendship area
thank you I love all of my presents so
MA
did you want to pay for Martha's yeah
this one's like my favorite
it looks very crazy this week a triad
she will do or lose her mind one half
he's in the plays over time Catherine
she will like this is so cute she will
absolutely love that she really welcome
Eric oh my god turkey chestnut and time
Christmas trees I might eat these on the
way home Alfie Emily's imagine if Alfie
secretly had a dog treats company I
wouldn't do presents yeah normally you
don't but then I was like I said and I
said I said Oh what have we bought hon I
went oh well I bought some for me can't
leave Gemma out we've got monster I'm
sorry friend by the other friend's
boyfriend a present mm-hmm no one knows
why you I actually went to town did you
by yourself
we finished gift-giving
you'll have to go over to towns video to
see what she got me but they were all
very lovely gifts and the boys have just
been sat on their phones like this the
whole time have you you guys are cute
together aren't they yeah they are I
already got a gift on oh yeah look
do we basically have two sets of
Christmas matching pajamas this year
seven sets yeah should I put these on
and we go to Waitrose in our comfy
jogger but I would love that I wish I
could cross I break our watch ready
watch my eyes that's so cool watch mine
you're doing it
watch my finger ready now move oh you
see looking at my finger no okay on my
finger and then when I think rise can
you know how does it cause you're
explaining cousin is ready
I'm moving in and then when I say go
just move this eye to look at Jim just
one eye laughs I see Jim like everyone
would get off me
three two one look at Jim with just one
eye
Oh both my eyes did it I think people
just camera they con you think like I
can't do anything with my left hand like
I can't click with my left hand rule
them and then does my left hand by the
way can you do this
kind of but not really
those halves atll
very handy sometimes aren't we me feels
so easy oh my god that's like the wit
I'm like using muscles that I don't use
on that hand by doing that you know I
mean yeah I think we need to stop
filming and go to Waitrose
we can look at shipwreck for hours this
this whole rock could just be us talking
yeah do you think anyone would watch
that Alfie
first one to smile
another player I think we nailed that
we've come out to Waitrose in our vexing
PJ bottoms
yeah look at the green from the Waitrose
side I look like I'm in a Halloween film
we've come to grab some toppings because
we're making our own pizzas so I mean
I'm always very own adventurous with my
pizza topping not gonna lie Jim
what you're going to go for I think
maybe like something like we need a
basket look at these two
the two kids it's always me and Jim that
I like the adult whenever we're together
where are the basket I don't know if you
can get out oh yeah you can get out that
way oh there we go
got one
yeah yeah crazy in the cheese aisle
we've all been together
Tesco's Tesco's new Ural turf removal
wax drips no that's another time 2000
seats Marcus get me excited she's like a
child on Christmas Eve late-night one
time I think you should buy some baby
Bell on your side a patient with some
baby Bell and your pizza pickup the
craziest things in a second you mention
something slightly off tonight sorry
don't be so immature
Louie I'm not playing baby Bell on my
beans does anyone want any more cheese
we've got mascarpone cheddar mozzarella
and parmesan that's a lot of cheese
coming out of Waitrose and Jim's bought
tons and flowers sorry bunches and me a
mini Christmas tree which actually is
the cutest thing I've ever really mixed
the nature
yeah mr. nature every times harm comes
to my house she leaves these little
piles I like me yeah yours looks perfect
cake thank you so much
here's my pre oven pizza I've gone for a
heart shape some parmesan mozzarella
mascarpone and baked beans
Tan's got pepperoni Jim's got chorizo
and you're gonna put honey on it right
yeah and then Alfie actually the shape
of yours looks great house the Grasse is
kind of questionable mascarpone and tuna
does that go with baked beans yeah
that's true
okay so whose is going into the just
like a light yeah like Oh lovely Jim
mines out the oven we actually put it in
the Argo which is the first pit so we've
done in the auger and Jim's which
actually looks amazing it's really hot
hard to maneuver there we go I do think
my base is a bit thick and Tans is very
nearly ready as well and alfea's well I
can't actually tell because he's got
everything on top of his cheese taarna
Gemma doing the puzzle did you find a
good bear no just an isolated base oh
it's basically filling in the gap okay
thank you do you know what I'm doing
that what you're doing is making a
nuisance of yourself Jim really just
wants to get on with the puzzle and well
I'm over there I want to talk to Jim
I've just been telling Zoe how good the
book of duck says oh yeah you're gonna
get so many comments now I do really
want to read it I'm gonna ask her it for
Christmas guys tell Zoe how much it's
such a special cozy read
these guys are off now in a few days
and we're going to their house on Friday
for the annual birth Chapman Christmas
party it's like a little thing and now
it's becoming like in a honey wall yeah
and you're the head I couldn't make it
up some good I was it yeah you were that
oh yeah the one before that you can
handle that anyone you think you know no
no see you later
