good morning everyone sorry for the
noise is the crap game again we are
accidentally matching today can you do
an outfit of the day from no you I look
really cute and wanted to match me this
is my out every day what you're wearing
where's it from
it's what you are and where is it from
this top is from H&M
it's skirts and Primark these types of
from tight shop a little lipstick is
Charlotte Tilbury I've gone for
something very autumnal today and a bit
daring I don't know I feel like it looks
quite dark and it makes my teeth look
very yellow and I'll be has a burgundy
top on - so we match yeah we're all
gonna go out for breakfast tell me I'll
eat on leave it on we're going for
breakfast cause we're all very hungry
because that's what people do when
they're hungry at breakfast time we get
breakfast I've shown one more thing well
it's not quite breakfast time Tyler okay
but I want to show you them up here
alright now look up there oh sure use me
is that yellow look at the Katy shader
wire don't know it's bouncing figure
look at it you can see that's way up I'm
sorry Sean
so I just picked her up on the way it
was committee card
and we're in a cafe this is one of my
favorite quotes I've posted this on my
Instagram before if you have good
thoughts they will shine out of your
face like sunbeams and you will always
look lovely well apparently it's rolled
all day today so that is perfectly
fitting this cafe is so cute one of our
faves I do like this chair also I feel
like you would really like this cushion
I've got that cushion
okay that's how well I know Gabby yum
yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum I
sure look at her oh my goodness look how
good district eggs tomato rocks sticks
believe me sausage and bacon
this is McGraw Nolan so good Catholics
got granola as well yeah
Alfie's got some bon appetit I'm copying
crappier just just some brownies I'm
sure lucky went granny
Gabi worm in a worse one and I'm out
searching in this image came up which is
a little bit late game debate I'm not
sure what it is I think it a real wife
look at it there we go happy wife
becomes very sure that's what that's
what Gabby was in brownies I didn't even
know you could get like yeah it was like
you were going into a great that's what
happens from an iPhone my songs were not
Harry Potter
pretty much what did I got to know good
should never be bad
I'm gonna look it up I promise promise
too
right I think it was something about I
promise just to serve my friends no I'm
sure professor I promise that I will do
my best to love only code instead of my
queenly have my country to help other
people and to keep the brownie guys more
does the aftermath absolutely let's keep
this pace
I also got some brownies they do be fast
of sort of caramel brownies and hair so
obviously commuter knows he's taking a
really long time so I've taken to
picking some dandelions to make any pigs
whilst I'm just waiting for her what I
do want to do is jump right in there and
start picking locks because guinea pigs
really like dandelions and there is a
lot of dandelions in here I could it go
no sorry I love it they will I don't
even know if that is my garden you know
kings hurry up there's body taxi leaves
still in the first quarter
I'm such a fool I like you you got me
twisted you must know about me
you must not know about me but we
dressed for mortem today is no oh it's
like perfect weather that I really like
it apart from like you know the tights
and the boots it's nice this is how I
wanted to always be like we around no
bring on the rain I don't like rain
refrain
I like when it's cold you know unlike
yeah and Tuesday or does it crispy but
the Sun is still out yeah I like that
that's nice
winter's coming policies becoming a
little becoming oh my god you know it's
any Christmas when that advert comes one
apparently there's already Christmas
stuff in the shops no show me yet when
we go now I don't I also sort advocates
at home that was all he takes oh yeah I
would like to buy it he said it'll be
there for ages but what if I got for you
okay outlay then let me put the door
open ah here you go boy here you go Wow
what's that is that nice look would you
you love the dandelion oh and I gave
them a little wash first just in case
any of you were a bit paranoid that they
might have been dirty QT okay ready okay
one two three
that was pretty good Oh sex Oh
it looks like you're on a boat oh she
fell it did look where we are we're in
we chose Gabby's inner element I forget
the day that you posted you're eating
garlic with ketchup and I don't find
that weird I do not find that with but
everybody was like whoa
you recall your every catcher no more
hashtag garlic bread anyway we're doing
a bit more shopping using a little
gadget Poppy's here as well and we're
finding stuff to make for dinner
we're going to have a salad like what we
have a holiday between two more bacon
bits
oh yoga
drama in the aisles mold man just barged
naturally out the way with his trolley
flying across the aisle because it was
in his way and now I was leaning over to
get a pudding and then his wife was very
imbalanced
please worried I was going to get judged
turns out I don't care
amazing shopping done whoa I saw these
in Waitrose and I kind of wanted to pick
them up because I've not had Werther's
Originals in so long good Ally packet
and I was like it looks like a weird
belly button so Jim this is for you
this is like a belly button poke poke
poke eat oh my god this brings back so
many memories right mmm have one hmm
no one wants to share my smooth buttery
candied joy okay so as you might have
noticed I've got a few little bits and
pieces here me and papi have decided to
bake a cake
now it's not just any old cake we're
going to try and experiment and make a
bit of a rainbow cake oh you need to
sugar wait look at this oh good Papi's
got this one on that Tom got me and yeah
we're going to try and bake a cake and
see how this turns out it's a bit of an
experimental cake we just fancied doing
something a little different yeah okay
oh yeah it just feel like a sundae
doesn't that this is the mass that has
ensued and the cakes are now in the oven
I'm not looking great it's spilling out
the bottom
I'm getting interested to see how this
little honesty it's just putting stuff
in the dishwasher and look the spoons
like look a bit like in hook when
they're eating the imaginary food and
they start having the food fight and it
becomes kind of real sloppy rainbow type
food yeah yeah so I've just picked up
this magazine because everyone was
saying I was in it and Here I am on this
page giving you guys some I don't know I
guess they've just taken my outfit and
thought oh hey these are some things
which might look nice and when I first
opened it I was like oh my gosh there we
all are Alpini poppy and Shaun it says
on me I think I swallowed a fish I
didn't I didn't for a fish that's the
table Pop's magazine and then I'm also
in we love pop because I want a little
thing if I can find it here we go so
it's the awards for 2014 and I won best
youtuber yay and there's a lot of other
people that I love in that list as well
I also just opened the oven to check on
the cakes and steam went in my eyeballs
has really hurt so just for future
reference don't don't ever do that
so I made the cake
I don't really want to show you because
this is what it came out like why didn't
this work
it's supposed to be rainbow cake and it
looks like someone pooed on the table
and it tastes like poo as well Gabby had
to spit hers out it's not good is it
what would you give out of turn what
about presentation out of our generation
yeah
what's good about it anything a forever
I love you for everything else I was
thinking more a wife search for Zoey who
sucks at cooking yeah and guys I'm sad I
thought I was a great Baker
turns out I'm not thinking happy trying
to mold something out of it twice on the
blue bit the blue that actually tastes
nice doesn't know it's nice I'm given
blue bit like a six it's the rest I had
some great missions guys I promise look
papi sure have made a lovely salad yeah
well I didn't want to leave you out
Shaun you did put the bacon in turn to
the grill it looks really nice guys
delicious and a little wholemeal bagel
as well yum yum yum where we go and
healthy come on tell the laces when it
my mouth oh my shoes AJ please Jesus a
dirty Oh
right tell me why we're going so that
and we'll get gas and puga can you know
she can't get wrought with your hands I
don't kick you oh you get off my arm oh
cool it's going dead okay oh just rely
upon survival can you help me come on
take my strong in oh never let go Jack
can you don't machine please that was
not funny we are walking
puga and Edgar Thor Maya and Edgar and
and they are hello hey hey hello Alfie
is oh my bag hello to be there a bit
confused these are um Edgar Felix and
Marcia's dogs and we wanted to go for a
walk but I always take them for you for
a bit because we know that Felix is
working super hard right now um as he
always is
you know subscribers kind of give that
away a little bit so we kind of just
given the doggies a little walk
oh she really is running oh oh the
princess pooch is being carried hey baby
we're gonna take them in now bye Edgar
goodbye
I hope you've enjoyed your walk Edgar's
like give me a cuddle there's a
different in size let's go
