good morning everybody it is now Monday
has it been a week yet since I've been
doing booking it has hasn't it
what's today first of September I mean
only eight yeah yeah John a week myself
Alfie Louie and knock Estonia Marcus are
all going to go for breakfast at Bill's
this morning I have never actually had
breakfast in bills and a lot of people
actually rate bills most for the
breakfast personally I love the halloumi
burger that's my fave what you're
laughing at so I'm very impatient is
recommence
oh there's always one or a few um so
yeah Louise just got up you got fed now
Louie like you can't really see a
serious I bet they're home the boys went
to bed at half-past five last night so
no wonder they're tired
um I am wearing some Doc Martens I
bought these a while ago and I feel like
you bought them off dice at all so no I
wanted them for aged when we went into
the shop and I was contemplating which
ones to get all of you to man
yeah I know I saw that today and I heard
them for a while I just I feel like I
don't know if I can pull them off or not
because I've got quite small feet I feel
like I look really good clumpy I don't
know but also the thing with Doc Martens
is you really have to kind of wear them
in I'm right now I've never worn before
so they feel slightly uncomfortable but
I think they're those kind of shoes that
the more you wear the more comfortable
they get so and also I really want to
wear these a lot in the autumn winter so
I want them to be comfy for them cool
what's good - Bill's running slightly
late because Percy decided to start like
choking like coughing and I've never
seen him do that obviously guinea pig
sneeze but that's more like this was
mullet and he kept on coughing and I was
like what's wrong with him like giving
him a little hug and stroking everything
like it's okay and then we figured out
it's because greedy guinea pigs eat too
quickly and because they can't vomit
they have to cough to make the food that
might be stuck they've tried to eat you
quickly go back into the stomach so
that's what he was doing but it freaked
me out I was like he's choking oh my god
I need to get him to a vet we're going
to bills now I'm very overprotective
mummy Nicole
it's min bobbin Maki and we're all here
now
yeah
once again well that was a lovely
breakfast let me to do that more often I
can't even remember the last time I fry
up before then I love going breakfast I
think it's my favorite oh my god yeah me
too we don't do enough but let's do it
yeah oh absolutely
please note I am Ian Cameron a muscle-up
ah I've no look that there are they come
or they're all fat do we complain yeah
let's get to know me
oh yeah nimble vote for so Bob so I'll
do the bird whatever the web's today and
it's much quieter we were just surprised
everyone's got back to school
there's my mate another shark never
really quite understood why that goes in
the fruit merge store get your fresh
shot well why should we have to t play
yeah swing like we're back in the
Bluebird cheap in the neighbor cuz you
just only toys that's the struggle
amazing one I like decaffeinate samples
on macabre ginger by Jerry barber
custard tear drops birthday cake
mint choc oh my goodness amazing flavor
stay sharp ooh back in our favorite spot
beside the chairs guys and we're in
Santorini now I'm all filled up from
breakfast pulled up York till for
economist we can't yeah
we're so full doctoral I think Marcus is
getting one maybe not
it looks like they just don't having a
chat myself and now you've just had a
little splurge and boots very teeth
orientated I've got toothpaste and
toothbrushes and two fish heads and
thank you Dental Hygiene the sorts of
things you kind of forget and usually
just wander into boots and you're like
all make up I literally please I've been
looking to make up no and if you
actually that's a lie I looks to sit
homeland and be paying
it supports that the Venus thing oh yeah
who can I ask to take it off
hi I think because I went out I think
it's first
yeah um
please
razorblade
thankee okay thank you
Hey
just left it filming that whole time oh
yeah they're in spectators so we need to
go this way because when she had
actually I was like oh my god they'd
forgotten and then rather than Lisa and
then we also have stolen them I was like
oh my god
just in Specsavers this yeah I'm not
sure about these big all the glasses
just don't fit my head what about these
sticker mystic Renault camera yeah
that's so I know it's mine
and it's got its Wi-Fi
that's now on me sis Louie plan to the
scaffold a
let's just go ahead did we do come on
Tarzan Oh me and Louie just accidentally
tagged along on a tour group that was
the awkwardness what no bail right
in German just fuckin about brightening
German I've just had a skin test not
skin test I'm a hair dye test response
it looks like I've got a little look at
that it looks like a mole it does always
have skin tests before you get your hair
dyed guys it's very important because
you could be allergic and bad things can
happen to your skin Alice Lee we found
some of your fans who were gutted to
hear that you might not be doing your
book signing in WH Smiths so they have
bought you a little present and they
came out here to look for you but they
couldn't find you because you were not
here what are your names have a very
nice name and what do you have for Alfie
how amazing is that
so then you know where there is that
though I don't pick corn the pink one
it's a spice oh so there we go Alfie
they've got your hat and that Pooh it
was from where an H&M that my friends
Gary film Marcus is actually googling
like I'm really like best new us so far
we've got these two so one of them is
the haunting a haunting of Massachusetts
or something and there's been a the
quiet ones this one's quite new out I'm
not sure about this one but they both
look pretty scary and my bags broken so
I'm doing this I'm here with Alyssa and
she has a music YouTube channel what is
it Alyssa we love music Alyssa we love
music I'm gonna go and check that out
after I have edited this video so I
think you guys should allow no pressure
let me found a horror film log this is
what happens when you is that camera as
well yeah it kinda looks like an eyeball
camera girl you never know who's
watching
that's true you never know oh my
goodness
I think it's funny Betty don't ya
you just wonder through new look and
less the boys downstairs like carpeting
they're going to be on the way to H&M
these are really what I give you look
have some really great stuff at the
moment where are they oh ah
what patient boys Oh Marcus clumsy Hey
you're about to walk as I said Luis
shall we go to write and wait for you
guys poison our deathbeds to go get food
myself now here at the other guys were
here bed left now I've just had two very
exciting phone call meetings that have
lasted over an hour albums in a very
patient voice breath and I just have two
coffees and I'm sure you really want
Scott um I'm so nervous I can't tell you
why oh god it's gonna be get my nice
probably read about four months probably
more now you can be addicted now I'm
sure it's a good temperature right now
as well I burned my tongue no it stays
like well in primary school did you ever
have chocolate pudding on a Friday yeah
quick word chocolate custard yeah okay
we're gonna go round town now for a bit
oh I'm getting another phone call my
phone never stops hey my me now fear now
and attacks it back to mind because we
didn't drive in today and we have bought
Amelia's birthday present as it is her
birthday this Thursday so that's very
exciting and I think I might wrap them
when I get home because the fact that
really excites me and we even bought
Peppa Pig wrapping paper
don't really know I'm going to do with
the rest of the roll when's the rapture
presence make me fit your baby maybe put
your birthday present in it as well the
boys are now playing some scary crab
hand game where you have little game
might invented there to check if you've
got it all wrapped and ready to go these
are all Amelia's presents all wrapped in
Peppa Pig Amelia ah it makes me really
excited for when I was a child and I
could unwrap presents and even though
they probably weren't the most exciting
thing ever they really were when you
were younger
we're now at pets at home because the
guinea not yet all right now because the
guineas need some seed Louie is on a
Skype call back at my flat so we haven't
just left him just been left alone oh I
probably oh okay I should probably take
my keys out the ignition that would be
good why don't you get that dog why
don't you get that one home and a second
let's get that dog
kudos doctor
hello hi hello
Elsie's reading up about pugs I really
like these look at this Christmas shit
get that white pugs I told you you could
I think they're really cute
you excited and then I've got my guinea
pig nuggets
I don't really like the white nuggets
for food I want a porn one there you
want a little black one hey it looks
quite long want some snacks
we'll have to gonna get yourself a snack
feel sad now why do I feel sad okay
because there was two guinea pigs and
they're called cracker and Squibbles and
somewhere in abandons them they were up
for adoption and it makes me sad that
people abandon the guinea pigs or any
pets for that matter and it makes me
want to adopt oh no no we're having food
is your solution chicken no come on
let's do that let's do it are you paying
yeah it's just there just a little
only if I can get cracker and Squibbles
no you can't I hate leaving pets that
have been abandoned
come on no crying in the vlog I
literally did almost cry in the shop I
was like someone nice is gonna go and
pick them up I hope so if you're looking
for some guinea pigs there's two really
cute ones called cracker and scribbles
and they're up for adoption so you don't
have to pay for them you just have to
take them into your loving home then
come here and get them because I really
cute no I can't
soompi said no you know he's getting a
put no any bitch you know they wouldn't
huh
two guinea pigs equals half a pug if I
have four guinea pigs I equals a whole
pug who should die me mean down my pugs
gonna be the size of two guinea pigs
team you know that you can't get another
two day oh no it just makes me sad that
they left in there so I'm not gonna go
get them
I hope so yeah well what happens if they
die then the short look after them don't
look after them forever
yeah of course they will okay does
anyone know if any can you pick rescue
centers I'd love to go come on let's get
going
arrived at Marcus and Naomi look how
cozy
that's always talking about YouTube star
and his NIM Bob and we have ordered
pizza and we're gonna watch scary bill
yes yes well ones if you go I think we
should watch that number one yeah that
looks really creepy have you seen the
Blair Witch Project hell yeah
I've never seen you though it's not but
it's not really terrified it's not
really like terrifying it's just such it
is such a famous 20 grand budget
gerrae is it more like paranormal
activity style like homemade yeah kind
of a lot of suspense but not a lot yeah
it's like yes were you like my friend
watched it when it was first ever came
out I just in mind it was they were told
it was a real documentary and all
freaked out you think it's real it's not
looks like this is the DVD we're going
for it's called mama oh I didn't mean to
make you mad so how it goes what the
ones off on one so hot and because I had
an itchy side of my foot so I've been
putting some a 45 cream on it splendid
I'll tell you why what turn the radio
and I walked round hit event what oh I'm
gonna trick you oh shit guys it's very
dark but the film has started get ready
to pull your pants can't see anybody
oh here we go good luck guys
I'm doing like that there's not all
behind us I know films done that was
good it was scary I would give it a
rating of 8.5 out of 10 for jumpiness of
scariness what would you rate it you
screamed a few times I did a big boom
I've got worse given out a scavenger I
gotta focus Kevin Zoe I'm really good at
scaring people
although Marcus did say I should be
careful this one day so I was a little
scared in my face cool okay well we're
off home now it's quite late and I'm
super tired because I got very early
this morning and I need to go back and
edit my video because I'm very busy
tomorrow so I will see you tomorrow say
good bye everyone bye bye my guys right
which is my favorite there's a chocolate
coming around it Oh gifts oh dear on a
bottle
Alley cranberry juice good thanks oh
wait that's myself yes sir
