good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas
today
don't go outside come on then Ruthie
I'm not sure why she spins wait get girl
I think I might have just received my
first Christmas cards from my Nana and
granddad guys this reminds me that I
need to do write my Christmas cards
because I have bought some thought this
year and I haven't written any yet I
think I might start now I'm gonna go
upstairs and get ready look at this I
mean can never take my eye makeup off
properly it's because it's so heavy duty
it never really comes off so I'm gonna
go upstairs and sort myself out
don't miss the up there sort myself out
and then maybe write some Christmas
cards and I think Mia now if you're
gonna go to the garden center and get
lights for that tree and I've also
received my box from Joey and Daniel
which I'm very excited about so I don't
know whether to open that today or
tomorrow also watching home alone - I
just tried to do some Christmas shopping
on the Harvey Nicks website and I filled
my basket with about 26 items like it
took me a good while I was proper
browsing and I was like all that would
be perfect for that person and all that
would be perfect for that person so 26
items I then go to checkout go through
PayPal press confirm and it says you
need to remove this chocolate bar from
your basket era and I was like oh okay
try again your basket is empty like are
you kidding me right now sorry started
again I filled the basket it was like
playing the bloody generation game
trying to remember everything ID
put in the basket in the first place
think I got it go through again and the
same thing comes up and I'm like what is
going on so I'm like okay I'm gonna save
some things in my wish list just in case
save like half of them into the wish
list half of them I didn't I don't know
why and the same thing just happened my
basket is empty so I've just gone
through and wish listed everything that
I think I can remember but I'm four
things short and I don't know without
having to look through the entire
website again I have no idea what I put
in there which is so frustrating I don't
know I don't know what I put in there oh
well I'm about to jump in the shower but
I thought I would show you some of my
shower gels which sounds really weird
but I quite like to mix them up quite a
lot because I do have a fair amount and
I feel like I want to mix it up so I was
coming into my shower gel drawer and I
thought you might want to see it and
come with me on the shower gel decision
I feel like it should be a Christmassy
one these are all pumpkin pumpkin or
twisted peppermint no good choice what
else do we have
I don't have very many festive ones all
this one's nice all that one or spiced
apple bodyshop spiced apple isn't really
great do you know what I'm just gonna
put these three and my shower and use
them over the next couple of months
months we yeah all this one was nice to
have quite a few in there this is now
currently my shower setup so these are
the shampoo and conditioner that I'm
gonna use you've got the Wyndham Moody
these are my second bottles and I'm
already over halfway through for faith
I've got the soap & Glory of tea melt
and the Askia London Renaissance
cleansing gel which I love and then the
three that I just popped in the bath and
Bodyworks twisted peppermint the spiced
apple
the air in Tangier vanille and then
things that just always live in my
shower are like my own products because
I love them so you've got the snow fresh
shower gel we also have the shower
source which is so many people's
favorite smell love it and then we've
got the snow polished exfoliator and
then for anyone with like more sensitive
skin for sun x zero so it's quite a
selection of shower gels but i think
it's nice I thought I was Nala making
that little noise oh so I think it's
nice I guess come around for them to
have a nice variety of shower gels to
use blow no need to lie down off that
heart attack I've actually just decided
to add this shampoo and conditioner as
well because I really like this brand
the Maria nila and this is for luminous
color and I do feel like my hair needs a
little bull trying to do that with one
hand a little injection of color so
let's put skincare there and let's pop
those in there I think I'm going to use
this just to mix up a bit
I just went upstairs to my office to
look for a lip color and I thought I'll
have a little route around my PA box
they haven't properly gone through it
yet and I saw this oh my goodness this
looks insane so you guys know I love
color pop and this looks like that
Christmas like package so I think I'm
gonna pick one of these which one shall
I go for it quite like this one you know
it's quite like a cinema cuts enemy
who's cinnamony color right I'm gonna
get them out and the decision is gonna
be made between these three or I just
don't know what are they called
lil pomp fragile things and take a pic
see I'm kind of drawn towards the nude
I'm not gonna lie this looks very pretty
I think I might go for that yeah I like
this
that's very nice so that one was cold
not that one
this one little pump that's the one I've
got on I love it
right let's go downstairs Oh actually
I'm gonna go upstairs and get my
Christmas cards that's what I'm going to
do because at least if they're
downstairs if I'm chilling in the
evening I've got more chance it's so
blue and like dark from chillin in the
evening downstairs in front of the
Christmas tree got more chance of
writing them if they're actually there
right back into the attic I believe they
are in here all my Christmas cards Oh
wrapping paper yes I did so I want to
start wrapping my presence as well
got those gift tags should probably take
those down more Christmas cards look how
cute this tissue paper is I don't really
know what I would use tissue paper for
Christmas cards Christmas cards I think
we're good I don't have as many
Christmas cards as I thought I had oh
well we can always buy some more I just
remembered that had some really
beautiful ones that arrived to my PA box
not long ago and I really really want to
show you them in case you want to buy
any more kind of unique Christmas cards
this year so these are by let me just
open the back Sara illustration and
these are all her details but look how
beautiful her cards are have a sweet
Christmas like everything that's worried
about Christmas on the front of that
this one I love the three P's of
Christmas
PJ's pizza and Prosecco love that and
then where's the other one I loved this
one obviously because it has a pug on
the front but it says oh baby it's cold
outside and I love that so much so cute
she is amazing at illustration and
drawings we're in the garden center just
perusing the Christmas section and
feared ooh I forgotten what we came here
for lights
I hope he's on a mission to find
something to give mark because we're
going to his smoke for some Christmas
drinks I think he wants to find him like
the tackiest
and he can wear is comfy I've lost him
hello are you doing Alf
what are you doing 25 mark the president
we're supposed to be getting light now
if he wants to get marked this penguin I
mean where is he gonna put it no that's
up to him is I think maybe a smaller one
hmm I think we could go for a smaller
one of these I love it in here it's so
magical look at this I think this one's
cute Alfie wants a bigger one I mean
that was not bigger than that I think
maybe like this put it outside his fat
kind of one get this that would be so
funny I just don't know if it would be
worth it for the one-time use how much
money oh that's tiny yeah but once you
plug it in I guess how much one is that
oh my god you know what would be so
funny judging by the box he would have
no idea how big that would actually be
until he plugs it in does it say how
high
2.40 I think you have to get it like
that would be so funny okay we've got it
where is it have you got it yes yeah we
go we are going for the the giant Santa
I think do you think we should wrap it
up I am so pleased that the box is so
small I want to take this stick off here
until he blows it up he won't know how
massive it is and it's literally gonna
take up his whole flat it might not but
I think I would add to the comedy value
we've also got our tree lights
and I bought this for Amanda to go on a
fireplace because it's so cute just in
case you don't know every time I say
Amanda I mean Alfie's mom I realized
that I might have like new people
watching all people that just think
who's Amanda because Alfie always calls
her mum
amanda is alfea's mum so I bought this
to go and have my base she might hate it
but I just think it looks quite cute I
don't know I like it do you like it do
you think your mum will hate it
no your face says it all you don't have
to say anything right are we gonna go to
the food bet why are we looking at our
garden asked me earlier to get one of
these Oh a pressure washer pressure
washer oh not Finn so doing our garden
easier but he said he wants quite a big
one in it look that's a big one I think
the best place is probably Amazon
back from the garden center and I just
realized this morning when I put these
lights up I was like I'm sure I was
gonna do something else too there what's
gonna hang up the stockings so I bought
these from John Lewis these are stocking
hooks I've never used these before I
don't really know how they work I guess
the weight pulls down on the hook and
then you may have seen in my Christmas
DIY video I bought loads of these
stockings for my friends i also bought
them for alfie and his families you've
got poppy me Amanda Nick and Shawn so
I'm gonna hang these up I think
right I'm gonna get these lights out now
and at least make a start on this tree I
don't know how much time I'm gonna have
his me a nap you're also filming
something for his vlog and then we need
to leave because we don't want to hit
rush hour right got thousand lights in
this box this has got to be enough
surely there's no light there's not
enough light
there's not enough no oh for goodness
sake at least we have the exact box
there and we can buy exactly another one
in them they'll be exactly the same
this is just ridiculous a net this like
this tree is a measurement on there cuz
I bet it says poor trees that are 5 foot
tall like I have done them quite like
you see like to be honest Oh Zoe Zoe Zoe
Wow
1.5 foot trees need 500 lights for six
foot trees 757 for trees one thousand
that's what we've got eight foot trees
1,500 we've got eight and a half foot
tree so we need over 1,500 it does say
on the box the whole tree I think small
no for next year though jeez definitely
need a bit more there and you always
have to kind of stand back and look at
it like this is very tight we definitely
just need another set of lights in this
at least we can buy the same set those
like
he said this is just like three four
vlogs of trying to finish these
Christmas trees when they do get
finished they look amazing I am however
very pleased with my fireplace and I've
done that today got all our stockings
lined up and a little wreath inside and
I'm gonna put a little Christmas tree in
there as well I might go and get that
actually because it's not a heavy one
I'm getting gonna get it I'm gonna go
and start that there we go and just like
that an extra tree popped up
does it really count when it's like
really skiing it's kind of decorative
I'm really worried that I'm turning into
one of those people that's on those
documentaries you know the ones whose
houses are like Christmas crazy and like
they're really Christmas obsessed but I
just feel like this house offers a lot
of opportunity to decorate Christmasy
so I'm just making the most of it yeah I
just keep telling myself that that's all
I'm doing to this tree I've added some
stars and hearts and that that's all I
don't want to make that like a statement
tree it's just one that's tucked in the
corner that makes this more of a feature
but I do like it a lot Alfie stop
mooning at me while I'm vlogging we're
now about to film a video for Alfie's
channel I'm gonna show you what it is
you might be able to guess we've got
these
and we've got these with lots of
different colors and pancake tosses whoo
I really like the colors that he's mixed
they're amazing one color you've sort of
miss is just the normal pancake color or
did you not want I want to have like a
white yellow instead yeah I mean it's
Christmas so everything's bright and
colorful anyway is the black as I'm back
in 20 grams very hard black coloring
never really makes anything black yeah
no I don't want to add too much for
voice just like taste weird yeah it will
all taste weird right setting up make
sure you go over to Alfie's channel to
see the pancake masterpieces that we're
about to make this is the result you can
all guess who did which ones this
actually Alfie was one of my favorites
of yours know who is yours
yeah I did the little gingerbread man
he's like no no no no and then we've got
all these now which I don't know what to
do with after wants to save them so we
can do some more in the morning all
glammed up and ready to go this is my
outfit I'm wearing like a velvet
jumpsuit it's by monkey I got it on ASOS
mmm can you see you can sort of see it
it's got like big pockets here and it
cinches in it waist and it's like
three-quarter length although I have
just realized I have not shaved my legs
oh I realize that what mine okay so the
bottom of my legs are really bad I'm
gonna go in quickly shave them and pop
you sure oh yeah they might see it's my
extra winter layer shows me yeah but
when I cross my legs or something you
can see my leg the same Gucci shoes
the same leg gap with the same amount of
leg hair and then black trousers I need
to shave my legs right well the leg
thing gets shaved so why don't you just
practice it just looks like these men do
this shut up it's not that long we also
need to get petrol so we do need to
leave now
why should we leave the TV on finale or
not I said we leave the TV on oh Allah
yeah I say we that I feel really bad I
know it's because normally we're the
ones running around like headless
chickens I've been watching my peoples
promise videos amazing my own so what
she's doing videos okay right well let's
- then let's go
unfortunately you're staying here you're
looking after the house I'm also now
wearing a silver blazer all this song
and we are off to mom we've arrived
is there anyone here yet
no oh my god you know how happiness
makes you because I'm so hungry
oh my god because okay for everyone it
doesn't make it less to drop so back
from the shop amazing flaking okay
that's all right thanks for having us
thanks s plug-in why do you want to put
it why you should come in okay I can't
wait to see this oh he's just nice his
son he looks really like unwell right
now
how much do you secret someone's at your
door I think
great bunch of crows will play this game
and that was one of the things gaming
game of wha game of ping oh it's
actually just Ring of Fire
hey Bri Brandon it's ok off jointed
that's what
okay my ways the buffer if this goes
down going
oh no no no no no that's a stiff one is
that bad why did I do this one everyone
hold this you don't even drink that's it
hey Connie
just me trust me that one you got
you want to say hello yeah thank you so
much for coming guys I am gonna end here
just gonna drive home the goats bad I
know I love you so much
oh my god I don't say weird I'm like
require tree all my nipple one which is
in ten years
no bye ok bye love you love you
