it's December this a good let's lock
which they do and at 6:30 in the morning
and it's so dark outside you can see
yes so early I know but we've got to go
and get the heck not her out so she go
for a pinkie you're sure away Kayne why
don't you do it by yourself no you said
come on you said you'd come come on
it's still dark out but okay right let's
go let's go
mummy and daddy puppy duties come on so
tired
me too but Nala needs a weak and easily
sleep than me last night that's not
that's your choice come on my treat and
you know what we need to do more so what
open our calendars which we didn't do
yesterday calendar we forgot to buy
chocolate ones we haven't got chocolate
ones but I've got a few like Beauty ones
but favorite name yeah so I get lip
gloss yeah oh you might get a Yankee
Candle or you might get some bath and
body what stuff but we used to do the
Playmobil calendar together because
that's our little tradition we didn't do
it yesterday on the phone I was talking
to do love yeah yes no it's a can of a
bull yeah and your hair skaters is
basically what I'm trying to say goodbye
no come on welcome my two favorites have
until it was smooth know
I'm just editing a video oops there we
go look at my face
spot all things hair the channel that I
do lots of hair stuff on so I'm doing
that now it's 847 okay gorgeous girl so
wait you up I'm sorry
and we've got to take another two events
ten so I'm gonna go and have a shower
and get ready and I want to open my
advent calendars cuz I'm hoping that I'm
still watching Phillip Schofield on the
telly I haven't watched him for the
entire 24 hours but he's doing really
good and nul has been amazing she's on
to booze and a wee outside probably TMI
but that makes me really happy because
it means that training toilets really in
house is going really well and once I've
done this got to send this off I think I
just said it's gonna get tired I am done
are you done are you ready for the vets
it's for her second injection um I'm
hoping she doesn't get fear of the vets
in all the books I've read and
everything everyone's like don't act
don't over be overprotective of her
don't stroke her to March don't make her
think the vets as a scary place and then
she won't be scared of the vets so she's
pretty brave anyway she's like an
adventurous boisterous little girl so
she should be fine you'll be fine won't
you you'll be fine we'll open the advent
calendars when we get back
you know there are there's a new doggie
she's walked in huh oh she's not used to
other dogs yeah Joe's arrived now that's
just being introduced as soon as she
stopped on dogs so foiler not a stupid
she's not he's excited right sneezing Oh
hambone oh yes opportunities robbing the
house and now she it's like bad dog no I
tell you what Joe can't do little shit
she thinks you'll play my alien poo now
you've got I'm really excited you need
to get a toy toy I'll be funny one too I
think whoever you drag it'll look
flawless it chases Joe turned up with
this terrifying mask
I'm not joking and the mouth it moves it
so he thought would be a really great
idea to put this on and say hi to Nala
and she absolutely hoot her pants she
did not enjoy that one bit no I'm
terrifying
Oh give me Joe like cry laughing I'm
editing the vlog and we're watching it
in reverse and it looks suck cause it's
so fluid
oh so if I know chocolate speak for the
school
and let me and Matthew yeah honey I went
there at the bottom looks yeah you
harlot yeah put it back as it obvious is
a personal favor for me my analysis okay
we're gonna watch old joke it's now in
Reverse little lip up no we're good
you make it do that see the thing
she's bored of me hurry it's just fun
she was like all right Joe oh pretty
girl okay a good cross let you see that
she did it again okay bye-bye you've
notice I makes me cry every time I don't
even like dogs I'm recording it she let
me go go jump yourself honestly she
loves you hello sorry before I go to bed
I'm just sat here now with Alfie and
he's signing his posters that he sold I
really like them I hope you keep one for
us to put on the wall that's what I just
said him oh gosh I don't they ordered
one for me more and Joe's behind me Joe
and I'm about to do the advent calendar
so you've got two days to open Alfie I'm
gonna snap Jimmy yeah because it's the
2nd of December we didn't do it
yesterday so here's the calendar I have
a few other Beauty calendars but I'll
open em tomorrow mostly um I just really
want to do this one first
so I'm going to open it up and set up
the scene in then we'll open a date each
to make it back okay so I've set up the
little scene we've got a Christmas tree
very festive a little wreath with some
candles in kind of a bit flammable there
I'm not sure I would advise anyone to
make wreaths with actual candles in I'm
a little chair which is actually flat
and what's that rolls of fabric Oh rolls
of rolls of present paper wrapping paper
present present paper um this is a
little rabbit just locked outside the
spit means not very festive let the
rabbit inside for Christmas I would
anyway let's open up
the advent calendar LTG number one
there's number one I think I'll do
number two um this is easy
oh no reason behind well I just I would
really like to open number two - you do
number one stop number two no yeah let's
find like you have to start number one
number two I open notice I'm not good
things that number not 25 it's not
necessarily money yeah it might not
necessarily be the best ones on this
later music it because Christmas is on
the 25th is now yeah
when having calendars didn't go to the
25th I showed you it's good New Year's
Day j√°nos behind it bad boys that's not
real life
yeah come on excellent that was 25 you
don't get one emotional day you get you
get presents and gifts and joy and love
on Christmas Day
oh you crabs what is it
is that Ricky Lamborghini yeah might as
well be might know that's really cute
yeah that's good let me have a number
take this goes here defending number two
oh it's a double Dora yeah knew that you
do biggest blue video oh wait hey okay
I've got a bookshelf some toys actually
preferred yours that's what it was
yay I've set it up so far we've got some
toys collecting on the bookshelf a
rocking horse and a little ball so this
is the scene so far I'm like twelve or
something ridiculous anyway I get in
this book here I'm very tired it's 20
past 12:00 and I have to be up in seven
hours to let another out cool but yes I
am gonna go um Joey still here Alfie
still hair in there signing away
signing his life away making rugs of
posters say good night good night guys
Jesus Christ what what you ain't log ya
know bye Jay
goodnight
