good morning is the first day of love
Merce what um me and Alfie as you will
see in a slight second have just been to
get our Christmas tree we dropped Nullah
off at Alfie's mum's house so that she
wasn't getting bored driving around in
the car with us too much and coming in
looking at Christmas trees although she
is super good in the car she's been
really good in the car we've got our
Christmas tree slight problem
the stand is crap and it doesn't hold
the Christmas tree and it's not even on
the floor so now we need to go back out
as we were going to anyway to go and
collect Nala again who you haven't seen
yet but I will obviously be showing her
in the videos and we're going to go and
get understand because so far this is
all we have a Christmas tree with a
crappy stand but it's a nice one it's a
good'n um but anyway I will insert the
clip of us collecting a Christmas tree
now so forgot my vlogging camera but
we're currently we've got the true you
guys is so big it can't even fit in your
camera I like these because they don't
really drop meters as much but those
smell amazing
do you know what we have to do now what
drive this home with my roof oh yeah I
know guys they can't do delivery so
we're gonna have to stick this in Zoey's
open top or we are gonna wrap it first
up in that we're not just gonna drive
that crivit like this we're gonna be
freezing is what I'm already cops I came
up with no heated seats on oh yeah
no one's coming so he's just gonna do it
himself
I've never done this before they
probably that all you stick it in that
that yeah yeah go on then I think you do
bottom first
oh yeah it's not heavy
go out we go
just give it stop how are you gonna pull
it through
that's it
I feel really useless right now but
there is no way I can help in this
situation
maybe I should stand on the other side
oh it's going through now don't break it
wait let me stand on oh you thin it well
done Alfie why just working right night
careful don't try that yourself if you
don't know how to do it I wouldn't have
been able to do it
ah these trees smell so good guys I wish
you could smell them I'm just gonna have
a little sniff I know I look crazy oh
there are so many trees here though I
felt that it's the first of December but
I know a hundred percent the second look
at you manly oh I'll be truly we need a
style yeah we need to stand do you want
red well done red one or green one
I say watch that I say red quite festive
or do you think green to blend in with
the tree Alfie it's checking
that's what okay let's go sort it just
like you Brigid sorry I cannot push that
by Alfie this is gonna look ridiculous
in my car
the ship
this is how the Christmas tree is
getting high
I'm gonna be a punk guy me and Alfie
have come to alfea's mum's house to pick
up Nala he she is this is her first
little debut Nala
oh no no no where are you going oh and
this is buzz although both sat in the
same bed are they gonna play now so this
is alfea's mom and dad's pug and he is a
boy and then there's little Marla who is
the sister of buzz and she is me and
alfea's buzz you're you're just you're
pouring oh it's like no bed so we've
come to collect this which is what we're
going to put our Christmas tree in not
as giving a good little inspection and
Buzz has taken allah's bed URI is
flopped and I'm also watching text Santa
with Phillip Schofield he's doing a live
24-hour broadcast so no breaks no sleep
I think he's having toilet breaks
obviously but how amazing is that
and it's for six charities all with
amazing causes so I've been donating and
if this vlog goes up and you fancy - oh
no birds don't do that you're going to
pay for me now and your fancy donating
then all the information will be in the
description box but I just thought I
would leave that on there because I've
just been sat watching it and he's just
such a lovely guy I've always a Philip
Schofield if you've watched my videos
for a while y'all know I love for it to
go through got to meet him this year
because I went on this morning he's just
like it's the / lightest nicest guy ever
and we've got some brother and sister
Lee loving going on here
or maybe not eeep me and I think Nala
just wants her bed back she's like buzz
this is my bed so yeah you can donate
for that as well but we're going to go
back now and we are going to and try and
put this Christmas tree up are we doing
we've got the tree up she's finally
going ah yeah now we need to cut them
out start from the bottom I will what
we're done we can do often so it's gonna
say let's hope that the best we can side
is here we can spin in more
can outside we can know inside you think
yeah you want better look inside inside
do you not want to start from the bottom
so I was on the bottom now we're here
what carry see and she's just cooking up
a little bun hello Nana you been a good
girl she's so beautiful oh she's just
watching us put the Christmas tree up
put um I don't think I get it no greater
are we we're gonna let it drawn to that
Israel come on Tory's very slow he's so
excited for Christmas I've always gone
straight up for two months carried up
the tree up since January I've always
whenever I've got a tree done this right
so I've got out gone out bought the tree
cut it open and I've decorated it
straight because I'm so excited
Alfie's like no we must leave it outside
for two days then breach inside
opportunity let's do that I'm so pretty
it's a good height even though we had to
chop a hurry to chop up half the tree
it's nice and bushy though I like it I
think go the other way yeah it's a good
shape tree there I think that's good
yeah it's pretty symmetrical yeah apart
from that little bald bit there what
upside yeah maybe we can always just do
a 360 mmm keep going they're that good
or do you think what do you think you're
making some funny little noises um do
you want me to spin it so you can see
Alfie no I trust you do you think very
career I think I think where it was it
for all again if it drops yeah I think
there is good because there's like equal
amount on both sides once it drops I
think that will look really good okay
yeah yeah right now this revoir nearly
does draw okay let's do that
look all Christmassy
this is my little father Christmas this
is actually one of my favorite little
Christmas things that I found this year
found this in TK Maxx it's a really cute
little foil Christmas killed and these
are all the decorations that we need to
put on tree there are lots of them so
I'm currently up in my office space and
I'm going through all the letters and
presents that people gave me at my book
signings over the past week and I found
someone's camera in one of the bags
where do I actually put the bag
I don't know but oh yeah in the bathroom
this is Vicki's camera and she emailed
saying I think I left my camera in the
bag so I've got your camera
I've actually recorded you a little
message on it so I hope you don't mind
but I'm going to get this sent straight
back out to you as soon as possible
just found this which is by Melissa Orr
and look how freaking amazing she is at
art I mean there are a lot of you that
are very talented and I get to see so
many of your amazing artwork but this is
just like blown me away look at this
that must have taken us so long is all
done in pencil I think Panthea pencil oh
my god
thank you so much Melissa amazing this
is also such a nice idea so you have
this one it says open when you get this
open when it's Christmas open when
you're bored open when you're upset open
when you can't sleep how cool are they
like so like I think I might keep these
next I bedside table hello hello see so
a lot of the fan mail stuff has been
sorted Nala has a lot of toys so I have
actually had to make a little basket of
knowledge eyes she is loving this ball
you love the ball don't you well you
love the camera too look NOLA whatsis
what's this good
nope she just wants a hug she's such an
affectionate little pooch I couldn't be
looking at all the pugs on my dress this
is just sat there now
Lissa's ready mrs. o you're so hyper
just now you want it now it looks so big
oh she's so cute you taking it to the
bed you playing with it in bed she does
have a selection of beds this one's like
the car / cozy up bed oh she's like digs
inside it you should try to pull up the
fabric what are you doing Oh what are
you doing you crazy this is her favorite
toy which is a pink flamingo oh she's
like yeah you're not having that I love
when she just like runs around with it
because it's so big it looks really
funny Nara is that your pink flamingo
where you going oh just biting his head
cash that's true love right there
chewing on heads just gonna pretend to
be you like it was see you're crazy
you're having a funny five minutes mrs.
yeah not really tickled yes do that with
flamingos hello this is a little monkey
that someone got at one of the signings
and it is so cute she loves it she's
obsessed with it it's got a squeaker in
the middle part and it's got a Scotland
has got one a narrow side it's got like
a crinkly bit on the bottom which she
loves this is the bit she's playing with
constantly the crinkly foot or tail or
something it's funny because she gets a
lot of toys and some of them shall show
like immediate interest in like this one
she just grabbed and just fell asleep
with it straight away
just to film her forever she looks quite
big here I'm going to zoom out so you
can see scale-wise there's a flamingo
and there's that way there's my foot
which she's probably now going to nibble
this is how compared to my foot I'm a
size three bear that in mind by the way
I'm not like a size 9 she's tiny hey
baby
no don't run through my fingers don't
fight you my fingers look at your look
this is so soft this is back like old
times guys I'm gonna end the vlog now
Hazara burgers this is why she is
falling asleep in all of us snuggled up
here with her sleeping so thanks for
watching I blocked it out just put
knowledge back as well
no but fit so eat of a head if you
enjoyed it give it a thumbs up if you
excite for vlogmas give this video a
thumbs up and Zoe we'll see you tomorrow
morning
say good night Zoe likkle one I dare say
you're not yourself say goodnight to
your viewers
