it's nearly Halloween in fact it's
Halloween night let me turn this down on
the radio it's Halloween night I love
Halloween so much so I figured I would
vlog today I'm just about to go to wait
trays with NIM Bob's ie nyami smart I am
wearing a Frankenstein jumper and I also
have my nails done really super cool
these are were from super drug there's a
little spooky house
trick-or-treat and then boo so I have
those on Alfie really hates the style of
like kind of stiletto ish nails but I
figured I could get away with it for
Halloween and they're not going to last
forever because I stick them um so yeah
just popping to wig truth I'm now wait
choice isn't in Bob Michelle or a basket
I know and I just got a few bits no I
got a bit too crazy your um what are
these called muscles these ones bicep
bicep
they go muscle uh and we're just looking
at all these you know what the
supermarket's have some really good
variety my camera just died so I want to
the iPhone
um yeah as I was saying they have some
really nice stuff I've just put one of
these in my basket just spin this round
ginger spiced top which smells amazing
and look keep your food you smell this
so no I haven't smart them coconut
macaroon Oh actually smells of like the
day of macaroons that Fantini as well I
say that's why we like Santorini what is
it boy
oh it's a sporran stuff well weird way
to advertise that is nice right no it
must be all this sour
do you remember it was everywhere in
Greece Oh Korres my retirement around
also speak Greek Greek but bees do love
but bees this one is amazing
have you heard of its in spa I thought
yeah heard of it oh I think I've got
some stuff I recognize this yeah 3:9
I've got those somewhere though I don't
know why for all those baskets that you
carry yeah my biceps
don't be if I look at my shipping for
you right now guys there is so much oh
yeah and look I've got one of these ice
cream in Bob's got some ice cream to
plunge it green raspberry ice creamy
yeah I think you'll be regretting that I
want you look how boring this looks I
bet you and a tip that's what you need
yeah look at it
Oh
I just have a little after myself and
it's over okay that krynki and one key
and Christmas are you crazy
it's like boiling out we've definitely
got way too much pizza tonight
I know we weren't gonna get have to
smell no oh this is my first big shop
that's moving in I always say yeah so I
need a few bits and pieces anyway so I
am still using my phone because I can't
find my camera charger which is awesome
but it's because I've just moved so
everything is in boxes like this I just
wanted to show you what I done before
everyone gets here basically I don't
even know if I explained but tonight I'm
having Naomi Marcus Tong and Gabi and
her friend over just for a little bit of
a Halloween shindig and when we did tell
his farm Tom wasn't able to come with us
because she doesn't really like scary
things and Tully's farm would have given
her a heart attack quite frankly so this
was kind of like a little thing for us
to do because Jim and Alfie have gone
away on a cruise for the weekend so we
decided that we would do our own thing
um got a little candle burning which is
Yankee candle simply home Christmas
baking and it smells amazing
um this is the table
I've got the cobweb runner a little tree
with bats on and then some little
pumpkin lights these bats
I could not untangle so their thing like
that just there on the table
um I just got a call then I don't know
that was a bit funny um I've cleaned the
boys out so they're nice and how do we
do that all the time you knock it down I
don't think they like it being up um so
they're all nice and L oh I don't know
if you can see that look so much on
their ball um I had to wash their
bottoms because they're long-haired
guinea pigs
um the hair on their buns can get quite
like dirty but Pippins
in particular was so ad that's like cut
maps out I feel really weird having
these long fingernails um I had to cut
maps out of his fur because it was so
bad
okay so into the Halloween room I'm
gonna switch the cam around for this
then uh actually let me turn the light
on there we go okay so as you come in
we've got cobwebs going across it a
happy Halloween across the fireplace
some candles which I'm going to light
soon some pumpkins this ones battery has
run out but he's lighting up and then
I've got my little autumn tree happy
Halloween here's the TV that we're going
to be watching hocus pocus on I got us
some Halloween treats and some little
mini red velvet cupcakes some ghuli
biscuit things with marshmallow fluff on
them and then there's just some Terry's
chocolate orange things around there
lots and lots of cobwebs and spiders on
the blinds and also over here I've got
another candle burning
this one is apple spice Papa Roach
modernism or potpourri or how if you say
it more cobwebs more cupboards more
spiders oops there we go and then our
big scary guy here he's coming quite
useful the one that went off in my mind
Gaby's video so much then more cobwebs
and more cobwebs oh and some more snacks
lots on lots of crisps as Doritos pop
chips and vegetable crisps and then some
chocolates and Halloween Harry bow and
I'm going to have dips and things and I
think we're going to order a pizza
although I don't know Oh a little a
little thing I don't even know that is
I'm a marketer no me are going to be
here any minute and yeah I'm just really
excited to have everyone round I feel
like this is the first thing I've kind
of hosted in the house so I'm super
flouted I don't even know always
clothes when I use my phone I'm really
holding this out as well and I hope that
Alfie and Jim have managed to sail the
seas safely so I've just opened this
package which is from a bluebird key
company they sent me and I'll feel a
little package and how adorable are
these so you hang them on your Christmas
tree and it says Christmas cake so this
is a Christmas cake flavored tea bag I
don't know how many of those there is in
there I think that's three maybe it's
definitely more than one in a smaller
one and then there's a baby one I don't
know what this one is because
something's fallen off of this one so I
don't know what one this is look is oh
sorry I'm not even filming it look so
cute and then this one is a big one and
this is gingerbread chai award-winning
gingerbread try it how much the naughty
tradition of Christmas gingerbread and
you get a selection of tea bags in there
so how cool is that if you're like
friends a tea lover or you love some
festive teas then these are amazing I
can't wait until we get Christmassy and
I can hang these on there or maybe I
probably won't wait until Christmas
because I do kind of want to try this
one
sounds amazing and as does Christmas
cake even though I don't like Christmas
cake and I don't know what this one is
but it's so cute thank you blow Bertie
company that's really sweet on you
really cute yeah you know game Alfie a
phone and I want to through the bottle
thing he does know if you got one all
right perfect
thank you in there
so outfit one two three game is there so
I went over there to the MoMA has a
bottle like this and you have to go one
two yeah turn hot like three so you do
expand in a row I'm on a door
caught up with I want fifties in threes
man woman you know what we do when I get
my team you should be on dancing and I'm
smokin and the posterior is he's taking
come on Marty can do it come on yeah yes
my hand okay I feel dizzy already trying
to run okay I feel parallax
you've done this before man yeah my he's
a gymnast stealin oh yeah Marcus is like
upset about your Jennings tonight
you just won't come away from them I
don't care
well we got part look who's arrived if
TV
oops forgot best lemonade ever this is
like what's it called spin it round
whole earth um lightly sparkling organic
lemonade it tastes so good is as well
isn't it so good like I'm a massive
sprite fan but that is like really good
ingredients how's it yeah yeah but
really it it's sweetened with agave
nectar oh it tastes really good and how
lovesick do you like in here I thought
you were talked about the limit Todd no
no I loved it so much my favorite and
saying I thought I had my dear then had
to be wake up so my favorite one on them
oh um is the cans up here for whatever
yeah of everything if they can love
sighs I like marks and ninety pumpkins
no I actually I really loves all this
area like some kind of white light
charming bunting happy Halloween okay so
I think first on the list of DVDs is
hocus pocus where's that I've never seen
oh oh oh it's so good I feel like that
is Zoe's reaction I feel like it sighs
but who would be here out of me you and
Naomi I don't know a newbie the blonde
one obviously I record every one wants
to be her I reckon that's time that Zoe
Oh show your impressions of them iCarly
yeah yeah we need watch it yeah that's
quite Dixie though and I feel like
that's quite Tom oh yeah she's gonna
jump something I remember
I remember that she goes she's like
really sexy she's like oh I'm just I'm
like really like you have to do
impression oh you have like Elsa hair
today like Elsa from frozen yeah yeah
yeah I'm still working sorceress yellow
voice 1m and then we come all I know is
that she goes and yoga book book
oh we're gonna let spit on yeah Marcus
can be either Salem the cat what like
for me right now it's not good Salem is
it that's why they literally Louie he's
calling you to it cuz the boy the fit
boy turns into a cat doesn't it yeah
really
there's a guy right in the beginning who
turns into a cat through the film and
then there's another guy that moves to
the city remember what is going on oh
dear oh man oh and also hear what is
coming on that anyway and we have
finished up watching hocus pocus loved
it
childhood classic we then watched below
which project which
yes okay and now we're watching Aladdin
just because we don't want to have any
nightmares and also I left is just
freaking amazing
so that is the Halloween end of the day
and what are you doing I'm going that's
funny
say goodbye guy ton staying the night
lay yeah
are you excited separated from you on
the phone because I can see me and I'm
excited but I'm also I'm nervous that
I'm gonna get scared when I get into bed
it's alright you can come into my bed if
you get yes can i really that yeah you
said it's okay now
yeah have as long as you get into Alfie
site you'll be on your side right now
yeah thanks for being such a good
Halloween face okay I'm gonna end this
blog here because I'm going to bed
Marx's going to but I mean look at him
he's gone crazy
he's wearing jumpers with like posh
shoes Miami's fluffy so Amy's wearing
fluffy socks please every German and I'm
not I'm at half ready for bed half
Frankenstein colorless right look at
this you can look at your color oh yeah
she hit the town but are you going on
yeah budget if I must hit the town money
do you know what people would just let
all of you come dressed as oh yeah crazy
I love it Lindsay Namie looks like she's
awesome yeah
