it is half 7:00 the morning I have been
awake for about an hour and 45 minutes
basically I woke up like something past
6:00 and I just couldn't get back to
sleep and I thought I'm not even going
to try and get back to sleep I've got a
nighttime flight that's no need to sleep
I want to make the most of LA so I was
out on the balcony what I'll be still
snoozing away this is my current view
it's so beautiful just waiting for like
the LA fog to burn off and then we go
for breakfast with Naomi and Marcus and
I am just editing on all things hair
video if you didn't know what that was
or have no idea what that is I'll leave
a link in the description box is
something that myself and Tanya do for
another channel where we basically do
hairstyles or I attempt to do them you
know for your guys's benefit and I
really enjoyed doing them and I really
do edit them editor to edit program and
I also need to write up a column for
next month shot magazine because you
don't know already me and Louise are
ambassadors in the shout magazine which
is awesome I thought this is just turned
into a places you can find me
I'm not on my own channels where Marcus
and Amy's room
I'm real tall look how tall I am you
jealous
no kiss yourself hey Leigh me sitting
pretty at her dressing table alone you
don't got one
Oh Jeff involve him I'm Romeo it does
like with a couple leave me alone eat
I'm looking to laundry service
are you really yes some running very low
on salt it's my last pair of trains with
my please oh there you go everyone
Marcus Butler will be doing a laundry
service today his ballet shoes the
ability aqus doesn't work plain socks
they were some patterns yes sir the
flowers to their dogs
oh really you don't like wearing planes
off the tree
yeah so I've just ordered some griddle
cakes which is actually pancakes this is
where they ask you what pancakes you
like no no no griddle cake griddle cake
little tiny maple syrup I like they're
giving me to you because sometimes one
is just not enough
and a little straw these are actually
honeycomb flavor apparently so I'm
excited to try these I thought that was
real definitely thought that was real
all has a puppy one well you just get
one like oh yeah is it weird my cream I
quite like those yeah what you doing
sorting out my first driving lesson
mmm how exciting I'm actually a little
terrified for Alfie to learn to drive to
be quite honest with you I am so used to
being the one driving it scares me to
think that you'll have control behind
the wheel and I'll have no control good
scary fun yeah I think you'll be really
I've got a feeling you'll be really good
I believe foods arrived the piece is not
for me um I'm having the chicken Caesar
salad oh I bought a couple I got some
swagger about cuz I'm really yeah I
really like asparagus anyway I did that
real good thing where the mangos enjoy
thanks you two I don't know why I always
do it that's twice this month anyway at
least some we just being polite
right Massimo Mia back yes tell them
what we're doing playing hide and seek
but the boys aren't cooperating come on
who's not of you to use it I'm trying to
buy myself a present look at that one
right so out YouTube which one's
counting and which one's hiding ugly and
Naomi hey Marcus coming hi
okay wait no no wasting no wait no wait
thank you wait what thank you but no way
right Marcus watch bourbon every little
surprise that's fine every bloke just
silently no she doesn't
I never fall Marcus go and hide I'm
hungry no you may go have some chicken
together at a three-hour lunch
don't leave me eight four three right
come on Alfie right Marcus shut your
eyes and count to 50
I don't know Marcus you can't because we
like to find out okay Alfie right no oh
okay I'll shut my eyes and count on one
condition
what if you can one pass my camera yeah
one two past my bar from my rock sir you
a bar boss my bar you two you're making
us like your slave or is it I've got the
camera where's the bar where survived
come on Naomi get on that quick watch
the speed boy please put that got the
bar and then a hot one
I hope you're gonna eat up with your
eyes closed yeah okay
Alfie I'm countin no no come on please
it's like the time before laptops were
invented where - Marcus Wow because I
think he should count there but with a
pillow on his head rude way I'm just
texting Troy BLB playing hide and seek
put these on your head
as all these boxes dirty curry boxes is
not your hopefully position hidden
Marcus this is more than okay I'm gonna
go hide you need to count now see all
right wait then for them okay well this
is hey Marcus is hurt okay Marcus is
hiding Oh what are you saying you know
we the well well it's quick ready go two
minutes
oh where are you going okay no no I've
got ideas no I've got an idea
you're nearly in there no image
I actually don't know my dog is hiding
place yeah I would have done it Malcolm
found our question why do you dress
what's going on with that help we out
hmm oh snap
oh oh oh like an army man Oh got to it
get away get away on the camera look a
duck
basically we got bored of playing it
normally so you've come up with
difficult relatives this is our new one
we can't see we're putting them for you
get your blindfold on yeah yeah yeah let
me just check right no yeah okay he's
far three do I go oh oh one okay ready
that's good
you got to enjoy I am NOT some Christmas
monster Christmas tree see your eye
pretty hurt
Alfie you've got 50 minutes to pack
another Saint you know boys oh sorry my
friend you guys please me so much like
this this is my alley
maybe and Marcus are trying to make a
stay because they say Marxist found
breaking news breaking yes your plane in
there some I'm just seeing another one
oh no oh my god I didn't know that love
it all around this ice bear that one oh
yeah the one oh no you just saw like I'm
from BBC national news in America and
what Howard is what making this one
dramatic I'm looking at it now if people
die our taxi is outside no it's not oh
yes that's right in ten no it's not well
I'm leaving Pat yeah there's a strike in
the whole of L a taxi and planes
actually shot is actually shot so can
you imagine if I get there as like
flight canceled and we are you know
happy I'm we're gonna be out having so
much fun on may not have any comment or
now what on your own yeah yeah that's
what we need justice Airbus know what
I'm going to more people
we're gonna hang out down fit instead of
you oh well that's the decider then
guess we're off bye guys
seriously how his boss's ball for
possible is that big trouble
come on we back a downstairs we oh my
god how scary would it be if you just
woke up in the middle of the night and
you just looked up oh good morning
monkey we can make new friends no yes no
I'm deleting your boss right we have to
go now come on come on Alfred this Joe
all right you guys enjoy your room right
your bar I say a proper goodbye now it
turns out because we'll fly all the time
you get points with miles do you know
how it works bigger version card right
richer
half of chummy
and we all just realized we've not used
any of our points we were so we would
hope to be lady at the ticket place most
importantly should we going to have a
look at the food
yes two sets chairman list explaining
why we're in here all right check and
she said we could get an upgrade much
much tougher in fact anything to go to
first class I have never seen press
house in one - no I cannot
expected child of Chris site sightings
this is amazing
Oh getting a look at the food enough to
know that you are talking to your scarf
we are now going to Louisville of yoga
song watched over just like that
I really need to Jenna to enjoy a
shuttlepod anything
my son tripping guinea pig they're gonna
come
welcome on board bacon because the enemy
first letter okay
like space
things
baby
she country
I
always I was afforded Navy a diss epona
shoes
