so it is a good car it's the final day
of VidCon and we are all preparing for
the mainstage look have you join us
today
let me guess what you got on your lips
pic oh yeah I'm the biggest on your
bad side
and then we got on your lip story is it
yeah
107 yeah best lip redness is coverage
yeah this is the most exciting moment
like my name back to my yeah
we're now all in a car on the way to the
main stage it's good look at you guys
there in the back you can't see us good
this is our lovely driver well thank you
you would help me lovely in many years
oh you are lovely thank you can I've lit
to you you've looked older you look
lovely back now are we yeah Joe John Jim
hi Zoe
nice to meet you John and thank you very
much we're in the green room now and we
are just sorting out our mainstay stuff
Jos done a little sketch there I
remember the data used to fill books
with diesel sketches yeah Louie I'm
drinking coffee
oh nice imagine if you just spent I'm
drinking some water just to get me going
for the day boys what are you doing
drawing Tanya and Lucy that's not on it
Wow okay don't know hmm
we'll come back to that and see who's
won shall we easily not allowed to me
you're awake
Oh No did you actually wake up or did
you wake up another frantic like oh my
god I need GAO I woke up early I did
everything whenever
then got frenzy you went back to bed
although to be fair we don't have to be
on stage of like an hour rule no I mean
no oh my god looks like you've drawn it
with your left hand okay
this looks like something from my
nightmares this one's it
I've finished Joe's drawing skills well
I didn't have too bad I've got my next
cost radius yeah my hair's like I don't
like my hair otherwise no this is oh
yeah you ready guys
yeah I'm good just leave it on my name
Tanya Tanya look why have you got in
there to n TN aya that's that that's the
big why it's like and also my hair isn't
like that today I was down this oh I
want to go now I'll keep until I call
the little nodule tongs written me
something I'm just gonna read it hello
everyone my name is Tanya burr and my
friend's name is Zoe sugg and she likes
Brighton her friends and family caramel
ice cream mashed potato funky clothes
that's a thing key or funky funky yoga
clothes red lipstick guinea pigs the
beach catfish TV show snuggles on her
big sofa Pizza cherry tomato fresh lemon
egg and Ellie Goulding
yeah Jim's on the main stage and they're
making him eat 11 is the sweetest
Englishman if you can get all of these
have a plane all 11 face boys are
chillin by the chillin
there's trivia just Instagram tonight
what did you write the pieces but now I
said it's gone forever
come on you got to you that time come on
Todd you can do
let go Jim let go she carries a baby yes
why yeah that'd be like this one here
you go
now up and down ready guys Marcus bird
Oh
oh the question
I love you
Oh
we did it it came up stage I think we
did a good job so quickly but the
reaction was so lovely from you guys I'm
so glad that we got to go on open your
eyes out here I don't know maybe my
friend is shielding my eyes can't see
really warm now I might take for jacket
off and I got magnification to the burn
I keep walking you do sorry I do hope
you'll click on bordel she goes like
this like she's trying to him causing my
crap for king crab walking shorts at
night
so now we're all up to bat again quest
you Jim
Ashley so Jim Jim your combination now
we're off to the red carpet
Thank You fur well peachy bottom you
pitch my carry-on from mother did you
enjoy the main stage
I got it did you enjoy it
yeah it was good there's loads of people
yeah Louise doctor behind us pi√±on joy
mathy I'm happy I'm really really a big
deal enjoyed it now is Louise so awake
get you'd only had four hours sleep
coffee and Red Bull look at that we're
now doing a red carpet interviews with
Chelsea yeah actually I know I'm so good
I really like this but you've got on
under here thank you get it far enough
okay I need to go there and get out it's
amazing because the back of this is
really low and it just shows my bra
strap up show you something but I want
outfit OHS okay
three times yeah it's story time anytime
we've got a little crowd
like that with no don't agree it was
really fun it made me want to get more
let's go on TV and do a bajillion
interview yeah chef good questions as
well yeah I really liked it I really
like Chelsea she's so lovely and what's
this someone gave me oh wow that's so
cool
it's very bright out here isn't it I
wish we could just talk around all day
you're right there polish thank you very
much okay what look chummy like although
walk isn't that great what sounded like
anybody hot in the outside and all 80
there anything short of a popper okay
hang out by the way you know why don't I
come with you because I'm watching the
time oh good okay yeah 22 minutes with
you raising Darcy just um how can you
make her understand that mom is going
away for a little while and she's going
to back I would go for the hardest
question first like thanks mom because I
think you're amazing and I think it's
fabulous that you came and do this for
yourself well I do this because I think
we all know that you are like the most
agile creatures burrito very hot child
right graceful a lot ways very cool
I think a cat's like to sleep and cats
are too straight thank you what's yours
oh no pressure
see any animal at this point just anyone
dog dog dog good choice good choice
thank you very much so do you expect I'm
wearing two pairs of knickers today my
question is when you are daily walking
how do you find that energy after your
life doing stuff
well you'll note that I've never managed
to do daily vlogging properly yes I can
do daily vlogging and then upload it
like late in time but you know the style
of like do involve and then edit the
world were the World Cup day I just
can't do it like oh all prior also too
much to handle what the pressure is too
much so I actually didn't logging in
there like edit it when time or I find
it regardless of a way for a week I
couldn't just want a whole month or all
the end of their life because sometimes
just I was not good to like like just
running on 10% a so it's blocking for
chess fine good question thank you very
much my you have having nervous but no I
do that only knows I think you're just a
kid resting around my and says that
Facebook is going to end the world she
knows about the internet we just don't
bother to stick to our own kind
keep heads down try not to get trouble
coming here yeah I think only YouTube
friends other ones are really get it
it's why your books you just see like
that do you ever hang out what anyone
else like guaranteed but you can't shove
a camera in the face
today no no they don't we've got loads
of frenzied mob scene we had some smoke
some Molina yeah so I started calling
Zoe Chung valina because I had a friend
before there was there's a previous
chummy not as good an opponent if you're
ever watching we're fine sorry as I
started like calling her champ Molina
and then she just called me
chummy Mac and they just both got
shortened to chummy as an average
shopper chummy-chummy
and she she answers better to chubbies
and Zoe because everyone showing service
or so chummy is like my dog see their
owners as well
fun fact for you and tons of you know
Caspar Lee and the computing company
everything when it goes hammerings
person before Zoe was calling for me she
said no her name is chummy he was like
oh my and he thought i calling you
Charlie
sorry is it just for us
Zoe thank you very much happens you know
Chumlee them it did not it was very much
national respect sir have a great VidCon
actor coming Oh lovely
so is brand new spare room brand new
value all the brand new profit I was
like then just woken up and see girls
were like squawking loudly as I like
blissful II came to look at my little
angel whispering a little like blow-up
bed card and then she went daddy it's
dirty we just look walked what is dirty
what fresh hell what you don't put on my
glasses what she'd done is because she's
still sleeping in a field I for a night
time she done a food she'd taken the
nappy on you picked out his wipes and
the floor in her hair I was like holy
crap
 so we kind of work it was love
today as well happy Mother's Day
what bothered me was what's in her hair
and I was like thanks babe hey we've got
Co Brown please deal with this before
Zoe wakes up because if she sees this
and panics will feel sick
then we regard because let me come back
I propose it okay.thank digital earth no
one leaves no it's going to be fine
garden path so we can banishment what's
happened so I there's nothing to see
here
oh my god Louise was amazing I actually
feel really like emotional to know why
so good
hey happy baby quiet don't get too close
you'll get told off
just wave how amazing was Louise so
amazing leave her a nice little message
- hey she was amazing
I was a big thing behind meals we
thought was so funny I think I've loved
that when I was like what yeah she is my
game is filming is this one what you
know my family's for Janice and that was
it was all right life is down in revenue
in the Narrows
Oh chummy I turn Thank You Kira go
trimmer nearly cried it was multiple
times look at my camera throwing a
little all right
and we're apparently getting into this
which looks like Tonya's worst nightmare
no passengers get away okay this is not
this is like something from oh yeah
Jesus Christ no I do not want to beg
from your eyes yeah yeah and now we're
related never getting out
wait is the Hunger Games sugar literally
Tonya's worst nightmare isn't it do you
best British accent okay what am I gonna
say um well you know what you're gonna
do when your haters hate are you what
about them
brilliant Alex
everyone exchange an exchange you say
Alec Alec Charlotte Jane okay well let
me talk to you in American okay my name
is Alec shames and what somebody's
hating on you what about Ian our special
so I've lost Alfie I'm not even a good
attempt to get to you know how did you
get there
we're supposed to be doing stuff
I'm not you should get some beanbag to
your flat I just said if they won't be
still homeroom right stand up on the
Weber wait find out the way that one and
then fall back on that handle this one
on that one there yeah now just jump
back just jump onto your back notice we
got down there in the middle
lay down I could see in there that's
what I'm saying and there's so many
should I do it one of them's in my flat
what be professional get off Alfie
you got told whoa
just walk ready stop well see you later
it's no getting us told off wait you
call that one as well good bit sick now
hey maybe a little bit more delicate
about this
do you work harder than you laughs no I
my life wasn't most annoying thing in
the world I can't watch my videos back
without wanting to like kill I'm just
like I am aware I have makeup all down
my face and I look and sound like crap
right now
but these boys are here two of my
favorite boys that's friends that's your
favorite though chose to let us guess we
can't it so just though it was to keep
my hairs eyelash I was such a pity like
oh you're nicknames that yes you guy
that's why I call him in my phone Oh
how's it done our thing do here routine
I'm not going to the party tonight
because I have to be up at 7:30 ready to
leave because I saw hairspray hmm
that's jokes don't in it no that's my
dear um I have to get up early cause I'm
doing a 17 shoot you're doing it too on
mhm so next is Seventeen magazine that's
Rick oh my god - are we gonna be the
same magazine yeah I think so yeah it's
all about YouTube is oh my gosh cool
I'll be not sorry happy Oh Marcus is
coming I think that's all going in the
light above it's like we missing you
that's not good Joey that's know how you
can these boys all ready to go so I'm
yeah I don't feel very well I'm gonna
take easy and stay in tonight
which makes me a complete party pooper
but you all know that about me anyway
all right Joey bunny day like tomorrow
and keep oh but I'd like that okay okay
okay great
there's a lot of lean in the background
I'll be looks like this yeah I love that
woman so everyone is out partying on the
last night of VidCon I am sniffling in
my bed wearing these which a lovely
viewer gave me and looking out over
Disney country see it um and I'm just
gonna watch the fireworks and go to
sleep because I've got a big day
tomorrow me and Marcus are heading over
to LA super early for the Seventeen
magazine shoot which I'm so excited
about plus just being so tired like I am
the worst for jet lag I just cannot get
over jet lag and I bet by the time I get
over it it's the day before I go home so
good night from me and my ears my Minnie
Mouse is I'm going to watch this
fireworks in
what the hell was that sounded like an
earthquake okay
oh I mean clicking okay so for me and my
Minnie Mouse is goodbye and I'll see
tomorrow
