Oh camera yeah there we go good evening
everybody
so I hope you enjoyed my vlog yesterday
where I kind of caught you up on the
last few days I've been quite busy for
me the whole reason that this month and
the end of last month
have been particularly busy for me which
I have managed to hide in the daily
vlogs although if you're really really
smart you can go back through and notice
me like making little piles of things or
I took I took down all the photos behind
my desk but I don't think anyone noticed
like slowly slowly slowly I've been
doing a little things to amount you may
notice it looks like I'm just in bed but
I'm actually not in bed at my old place
because today myself and Alfie moved in
together so that's been a long process
but it's been a secret um it wasn't that
we what didn't want any of you to know
or was a bit close need you told it yeah
that's perfect
it wasn't that we didn't want anybody to
know it's just that it was a really fun
and exciting process to do together and
this is the first time we've probably
lived together because although after
you have his fur and I have mine we
still do things separately a lot of the
time but it would make more sense for us
to be in the same building because Alfie
used his flat as more of like a
workspace so now we have moved out I
have yeah we've both moved out and now
we've moved in together in a new place
and all of today has been crazy like
boxes in and out like packing I did not
know I owned so much stuff did you
yawning I'm so sleepy um no I've already
unpacked all of mine yeah I've only
unpack my I didn't know you owned so
much stuff I says yeah you've got so
much stuff it's crazy especially clothes
silly amount everyone
silly amount this is julia month silly
amount and yes a are you excited I'm so
excited I'm excited it's gonna make your
film emblem awesome
yes because I have my own like office
slash filming area I don't like to
elevate it hurts my oh I've to hold my
arm up I've got my own filming area
slash not bedroom to sleep in we're
obviously gonna like sleep in the same
bedroom and it's stuffs gonna say the
same why don't you like me
my feet get really cold so I always put
my feet on our know I put them on you
the latest you know time and anyway so
that's been happening as well as all the
other things I've been filming for the
last like two months behind the scenes
we've been sorting this out and it all
blew me muah it's a lot of work moving
us it's stressful and time-consuming and
this is this is still just the beginning
because we have rooms full of boxes that
need to be unpacked and sorted out so I
think it's gonna be a bit of a process
but we'll get there and obviously you
guys are going to come along on the
journey and yeah I'm just okay it's not
really sunk in yet
I don't think like this is our first
night in the new house it's gonna wear
this when we wake up again that's going
up breakfast what's really where it is
because we've both lived in a flat we
didn't have upstairs yeah so now we have
stairs that's cool we have sterday I'm
upstairs we are excited about stairs
lame but yes so we've moved in we're
very happy
we really hope this makes you excited
for future vlogs and obviously you will
kind of we won't share all of everything
like we're not going to be doing a house
tour because
you know it's it's still new to us and
we're still filling it out and deciding
what we want to do with spaces and you
know it's it's it's kind of a personal
thing but in time you'll see bits and
pieces in the vlogs and it all kind of
piece together and I don't know who
knows all I know is we've moved into a
house
boom give me high five okay I'm really
tired now we've been awake since half
7:00 stop that been awake since half
7:00
Oh what was that from you that you've
been awake since half 7:00 and we've
been I don't think part for eating the
pizza we haven't stopped we haven't
reached that down I did wonder when my
legs ate I uploaded my daily vlogging
that was it oh yeah yeah later might as
well actually out made of mine last
night they are now yours this morning I
also edited a video today oh yeah you
did as well yeah
in negative Warner yeah you've been a
minute okay I'm just like rambling on
and on and so I'm sorry this was a
really kind of boring vlog but we've
moved into a hold of the video wasn't
recording it's such a bad liar we've
moved in together
it's selfie pad and I am really excited
I'm also really excited for tomorrow
because something really exciting is
happening
tomorrow's gonna be freakin awesome all
right say what because I don't know what
tennis looks gonna go live but the vlog
after tomorrow's vlog is gonna be the
best is gonna be awesome
although yeah stop giving it away
oh yeah okay thanks me ah okay good
night guys we're sleeping in our first
night in the bed and well it's the same
bed but in the house in our bed in
King's sheep and I'm really really happy
and
this is earlier yes yeah
