good morning la ah yes that is a burnt
knows I've got there um I didn't realize
how hot it was outside because if you
know in LA I'm Haim or wherever we are
all right now um it's very foggy and
misty in the morning don't let that fool
you it's still hot still something
that's really good appeal and fuzzy just
uh boy are you doing I know what the
camera with my mouth should I can cut my
finger looks like a good shot
why don't you sauce me to do it for
Brogan ladies and gentlemen this is I'm
gonna gag New Age
okay so Alfie ordered eggs Benny look
how nice that looks so delicious
was that a KY berry smoothie mmm I
ordered a minute made lemonade I'm
obsessed with those I also got some
waffles with shyam no motive
strawberries and all these assortments
of different things look that's net
melted chocolate is it yeah I don't know
what that one isn't that one is I think
that's honey and that's maple syrup and
that's white chocolate and that's
whipped cream mmm
Alfie just let me do it for you there we
go
let me see it perfect shot
look at that thank you very much on the
shower
you're never gonna eat all of that no
which is good because it means I can
have some boys are here
alphas are ready now Joe's already and
what have you got your joint meetup yes
yeah pick me up pick me up the big one
excited actually really am I'm we got to
make this yeah hopefully today I think
it's gonna be get I got a headache I
think I'll try get four opinion bathroom
yeah it could be very my blog I don't
have to do anything in there today
so my stuff is actually tomorrow I'm
pretty much going to be in the
convention center the whole day tomorrow
so I have to catch up with a lot of work
things right now I've just had a meeting
and I need to edit lots of videos so I'm
missing out on the convention fun today
but I'm going to be in that all day
tomorrow and hopefully all day the next
day because I really want to make the
most of it and I really want to turn
meet as many of you as possible the pool
looks so inviting right now oh my god
doesn't reek Louie I can see you Louie
cam spying on Louie I kind of want to
ring him he won't have his phone on him
Willie let's be honest he's about to get
in a hot tub I've just been spying on
Louie in text me I'm saying how's the
hot tub so now he's really confused like
this let's take you to your heart Joey
yes shall I give it to you that's right
oh no we are no you're right there okay
me and oil to a reception hi oh shut up
you two
oh people going on in here I have to see
fun past Oh
hi oh I love you I was selling her wait
you guys I was all here how good would
you look with with shaved side of her
head tell me if you wanted to do it put
in the comments below and push the
thumbs up it's valuable no yeah it's
variable
No
I know
upgrade first
very few
all right
the most interesting vlogs ever watch
happy bias right
I wanted to press the button oh no you
have to make another one just so I can
press the button just press it just now
just for fun yay okay let's go it is in
here I'm going to edit it so it looks
like you press the button then drink
comes out ice fishing that comes up so
fast put your mouth underneath it no put
your bum underneath it go on no going
okay bleeding never good I dare you I
dare you can you hold my camera I'm
going to drink this what is that what
that's a little joke that's not a dr.
pepper cheese or give me a broken nose
dawn not do it good three two one oh my
god looking at it it's gonna chip my
teeth okay that's not that I'm signing
tomorrow let's go back and order some
room service do you want some ice they
never bucket with me
right we're gonna go back and order some
room service now aren't we yeah
no take your camera
I press this button and ten coach from
our ones not why throw them get away
I'll feature no no no no no no no no
she's looking like you're wasting water
Oh
Alfie's waiter needs ice cubes I don't
think that's good for your teeth
let's get out this hole it's you honor
what already a hole was it your own ice
bucket there okay come on back down the
corridor the only thing about the Hilton
is that oh god where's it gone I'll be
worried doing it that's someone else's
ice bucket not anymore
oh goodness why don't you sit your head
under
that's enough
that's enough
no quite champagne on ice is it were you
going to drink and I yeah as I was
saying before I lost a fee because he
went a bit crazy with the ice saying
about the Hilton is that every corridor
looks exactly the same which freaks me
out because um knows what you don't know
yes I feel like you know in the
labyrinth when she turns every corner
and she doesn't get anywhere that's what
I feel like in here look cool it that's
here it is me look how awesome he is at
nighttime so is it not time for
fireworks yet that was like I say two
minutes I mean like two seconds two
seconds of fire Disney is awesome yeah
he likes me yeah absolutely
I probably go off now it's like we've
never seen fireworks before I promise
you see folks before guys imagine the
Disney music that's playing as well
dinner has arrived we've got some
quesadilla mashed potato I don't know
who ordered that yeah oh oh and these
amazing chicken a suit chicken pesto
spinach chicken spats pasta chicken
pasta and spinach soup and some chicken
satay I'm going to end the vlog here
guys because I'm gonna eat this and then
probably go to sleep because I have a
very busy day tomorrow but I hope you
enjoyed today and I'll see you soon
say bye I'm gay
bye
okay yes cold and I wonder did you just
flip it
