good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day
got the firearm
Holly's here she stayed the night did
you love it good good I was really
worried but something was really wrong
with Holly I was like she's still asleep
but half dead I did think she's very
quiet imagine but imagine if you were
unconscious and we just didn't know we
just thought you have to I have to say I
am most disappointed to wake up this
morning to everybody else in the UK
having like proper thick full-on snow
and this is what we've got wet wind and
rain it's not fair I want snow there's
people that are mixed you forty minutes
away from Brighton that have snow Alfie
was like let's all just jump in the car
and go and find it just enough you know
that videos Gardens Sheffield Park will
happen it we have to go east and East
Tunbridge Wells is East isn't it yeah
Louise got snow on Instagram and type in
hashtag Lewis and see if they have snow
because that's literally 25 minutes away
and Tunbridge Wells
Tunbridge Wells isn't that far from
Lewis isn't it I have looked at my
weather app and it does say there's
gonna be snow from 3 p.m. because the
sky looks like snow sky right now it's
stopped raining there's no snow in Lewis
ask Siri I've got myself a little
Moroccan mint tea in my anthropology mug
which I really like bit disappointed I
went to make myself a mint tea in the
most garish mug I own which is this one
because I do love it a lot from Asda
and I put the boiling water in
whole thing just cracked look so I feel
like that's probably a little bit unsafe
to drink out of sad times r.i.p Santa
mug also guys look it's our resident
woodpecker I've had to really zoom in so
it's probably very shaky but look at him
packing away not at the word but at the
ground did you ever watch Woody
Woodpecker
how did his thing go that noise he made
what was it honey I thought it was I
prefer Hollies nice we've had a big old
delivery so I thought it would be nice
to sit and go through what I ordered
because some of it is Christmassy some
of it isn't but it's fun opening
packages I just want this rain to stop
we have our everyday like crockery and
plates and things but they're just very
casual and they're all like different
colors so I thought it'd be nice to have
like one quite smart set so I ordered
these they're really nice this is the
bowl who's this guy it's just John Lewis
white bone china hand wash only not for
the microwave and it has this really
lovely like pretty gold foil leaf in it
so we've got eight of those and then I
also got plates I thought these would
also be really lovely for Christmas day
best sorrow pretty look at these Alfie
for Christmas dinner oh wow this I mean
I because we don't have any just like
plain smart you know what I like which
might seem a bit like
yes
the packets run the an something like
that yeah they're really okay decent
Christmas dinner sighs okay one box down
small bowls and plates box number two
guns
oh gosh okay this is where all the
excitement happens
wrapping paper it's green and it has
gold foil like woodland creatures I've
got quite a lot of that I'm not going to
be running out of paper any time
then we have this wrapping paper which I
also really like it says season's
greetings on it I don't know if it's
gonna focus but it's sorry pretty - it's
got like flowers and like Holly and it's
got some like foiling on it I've got a
couple of those then I also got a couple
of these ones these ones are really cute
it just has like Christmasy foliage with
little red glitter berries Oh two more
we're all sorrel wrapping paper outfit
oh my gosh they don't give you much in a
roll yeah how many meters in about three
the trip yeah then I got some cards
these ones are really cute oh I loved
these ones these ones are by Kay Oh
Kelly Ventura and they just say fellow
lalala lalala got these ones these ones
say designed exclusively for John Lewis
by Janine Burroughs and again it's like
gold foil quite basic a quite quite like
quite basic card more of the follower
alar ones oh I bought some of this
Christmasy chocolate I don't know who
I'm gonna give this to you yet but I
thought they were very pretty chocolate
bars and that they would make a nice
present more things for wrapping or
wrapping enthusiasm I got this which is
so pretty this really makes me want to
carry on wrapping up presents all day so
it's like hey what's this cold gold
kind of ribbon and I got two of those I
got some green and gold twine you can
see I've got a bit of a theme going on
here gold and green mostly to go with my
woodland tree I got some just plain
green this which is so cute but if you
can see that but it has little like
little bits of Holly
on a red stretch so I got two of those
and then it looks like these just gift
bags very glittery gift bag so I've got
two of these navy blue ones with gold
glitter on which is already everywhere
Oh more Christmas cards these ones is to
support the Samaritans I thought they
were really good gift tags katli the
massive Merry Christmas
season's greetings wine bag or like
beverage bags these always come in very
useful this time of year and these go
with the wrapping paper that I've
already showed more gift tags and
another set of Christmas cards these are
to support the Samaritans again I love
those little snowy scene and then to
bigger gift bags of the same design this
is my Nana and granddad's present and
sometimes they do watch my vlogs so I'm
not gonna open they're on camera I'm
gonna Smith for you pop back down there
just in case they're watching it I got
this because I just love it so much it's
the Emma Bridgewater mince pies plate
just to put the mince pies on on
Christmas Eve of one day where we have
kids we can leave out mince pies on it
for father Christmas got some paper
napkins for volleyball and canapes
you know also what's the difference we
do volleyball and a canapé volleyball
canapé now these make me feel like a
proper Christmas host because what I'm
gonna do is have these is the placemat
and have the plate on like how beautiful
is this gonna look on Christmas day I'll
be look at that
Collette gold placemat play with little
bits of gold on it I'm taking this very
seriously because I just need to set
aside time on the 22nd or 23rd to lay
the Christmas table for any of you
hosting Christmas this year I'd love to
know
your apology's in the sound of the rain
still no snow just rain I'd love to know
like when you set up the table or like
how you make your plan table settings is
one of my favorite things to do there we
go that is my very Christmassy and very
crafty pull for you and now I can carry
on writing all my Christmas cards and
carry on wrapping all the presents
because we have more wrapping paper now
fabulous I've got to mention Joe is
coming today and we're gonna film some
videos and he's just arrived so I was
like oh oh he's looking for he's parked
like right in the middle of the driveway
yeah we're planning on filming a video
which is us reacting to what's he got
our jumper which is us reacting to old
school plays like Christmas plays
because we've reacted to our Christmases
but we've never reacted to the school
plays so that should be coming your way
on Christmas Eve Joe's here hello
what are we going for these fans have
given me with no viewers oh my god
sighing she oh I couldn't love my
Ireland that is the I don't know it's
weird four-leaf clover and then this
one's a spongebob sock did you purposely
wear odd sock no I've lost one of these
and I've lost one of these Oh what I
think it's a good look personally how
about the rest of me well this is a
great look love it
that's even better look why did you
bring a thug life jumper to wear further
video how how many here or not you look
like a little no you look like little
gnomes that on my so well done Jay and
that's a big thing they love it yeah no
you're on day ten cuz you're uploading
the day that it is that's what I mean
but it's the tents I know I always told
you off it's like making a chocolate on
the twenty thirty first of November or
whatever for the first you know well why
is our chocolate on the 1st December
Advent
yeah I think you'd film in November
Advent Advent this right so me and Joe
are about to it's sunny now well that
means the snow is definitely not going
to fall no snow is falling on a sunny
day you need to wear this in my video is
that a hat yeah that is sick
that's just too intense it's for all
head shape ways there as well it's meant
to dance but I think I need to put new
batteries in it that's cool I know it
can you just put it on anyway I want to
see what it looks like on you oh I know
I'm gonna put batteries in it
and on my hair today so I'm kind of glad
I'm wearing that can you not make the
hectic poppers watch the nearest Dasher
and Prancer and Pratt's version - sure
like I did the old man from Chi Chi bang
bang when he puts that thing on his head
oh yeah maybe dance
that looks great Joe it's sunny but once
you arrive with the rain and you've made
the Sun come out okay this is really
rare especially with snowman Hardy and
son didn't you learn new Sun dances for
us do you know what I do sing when I
want Sun to come out Joe or no the Sun
is good tonight the Sun come out
sunshine on a rainy day night no I
missed the Sun oh they shine down a home
yeah
don't do that again do you remember last
time you pulled a muscle in your stomach
I love that huh 15 years in your bull
back and you just ruined the leader for
any of you though I have no idea what
we're laughing at Joe just decided it
would be really funny to get us out on
camera but forgot that he was higher
than the camera so does look more on
show than anyone wanted we've just
finished filming our video it was really
funny I can't wait for you to see it
yeah and now I think we're filming Alfie
yeah I would do anything for these vlogs
I'm adding a video from my channel and
then I'm heading home okay we look so
festive right now when's his blog going
out tomorrow yeah you're right now time
if you look at the website you go into
the so Clive shopper website or the
credit store website you will see the
tab saying Xmas orders go on that and
find out if you can get delivered in
time if you can grab one whilst this
don't think we still get to you in time
so if you want a thug life Christmas
jumper link and description go and get
one now
Nell's a time before it's too late now's
your time to shine yeah and if you're
wearing exactly what we're wearing
Christmas eggs only wearing this one
person oh I'm gonna be late now hey
sorry disgusting I kind of want to leave
this hat on all day oh my god you're in
it you're pretty much in it then all
right wait sharp ah yeah well done Joe
I'm gonna send you off I mean I can't
shut the box
let me try it's a little bit sharper you
go I literally a head between your legs
that's the way to do it you have to put
your head between your anus nearly or so
close to gonna give it give it further
down
so close we're gonna ship you off to
America there you go
you're a literary in the box then if I
phone that very well Mary kidney the
boys have just filmed two videos using
that crazy tens machine that is actually
terrifying all our new housemates back
look at their faces you get your
thumbnail again yeah closer
fingers fingers keep with your fingers
it makes it right J's are all right
drive back I'm on ice home from this
last video oh my god before cry laughing
or just because the makeup went in your
eyes buddy was actually just crying
straight now the Joe's off and the
reason that I am like dressed like semi
nice is because we're actually going to
this is what I'm going to wear it's
because we're going to the capital
Jingle Bell Ball apparently we could
invite you Joe Steph but myself twice
for two different people
oh well check you out well I thought I
can't make it I'm going to different
game yeah Joe's going to see the
darkness I hope they do Chris okay drive
safely very hazardous weather I know
just drive safely clean bye oh just
thought I would do a little outfit of
the day even though we're in like the
biggest rush fo big ever in the biggest
rush ever because this was a very
last-minute decision but I have my Alexa
Chung Lonely Hearts Club t-shirt on a
misnomer necklace this necklace which
I've had for a really long time I don't
actually know where it got it from a
source leopard print jacket my Topshop
Joni jeans which are pretty much lived
in for like the past two years and then
these boots which I haven't actually
worn anywhere yet but I absolutely love
them they're from and other stories
they're very comfortable first spangly
right we need to take you to see buzzy
yes you put your harness on come on then
we're all not fun adventure pads are
don't say you'll be my it's me and Holly
I still on a bit of a high from seeing
stances but did you see them two weeks
ago yeah that's got really quickly it
was all the too much too happy absolute
aura
I think lightning no it's just not the
music how he would probably choose to
put all on a car journey but on our way
to capital boy I think we will have some
snacks
- gasps into me nice rich drivers baby
please
then I was called presentation
was so awesome to play one of the songs
on this
and so I thought I might do it tonight
both
not even reading Susan because we just
felt like taking it
a million what is everybody feeling on
such a wonderful night tonight beautiful
looking as well
mock's quiet
Oh
wanna see
a
nice
you
can we talk about that I was amazing how
much did you love it when I'd really
enjoy myself I go really quiet you were
like you're like inside because I was so
try not to cry it was more this is Noir
oh is this your evil eyes my marks
getting an uber now we've like driven
out of the o2 and pulled up in some
random place backseat goodbye mark
see you next week is it next week next
weekend Friday yeah perfect
bye thank you for coming with your
favorite performance genuinely everyone
was so much better than like I thought
it would just clearly be a door Taylor
yeah but everyone else was a chain
smoker my favorite song in the world
anyway we're now at Bexleyheath I don't
know where that is but an hour on five
minutes from home so we need to get back
so I think I'm gonna end my vlog here I
didn't give you your Advent prison
yesterday you've not given me mine I've
got yours ready for tonight oh my god
okay order say goodnight Holly all right
say goodnight Elfi oh well read the blog
give it a thumbs up if you did and I'll
see you in tomorrow
