good morning I'm as you can see I am in
a much better mood today yesterday it
was just one of those days it just gets
wiped out of your calendar but yeah I'm
feeling a little bit more optimistic
today I still have a lot to do I still
feel quite overwhelmed by everything and
I'm leaving for LA on Tuesday so I've
got quite a lot to do before then and
it's Sunday I don't have a video for
Sunday I did know what I kind of wanted
to film but I forgot there's other
things I need to put before it and I
will say for life I just kind of need to
just chill a little bit before I
literally self combust is that word I
think so I self combust we just come out
here and I've noticed this on the side
which I did not know was there and I'm
guessing this is a little card from
Alfie so I'm going to open how oh he's
wearing me a really nice card saying
that he's really proud of me for
reaching five million and for not
tripping up on my words live on
television I'm currently running a bar
oh my god I need to go to the recycling
so bad by the way I don't drink bird
that's my - the drinks bud but this is
my like recycling box that's too big for
the tiny little recycling box that's
outside having a bar I'm just going to
chill out he's working I'm going to pick
something from my little lush basket I
might go for a bath now
I don't remember the last time I had a
bath melt dream time yeah my skin's
looking a bit better
I drank um two liters of water yesterday
which is quite hard to do but it's
always something that I try and
challenge myself to do animal should do
it and I felt like my skin looked a
little bit better today so that's good
I'm going to try to fit that up even
though I know
not going to be able to do that so
Jonathan and Anne arrived just text me
and they let me know that their Brighton
which is so cool obviously I've been
like moping about trying to get stuff
done today but I've decided to stop and
just chill and go over to our fees where
they're going to go because my place is
complete tip and just hang out with them
for a while no internet time no checking
stuff constantly just chill out nice
time maybe have something to eat if
they've got enough time but I think they
have to head back soon because the
babies are tired which is understandable
if they've been a bright in order so she
on a Sunday it's busy so I've just
chucked some stuff on quickly I don't
think I look my best but hopefully this
won't make me smile look happy in this
big scary eyebrows hahahaha expensive I
don't know
were you like that exciting me to come
back here do you like that Amelia is too
busy
she took just a little racket with it
investigating everything
what is this yeah careful even Kiki's a
maybe is drink like really cute you want
to give him a kiss Oh Mia and you
haven't wrestled ah baby and was a
vehicle the classy way oh boy oh boy oh
yeah no this is how I yeah how hungry
are you on a scale of one to ten if
you're gonna fish them we have ordered
food from my favorite Mexican I love
Mexican food and I haven't had
in really long time a really long while
I was gonna say it really well long and
had a really nice time with Anna and
Jonathan and online the day's going
to take an hour and 20 minutes for a
drink away there is good quality give us
a song what would it now if some limit
and when you're hungry every minute
feels like five feels like an hour for
me yeah I feel like watching a scary
film I feel like getting no no eight
mile eleven Rosina yeah but I love it
you like Eminem that's why I love him at
him oh wait it was meant to buy tickets
last night to see him but the only thing
is my sister wants to come with her
friend this just sounded like Eminem
obsessed and so is my mom remembers I
know I'm going before Papi's going if
you get tickets no my mom knows our the
West Show and know better than yeah I
can't imagine your mom yeah I called my
mom and Berlin M&M she'll know more
worse than you do
no you're joking and she was even
obvious knew something about the other
day that's like did each was like yeah
I've had it have you bought song I don't
know what it's called but event on the
radio yes she knew about that and I
didn't so she wants tickets to that so
does my sister and my sister sent her
friend Katya
so if I get tickets on eBay I'm gonna
have to borrow at 6 or something how can
I get six tickets sitting next to each
other standing he doesn't do many tours
does he know this is like only thing is
his last shows even 9 or 10 years ago
tinker I guess that because I could be
slightly Hmong and I performed a
festival or two but his own show I think
it was his last in like nine years busy
mmm of course yes your classic surely
yesterday that's what people what's your
favorite you can't ask me that I don't
know I deny but always old stuff I know
everyone what's that one about daddy um
it was like and his daughters or his
daughter the numbers oh no I know
the one at me and anyone I'm talking
about it I think back on crave it do you
remember that no you did oh my god how
you mean M&Ms and not know that song
that's gone crazy that you gone right
that's it I'm getting it on YouTube
you'll know what I mean
who's coming with me to tell them baby I
think our eyes are bigger than our
tummies L see your potential Arden water
so much refried beans rice quesadilla
these were to share you know what they
are I think you say potato you wonder
and they protect your skin so good not
just to scan the whole potato I don't
know what this is your do this right hmm
I do not sure if I'm not sure you out we
actually did ordered it I do I'm not
sure what this is either then this is a
strawberry cheesecake selector and some
sour cream yum yum yum yum yum guys is
always falling asleep so I'm gonna end
the blog now so if you enjoyed today
give it a thumbs up and she will see you
with a new blog tomorrow bye
alright yeah more EODs
I bail I feel like I don't know what I
said what did I talk about the book yeah
good beauty in hair yeah
