good morning guys it is the morning of
being on loose women I don't think I
announced this yesterday in my vlog
because it was all such like quick I
don't know it just all happened very
quickly
I did tweet though and a lot of you
seemed rooks slaughtered um if you don't
know what it is it's basically a women's
chat show which is live on one of the
most popular TV channels ever I am
trying to be very calm but I've never
done live television before so this
isn't this is definitely a new one I
don't know if you can sense in my self
at home scared but I'm scared I think as
cost it goes okay and I don't say
anything stupid do anything stupid or
fall or just become so terrified that
nothing actually comes out of my mouth
I'm here now sans got all our makeup out
it's done ready for his makeup um Dom
there was a comment on my most recent
video yeah you're like this actually
screenshotted it so I could send it to
you yeah and it was um I should put on
my phone I'm gonna read it too so I
don't get it wrong just slogging away
and the comment was DOM and it had four
thumbs up yeah is it just me you thinks
Dom is incredibly good-looking thumbs up
you say four thumbs up that's five
people in the world five people think of
that brilliant yeah that's maybe you can
head up that tap tapping noise that's
currently Michael so I'm doing a bit
don't sing next door oops my face is
done my hair is done
all thanks to fran she's amazing
and Don's is all done - you look
beautiful and I'm very nervous
Lieut resume I think they'll go quickly
though my phone is going crazy and
everyone's like can't wait to watch you
and I'm just like I don't just in case I
do something wrong
what's that
you right you've got the car yeah have
you work at your restaurant this is my
best time look that morgue
yeah right and you have to like stick
with editing I'm not happy so you say
there's nervous today
yeah I mean I'm here but yet you have
about eight million people that watch me
now it simply different cuz it's like
yeah yeah I've never done like TV and
also you know if you mess up in your
bedroom on a camera you can edit that
out naturally quite a shine in people
and addresses which I can I can really
understand where you're coming from but
doing something in your bedroom by
yourself having a bit of fun you can be
as outgoing as you like but you've
suffering from stress and panic
in the past I'm suffering from them
apart so I know how hard it is to
overcome something like that
what sort of replying to be given to
maybe teenagers who follow me I get a
lot of questions about it so I'll see
when you're quite young you don't really
have the sound and
get off of questions
great job so next we're talking about
hey what do you do if your husband went
you look bad
punch it we can't do that ending up here
babe we should vote on it is it
acceptable to punch your husband if he
calls you fat one forgets yes now is
that we can't condone violence that's
not not a good thing doctor anything I
didn't know why slip oh good for you hmm
outside with it November it do you want
to just come downstairs but I'll show
you where it is where it to us okay
thanks very much all right
yeah bridge how'd you feel I feel like I
don't know what I said
what did I talk about the book yeah good
beauty in hair yeah
package we can the videos very good we
showed that clip that was my hair okay
that was terrifying um I shade you know
what it wasn't it was more terrifying
before I actually sat down actually
spoke to there um the woman on the panel
they were all really really lovely I
mean it was more just I hope I said the
right thing I hope that I made other
vloggers and like proud because I feel
like I was there to like you know be all
pro well yeah this is what we do
and I hope I did that and but I also
came backstage and had absolutely no
idea what I said I reported it on my
skybox but I'm actually too scared to
watch it right now but yeah that was a
first
that was definitely a first new guys
thought to come with me and do you know
what though I was really glad that
Andrea brought up the anxiety because I
knew that she had it as it's been in the
papers a few times and I know that Katie
Price's had anxiety around things too so
it was quite nice that they brought that
side of it up too because I mean a lot
of the time a lot of people focus mainly
on just like oh you do beauty tips and
really that's not just what my channel
is about if anything that's probably one
of the least things my channel is about
it's more about me just talking about
everyday life things I love things that
happen to me you know and so I really
like that they touched on that I thought
that was really nice
it's waiting for Alfie where is he they
also gave me a little goodie bag of
things that Nutella wasn't in there
that's just why look at this this looks
nice body wash another body wash Liz Oh
shower nectar I think they're trying to
tell me something
period hi I'm just Logan first thing I
did when I got in was put my comfy
what's that
gosh game what there's no new friend
Vivian Vivian hello Vivian you doing
who is Vivian then is he a skater you
don't you know the first thing I did was
put on my comfy PJ's I'm a rush
ahh bagel man yeah Thank You Alfie
oh my god oh my god is it sausage with
brown sauce yeah is your mister cupcakes
right did it work today
Thank You Alfie watched me inish in a
shop with a nice good shot in silence I
oh my goodness
I know all the flavors red velvet
chocolate orange Oreo so cookies and
cream and just as that just the normal
chocolate yeah
and some lush that's it oh this one's my
favorite a ball that's where I got that
tiger long fighting thank you
best boyfriend award yeah so now I'm
gonna have some chill-out time eat a
bagel yeah okay one more thing I've got
us what yeah ready yeah huh when this
for tonight ah who's going Marcus now me
papi and Shawn and all of us who got
sofas each watch the phone oh my god
this is like the first date haha from
now at Alfie's um I had a little nap and
now we are about to commit sins episode
and I have decided to bravely wear these
trousers I don't know what you think but
I don't know I quite like them I've just
got them with quite a baggy top few
little necklaces these are from Miss
Selfridge Topshop and Zara trousers
which I thought would look like pyjama
trousers they might still look like
pyjama trousers but I like them and then
we're off to see The Fault in Our Stars
Go Go Go shadi is your birth date we
don't party like it's your birthday
what's happened sorry subscribers five
million you have a look on here see if
it comes up everyone's tweeting me I
didn't I had no idea yeah
a loose women and five million all in
one day and The Fault in Our Stars and
cupcakes and a sausage bagel yes so
exciting thank you so much everyone who
subscribes to me you will make me this
happy 5 million you do know the
population of New Zealand is 4 million
I'm pretty sure see if it will be will
subscribe to them live in New Zealand
it's crazy it's honestly crazy isn't it
5 million this is like a genuine
reaction to I literally just found out
I've never done a reaction to video oh
wow
now what you can do what 5 million
twerkin million subscribers I hope
Marcus things that to me in a minute we
get to do you have to see it come hey so
we are in the cinema
I'm sorry about I was reading out just a
little it was up I'm very scared
yeah guys subscribe
so better
Miami's crying Marcus crying fried Alfie
cries I actually didn't cry it was
really sad though it was really really
good so it's like now you can actually
see us I thought I'd quickly give the
film a little rundown I feel weird
because I'm the only one who didn't cry
this Marcus's new car oh my god it
amazing Marcus where's my seat in that
little actually target sorry I thought
the film was amazing I liked the little
funny epochal I liked that it was funny
and sad and there was one bit probably
for the boys cried the boys actually
shed a tear which bit do you cry outfit
I don't want to ruin it for them guys oh
yeah we ruin it okay there was one bit I
very nearly cried out but yes that was
Marcus's review of the film a drink and
there's no you need to have a drink
Hughes idea series I imagine like you're
smoking me so funny I turned off you
know it anyway film is amazing go and
see it loved it haha
work upstairs
