good morning good morning like you
trying to catch this Oh actually should
I do it what he wants the like I'm gonna
ping out the thing it's never gonna go
you have to catch in your mouth it's
never gonna go my mouth it's not gonna
go that far is it it's not gonna hurt ya
it's I bet you slits you're gonna go
like 10 sandwiches no you could have
done that oh that was good
you know that was good I really need to
go really happy I bought this doesn't
worry about twelve stones lugging on it
what this wouldn't me it has four
pictures left why did I even bring it
you should take a picture of kin on it
obviously that was the point but I
haven't been out my hotel room yet
really ling-ling today well that way
we're leaving today I'm not I'm saying
you holy pen now we are leaving today
just Shane have to plus we got a little
while
great cattlemen great work so you've got
half an hour I have to oh I've taken
things in a glove an hour okay well
you're off to a meeting now aren't you
dinner why being so mysterious hmm
they call me mysterious up mysterious
days and I both of us in there and save
died good morning hello seagull he
seemed to follow me everywhere I go
regardless of which country I'm in maybe
that's good see girls are in Walton
Brighton and it's such a nice day today
I'm sad to be going I just can't escape
that noise
anyway Alfie is doing a talk right now
so I've just had a line gonna sneeze I'm
packing up my thigh and this is what I'm
wearing today just some leggings these
shoes and it's top a little thing in my
head I don't really wear these too often
but I really liked it um it's a bit
crease
never mind um yeah we're going back
today I've really enjoyed can the very
small amount that I got to see of it
apparently Kimi a Kanye West and Kim
Kardashian and Ellie Goulding and Dougie
Poynter here and I don't see them so
that sucks because only Goulding is like
my favorite singer ever and the
Kardashians is like my guilty pleasure
and so they're somewhere somewhere on
this island really we're in an island
somewhere in camp so yeah we won't be
seeing them I don't think you know how
we were saying like it gets quite
difficult to meet viewers and its
quality over quantity and how we want to
be able to spend a good amount of time
with the people that want to meet us or
watch our videos and have you know good
decent chats mein Louise have teamed up
with Warner Brothers as you know we've
been to the Warner Brothers Studios
twice before we are obsessed with Harry
Potter and I know that some of you guys
are obviously obsessed with Harry Potter
as well and they offered to let us do
like a meet-up in the Warner Brothers
Studio Tour place that probably has a
better name I can't think what it's
called Warner Brothers Studio Tour yeah
what about the studio tour in London um
so you're probably already seen my tweet
by now but you can actually win a pair
of tickets to come and watch the last
Harry Potter film with us in a little
cinema
I think there's 50 tickets up for grabs
so you have to be very very quick you
just have to enter your details below
but I'll leave a link to this in the
description box if there's still tickets
available by the time you watch this as
we are announcing it on Twitter
but I just think it's going to be so
exciting like there's going to be a
hundred of you we get to actually sit we
get to have tea and cakes and we get to
watch the Harry Potter film and you can
go obviously you can go around the
studio tour so alright this is just one
of the things I'm really excited to do
because I know it's going to be like
good quality time with people that might
want to meet us so me and Louise are so
excited about that and I hope that some
of you guys might want to enter we've
now come down for lunch just before we
have to head off to the airport and
we've got some buffalo mozzarella and
tomatoes and a Capri T these tomatoes
look I can only imagine what they looked
like Paul but they must have been really
like bumpy here has come for a huge
chicken Caesar again
yummy
Perry is flocking and means owning it
walk because you've got 12 minutes I'll
let you jump for our cab look at this
back the airport so nope he isn't not
interested
look how amazing this service oh my
goodness it's me now if you're just
gonna watch the beach Alfie how'd we get
how do we get the stairs seek the way
can you do parkour yeah they're not so
good look how lovely is oh my god I want
I wish we could get in the scene look at
those silver fish down there why does
the Sun duck glittery can you see it on
the bottom
let's see it so you know in your kid and
you go to one of those places where you
have to like get the silver thing and
you get out on the sand
yeah it's a gold it's like that it's so
cool got here in on a wall it's quite
higher I really want to get in it so bad
stairs
I think do not climb out on the rocks
I'm not the best in French but that's
what I'm guessing it says you know I
don't like swimming in the sea but that
see looks you swim out there and you
can't touch it or see it what the scenic
sky clear edge of a thing Oh Tom Tom you
know those aren't stairs right living
life on the edge literally how badly to
get enough water a big washed thing
where'd it go huh
are you going to put your feet in Oh
what's the Sun look so sparkly
I feel like I should put my feet it oh
it's quite cold right there this is
probably a bad idea but it feels so nice
elegant we're now in the taxi on the way
to the airport
that's a quick trip wasn't it
quick but successful yeah short but
sweet exciting calls
gone through security now just makes
these French viewers he said my French
was very good so I was very flattered
and I were in this shop getting sweet I
thought some like dying hot things I'd
never seen them before
I was excited when I did see them these
things I've seen those before they look
so cool we also got some of these which
has a lot of you know it was my favorite
thing ever which I'd never see in the UK
they have a vending machine full of
sandwiches which I've never actually
seen before have you seen that we've all
seen a vending machine of ice cream
before well ice cream or you can get Ben
and Jerry's ones
oh it's dancing inside this is the two
different shop do you know that there's
perfume for babies I've just seen
perfume for babies you know don't you
know the babies
yeah there's perfume for babies done a
bit wrong but it did look keep the
bottles looked really cute
come on guys here they come walking
through now I just like to go to you oh
it's a long walk anyone for a French
magazine hmm there's our plane
and I really
to like roll down there it's a really
long corridor oh I can go wrong area
you're gonna join chess when people
block their voices go up a lot higher
I've noticed a short trip
- there's our pilot heat that be Gooden
such great company three might have to
whip out what - hello things
move in
right up
that's her song
touchdown
gasps McCarroll just position at the
jetty ladies compact and burger to
disembark stranger to turn
thanks thank you ask them to choose the
vilest tongue of a safe upward journey
thank you good evening
that's what I'm no bitch is gonna go in
dancing
that was an easier slander flight and
everything it's just so quick yeah you
screw seat the entire time
yeah it's crazy the difference between
flying to you for with leshawna just
images trying to mug a it's crazy the
difference Mike's crazy the difference I
can fly to LA or to play live in Florida
yeah like you can do both sides the
airport and the flight in the Daimler it
tastes fly to Florida not even like LA
but all of that it's crazy I'll be back
bringing a night doing pretty short
flights yeah
what we are going to go again under this
thank you today
we missed them hell the meetings over
we just up here in this big old mansion
villa all alone
