hello everyone and welcome back to Jimmy
hello everyone and these are my favorite
people either I'm not wearing a bra I
can feel your nipple on my arm was a
wreck I'm here today with my chummy oh
and as you may have noticed we have not
done many charm each a turn bad tummies
the reason for that is because we
actually filmed before Christmas and
everything was really Christmassy and
when it came to editing them in January
yeah it just was a bit out of date yeah
I didn't like no we were like you keep
doing it we'll keep doing it we can use
that footage but then we just thought no
do it better we can do it much better
now so here we are and on today's video
on my channel we wanted to talk about
it's okay to be sad yeah it is it's very
okay but the reason I wants to talk
about this is because a lot of people
send messages or send comments or in
handwritten letters even saying that
they're upset and they don't really know
what to do and they don't know how to
approach their friends or family and
they feel like they shouldn't be upset
yeah so I wanted to just make this video
with might remain to express our
different feelings and opinions around
that to make you feel better about it I
think it's important to remember that
being sad is just as valid a feeling as
being happy or being excited or being
angry and that a lot of the time minute
we feel sad like okay I need to only to
cheer up need to stop feeling sad and of
course eventually you do you don't want
to be sad for your whole life but
sometimes I think it's healthy to feel a
bit sad to deal with or process whatever
has made you feel that way I always like
to think of it as we've been given the
opportunity to feel sadness
therefore we should feel it you know I
mean like it's there for a reason
that's mean if we weren't supposed to be
sad ever then it wouldn't happen
I gave you a really good example of when
I always let myself feel sad so on my
mum's birthday and also on the
anniversary of her death for that whole
day I'll just let myself feel sad and I
don't try and like pick myself earth and
Matt knows not to be like come on let's
go out and let's do this like he knows I
just want to feel sad like in the
December day I think it's on the 20th of
December and I mean I know it's on the
December I will just feel sad and you
know that I'm just going down that whole
day and I just say to myself I am really
sad that my mum is dead I'm going to
feel really sad today
but then tomorrow that's the end of it
just going to pop it all in this day let
it run its course respect that time to
feel sad and then tomorrow gonna move on
but I'm gonna wallow in it today and
feel like soothed for letting it out
also I feel like and when things happen
in your life that make you sad it's sort
of it's a nice not relief but it's like
a way of expressing relief over that
subject if that makes sense yeah so like
if something bad like what happens like
a breakup and you find yourself getting
really upset about it like for me
personally when I had a horrible breakup
I cried a lot but then you kind of feel
like once you stop crying you feel so
much better
yeah grow up all out your system yeah
and there comes a point where you do
stop crying all together and you're like
well now I just feel totally better I
just feel like crying it's just like a
natural thing to do and it's so you dad
is okay yeah it's okay if you cry and
then you're like okay I feel better but
then maybe a few hours later you want to
cry again like this one that a lot when
you were total for broke up she might
live Lewis joked that she lived in my
dining room I had a pullout bed in there
and you'd have a cry a little bit better
have another cry feel a bit better but
eventually over the course of like days
and weeks in like months as death like
the cries got further apart I mean that
was progress and that was good and I
thinks if you haven't have had all that
crying you would still be like carrying
around all this like sadness and grief
so it's too much that area around like
you don't want to have to carry that
around with you you have to let out you
have to talk about it to people if you
want to talk about it
ever keep it to yourself and think no I
can't be sad I can't talk to people
about this recently
I called who's on skype because I got
upset about that same thing and also
don't feel like just because years have
passed like it's been years since the
death of your the anniversary of the
death of your mum but don't think that
because years have passed it's still
describing it's not okay to be sad about
it
and there's lots of ways to be sad as
well and crying it's like this is most
obvious and that's like what we we like
we're cries well yes I think I'm more of
a crier but yeah I cried for all emotion
though even I'm happy when I'm or I'll
cry of excitement I cried at a video the
other day where this lady had a really
nice wedding dance with her dad I cried
an egg cooker to interview because I was
just so excited anybody on stage digital
when you feel Alfie proposed to me bet
that I did cry when they did this song
was like oh no and so there's loads of
ways you can express yourself you might
just want to be all alone for a while
you might want to go and do some like
real physical acts but you might want to
go do some really physical activity like
really get out your system you might
want to have a good screaming you might
want to sing like singing in your car so
you know how that is the barriers for me
when you sing so loud to me that doesn't
matter how crappy your singing just let
it all out you might be talking to a
friend and basically I got really sad
about something and because Matt was
available to look after dusty because he
wasn't working I just got in a cab I
went to stay with my friend for a couple
of days I just wanted to let be away
from like normal life I just wanted to
like has s BAE has his space to go be
like be sad somewhere else so awful
deserves went and was sad some work but
that's like when I used to drive around
my car yeah like I'm kind of like
sometimes like I don't know sometimes
you'll just do things and you'd have to
go with it like as long as you're safe
and not hurting anyone not hurting
anyone else or making anyone else really
worried about you then do whatever you
need to do to make yourself feel better
yeah he's feeling sad and doubt about
things it's completely natural I think
what we're trying to say is if you feel
sad about something that's fine as long
as you're safe I'm not doing anything to
harm yourself do what makes you feel
relief from it so crying or singing or
exercising me into a pillow is nothing
and but if you are feeling sadness for
prolonged periods of time and you can't
see you to get any relief from that
maybe that's a point where you might
want to talk to you a pair of a teacher
or a doctor or a friend and say I think
perhaps this is more than just feeling
sad feeling sad and maybe we can find
some link yeah what pillows definitely
if you're feeling that way because
there's definitely times in my life
where I've had prolonged sad that's oh
I'm sure you've had the same thing yeah
and that is when you start to think am I
depressed or am i sad and that sort of
thing and it's very hard it's very
difficult to know because you know it's
not something that you're just born
knowing and no one at school says to you
when you're like growing up old so this
is sadness and this is depression and
all yeah
post-traumatic shock syndrome or all
those sorts of things and our options to
explore if you're feeling a bit worse
than sad but that's not what this video
cuts out and also another thing to note
is that how you're feeling right now
probably thousands and thousands of
other people are feeling the exact same
way going through the exact same thing
even you're never alone because I think
that's one thing with being sad or
prolonged sadness you feel like you're
so alone know my dad to you and no one
understands how sad you are speak to
people and often its iPhones like when I
floor me down I feel like I'm a nuisance
of people and yeah oh sorry I'm sorry
pain all right I know I'm boring you but
you're not you're not your friends are
there for you and if they're not there's
counselors or people there are people
that you can talk to you about that sort
of thing if you're feeling really really
bad I've got a really good link to that
too the Samaritan - yeah service and
email service we've actually both used
it beforehand we where you can email the
smart ins I think don't quote me on this
because you could do it a few years ago
and a trained counselor will email you
back within like quite a short time
period like a couple of days or
something and that was really helpful to
me when I was using and really helpful
to you as well when you use it yeah
definitely
so just remember you're not alone it's
okay to be sad have a cry have a thing
do something that makes you happy watch
youtube videos if that's what makes you
I know that I loved watching YouTube
when I was sad just let it all out and
then when you think belly come let it go
and then when you feel ready move on and
focus on being happy but it's okay to
still feel that sadness every now and
then if it does creep up on you yeah
it's okay to feel sad from time to time
we love you we love you and if you feel
sad just remember that please put
something down below that's made you
happy this week or even something that's
made you sad and all be really nice to
each other in the comments and yeah see
you soon thanks for watching
