hello everyone so I'm starting off this
vlog the next day with my heart is like
pounding in my chest I think I just spat
everywhere as well and I'm Way too
excited um as I've been saying in a few
previous vlogs that I have a lot of
exciting things coming up later on this
year one of which I can officially
announce today I have known about this
for so long and I am the worst at
keeping secrets but thankfully I'm are
to tell you today I'm so excited I can't
contain my excitement I don't know what
to do let me just clench my fist for a
moment okay as you guys may or may not
have known or know um my dream has been
to write a book I have been a bookworm
since I mean gosh you can ask my mom and
dad the minute I could read it's all I
did all I did was read um I read books
back-to-back on holiday I'd read like
six books back-to-back in a week like I
was just a complete bookworm and I
learned a lot about life and growing up
and being a teenager and boys and
Friends through books and um I know this
is like the modern age now and social
media is taking over but books are still
to me so special and so important and
whether you read that as an e-book on
your iPad or on a Kindle or you actually
like to still read a hard copy which
personally I still love to do because
nothing beats the smell of an actual
book when I was younger I used to write
short stories all the time when I was
about 14 15 all my friends would be out
playing I would come home and sit on my
computer from after school until
nighttime because I was writing a book
um I'm not releasing that as a book by
the way it was just something I loved to
do and I loved to live through the
characters and I loved to I basically
loved creating something that I had done
and that I thought someone would one day
read obviously no one is going to read
that I don't know whatever happens I
think it saved onto a floppy disk which
that just speaks for itself to be honest
um so penguin contacted me a while back
well they like approached me they just
go hey Zoey
they um approached me a while back and
they loved my blog and they loved the
style of my blog and the way that I
wrote things and they were like hey have
you ever you know thought about writing
a book and I was like oh hey penguin the
biggest publishing house in the world um
of course like I would absolutely love
to write a book and I get too excited
let me just calm down a second I would
love to have something that I've done
myself um but you know has come from my
brain and gone into pages and people can
buy it and have it in the hand and have
it on the bedside tables or on their
iPads and who's going to say no to that
and let you know you hate books but who
hates books I am releasing a novel on
November the 25th of this year and it's
going to be hard back and it's also
going to be an e-book um it is going to
be released in the UK at first because I
don't know all the details yet this is
all still in the making like it's not
finished and my arms aching and then it
will be released in other countries to
follow so don't worry I want you to all
be able to read this so that's that's
key so what is the book about might you
ask it's not about me it's a fiction
which is something that I want to stress
because I I mean I think I just dropped
a pillow into the remainders of my
breakfast okay great it's a fiction so
it's not based on my life it's not based
on anyone else's life that I know it's
purely a made-up character characters um
which to me was far more exciting and it
is called girl on line which does make
it sound like it might be about me but I
promise you it's not and it's about a
girl who writes an anonymous blog so
nobody knows who she is who's writing it
and she starts to write it basically for
herself and only her best friend knows
about this blog and knows her
and then lots of other people start to
read it and she's she's just known as
the girl online and then she goes to
America and she meets this mysterious
musician called Noah and he's a little
bit mysterious and a little bit weird
sort of unfolds and you get to sort of
find out about more bit more about him I
don't wanna give too much away because I
want you guys to like want to read it
it's basically like a modern-day Notting
Hill so he is a lot more well-known than
she first thinks he is and there's
things like cyber bullying long-distance
online relationship blogs it's set in
Brighton so there's lots of English she
cultural things she's got her best
friend I don't want to say too much
about that and there's fallouts romance
there's a bit of everything because
personally that's what I love in a book
so I hope that you guys will have in a
book I've also made sure to address the
one thing that I know I can express
really well in a book and that is that
she suffers anxiety because I don't know
if I ever read a book as a young teen
that circled around anyone having
anxiety or panic attacks and I know that
that probably would have helped me a lot
and no matter how many videos I make or
how many times I can say to you guys
it's okay you're not the only one I feel
like if I write about it in a character
in a book then there's more chance of
people feeling a lot more reassured and
knowing exactly what it's like and
knowing that they're not alone if it's
put through a character in a book as
well
so I wanted that to be an element I'm
working really closely with Amy who is
my editor penguin obviously she has way
more knowledge in writing books than I
do so I'm working really closely with
her on that so I'm working really
closely with Amy and also an editorial
consultant I know these words sounds
really confusing for you guys but
basically they know what they're doing
so they're helping me greatly because as
much as I've got it all up in here it's
as you can imagine a lot more complex
than just writing it out to it I
honestly want this to be the best book
it can be I am so nervous that you guys
will hate
it or I don't know I think the thought I
think when it comes to big things like
this it's just so scary like it's my
dream and I want you guys to enjoy that
because I've put so much time and
imagination and effort into this and I
feel like I would not have been able to
do any of this without you guys
so it's almost like I want to get your
guys's approval because you've made this
possible for me and I'm just so glad I
started that blog in 2009 holy crap so
oh well I don't really know what else to
say thank you so much for all your
lovely tweets this morning I announced
it on Twitter I have been this close to
tears all day I'm an emotional wreck
everyone is so lovely I honestly have
the most supportive amazing viewers and
audience and followers that I could ever
wish for and all my friends and people
even that I've only met once or twice
they're all so lovely and so supportive
and all my family are excited and what
so excited I'm going to be able to hold
a book that says by Zoe sugg and it's
gonna be in hardback which for me was
even more exciting because when it's a
hardback book it's also special and it's
gonna be out on November 25th
so after dropping that massive bombshell
I need to go calm I think my blood and
my blood pressure is rising slightly so
I need to go and calm I'm gonna be
updating you with stuff that's going on
about the book I want you guys to also
be involved whether that's helping me
pick a cover for the book or you know
helping pick character names or changing
things around I you guys the reason that
I get to write this so I want you to try
I want you guys to feel as involved as
possible so I want you to come along
with me on the journey and help me make
all these big decisions you can actually
pre-order the e-book now I um there's a
link in the description box if you want
to do that um I don't know when you can
pre-order the hard copy but I will be
letting you know I'm excited I really
hope you guys are excited too and I love
you so much now enjoy my day with the
saucony Jolie's who I also love so much
and I'll see you tomorrow
good morning I am just sorting myself up
and then I am going to hit the road to
Jonathan and Anna's I think it should
take me a wee while but I've purposely
sort of waited until after the like work
rush was it called rush hour that's the
one um so yeah let's go think I've got
big enough lot of water say made my girl
worried about a new toy look I like this
new toy and he loves Zoe you have to do
a big smile now the cameras on yeah
doggies oh what's he done
that's daddy's camera is it this is my
one oh look at the doggies it's one for
everyone in the comments
hello that's more than I thought they
would be I don't know why I thought they
would be bigger oh you remember cameras
on you don't ill which ones this one
that's there
oh she was the one that instantly came
and sat on my lap okay so which one's
mine yeah basically oh yeah the haunted
section oh my goodness
I bet you stopped watching scary films
now you can guarantee yeah we're making
some SodaStream yeah you're not sure if
we made something that's extremely fizzy
okay I like the little cup yes it's in
this race thanks rowdy mom if you watch
this I'm sorry oh my god is it nice I
was amazing oh my god yeah this is so
good it's a way better than rosemary
this is my bottle someone get this I'm
trying
wait two seconds this is just teach you
not to film she is nothing like what it
does to him the more he like gets
annoyed right yeah she likes it I can't
try it that is really good it is really
whoa perfect amount
nothing fizz and flavor because
obviously I may be yellow Teddy you can
try anything and no I'm tell you we have
to taste you'd be like a whip toward
morning that's really good is it like
cuz you think you just gave me water but
it's like oh my god I know
mmm it's like sweet it's unexpected it's
unexpected it's like drinking like
caramel yeah yeah that's why I love
these little things these how many of
these
smashed is this masher of things this
has not somebody smart one of our
porcelain ones what are you doing you
talking about Al we think I'll be sick
of you
you takin over all these bed
frisky Oh
is that your foot where's the yen camp
yank has eating something chewing on
something is that nice that is on the
cupcake yeah baby
it's not mine I promise look he's
looking at you know like food Oh No is
the cutest thing I have ever seen you
are do you know that in Disney
hello hi what's going on what's going on
did you sleep on your forehead I'll be
the chairs
hey good morning hi look you're so happy
all the time
you really want to get in that don't you
know me it beat me to it
yeah what are you doing Amelia it's
because you gotta get my yoga attention
like oh look at me Amelia I snuck in Oh
Louise's got that thing everyone eyes
that were like okay my point is the
woods no this is just pure entertainment
for her
we don't what needs to shoot you they
just need to get one of these yeah hey
hey hey hey Zoe we say Zoe Zoe
bye say bye say bye Zoe she's off she's
like I'm gonna buy you guys my walk I'm
sure the peepholes not down there by
Amelia oh good bye guys
oh whoa but by junkies back now from
Anna and Jonathan's I had such a nice
afternoon they are honestly the nicest
people I wish you could I wanted to go
Emilia Eduardo which is so cute and the
dogs were so cute and I just love them
and but all sorry this is you know one
pair is you know I'm being our feet and
our filming The Sims because you guys
are obsessed it's just hard finding time
to sit down and film it because
obviously they're very long episodes so
we're going to start the one for you and
then we are going to Cannes tomorrow at
Cannes or can spell Cannes but it's
called cam I think we don't actually
know too much about it or we knows that
we're flying tomorrow and we come back
Thursday I'm excited it's going to be
full adventure so let's go let's film
the sins buh buh have you ever seen such
a magnificent pineapple on one's head
this is the glitter left in the bath
after I got out oh my goodness so you
can only imagine what I look like I
littering it like Edward Cullen right
now just out of ten this is a pain of
about seven I'm not joking
I just dented my freakin finger I just
trapped it in the that's nice hahaha
