good morning it is a new door and it is
a new day and today I'm gonna vlog more
because I am doing more um first things
first
amaryllis joking um I want some
breakfast and Alfie needs a breakfast
and then we are heading into town hmm
what come on put in my breakfast huh do
not have many strawberries left someone
ate some Straub's okay so I want some
stories where the Roz rumor and think
maybe some mango and some yogurt good
foursome yo Bali
yo Valley honey yoga Oh someone's
already had some of this who was that I
think that's all I'd like Oh
pineapple and some yummy Happy's been
really annoying today guys I'm just
gonna film it personally you're just
 yes it is yes II know you're
already one of my eye I do need you
Matty but guys you know in your knee
your tongue goes back and a tiny dose
spray probably one bit what a tiny
probably why were you actually sprayed
in my one bit wobbly touches Oh his
cheek and she didn't my ass you can
exaggerate so she was I got like a towel
and was I pursue me that you were a
swimming costume on and like snorkel and
stuff because you thought there was that
much water
all right and do it Eve now you can what
do you think people don't know what it
looks with people here to do their teeth
not people with an ulcer because I just
cry the whole time a lot of people don't
like that noise of teeth brushing anyway
let's go where are we
we're lost where'd you run ago shop tell
me where that's how you can man
okay well let's go down here cuz this
looks like shops no no no there's all
chopstick ways there's elderly you wanna
go for lame okay me and I'll for you
come to town today I want you have the
visitor
I'm the visitor I'm building nationals
visit team I know where we are this is
the time it is the Langley room once
words of you who's like taste okay I
know what we are yeah so tomorrow I'm
going to see you as you're watching this
on I probably seen them this we going up
the data you seen them yeah I'm going to
go see Anna and Jonathan and Amelia and
Eduardo and with doggies because they
just moved and they're not actually too
far from Brighton so I'm going to go and
pay them a visit and I just want to get
them like a little moving in card and
like a couple of little things for me
and Eduardo I think well I love this
shop this is one of my favourite shops
we've got some really cute little things
Alfie's in there there is
we are done shopping and now we're going
to our fees mom and dad because despite
this day happy Father's Day dad even
though you'll just let you know you're
in the wrong lane there we go and you'll
see this tomorrow but I bought you a
little present
I'll just give it to you next time you
come down on it so I can see it and I'll
go for a barbecue aren't we we're gonna
attempt to go over Bobby it's not the
nicest weather no my mom said my mom
said that we can cook the barbecue
outside and sit in the kitchen which
kind of defeats the object but I bet you
uh put the fire on as well yeah I know
she said she knew but she's might better
heating on a dream last night
Alfie's mum shot me but in a good way
because I wanted to die it was a really
weird dream it sounds like she just mad
at her and I was like there's no good
way of shooting something but don't
bother asking commenting saying why or
how because the story to be able to get
to the shooting was like a 40-minute sit
down while we were having breakfast this
morning which I'm not so much a bad
thing
a lot with my dreams down so I've
written it down would be too long to
explain for this video but basically she
did it in a nice way because I wanted to
die quickly no it wasn't that you wanted
to die it was date you want to die
anyway
it was either that you get brutally
murdered in front of loads of people or
you quickly get shot in the head yeah so
she should quickly shot me in there
which was better than dying slowly it
would like The Hunger Games but also
like the game it was
it was really weird it's like there was
different levels and and then Tonya was
so sad I when I was a ghost after I died
I showed myself so she could see me and
I hooked her that's like it's okay
but I know he's a wheel I was like satin
Alfie say I wasn't even in your dream
was I think was oh you didn't open along
with Marcus but you both of you were sad
but you weren't me crying I wasn't
crying that he died no Joe was sad but
he still made videos what is that
that's no there's a little article about
us all in you which came with the Daily
Mail I think and his Tanya and Marcus
here's me and Joe we've never had a
photo taken together before so this was
quite nice I thought
cherry Lily healthy known as the sweet
one and then this lady on the other side
here then again my favorite vlogger
I'm not sure we have more influence than
one direction Orianna though yeah what a
line now she's making me a kebab bit of
yellow pepper
oh well double fold in isn't that what
you're supposed to do anyway so it
really stays on wah another tomato and
then maybe just another bit of chicken
that's a big bit I'll hold it okay
I don't look like sexual chicken oh that
yeah okay I'm coming gonna put on edge
okay now there's a seagull
stay away it wasn't too much of a
barbecue it was more heat up in the
barbecue cooking in the oven yeah but
you always it always tends to be because
barbecues are always a good idea but
never a good practical thing unless you
light in a park or the beach then yeah
so I always find the disposable ones
actually work pretty damn well
oh yeah just Facebook ones
don't even know where we are right now
I've lived here since January but I
still don't know my way around guys this
isn't a snare your old college kid she
knows that she knows a little more so
I've just filmed and edited and uploaded
my anxiety video I hope you guys liked
it I went on like a massive ramble and
Alpha's gonna come over a bit I think
Louie is embarrassing I need to put my
phone on charge actually cuz it's about
to run out and um were this C is like
out so far I just wanted to show you
some little bits that I bought for
Amelia and Eduardo I just couldn't
resist mean Alfie we're in the lanes and
then there's a really cute little shops
in there in there there and um I just
bought a few bits um this is what I got
for them this is for a media it's tea
for two and it's like a little set with
a sandwich in a biscuit and a little
cupcake and a cup and this is just a
little card I got them which says new
home and this which was horrible
oh my god it's a tiny little hat I don't
really know what um it is I guess it's
just a cute look at Mary berry mary mary
berries so that's cute and also I got
Eduardo this um I see this little guy
everywhere I don't really know what it
is I know it's French um I think it's
like a teething ring so when he starts
to get his little teeth through he's got
this cute little jaw and gift or
anything I just I really wanted to
because I really wanted to because um
weirdly I don't know if I've ever said
this actually and I've been watching
them a really really long time and when
I went through a bit of a shitty time in
2012 I used to watch their videos every
single day and they were the one thing
that distracted me from life and made me
happy so Jonathan and Anna if you didn't
know that now you do so I can totally
relate to people when they say youtubers
make me so happy and your videos
distract me from I've had a really bad
day and your videos make me happy
because there are other people's videos
who do the exact same to me and yeah I
think it's really nice and um so I just
thought get them a love song song this
not ejective properly a bit late you
already feel more of that dish you're
feeling my shoulder not even my face
with that who else is a badass and eject
the disc
my dad doesn't he's a badass and ejects
it like a mentor who's a bandage Eckford
disc he's a badass
it doesn't eject the disc I never do
don't see something proper hardcore yeah
don't fill my laptop Oh didn't even a
jet that mutter mutter why are you
riding your bike I brought Zoe this bike
for her birthday March the 28th okay I
bought this fight for Zoe on March the
28th how many times have you used it
just out of 10 this is a pain of about
seven I'm not joking I just dented my
freaking finger I just trapped in a
house mice turns mice are seated down
here I feel really no the only reason
I'm not swearing is because you're
vlogging me can you not see that yeah
they can see it as well
look guys they're they're gonna be like
you're so horrible now let me out you
see it it's bruised I just wrapped it in
my bike better I wanted to ride my
bicycle John me like you take this I'll
get your bike for you Thanks
well the thing is guys is that Alfie has
a bike too and we were going to go on
bike rides together I think I'm covering
all this go tonight and then I
everyone don't weights as well because
we're with we have one helmet between us
that's my helmet and it has a light on
it so we can that really hurts
first time I've been comfy - Rehan
camera you just stood there filmed me by
guys right down now
steady on don't bash them cuz our ego
yeah what's that
did you do 50 what's that from then I
what you on about everyone in the
comments if you know what I'm on about
what is it how can you not know
do-do-do-do-do did Zoe goes with crack
at a night time 10 o'clock she's usually
asleep by now guys just license one word
look at her laughing is that largely
true
sorry to go out my finger that really
hurt
the bike get my finger out Charlie I
found a video the other day I don't know
how I found it you were searching selfie
neutral I was and I found a video could
sort of zappy very first you now show
when was it from the night of the 8th
2012 which is August right 9th of the
8th 9th of August unless it was the 8th
of September because I know that
Americans do it the other way around
wouldn't know I will show them a video
of like mom I'm going to film this video
later what do you think of it I
literally well write this but what do
you think of this book look what is
inside smile alright when our friend so
she's gonna come live but she doesn't
know how it works let me call her up
from problem from farm
what's his little face my sister no I'm
not gonna go sister although she did ask
and I said No
No are you on your laptop go on to you
now don't come to the shows and press
are you nothing with your Facebook yeah
and then oh don't know you have to join
the to to the live you used to down
sideways smile why don't you do that
anymore I wonder if any of your viewers
of notice that you don't look how much
you've changed look at the hand I was
face you're such a hairy beast now so
basically supposed to be they're a bit
confused now
this is the this is the first time me
and Alfie and then I don't you show
spoke on you now wait wait fret it's
gonna come
what is your sideways smile yeah hahaha
no I think my face just seems fatter
because I keep stubble like it's like
clean shave tomorrow like nothing and
then maybe my face full of skinny and
then I'll start slide with smiling again
I but um yeah that was like the first
you now show you can joint life so we
split both us live as a strange I'm and
you can't actually see me in that video
but you can hear me go hello I don't
know I'm doing that was like my first
you now show and Alfie made me come into
his show and then the funniest bit is
that when I join you guys home everyone
knows who you are haha it so sorry
everyone knows who you are and even back
then had SS you should try and find that
one that we did together where there was
a dad daddy longlegs in their node
remember that time I went to the Isle of
Wight together and then there's a spider
oh I've got it all on my phone like so
many videos of me Zoe
how much Alfie hates spiders I filmed
there just fine like the sizes on his
face
a tiny snippet of the clip in here I
don't know if I could find it if we can
find it then I'll put it in if not
remind us and I try to make Alfie get
rid of the spider and it was massive
like it was a massive it wasn't no no it
wasn't like a little spider is more like
it was kind of like a tranche Allah it
wasn't it was quite a life lesson it was
a house spider one of these awards my
house final it was really fast
it wasn't um so if I can find any of
that I will insert that now is too hard
I'm right now there he is oh look wait
oh my god I can't even do it and you
don't do this stop down with me can you
not do this I can't do it sorry
that's right replace like yeah I'm just
going to flip it no there's something
China in there you can't flip it okay
I'll do ever smash that and get away
right you put your not your tip the
metal thing tip the metal thing when is
running back Hey look can you hear it
just got mad in there hearing
well you find a breakout Oliver I could
see them literally just looked him in
the face
so the first picture of like Zoey
properly in person is this picture here
focus focus but I look hideous but the
first pitch of us together is this let
me turn it sideways and zoom in no one's
ever seen this photo is that okay
happier then is that you know it's the
first picture of us ever did you post
that anywhere don't know maybe oh let me
in your head but weirdly they already
look like a couple there and we
definitely were not know but this was
the first day we met Oh memories what
just happened
basically I had this little one on my
chest look down I'm like nibbling my
hair pull my hair away and this is
hanging out of his mouth show them how
much it is right wait you can't see that
is how much of my hair was in his mouth
as more than I ever get cut off at the
hairdresser's silly Percy you can't eat
your hair how's he gonna digest another
boys we are looking at treehouse design
oh this is not to be fair Louie I can
never imagine you living in a house it's
not ever gonna be a house I am gonna go
to bed now because I'm super tired good
night no good night Louie do your do
your ending peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
oh don't fight Oh
