hello good afternoon evening it's really
late now I'm sorry I haven't vlogged
much off today I've had a really weird
day where I haven't felt very energetic
and I've had a really bad headache and
so I've only just got around to editing
my daily vlog so that's gonna be going
up late so I'm sorry that that late last
night
um me and Alfie well I say me I've not
really done an Alfie Senate haven't you
Alfie's made us some hot chocolate and
run a bar for us
I'm run a bar we've got your bollocks oh
and he's gonna show us how well you can
watch on our channel how we did it it's
not you know it is your hot chocolate
I'm going the other chocolate how-to
tutorial I hope you loved this hat
you're wearing it's my um working
coincidence
um oh my head I hate these days I've
just felt so groggy all day I don't know
if you guys ever feel like that um but
ah lights actually this kind of hurt my
brain a little but a lot of it like um
so yeah Alfa's making us some hot
chocolate
advice and hopefully my headache will go
away I'm really sorry that this vlog is
probably gonna be the shortest dog a
whole of September I feel like I'll be
fun tomorrow though yeah really good
luck tomorrow I feel like this is like
my first failed log of September well
failblog your vlog in the day and you
haven't got much today so that's fine I
slept in the afternoon because I felt
groggy and yeah you're so broken
everything you did today and so am i but
we just didn't do much to imagine if I
put the camera in the room while I slept
and don't had it people gonna be asked
for that weird just to prove that I did
actually sleep um yeah hot chocolate was
really good my headache is kind of
disappearing now I've been kind of
drinking lots lots of fluids and my
video won't say for some reason I'm
trying again just to make sure that it
failed but I'm really sorry that I
haven't uploaded a main channel video
today I think did you turn this a little
bit coches what you watching
oh my god I want him to win so bad I'm
Trey
Andrea in x-factor yes love him yeah I'm
really sorry that I haven't uploaded a
mention of the used a kind of I've just
been feeling really crappy all day and I
was going to film my September favorites
and then I just didn't feel right and
had quite a busy week so I hope that you
can forgive me I'm also working on a
video that I hope you'll really enjoy
and instead of my video there are three
videos that I've been uploaded tonight
that absolutely love first one is one by
Louise which was a get ready with me she
was using all my products which was so
lovely and it made me tear up at the end
so I'm going to leave a link to that
below and I want you to all go and check
out and leave a comment and say Zoe says
that you are the bestest person in the
entire world I want you to write that in
the comments I know it can all that last
bit the second video is a video by my
friend Jim Jim Chapman who also did such
a lovely video just talking about me and
like the products and everything and he
also mentioned the fact that me and ton
have anxiety and it was just a really
lovely heartfelt video and I just loved
Jim I think he's amazing he is such a
good friend and I want you to all go
over to his video which I will also
leave in the description box and say Zoe
says you are the bestest boy made in the
entire world
I like exactly you know that last me can
you stop licking my toes this is what
happens when you hang around the Tyler
you start clicking everything because
that's what Tyler does please don't pull
my toes okay and then the third and
final video is actually video that my
brother did where he pranked me good and
proper
basically he called me pretending he had
a really bad signal I mean how if we
just watched it and what is that it's
funnier than what it sounds we just
watched it and we were laughing the
entire time it's really funny so go over
to my brother's video and leave a
comment saying so he said you are an
annoying brother but she loves you
anyway
and I'm gonna leave all three videos in
the scripted one yeah I won't know to go
and watch Hannah max me video yeah watch
that together yeah we did I love their
vlogs I absolutely love them it's like
every Sunday it's like Sunday with the
Mitchell axes like just like they've
uploaded their week of vlogs like I shot
really well like let's put it this way
guys we watched it before the x-factor
says it all we've got the x-factor pause
because we were watching the videos I
just love the way that Steph and had a
film and I love the way that stuff edits
everything together I love all the songs
that he puts in the background it has
like this really nice vibe to it so I
always go and check that out to and say
Zoe says that your videos are the best
issue oh please don't ever do that okay
don't even know what even wanna know
what just did I'm leaving that in they
can just guess if you get it right in
the comments I'll thumbs up your
comments everyone drank desert I'll be
Justin anyway go over and check those
four videos out in Hana SF's video just
say Zoe says she loves you both Zoe says
no right and Hanna recessed video Zoe
loves Sunday nights with the Mitchell
acts but not as much as with the days I
think literally can you win a bottom um
yeah
so for videos all of which are amazing
and all my favorite people perform Alfie
obviously and yeah go watch them and
leave them the comments that I've asked
you to leave them below
come on you did not read a video today
there was like oh no not help you commit
okay I think it's bath time now and then
X Factor time if my video ever if my
vlog ever saves Lori's tap doesn't a
very cold water so I've been putting
glasses of water in the fridge to make
them really cold and she thinks she's
going to drink this entire glass in one
put it next to your head it's the same
size Hey
Egeria lies helpful that is you're never
gonna do that brain freeze
now you have it it's too cold
oh brain freeze bravery that doesn't
help the headache that doesn't help
addict
oh no we think Oh Charles what what what
no we're we're just about to sit down
and watch X Factor and I'm gonna kick
some of these smiles cuz you know is
smile smiles and but I've found a
problem you know these god it's these
things where the door is connected to
the freezer something's happened and
everything is melting Alfie's not too
much but I am a bit puzzled because
there's a lot in my freezer
and it also means that it's gonna be a
puddle of water which is already started
forming oh we're gonna have look at all
the different types of ice cream got
salted caramel dime and creme brulee the
best so I don't know why it's doing it
maybe it's because that's there
it's just it's just gone all wrong and I
feel like when I shut it it's not it
just I don't feel any section I'll see
the freezers broken do you know how to
use your tool box I don't have one
yes you do what this then yeah they gave
right well you're gonna need to fix this
because there's currently a pile of
water forming on the floor in they go
for a little tan it's the Smiley's umm
sunbed how long will they take I don't
know 15 minutes I'm just going through
the comments on my newest video it looks
like all of you are super excited that
Tyler started and finish my blog for me
in yesterday's video I'm reading the
comments and I've got my blanket and
watching X Factor and the Smiley's are
in the oven Alfie what do you say sorry
dick if you were in that Jam what are
you saying sir I thought the smiley
faces were in the oven I'm not really
excited
honestly good hi guys well methods bed
so he's been asleep for about two hours
now and obviously as usual she's gone to
end her blog so Zoe
say goodnight to your video say
goodnight tell them you love them
you send that to the ways in that is it
why'd you have to say that
set powder steel why why'd you tell them
you love them
why isn't enough to them do you yeah
won't you love them
you tell them why tell them three
reasons why you love them number one
number two and number three there were
the same reasons but it does that count
of three separate reasons are you asleep
yeah were you dreaming of
we dream you know they don't know don't
say good night to them
I love speaking today when she's asleep
because she never remembers any of this
in the morning so right I'm gonna try to
get her hand over the camera and see
what she does
how I am my vlog would be my hand over
my camera every time Larry and vlog like
I do put hand over the lens yeah don't
do that
you don't know where it is to make sure
you keep your hand up in the air feel a
little hand up in the air put it up you
ready to put it over the lens you ready
go and then you do that too and try
again
Oh nearly
Oh put your hand over
yeah and then god no
