hello everybody and kind of lost my
voice a little bit um uh it's a bit
better now I've eaten and had a drink
but uh I think this is just some weird
side effect or whatever the hell was
wrong with me the other day and I'm
doing a lot of coughing my voice sounds
so weird
um I would say oh my god I'm sorry that
yesterday's vlog wasn't very long I kind
of feel like the majority of the vlog
was me and Miami driving home I think
from tans
to here it was like overall around four
hours um and then when I got back I
watched Prison Break with Alfie but I
fell asleep
so he's like two episodes ahead of me
and if any of you are like watching a
series with someone and they get ahead
of you it's like oh no like you're
really far behind I'm really sorry about
my voice
honestly I'm trying so hard to speak
normally right now mm-hmm
um oh that's bit better no it's not and
so he's two episodes ahead of me so I
think Stan would take it easy I'm gonna
try not to speak too much so I don't
know how well that's going to go down
with vlogs I'm gonna have a makeup free
day um I know that yesterday so a few
wrote some comments about my spots but
guys we all get spots I'm not gonna
cover them up just for the vlog like
this is my day-to-day life
um so I'm just gonna turn the camera on
plus I think spots so normal like I'm
pretty sure the majority of you watching
this have spots now or have had spots at
some point just embrace them it's an
extra bar of you makes your face more
interesting basically I had like the
nicest weekend at Toms obviously
everyone else was in New York and I did
feel really sad that I missed out
because it looked like they had so much
fun but it was really nice to just hang
out with Naomi Tania and Jim who are all
such amazing friends of mine and I'm
very lucky to have them as friends
definitely um
well so gonna say
- laughter like I'm giving you like a
life update and it's hurting it's really
hurting
Oh what was I gonna say oh I think my
wisdom teeth are coming through I know
that my mum and I think my dad had to
have their four wisdom teeth taken out
before they'd even grown through because
there wasn't enough space in their mouth
and I have a tiny mouth so I know that
at some point I am gonna have to get
them taken out and I can feel them
coming through and it's so painful and
I've not registered with a dentist here
yet which is something that I really
should have done by now and so that's
really scary because I'm not a huge fan
of the dentist so that would be not very
fun and also I'm pretty sure when you
have four wisdom teeth take our you look
like you've been like in a really brutal
fight well if it happens I'll take you
guys along with me
there might be like a Zoey after dentist
video or something I don't know they'll
probably just be me crying I am now
going to go through all my emails and I
also want to catch up with uh Saucony
Joey's because I didn't get to watch
that book yesterday the subs are so lame
but um yeah Alfie's really jet-lagged
but he had a meeting so I had to try and
wake him up somehow which is never easy
to ask especially when he's hung over
I'm over jet-lagged
he's never hung over oh and he's gone to
the meeting I kind of really want to go
for a walk because it's such lovely day
but I do just feel a little bit a little
bit I feel quite Oh
um but I might be quite nice to get some
fresh air so we'll soon see but for now
I'm going to chill for a bit and do some
emails and rest my voice box ah
but uh bye been wearing a bar I'm gonna
have a nice pump session
things I want to use and I want to use
one of my lush bath bombs but I don't
know which one it all looks very orange
in here um this is soap that smells
amazing
mmm this one maybe that smells so good
what is this Hey exhale inhale yes I
think this is a good one okay we pop him
here ready going in Hey and I'm not
going to film the whole thing because
you'll be super bored it doesn't look
like a fast phizzer
it smells amazing though so good
I've just got out my bath and I look
just as the Bing was like floating
around in there I thought it was just
the sticker from like the bottom of a
bottle of shower gels alone and I pulled
out and it was this which was inside the
bath bomb and if it wants to focus it
says inhale lay back under the water
listen to your heartbeat exhale and
relax which I thought was really really
nice especially if any of you are having
a stressful week and Felix and Marty are
coming over later and then we're going
to watch some American Horror Story I
believe so that's going to be good I
think we'll also get a take where maybe
a Mexican tea I'm feeling like a Mexican
takeaway I want my voice to be normal I
was trying to google whether it's better
for me to try and exercise my voice or
rest my voice I don't really know which
is better so I'm just talking the normal
amount but not as much I have just
decided to put a little bit of makeup on
because monsoon feelings are coming over
any minute I wanted to keep my skin as
like makeup free as possible today but I
didn't want to look dead so I'm actually
using this and so I'm using this which
is a tea tree florists baby
cream in oh one and I've mixed it also
with o2 because um that's quite light
but that's kind of darkish and so I
follow the to mix together look quite a
nice match for my skin let's try and
focus back on my face
oh and then I just have on what did I do
with it this which is a Bobby Brown
crayon this looks so good this thing is
basically like a giant Oh God it's
basically like a giant lip pencil and it
leaves quite a matte effect on my lips
but I quite like it I feel like red
lipstick makes me look a lot less bill
um
and therefore mascara I am just using
the their real mascara by benefit and
that's it that's all I've got on my face
because I I don't want I just want to
make a little bit of effort but it might
see and Felix are here and we're play
we're playing this oh you already play
tonight exciting but I haven't played
this on my channel it was on Joey's
channel if any of you have seen it is
really quite terrifying
marzia doesn't really like balloons and
this is going to be interesting and
we're also ordering I'm we'll see I'm
already scared that noise already ok
Phoenix has to push into honored to have
sufficient how we compressed honey no no
no no no no no no - same one - OH same
one - one that's good another one I'll
thing you go are you serious Oh three
one one - okay
I can't hold it no I told you it with
ten they're all personal I okay
Ayana okay yeah we're watching American
Horror Story and we also have my voice
and we're also eating some Chinese I'm
stealing your food by the way
stealing my rice I ordered right of
pineapple which sounds kind of odd why
won't you try it
mmm where are you come on sit down your
own veg guinea pig Hey oh you little bum
fluff you little bums laughter you doing
are you doing oh my doll
mm how do you feel about my voice
am i gay why I don't like air like on
healthy I don't like it
you sound good as young as a little but
no little were like a husky man does
this sound like my voice is breaking
yeah but constantly like Consular that
the whole time
oh I hope there's no window it's
actually got better throughout the day I
feel like yeah I think it has as well
and so hopefully I wake up tomorrow no
just going yeah that's why I keep down
hello no yeah drop the bass drop the
bass now that's good look at your throat
okay hello hello nearly almost all okay
anyway mark Sarah Felix have nap Marty
okay I've now gone home and we've never
seen American Horror Story for but I
know that a lot of people tada stretch
it and we were watching it and it's so
good I like scary things so if there's
ever anything like that that you guys
know of let me know in the comments and
if there's any really scary film then
let me know what scary films are really
good to watch cuz I really let's go
films and I need some new ones if I can
watch them all
God they go so you see it no yes no it's
good oh yeah you have a book - no no
then really huh
no I'm hopefully I will see you guys
tomorrow with a normal voice good night
good night guys night guys weird voice
hey I'd say it normally
I can't laughing now good night guys
good night guys you Matt doesn't me it's
grosser oh can I um Alfie what are you
doing this is our sleep is this like
your setting I can't keep my mouth
closed because it goes wonky do this
then close is this like your version of
plastic surgery this keeps me looking
young anymore des keeps my face
non-drinker so therefore this one guys
what is this
what could you is it's like squished
yeah I don't want old ears when I'm
older you'd I don't want any of that oh
he actually wears it to stop him snoring
no it is not
yeah she doesn't oh oh my god what am i
doing with my life right guys
good night Alfie is your face not gonna
droop now you've not got those on I see
that yes you Mentalist guys I just got
up to get a drink and look at the sea
outside that looks so crazy it's crazy
good at alfea it's like lighting up so
much that's cool isn't that
what if you can hear the sea
kind of 1ik on the beach right now what
we did it says oh he just got me out of
bed and it I don't even know the time
let me check okay that's five to one
five minutes to one so we just got me
out of bed I was literally my boxers in
bed because she saw the water outside
and wants to go and have a look so
that's always am I wearing this is my
Beach cut up in the middle of the night
she's a widow let's go to the beach you
got my keys guys look how cool is this
there's no one here apart from alfie
deyes
I feel like I won holiday except dressed
her up it why I'm like oh I got how cool
it's creepy no one can see anything
anymore
hell no so dark look I just want them to
be able to hear the waves you can hear
us
guys if any of you have all the lights
come back on now let's yes no I just put
my phone light on oh my god the front
looks so disgusting guys this is so cool
got a little legs off the edge he we
both got slippers on
got my onesie on and we're sad but just
come and listen to this vlog I always
find that the thing that makes me really
calm is the sound of giant trousers one
is the sound of the sea push you in when
the water for me let you can see our
shadows or they can't see I just love
the sound of the sea so much the lights
come back on again
should we go down numb we're onto the
beach you can't jump down this bear no I
could rip it up it probably wait there's
the stairs we could just go down walk
along the wall Hey go past me that way
all gone you will passed okay
it was gonna be like dangerous skies
it's pitch black
honestly in real life guys it's not as
bitch black as on the camera
pop
this is like Louis old blog the danger
speech at night oh wow my slippers were
not fit for the stones I'm going to ruin
them
Wow my weight is this or where
oh my god there's sand okay okay guys
the floors wet but over this wall
there's sand
should we go down no it's where it will
ruin a skit
toilet really disgusting No
go on then my sniff isn't gonna get
ruined yeah they might yeah
no anymore I'm just gonna rub it on the
beach at 1:00 a.m.
my shoes are so wet I've seen the sea
out of you yeah yeah I've lived it like
20 years it's
say to DJ yeah hey guys
yeah celebratory dance go not a social
inventory quick I got an out you're up
I've got a light in my hand as well
bye guys you look like a ballerina oh
look at this guy's it is so pretty
beautiful
