what day is it time it's the day of the
barbecue and also as you're watching
this it's Tonya's birthday feels really
week's it's not my birthday yeah I know
but when they watch this it will be your
birthday so they should probably go and
say happy birthday to Tarr yeah we are
off to get Todd's birthday cake goblins
are free time ah
what else is having a birthday well how
dare they your girls will be the best
joins with police outside the house
Whitmore knows where to go now I'm
pretty sure everyone you've invited
knows a left heart yes I'm on my dad
yeah I would be so relieved with it yeah
no party yeah we have a question we've
just been looking each other's danglies
now I know that sounds really wrong yeah
good one Jim's got the biggest dangly
silent Hanks to the right and it's sort
of hanging to the right of it and we're
actually talking about that little thing
on the back of your throat and Tom
pointed out that when you go ah it like
flings back so they're done so I'll show
them because basically we want to know
or my eyes leaking we would like to know
what that does know what is cool and
what it's called and why we have it
there in the back
yes just like a little tail mouth tail
Tom likes to look at Jim's dangly all
day long we wanted to find out I'm sorry
I'm using my phone now by the way my
camera died we wanted to find out if
anyone had ever have their what's it
called other lots of a love Allah
removed and I googled it the surgery you
can have it removed for snoring and it's
called a velar palate or Farid Nergal
upholstery Wow
that's the name that's a thing starting
to stop me from snoring
it'll get our danglies from me so
delicious gizzard ungli when you snore
then I hardly deserve this night like I
tell you really yeah I don't know who it
was I was gonna come and see I did hear
it was she was not it must have been me
I was like Nationals when I like older
English well my throat hurts or maybe it
was me oh you are just awfully low no
laughs I can hear you like I'm getting
poorly okay we're off now to get some
cake Miyajima in Tesco doing um a bit of
a shop just got some more semis whoa
look how delicious dinner so Junior it's
really nice and Helen LV yes I'm going
bus places oh yeah those are nice too
my Barbie be mrs. Deeping do you like
this Olivia
yeah it looks like you're getting
Bertolo and stuff yeah I like did you
eat in walking back to the car now okay
Jim's got a kay-kay marry me go hey whoa
why were we allowed to carry the cake
are you serious oh we are too crazy so
we got weird Carrie boring test go by oh
yeah I've designated jobs done yeah they
look so good I got that all on camera
okay man's green and we just had a
really lovely lunch in number 33 watches
I love exposing yourself steady on
and now we are going back to tan and
gyms and we're going to start setting up
hallway we need to do music bunting oh
yeah oh we don't have any balloon you're
a simple one sir okay we'll do that and
I am not feeling very well so that's not
good
I've got a very sore throat so I'm gonna
do a bit of best defense they will look
after hello yeah I mean II just my luck
that it happens well I can so Maggie I'm
sure I'll be okay touch Brooke Jim is
now trusting me with kay I'm not sure
how I feel about this how did
responsibilities man yourself
somehow I've proven myself by carrying
the bags to the boot very successfully
without dropped in enjoying and no
exactly
whoa oh no guys for two kids this is
what you have to do with the first
defense and I'm really scared
did you want to IDT's class breathing
like normally would be red sweat last
last three don't even too deep because
we'll go straight to your lungs
oh yeah
okay look out look out fire shoots I
know oh my god very good like what nice
that fell into your brain oh my goodness
let's just hope I don't get ill now no
I'll go to how you can would like that
going in there Johnson you have some you
know why what risk
just so you guys know this is cool it is
not drugs it's actually just I'm gonna
speak yeah yeah
yes nice oh no Jim sneeze in the past no
no it's gone Oh pineapple even my
goddamn bone in there oh yeah now you've
messed up your burger yeah I'm having a
really fun barbecue everyone is here
you should do like a little panic
everyone now looks really empty it'll be
getting as my nanny in front does I'm
gonna I'm dad way from Zoey's video look
also um funnily enough it's a lot of
boys and then turns mum down by the face
yeah animu the boy song it's just so
yeah you give it a lot of my best
friends here and
really good hey guys so you may notice
that I'm not Zoey and something happened
today
girl thank you die she didn't she said
but she's very very poorly I'm feeling
upset her
and then basically Zoey felt ill at
breakfast time and then it got worse and
worse and worse and then she watched the
point where she just had to go to bed
and she looked really bad
not in a mean way but you just looked
really poorly so I went and got her
medicine from the shop and we had a
lovely date in a weird birthday barbecue
you enjoy it I had a really really fun
day but we did miss Zoey whenever we
were doing some particularly fun but we
did some gymnastics in the garden just
messed around and I was but I was like
no so he's missing it but I'm yeah I set
my alarm so that we could watch Jim on
phone do that really how you woke up yes
she's the best at suggestion and
basically we googled and what we think
Zoey has which is tonsillitis is
contagious so we didn't want no Amiens
very sleeping in the same bed that's not
gonna don't hold it nice like when
you're ready to get better yeah so I
think on this what out this right back I
bet you already I thought she was my
clothes then she Lea me in the night and
just be dripping wet yeah you do that
when you're El Djem it's just I don't
know yeah coming out like my filming
somebody oh yeah it's very hot and yeah
so baby we have just spent about half an
hour making this amazing with Naomi
which actually like a super king sized
bed now get in as we can see how you
look I practiced have a my OID
oh yeah we made her practice and we were
like how can we improve this and the
Christians were slipping a bit so we put
the rug under the cushions but it kind
of shame ask where she is
oh look guys like squish squish yeah and
here's what my birthday presents I'll be
opening tomorrow morning
all of them have you got me presents Jam
you have to watch some nother vlog to
find out what the prisons are I'm sorry
I haven't been on my vlog I was not well
but she looks really cute to go to the
doctor's tomorrow I'm taking Kinect why
this is the best so he's been right now
because she's got lots of lemsip lemsip
or something like that inside you offend
your friend but we were definitely the
edge had a nap but oh my goodness she's
really bad you're talking about you look
horrible days I felt yeah bad day to Eve
isn't it all right Dana life yeah it's
what you want to thank you doctor
starting in the morning geez man to have
sex and you'll be writers ready have a
walk-in Center nights really
good-looking me that's what it's got
it's more content doesn't and if we go
either you won't have to queue because
otherwise that I'd be really annoying
you take that I don't think people care
about a look makes me sorry won't have a
really good time you'll be able to enjoy
it so I hope it doesn't get worse if you
get worse you have to stay in bed do ya
jingyan Dance Moms yeah that's probably
Walter yeah I'll set you up okay well
I'm gonna say I've got the bestest
friends they took great care of me did
there's nowhere I would rather be ill at
I bought our dine bar in the shop when I
bought in your friend she did um and I
want to make a great pair of me and I
will see you tomorrow I may be worse I
may be better
who knows he'll be better positive
mental attitude sweat it out tonight and
I'm already sweating out I can feel it
one that I've got a sweat in my boob
crease it cleavage that's the one eg
James me yeah I can't even hold the
camera oh good night something's
happening we're in the spa battalion
you're right hey everything oh I got one
I there's two physically with me we're
having facials which is actually making
me feel a lot better
babies turn up she's going around the
flannel hmm we're listening to uh what's
this song called listening to Candy's
Greatest Hits get this funny right now
can you will start new meditation I
wasn't ready happy sewing went on to get
a thank you look at my stage is really
gonna work somewhere top of the pyramid
how do I meditate okay okay I've got to
go I've got to meditate bye guys
Jim palms on your thighs please
really proud of all of you especially 9e
sucks you should all come brain goes to
meditation next time you might care for
myself as well say that you saw Jim oh
yes what are the ladies to everyone I
didn't know what it is that necktie you
put me here now maybe there's a time for
giggles miss not right now so Zoe don't
join in with them you know you're
talking you know you talk my pyramid Jim
you know massive comparison yourself
just notice yourself Naomi notice
yourself because very noticing yourself
just just just be like Oh son you can
juice out of Alka jump ad help get that
off me
but slug let your shoulders relax where
I seemed gradually rest
that's not nice will bit the hell
kensrue my army yeah it's like just
popped out a perfect is what I come to
New York with the other point just
listen to the neck is now on your chest
and heart area noticing any sensations
there oops
mMmmm any tension begin to melt away
this crisis ation I'm gonna stop
vlogging now because that's too much Jim
and also we need to meditate properly
goodbye
