good morning everybody it's the day of
me going home and going to my friend
baby shower so I have her present just
making like little piles by the door so
I don't forget anything because I am the
worst at remembering what to take with
me when I'm going somewhere I'm super
excited basically today is one of my
friends from school
Emma I have known her since I was 10 11
11 so that's a really really long time
and all my other old school friends and
my bet one of my best best friends she's
good Alex
I've known her since like we were in
nappies so I'm super excited to see
everybody it's gonna be so fun I just
can't believe she's having a baby like
it's so crazy
and so exciting and the guinea pigs are
munching away on their food bye boys you
gonna be good are you gonna be good
have I got more food for you Pippin look
at the little green mouths I don't have
more for you anyway the journey is gonna
take me around three and a half hours I
think it's about half 9:00 now no ten
probably ten so I need to get going
might stop off at a petrol station
because I do need petrol but I also want
some breakfast because I haven't had
time to grab any oh I need to pack
pajamas because I'm also staying back at
my old house which is also going to be
really weird guys I think what a bit OTT
on the road trip snacks
I've got fudge I've got 12 I've got
chicken caesar wrap I've got some tangy
from love these one of these all they
bring money and memory of the preschool
marches and a massive thing of water
which I'm gonna have to keep down there
freshers because I haven't had these in
years and I saw them I was like they
look good please probably sing on one
the long journey guys I got ki tamanna
here that's why I'm telling myself
anyway almost here
except I'm now stuck in traffic again
I've been stuck in traffic pretty much
this whole journey is now 2 o'clock and
I've been in my car since I was 10
that's a very long time Oh moving
forward basically I'm nearly there I
don't have the best memories of where I
am right now so it's making feel a bit
weird in my tummy you know when you just
have those places where bad things
happen and then you drive through them
again or you walk past them and it just
makes your tummy go ooh I feel like
right now some sort of vlogs
take mine I've arrived at my friend
Jenny's house it's so lovely let me show
you some of the things look at the cake
oh um what snacks have we got here Oh
Chris oh Jenny baby yeah yeah I see what
you did there Jenny oh my god this part
doing those party rings I know I got a
question for you sorry
mmm and here is Emma this is my
beautiful friends your first Internet
debut baby she still has two months to
go right she's coming to my launch I'm
gonna make sure there's a nice comfy
sofa for us this is a nappy cake from my
friend Beth who's just here really
beautiful
are they new born baby nappies they're
like really teeny-tiny
oh no I think they're a bit older
general newborn I know no oh he's
literally born everything that I'm well
prepared now a little stroke with this
watch anyone dated oh my god that is the
cutest little thing and it's gonna fix
can we winter time practicalities you
know you know it was a mum that got you
may think what'll be a bit weird but for
us this is a big deal this is the first
of all our friends to have a baby this
is the first baby shower I've ever you
ever been to it's like we've never seen
a nappy thank you
baby memory baby memoirs love it that's
where you have to like cut off a little
piece of his first haircut and little
fingernail clippings its first - hey I'm
gonna get give you your pardon much no
but there's another part like and this
hair cause it's here car show I just
find little sakes exactly it's boy I can
finally
oh oh I got a little bit carried away in
this shop
oh my god I don't know what that is it's
got little Jurong you know what he's
good
most people have been buying giraffe
stuff ready it's a sign he's guys I
guess you're gonna love giraffes I'm
gonna work it Longley Joe it's gonna
work it lonely oh my god I have somebody
who's a - what you guys will what the
parents want and she they say amazing
these last time I was like they are the
cute little girl I've ever seen happy
bomb
send your picture is bubble ya little
sakhis because I heard from another mom
that Sox get a bit lost and a bit kind
of pooed on and sitting on so thought
you might be if I thought you'd buy them
so they can cover the glove
yeah a little blankie that's alright but
isn't it weird that you're gonna have a
little baby that's gonna fit these hmm
I'm glad to get on my date oh yeah I
think you might have to grow it maybe is
that newborn or not three months that's
it you know nobody sorry so maybe not
quite the well mouth I would actually
fit I think this one's a bit smaller
maybe - no maybe I got the wrong
launcher through it Oh not sex yeah once
more than ever
thank you right
let's fill it with cotton wool and
pretend it is here already there's a
newborn so weird oh I love the old
triple bibs I was trying to look for
some of those that I couldn't find any
oh my god they're so cute and there you
go your baby Brett says my mum is cool
chocolate oh good she'll take that to
hospital with Ukrainian just drinking no
just me oh my goodness you alert another
baby grow this ha ha another hat with an
ugly bit it's like a newsflash newsflash
another baby grows like oh my goodness
me oh my goodness oh you'll be of it I'm
not gonna lie this makes someone a baby
a little bit more present Wow let me
feel oh yeah have you still got the
bunny I still got the bunny but I found
Emma a little bunny when I found out she
was pregnant I got too excited I was
like oh my god like Oh cute I mean
you're gonna have like the cutest be
dressed baby in the world that doesn't
make sense it's not a sentence yeah she
might mine or Mouse's alright
that's just that hey I just uh I just
fell near her ovaries but she says she
said that her ovaries were
screaming so X I can give this a buck
you at your baby
EGIS get the liquor that's weird to see
a man that is so funny when I saw a sec
oh look oh my goodness
joint brains Oh Xavier joint brain for
myself I know oh my goodness but it's so
cute
I literally everything you need is
amazing I'm ready to go another back
ready oh my goodness that's so not you
can you imagine if we were all in the
labor ward with you while you were
giving birth everything else Ricky's in
the corner like a bloody white boy we're
just practicing for but what's you just
saying I just noticed it now all sat on
some nappies by the way I actually
called Mouse's good Alex just in case
all of your writing life as your friend
cool mouth oh my god no it doesn't quit
Mouse what is that a log is there for
dog wait where'd you get token a piece
for off a framed by thought I bring the
cracking Madonna please okay the
grassman is coming back it's very
exciting
you made me jump Mary comes here he
comes okay
it's just an average day for the
grassman Singh Sandman but they're all
looking they're all looking mr. bossman
mr. cross now give us away fast man Oh
different it's actual grass are you
gonna do is a real gras what's it for
all right is he a real man I'm not
saying you do yeah
I'm not being funny but if Felix done
Street layer night Wow fine mr.
grouseman send me some grass make me a
little better off you guys you do this
virus like the - it's fresh meat
fresh low profile
it's cake-cutting time make a baby wish
I wish it was a boy welcome in getting
you oh my god same is love baby
I hope nobody your sake it's not coming
out
forceps yeah what a graduation
graduation we'll do that next year
oh no oh really work it no sorry awesome
yes please how much slightly bigger size
than Emma but not but not much bigger
look at okay
okay show me I'm gonna have a tummy like
Emma's when I finish this cake I hate
big people just currently happening
Jenny's just having a little chat
just making sure he knows your favorite
auntie we've discovered with his head is
here and his bottoms here
oh don't give you a good representation
I feel it looks like it could be real
from the back - no way come on in you
guys reattach but this is Jenny and she
is the one that came up with zoella but
we don't actually remember why one day
maybe well yeah but she used to call me
so Ella and that must be where it came
from so mother did it
high-five Jenny get something real might
lead like the other yeah piece of paper
oh my god um you need to take this price
out the operation wait one oh my god are
you not freaking out why I'm not scared
of these
I don't have in mind a final photo no he
has a slight problem
I know it sorry it's not gonna ask you
out all right operation Elfie phase two
complete how are you going to get down
yeah I'm not holding that he's alright I
got it yes take some cling film with
some arrows I'm here to pick Alfie up
this is so weird because I haven't
picked Alfie up from here in like it's
so long I've not even been back since
I've moved here um so for me this feels
so strange to be sat in like my old
local train station um I bought the
daddy-longlegs with me I made him like a
little house and I put breathing holes
and this is going to be a really mean
trip I feel I think this could backfire
but for all the times he makes me jump
I'm gonna do it where is he
I have missed him I've not seen them in
the last two days so I'm like desperate
to give him a hug
and the daddy likes it's only because I
always want to try and find one and
they're never there when I want to scare
Alfie not scare I'm just very bit of a
prank on him um and then there was one
at Jenny's house and I was like oh my
god and before I leave I'll take it with
me as a nice little present for Albie
can he see kissing
I got you a little present
what you mean I've got you a little
present be quick my camera's gonna run
outta charge yeah same ok I'm going to
go on hand all right
I'm scared got your little the hell
friend oh wait ok the ml why did you pay
me that no no you know that man yeah oh
my god no why did you do that did even
check I just opened your Oh fee you
watch it no no no I'm gonna pick that
empty box up pick it up I'm gonna pick
it up in 10 minutes
pick it up it's gonna get him out yeah
gorgeous don't leave him in there get
him nice party all right listen to me
don't miss me it's got hole in the top
of it he's gonna come out now so give
him 10 minutes until he gets out then
I'm gonna get the box that is not funny
did you like it I didn't like it why I
get you nice presents maybe I wanted to
try and do it 30 long legs this was the
price is so long worry I'll remember
that when I run into the room in the
middle of the night with a fake gun a
knife I'm not scared of guns and knives
mommy I'm scared of when I'm faced with
this is really weird this is really
weird
I'm not be back kissing this January
I'll let you got window singer let's
have a learner ah my old house look it's
so clean without me and Joe here dad
isn't it there's nothing number that
cable yeah where are the shoes
hello dad hello I can see the back of
your head in the mirror in the window my
new haircut
oh yeah like your new haircut yeah it
does go ahead it's really nice I'm going
to a product launch oh yeah yeah
109 porn thanks next week okay yeah cool
walking into a room oh I see that Josef
finally owns it my new iphone 6 that's
also weird
I was waiting oh how wait is this
we've got sleeping this tonight let's
see oh my whoa I think I just saw one of
them whoa you're paranoid now come here
I'll pick you up
fee just now - sure oh my old Teddy's
back bonnet my Christmas jumper being in
the middle of a field brings dangerous
animals and spiders it's so empty I'm
ready to fight it's so t st what's in
the cupboard before this was the most
floral cottage you have ever seen one of
Joe shut my Snoopy and a wig on DVDs
there's no ID - shoes oh look there's a
book by penguin someone else got book
live anywhere its broom are you straight
my videos here sit down and pretend to
do one alright like this yeah was there
hi everyone here I am back in my old
room I'm gonna play you a little song
it's called back in my old room
Oh interesting work
what we did did you leave this blogging
camera here as well oh yeah
and is bonjela Honor this is a cars
really dasyam Ruby dogs kids sisters oh
thank you for the guinea pig you gave us
we loved it so much we love the way he
squeaks I love Daisy and Ruby because I
got them one of the little guinea pigs
you know the ones you can turn on like
they squeaking you feed them and stuff
not real ones because that's such a
normal thing to know about you know one
of those guinea pigs do you feel yeah
what spider yeah I told you there was
one in here oh no trust me
minimum of one daddy longlegs in this
room and I'm not sleeping in that he's
gone I don't think there is I can sense
it no trust me no trust no Alfie thumbs
up please goodnight guys me now if
you're getting out time to try and sleep
in this tiny single bed I don't know how
we did it for so long because oh my god
like I don't even think I'm gonna be
able to fit in here I'm having this side
uh how about no not I am I'm having this
side you're having that side how about
this think no look look I'm in now you
can't you can't do anything about it
I'm here you're gone this is so
uncomfortable
oh you've got like 92 pillows on top of
each other
this pillow map is like that's your
favorite one is the chow
oh look at that time to come around
you're gonna hurt me like a run I have
that round you mean I need to care too
much like the bed it doesn't weigh
enough in anything to my son bed nope
leave up now
have you seen the spiders in the
bathroom by the way yeah that's why I'm
not sleeping in there why would you want
to sleep in the bathroom you need to get
a laptop something floor which means you
can have to get out of bed which means
you'll minister that side of the bed or
see your friends on the other side of
the room you might wanna put on charge
every night smart to get out of it fit
up and charge or say night I'm done
scooch up then no come on nope
this is my side of the bed oh oh it
looks so happy oh good night oh girl
don't you move up the leg no where is my
oh I get off my side of the bed now just
think our bed when i tape you up
the only thing I have actually naked no
no they saw your pants before how oh you
live in it no you're not sleeping this
way you're simply Joe's own bed what you
do in that's not your side this is my
side
right ng blog it's not everyone look
like mine's been a part of this day
oh my god I'm not reflect in goodbye
