good morning everybody it is myself and
Alfie here on this rather gray miserable
very cold Saturday but we have something
very exciting well I had something very
exciting
basically for Christmas I bought my
friend and manager Maddy some tickets
for the Harry Potter and the cursed
child play because I knew she really
wanted to see it so managed to get her
two tickets she's been to the other
thing
Harry Potter thing the studio tour like
yeah and she's like a huge fan of Harry
Potter like you would have seen in my
vlog I said what's your favorite book
she said Harry Potter and then I got her
tickets for her to take whoever she
wanted I wasn't like saying oh here's
your ticket with mine like I just I
don't agree with giving - oh yeah
and then she very kindly invited me when
she opened the tickets for Christmas she
was like please come with me
I've not seen it either but Alfie has
seen it and he said it's one of the most
amazing the most the most amazing thing
he's ever seen and so we've had this day
planned it's Christmas we knew it was
coming but the flower I was like I'm
driving into London like are you gonna
have a day in London we could drop Nana
off at your mum's and you can come and
meet some friends and like accompany me
into London and then like go and hang
out with who you want and do what you
want Oh our taxis here okay say in a
taxi on the drive he's like calling me
mates he's like
I'm so jealous that you get you get to
watch this performance because it's like
the most insane thing I've ever seen in
my life
why don't you see if they've got any
tickets because of the weather and
everything I was like those people that
were found to have canceled and these
tickets are hard to get
oh really hard yeah so then Alfie looks
on the website he said I got this ticket
there's actually tickets and he office
around a couple of his friends but no
one's really everyone's you this already
seen it some have you seen it twice yeah
or like hanging night like that feel
like we need to just tag and drag who
that was I think everyone knows he's
hanging that was Joe the other side that
drinks for the both of us so I'm just
gonna get one ticket and I'm just gonna
go my own house is sitting in the
theatre jammy sod has managed to get
together actually better this you're
technically closer you're three rows
closer yeah but it's the same air light
I mean it doesn't matter but how funny
is that
I'm c22 be Zoey see 22f
literally light we could no charge I
will annoy people but we can look each
other yeah we can like secretly text
each other is there signal in that or
not yeah I'm guessing but anyway we're
now in a taxi on our way to meet Mady
who currently has no idea that alpha is
also going to the theater still just go
she might just be like I wanted to dev
man you know I think she'll be so
excited about there I just think it's
really funny and then that means also if
it paid off you can
afterwards we can drive home together
which highlights the end of life 11 it
ends really like much oh yeah and we can
have lunch in the interval but yeah I'm
really excited to see it
Althea keeps remembering things and
being like oh my god I've just yeah some
of this scenes all why God let me know
if any of you have seen it and what you
thought of it
but yeah I'm really excited there's my
second time my London home can you
imagine she's home flags up is it
Wow happy
it's okay I'm his background logging so
I'm doing under cheers looks great
hello everybody welcome to my week I've
actually already done two days of the
week but what did we do on those two
days I have seen you on both of them
interviews Mady and Cara have been doing
interviews Oh first day in the office
I've also been ill which i think is
probably one of the main reasons I
haven't felt like picking up my camera
because I've just been like snotty and
had zero energy but thankfully yesterday
I did perk up a bit and today we have
come away to Berlin Germany and I've
never actually been to Germany before so
this is all very new exciting for me
alfie is actually here as well but we
have just done like a call for about
lifestyle products and we're about to go
down and meet the boys Maddie's Oh
Maddie's boyfriend's also here it's like
who else is with and I thought was just
very quickly showing the room we're
staying in because oh my I think it's
the most beautiful room I've ever stayed
in in my life it's amazing so you come
in the door you get a Mady by the mirror
yeah I know so you can walk in through
here and there's a bar and also a huge
shower with a seat it has a fee the most
amazing mirror and double sink I'm
assuming this is the laughs there it is
every hotel room has one oh my goodness
the dressing gowns muddy I've just never
had dressing gowns in a hotel like this
before because it's yeah oh my goodness
and then through here is like a slide II
wall that is a little tunnel to your
room oh the switchboard
there's a little makeup area a huge TV
and bar area little coffee table the
most amazing Sophie you've ever seen I
could actually sleep on that lovely
little dining area and the bed is
gorgeous and then this chair which Alfie
is already full
in love with because it's perfectly
angled to the TV and yeah this is the
room look at this chandelier as well
it's beautiful we haven't really seen
much of Berlin yet we literally got out
the airplane jumped in a cab and came
here had a call and now we're going to
go down and have some lunch so welcome
to the vlog I hope you enjoy it
welcome to Berlin let's eat lunch has
arrived and this literally looks like
the most incredible people I've ever
seen a lot great food
Berlin and we're going to go into a
Rothman because Rothman are the ones
that stopped my product but I've never
seen them here so I'm very excited see
my German products are they not the same
yeah but it has all German writing on it
they do this a different way
no it's not like soy sorry what my next
- look all these German products I've
never heard of so fun there I am the
little space what you generally will
love these
we're not having a little mooch around
Rossmann playing some things in my
basket I have no idea what any of it is
but it looks cute anybody need any supa
dupa what is my little gift bag yeah pop
one in yes please shopping spree yeah
zoella shopping spree you want the pink
wafers and this one that was with tutti
frutti
no not tutti frutti I can't remember
when that one was no the tutti frutti
was like the clear one
it was early days wearing yeah I am
obsessed with these there's a vanilla
cake pop flavor a raspberry and red
apple and a pink watermelon and
pomegranate and you can bet they all
ended up in my basket lays in douche I
love the names of things for a spot hair
is in there what was it again Elfie
bikal I got two big news actually do you
have two pickles one two
by Rossman thanks for having me we're
now going into lush we can smell it like
all the way across the street Alfie's
being a lovely boyfriend and carrying
all the bits and pieces I bought I feel
like I might do a little like rossmann
or like German oh my god like chick
chick egg
soo cute I might do a little like
supermarket what no what's it called
what is rustling like a pharmacy drug
store yeah Paul we're now coming in to
where is it Matt's dude oh we've got
some nice things in here I'm already
gonna want to buy yeah oh no my suitcase
study just stolen off of you she offered
us a map which is great isn't a hot
Maddie looks like a proper like also
Joel and Alfie look like or have been
wearing the exact same outfit they've
both got white shoes black trousers gray
hoodies black bags and black coats and
from the back me and Maddy keep getting
confused where are we now Mads we'll
just follow you we're now going into a
store called DM which we believe stalks
our lovely friend Ruth creeley's amazing
collab so we're going to basically mud
you've basically gone like massive
beauty shopping one thing that we have
noticed about German Beauty stores is
that they never just have Beauty they
always have a section is like home stuff
which we don't have stores like this and
then okay we have like beauty or home
but they have like a mix so you've got
like your hair stuff and then your
tampons and kitchen roll actually turns
on this very normal kitchen roll and
sleek exclusive one it all looks very
healthy be pure I know I kind of wish
before I come here I've got all your
guys's recommendations but I've just
been over by the makeup and I'm like but
don't know which friends I want to try
like I don't know which of these brands
I like good stories oh I should have
yeah I'll do that tonight and then
tomorrow we can come back that looks
great nice little hotel room snack
everywhere I go these Christmas shops
are following me it's called I mean I
don't know how to pronounce that but
look how cute it's got loads of
Christmas decorations they're all like
adorable wooden ones checkpoint charlie
we've now come to see the Brandenburg
Gate
so cool
just had a bar oh my god I did my
classic walking around got quite cold
had to come back defrost but we've
actually got dinner in how many minutes
six in six minutes
so we've jumped out the bath we're over
but the bath is lovely just what I
needed and we were listening in the bar
too Alfie's podcast that me mark Steve
and Alfie filmed how long ago two weeks
ago three weeks ago it's all been like
edited up so this is the first time
we've got to listen to it through I
think it's great I'm like so excited for
it what do you think like you don't
excited all right
the thing that I really want to let
people know is that like how different
is I there isn't any other podcast like
like do you know I mean yeah like it's
not me it's got a format it there's a
format to it not me just interviewing
friends or talented seventies are
talking about YouTube or that kind of
dishes like nothing there's nothing to
do with me you Steve a mark do you not
me
yeah it's so exciting I would love to
know what people's guesses are have you
asked people yeah to see if anyone would
up I think some people could work out if
there was law if I think yeah I
definitely think some people know what
it is
shall we go to dinner we're gonna take
double we're also meeting Dom Dom's in
Berlin having meetings so he's joining
us for dinner too so there we have five
player double match but I was literally
just out the blue shell I was like she
just thanked Alfie I am absolutely
knackered
the flight was really great today
however because I've been very ill I'm
very tired I don't feel like I was like
on top form did a little bit of
meditation I think I might do a main
Channel video and all the things that
helped me with flying and like flight
anxiety I know that quite a few people
have requested that but I wanted to
actually have like real things I could
report back that actually work for me
and I don't get to do flights a lot so I
wanted to kind of make sure that they
were great
to recommend but I do feel like I've
compiled quite a good list now so if
that is a video you really want to see I
would absolutely love to film it just to
help any of you out that might struggle
in that area because I do think it's
more common than you might think it is
that people struggle with flights
probably for very various different
reasons
no one's reason is probably absolutely
identical to somebody else's but I feel
like I can't speak properly what I was
gonna say is I'm very tired because I
did that thing last night where I woke
up every hour so I don't feel like I
went into deep sleep so I'm kind of I
feel like a walking zombie right now but
I've bought some great things from all
the beauty shops in Germany so I might
either do like a German beauty haul on
my main channel or our film it as part
of this vlog I don't know yeah but got
some great things got double got dinner
shall we go
oh so I say monkey and gel Montiel gel
gel Jill you look really smart and I
don't
Oh evening at evening attire good
morning from Berlin had a great night
sleep
besides that party that was happening
like they were very apologetic about it
though so it's fine that bed let me just
tell you I wouldn't have even known
alfie was in it it's that big like
spread out literally it was very
comfortable though and I feel really
like well-rested and excited for a new
day so myself and Alfie are now gonna
head up and have breakfast with Mady and
Joel and then I think we have to check
out our flights at 3:30 so we're gonna
leave ourselves a bit more time to get
to the airport I didn't actually get to
fully fill you in on the rush that was
getting on our plane yesterday I feel
like oh really
I think Alfie film some clips honestly
it was the closest I've ever been to
missing of
we were like running I I want to see
think we will put in the shopping
section for 10 seconds we just run
straight through it finally running
through the airport with three minutes
until I get closes but he's back got
pulled aside it's been searched
please say this for today but it's all
good we got here it's fine although
actually we rushed all the way to the
gate and then we were waiting for ages
like it was almost like they were like I
weren't really in that much of a rush
but yeah I'm hungry and they're waiting
for us so we should head up so we've
come out and we are now at the Berlin
Wall or what is left of it so the East
Side Gallery is sort of so many
different amazing like murals
Oh
I like this one tour but could I get run
over isn't it
I think how long it would have taken
it's now time to head to the airport and
just as we're doing that the sun's come
out gutters will have to come back it's
nice and sunny with Alfie snips internet
and then we're heading off
good morning everybody it's Friday what
happens on Fridays now la hey I've got
nada in the car with me and I'm making
my way to the office so today is a very
exciting day because we have the final
interviews for the two roles that we
want to hire there's already been a
first round of interviews and now I'm in
the second round of interviews I have a
good idea of the kind of things I want
to ask but I think at this stage is more
just do I feel like this person would be
a great new member of the team and would
we all get on because at this point you
know it's the final interviews they're
good at what they do so yeah I'm really
excited about it I'm excited but I'm
also a bit nervous I don't know I feel
like I'm the one that's going to be
interviewed and I can tell you now
doing interviews as in being interviewed
is one of my like least favorite things
ever out there with them taking a
driving test and then I can kind of
remember that I've done I just feel like
I can't think what to say my brain goes
like completely black I worry too much
about living like the best
representation of myself that I freeze
and then I think I pissed it off and now
they're not going to know like why
really like and I just find interviews
absolutely terrifying so in that sense I
know being on the other side of it I
want to be very warm and welcoming and
that's not to like I don't know I just
like I know how you feel or to make
interviews I know some people love
interviews but interviews are like scary
to me anyway so I'm going to really
think about how do they feel in this
situation and try making us comfortable
so this is technically in a second today
I've spent in the office because I was
in on Monday but I didn't vlog that
because I still felt ill and it was
quite a busy day I feel like whenever I
can ill I really struggle to vlog I find
it really hard because I'm so exact of
energy
the high literally don't be freed up to
our feet like I'm just like but I had a
really great book meeting on Tuesday
where i sat with the designer
photographer our director that Friday
we're headed to her we went through
basically the rundown of the big shoot
for the book which is happening next
week and I will talk on those days just
trying to nail which photos we're going
to take I've had to like ask some of my
friends and they can be around for some
group shots and
like probes which rooms we want to use
making a bit more of a schedule for days
days that was good and then obviously I
went to Berlin it's been a very busy
week and I feel like I've done a really
crappy job of filming it so I do
apologize and I hope you don't mind
these more like chatty captures in the
office and the interviews are done yeah
it was really successful everyone was
really lovely and now we have to make
the decision on who to go with which is
so so hard but I also have this package
which I really wanted to vlog opening
this is from Lily who has just released
her Berk
it's out now the F word Lily pebbles a
personal exploration of modern female
friendship I love the feel of this
congratulations Lily oh my God look at
this photo we need an updated photo oh
so cute oh my god it's actually crazy
this was in 2012 I think to Zoey I hope
you enjoy the effort it's officially out
March 8th thank you for always being so
supportive and for her for carving the
way giving others in the industry some
amazing opportunities basically are just
great ultimate girl boys hope you like
it love from the Lilly Oh Thank You
Lilly and then we've also got black
rainbow candle which is my favorite
dream alone scent ah yay another mug for
the office awesome people club this is
so cool everyone is welcome love that
and then she's given two back so that I
have one and then I can give one to a
friend which i think is so nice and then
some glossier bombs oh my god these are
great oh sorry I was i disrupting your
phone call there I'm in the hut opening
it look at this this is Lilly's Burke oh
yeah I've got one to give to a friend
but I'm not gonna know I think I should
give this to one of my female friends
you can read this one after me sisters
the opinion you didn't ask for I always
wish I had a sister for things like that
oh there we go look
okay Lily your pride of place with all
I'll put it on my side no I didn't I
promise you I did not all of those there
was one another to is I didn't it wasn't
me I'm putting lilies on my right there
we go
my Glamour magazine and Lily's book so
thank you so much for sending me that
lily I am so excited to read it guys
you've got to get this and read it it
just looks amazing
we're now doing a little catch-up in the
huts I wanted to vlog it because this is
our first hut capture and this is what
I've been so excited for look hot catch
ups and cakes
first week in the office is done
everyone else has gone home it's just me
and Alfie left sorting out a few bits
tidying up and getting through our to-do
list how do you feel the first week went
very good yeah even went to Berlin I
know like how did I just like casually
slip into my week that's so not like me
we've offered to people the job and
they've accepted I'm so happy I'm so
excited the team is gonna grow and yeah
what a productive week myself and I'll
fear now I'm gonna make the most of
having delivery here at the office and
order something to take home and then I
think I'm gonna have like quite a
relaxing evening absolutely fab first
week I'm so happy I absolutely love the
new office I feel like it's such a like
huge achievement and I'm really proud of
us both so yeah and also knowledge like
the best-behaved office dog in the world
aren't you Poochie you've been so good I
was a little bit worried that she would
get like bored but there's always new
people coming in and out like the people
who attended the interviews today loved
having her here so I think she'll make a
great little office doggy you sound with
your toy do you love it
it is raining outside we're gonna have
to like run to the car good morning
everybody it's Saturday it is finally
the weekend I am so happy about it
haven't got my makeup done because I'm
currently waiting for Sam to come over
because even though I only got my hair
done very recently
I'm gonna go shorter and blonder because
I just thought why not
I feel like mixing it up a little bit
and I've got my book shoot next week and
I thought it would be quite nice to have
something a bit different for the book
so that is the plan for today and also
poppy
coming over because she's getting her
hair done as well got like some weird
old kinks going on because I have my
hair in a ponytail placed a little order
on net-a-porter I treated myself to some
new candles because I'm a big candle
enthusiast as you know and I don't
really ever treat myself to slightly
more expensive candles so that's what I
did I bought some fullness Ettie candles
which I I do buy it before for I do buy
for people or gifts but I never find
myself so I just thought no treat myself
and buy myself
they look like this they are beautiful
candles she bought one for my mum for
like her birthday a couple of years ago
and I bought one for Amanda for
Christmas or so I have smelt these two
and these were definitely my favorite
which ones did I buy was the sense does
it say hmmm I think it says it anywhere
maybe it says it on the actual candle
there we go these are the two that I
bought and they come with these gorgeous
like China legs
Oh adorable these are two very like
light spring/summer floral scents and I
really like them this is all of mine and
Poppy's hair that's been cut in a pile I
cannot even tell you how much hair is
here look how white poppies is Flavio
that's business if I just cut everything
off oh my god we look so fresh
literally
we're just checking ourselves out the
boys are back so you want to get their
reaction yeah oh yeah I really like it
oh you need to show that right what the
how this is your hair I think but that's
like enough tonight yeah oh my god I
love that we both to spent a bit shorter
a bit shorter a bit shorter by hair I
basically am in love with this hairstyle
and I don't know why it took me so long
to do it
I think this is the hairstyle for me
guys I think I found it
what do you think Sean I love it I think
it looks really cool doesn't it
you need to get tattoos now you need to
get nose-ring
can I bring midlife crisis and poppy
loves her hair as well and I'll be
really like there are my new haircut Oh
a new haircut
let me see oh yes sure yeah I like it
sure Sean obviously Sam is like a style
Queen so she's like styled it really
cool so hopefully I was watching her
very
very closely hopefully I'm gonna be able
to like completely replicate this
because that's my one worry is that I'm
gonna try and do this myself and it just
will never look this good again you can
do okay so I just need to learn to use
like the straighteners not the curlers
because the curlers make it really curly
but this is more like wavy what do you
think Oh your hair looks nice now you've
done it what do you think of IOC shirt I
love this t-shirt because I can see your
muscles you want to get a t-shirt did I
wanted to wear a condom
I like out by Zoey you can make any
t-shirt from my wardens midwife dinner
tonight
she picked the tightest taught my own
yes because you always wear baggy tops
but look at you your mother large it's
not muscles guys this is all fakery no
it's money no he's getting ripped
is it too tight I need the jacket it's
one of my favorite t-shirt jumpers you
own you should talk well it's quite a
sight thumper all right let's roll hope
you can just stay here Oh
I'm gonna get a spray tan of Monday as
well I wish when I was getting it yeah
manically now I'll get this breakdown a
month everybody but did in town the
first issue
yeah what in the time imagine his area
he went to put the spray tan indistinct
was any of us
oh my god
so the reason we were all in the car is
because we have come to Z Z for dinner
I'm very hungry I love myself as easy
wait
oh yeah easy yesterday although I only
had starters have you seen in here I've
got really quick Pilates place who are
you gonna Brad I would like to we're all
discussing what tattoos we want put
something else
add to it
are you gonna get more yeah you're just
either be really spontaneous and just
get on and not think about it too much
oh really yeah style yes though I would
be nice whilst my bath is running
actually to go through some of the
beauty bits I picked up in Berlin so we
went into Rossman diem and Douglas and
these were some of the bits that I
picked up
I'm gonna do this very quickly because
there's quite a lot in there first thing
is this which I assume is a kind of body
wash thus is lollipop flavored and I'm
assuming this is foam oh my god it's
already kind of foaming it smells
incredible so I picked up that I also
picked up this one which is chocolate
cake again smells incredible I love like
foamy things I'm obsessed with foam
stuff right now also picked up this
which is warming sugarplum I just loved
the sound of that as a smell got on my
nose
I found that Germany had a lot of where
Germany Berlin had a lot of fruity
scents which are quite liked because as
you guys know I am currently developing
a fruit range to come out next year so I
was loving at the variety they had of
all the fruit stuff this is an acai of
body power cream so this is the same
company that makes the bum bum cream the
Brazilian bum bum cream and this smells
great
so I was excited to write that I picked
up this Tony moly banana flavored lip
balm that looks like a little banana
which I'm very excited about become a
little bit obsessed with banana scented
products picked up this lip balm which
is a peach which smells delightful so I
picked up a couple of deodorants just
because I really liked the packaging
this is by a brand called eight tonnes
four and this is the chill like alarm at
during hyacinth and vanilla they have a
lot of llama themed products which I
found quite interesting because I've not
really come across a lot of llama themed
products but they seem to like them in
Berlin and also dream like a unicorn
which is you langa langa bergamot and
hyacinth smells great
now this is quite random but in Douglas
they had they had a real techniques
brush set that I had never seen anywhere
before and it's a limited edition and I
was like I've never seen these so I
don't know if they came out and very
limited or they only came out in Douglas
or Germany I don't know but there were
these three brushes and the reason I
mostly got it is because this shaped
brush I freaking love for highlight and
blush but it was this brush but I was
like this looks amazing
I love the look of this brush this is a
targeted blending brush and then it also
came with a sponge so I was like I love
that I'm gonna get them don't need any
more brushes but so I went a little bit
sheet masks crazy and I picked up these
by the brand the Beauty mask company
we've got the I'm assuming watermelon it
says watermelon and aloe vera loved the
sound of that and apple and ginger I
mean amazing I've got a few of these by
the brand Tony moly again this one is
the milk I'm assuming this is just a
milk mask and this one is a tomato mask
I love the packaging of them I got a
slice mask sheet and this is watermelon
scented again I was going down the very
fruity route this which I have never
seen anywhere before this is called a
knit mask this is by a brand called
negan derm dermal adji and it's like a
crocheted
kind of fabric II mask which I thought
would be very interesting to try I also
got these from like a little garden love
collection which I feel really cute
this one is apricot and it is for
radiating and this one is a cucumber and
this one is purifying then I picked up
these mostly just because I thought
these looked amazing I love the
packaging of these this is by a brand
called la juice skin smoothies so this
one is a good one for after Sun
balancing with pineapple peach and
coconut which just sounds people
credible this one is for energy multi
fruit mint kiwi and apple I mean this is
making me really thirsty
and this one's be use papaya pomegranate
and vanilla so a lot of sheet masks
which I'm very excited to try I also
picked up they had a lot of sachets of
like bath powder or like bath granules
which we don't really have here in our
like drugstores and I found that quite
interesting so this one is orchid and
then I do believe I pick this one which
I really don't know it just says ein
portion danke I mean this could be like
tea for I know but it was in the blast
section so I think it's for powder and
then I picked up this one which is chai
tea scented which i think is gonna be
amazing this by the brand treacle mooing
which we actually do have a new clay but
it's not like that easy to get hold of
oh I found another mask watermelon I
also picked up a Tony moly banana milk
hand cream in the shape of a freaking
banana which is not going to focus but
yeah very exciting moves you down
lip balms wise they had some really cool
flavors so I've got this by brown called
level II know I'm probably not saying
that right and that is raspberry and red
apple delish
I also got the pink watermelon and
pomegranate and I got the vanilla cake
pop YUM
so from this brand which is gene and Len
I got a strawberry smoothie and then I
picked up this which I just thought
looked beautiful it's a lip aisle and
it's by the brand rld young and it's a
vitamin lip oil in a rollerball and I
really did get excited about the
prospect of a rollerball because it's
been awhile since I have used a
rollerball product but it has these
really beautiful like flowers and petals
submerged in it are you gonna be able to
see that and I also got two of these
they're called smoothie glosses by a
brand called E and I don't remember the
proper essence and I bought this one
which is the crazy mango and I also got
the sweet peach and that is beautiful it
tastes delicious
oh I picked up these these are I think
my favorite kind of sweets they're like
fizzy strips that are like covered in
sugar and this these ones have cherry
strawberry apple and peach flavor in
them which I'm excited to try
some of these this is the marabou
chocolate and I think these are in like
little just like chocolate coin type
things and then they also have some dime
flavor once I got some those out and I
bought some of this powder I don't know
if we have this in the UK but I don't
feel like I've seen an E and this is the
revolution banana luxury powder and then
this one is the baked and finish and I
seen quite a few people use these in
tutorials so I thought I would give them
a bow like loose powders I also a scorer
now we could have this here I just
haven't seen it but it is the L'Oreal
mega volume miss baby roll and the
applicator for this looked crazy and I
was like oh look at that try so I
grabbed one of those and then I also
grabbed it's a Casillas a concealer by
the brand Catrice cosmetics which I've
never heard of before and it is the
liquid camouflage high coverage
concealer which says it lasts 12 hours
and is waterproof anything that seems
that durable and like heavy duty I'm all
about and it kind of looked a little bit
like the collection concealer to me so I
thought I would give it a try what else
do I have in here I bought one of these
a makeup raid aura
so these are the cloths that you just
get wet and then they're supposed to
remove your makeup so I'm gonna give
that a try and see what that's like but
I think you have to wash them in the
washing machines but I also put bought
some ice Anna hydro boosting eye masks I
bought this because I just thought it
looked so cute it's a hair mask but it
kind of reminds me of those ice lollies
that you used to be able to get apart
and what they were called
it's a hair mask in apricot and you just
tear it and like to pop it on I just
thought that was a really cool idea oh
and then last but by no means least I
bought these which are nail and styling
stickers by essence and they're the
girl's squad stickers and I just thought
they were so cute look at all the
different things on there so you can
either put these on your nails or like
stick them in your journal or your
notebook or wherever you want to stick
really but I just don't they were really
cute and whilst I was away because they
had so a look beauty in that obviously I
couldn't not pick up something of my own
and I was like what am i like needing
more of and so I picked up the pretty
polished sugar scrub which is one of my
faves so there we go everything I bought
I'm really happy with it all I'm excited
to try it especially these like far
granules I might go and put them in the
bus now I've got a sweet in my mouth
which is the most annoying thing ever so
sorry
I'm like obsessive his haircut and I
wish I'd done it sooner the thinking of
making a drastic change although this
wasn't like so drastic this is the
shortest I've been since I was like six
years old so it does feel quite drastic
for me if you're thinking of doing it
just do it
yeah I mean Alfie and I'm gonna have a
bath and I think I'm gonna try and edit
as much of this vlog as I can so as
you're watching this this blog I have no
idea what I filmed this week it's been
very like hit and miss oh yeah I'm gonna
thank you for watching this vlog give it
a thumbs up if you enjoyed it if you
liked these vlogs and you haven't yet
subscribed don't forget to press
subscribe down here and if you press the
little bell it notifies you every time I
upload a vlog so if you don't want to
miss them or you want to be the first to
know I've uploaded make sure you hit
that it's all very easy and yeah thanks
for watching and I'll see you you see
thank you
