again morning good morning everybody
welcome to vlogmas day
these are the pillows papi that skin the
shy taught me that I don't know if you
had me but it was a very life going you
go mate
so it's laptop Club in here this morning
market in this video editing oh yeah
yeah Oh tuk-tuk
I'm not feeling the best today guys
I've woken up with very puffy eyes as
well it's still going wrong for me yes I
would love that
okay I'll go get some yeah hope so
thank you we're about these to find yeah
but a little round top on the witnesses
yeah okay
what was that Shawn
okay
why
see crazy
we've had a bit of a chaotic morning
chaotic but quite slow it's our last day
and Edinburgh today and we're heading
back tonight at 655 so we're having like
a really kind of chilled everyone's
getting their like work stuff done and
all their edits and we've just had
breakfast and I'm about to actually have
a bath but before I do look at this top
I'm not sure that it's supposed to be as
wide a neck as this I don't think
anyone's going Nick that why yeah so
weird they're really soft though I think
they're from Macedon it's day 3 which
means it's time for me to give Alfie
another Advent present if you want to
see what Alfie gave me for my first
Advent present then make sure to go over
to his channel it is pointless blogs
blogs vlogs you don't even know your
boyfriend's channel I said it wrong
pointlessblog vlogs he's just given me
my first present so make sure you go on
over and check that out
and today over on my channel it's
present number two but I'll be days no
that looks really bad the water is in my
lap and then I'm would the covers over
I'm sat in the back of your blog like
this make thank you when we get home I'm
gonna hide them around the house so you
have to go find them but for now it
smell innit
shaking it hello speaking to it trying
it all out
nice shower now that's why I thought I
would give it to you no this isn't like
an I said we were doing jokey Advent
presents this is nice there's a couple
of nice ones in there thank you
also I've got this obviously in the odd
shape yeah I really like the smell of it
it's the molecule oh one but this is
molecule o2 and a flea has the smell of
it and it's really nice I bought him a
woody watch is it one of the ones where
everyone smells are different yeah I
think that the premise behind the whole
brand yeah and I also really like
molecule oh three that's why I wore all
of December last year actually the green
one fun fact
and fact a real oh it's cool packaging
isn't it kind of looks like the Sun
cream that we take on holiday yeah I
miss Mel I probably won't be that's one
thing I never spend money oh my god
Alfie never spend money on like nice
shampoo and what do you wash itself
that's why it's the perfect gift because
people often don't spend that on
themselves but thank you can use that
any minute yeah making it it's my turn
again tomorrow my vlog is uploaded I'm
gonna go and check on my bath this bath
is really big yeah this bath is really
big so it takes a while to fill up and I
see on so it takes quite a long time to
fill up I've had it going for 20 to 25
minutes but we're almost there oh it's a
good temperature as well I've got one of
the lush oils in that oh the oil that I
used was this one from lush and it's
treed bath melt my boss have
this one the Snow Fairy jelly bomb now
you guys might know Snow Fairy is not my
favorite scent but I was intrigued by a
jelly bomb I don't think I'll use it
today oh I'm still not sure about the
smell of it and I do have a bit of a
headache so I think it's no fairies one
for another day I might for the other
bit of oil and no yeah oh my god I'm so
excited to get in this my YouTube video
of choice for this bath is gonna be to
continue watching Joey and Daniel
unboxing my Christmas box now you may
have seen that myself and Joey Graceffa
and his boyfriend Daniel pre de we all
did a Halloween swap and then we thought
screw it we're gonna do a Christmas one
as well because we just love the seasons
and they've done a video unboxing the
Christmas things I got them so do go
over and check that out if you haven't
seen it already it's so funny there's so
many things in it that have made me
laugh so far and I just want to show you
this one bit because it made me laugh so
much you guys know how much I love my
little sprout hat that I got from Asda
when I sent them one and this is what
they thought was a little Christmas
alligator
joey is a sprout it's Christmas bro
honest crumb
we're currently walking into town for
the very last time much sadness are you
going to miss it I honestly really don't
wanna go home I need to know that at
least I know it always goes so quickly
hide oh yeah we're gonna do a last
little bit of Christmas shopping we've
already packed up all our bags and then
we're heading to the airport
no I I've had the nicest time I just
bloody love Edinburgh it's such a
beautiful city and I love that we keep
coming back to explore it more and more
the summer was great
every time I get confused where we are
right oh yeah the hill of dunes bum the
hill of doom Mark's doing some secret
shopping
will she watch this no boys her birthday
today oh yeah yeah which one was that my
love which one you getting us the
smaller one please
success hey and she gave me some free
samples of free song yeah only for
special people she said great gallery to
get some okay sure yet
it's nice we should come back in here
one day and actually have a look around
the gallery yeah oh yeah every time we
go around that tour bus I'm like we need
to go on the thank you we need to go on
that thingy Wow sky
that's insane but really see it
it's like purple and pink that's my
favorite kind of sky when it goes like
that
yeah I feel like it did that last time
we were here but in the morning
so ready to go at night
Shepard's July it's gonna be a nice week
in Edinburgh move it here that just does
not look real yeah
look somewhere we're doing reverse into
the stories Martin oh do you think we
got it straight and you go down like
that yeah but your back has to be
straight on the stairs okay you have to
lie down though oh yeah yeah that's it
oh my god that's my favorite now I'll
just jump from white just jump from up
that oh god no no don't actually
we're at the airport we're waiting for
the boys because they couldn't fit in
our uber marks getting himself open like
what you were getting yourself a little
starboard I feel like Sunday night is
the night everyone travels home or to
work so it's quite a peak time to travel
right now ooh oh my god feel the back of
my head from where the oil in the bath
got my hair does it look bad
well refining through security and it's
time for a bit if yo suits this is
literally like deja vu by some like
yeah how he's getting a cheeky little
time lapse of the sushi what is diabetes
yeah ow he's already going in by showing
on Oh
I'm not like the biggest fan of
certiorari today
Oh a little katsu curry pudding I do
like Rosa
I'm so happy yeah something like yeah
like a little light dream
welcome to easyJet flight eight one two
- London campaign at this time we invite
old easy jealous customers and time to
go home
say goodbye say goodbye sad
Palomas toward you to start the oxygen
for the mask over your nose and math
hold in place with the strap put on your
own mask before helping others
we land off water take the lifejacket
from under your suit put it over your
head
window blinds open and seat belts are
fastened we wish you a pleasant flight
on the beach each other
I try
everyone can do
well I can come by
my god would you
- not even Betty
yes I know a lot
like
why are we doing this this is probably
not good for the skin elasticity oh no I
have any left anyway really
after juice
well it's like wearing black
so as we were coming out of the airport
we stopped off at M&S to just get a few
essentials can you pass me the Ferengi
snacks please do you like brandy snacks
never have one have you never had one so
you guys know I love the M&S summer
ranges and the M&F winter Christmas
ranges because they always have really
like cool flavors and so I picked up
these bits which I just thought looked
delicious of brandy snaps attempting
assortment of milk dark and white
chocolate coated and crisp all butter
brandy snaps that you will love these
Alfie I just know it mini your log bites
yum a some solid milk chocolate sprouts
six coconut tea cakes YUM and also some
chocolate corn flake cakes as they were
by two four four pound 50 mm
after-dinner snack sorted out he's
trying a brandy snap because I honestly
do think you're gonna really like these
which cut which flavor do you want dark
milk or white yeah that's the one you
pipe cream in in in your dog okay
healthy isn't it
I mean it's a branding snap I do
yeah brandy in a snap you must have had
one of these before these are the best
ones what are you gonna eat one of them
try it
toot sweets don't what do you think I
like them but but I don't like caramel
do i oh so now it's all sticking in your
teeth
that's essentially what it is mmm white
chocolate ones and I will have these
after dinner I haven't shown anyone in
the vlog this Christmas tree yet look
how cool it is I just love that you can
see the reflections everywhere it's my
favorite but then we also have another
one in the dining room I'm not going to
turn that one on now though let's do it
look I love that tree I've also done
this on the stairs which you might seen
in my main channel video which I also
love let me turn those lights on
actually down here yeah that goes all
the way up the stairs
also got the fire on so it's going to be
nice and cozy in here I have missed our
house as much as I've loved being away
is always very nice to come back to your
house and it's cozy and it's not as cold
here as it isn't Edinburgh so it
instantly feels cozier anyway because
it's warmer I can't see me thank you
there we go you can see our festive
bedding oh gosh I'll see me and Alfie
are now in bed it's really late I'm very
tired I really hope you guys enjoyed
today it's so nice to be back in my bed
and I'm so excited for the next couple
of days tomorrow we're going to get our
Christmas tree which is something we do
every year with poppy Shawn at Mandarin
it which is going to be so exciting
I always feel like those are the vlogs I
love to watch the most now he's having
to hold a light above my face anyway
thank you so much for watching give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I'll see you again tomorrow bye
