it's Alfie's birthday oh yeah ankles
yeah yeah he's 21 today quite with mum
here as well Amanda and Sean and poppy
and they've made a really lovely
breakfast look at this Alfie come look
quick before it gets cold
oh my goodness I'm so excited for this I
can't even tell you I was so hungry I'm
not given a pious presence yet he
doesn't want to open them he's really
shy Alfie doesn't like opening presents
so I think what I'll do is I'll get them
to am under instead yeah heavy on the
head too happy to have breakfast Alfie
has opened his presents and I'm sure
he'll let me show you them later on
we're just Shawn helping me clean out
the guinea pigs we've done Percy already
oh and I gave him a little bath which
you can watch an Alfie's channel because
Percy loves a bar however this one hates
bath time but love's post bath time look
at him he's like a little baby pop he's
just got anyone who laughs but he's just
chilled he taught me asleep right now
you're probably so relaxed
oh hey but he was an absolute nightmare
in the same I have scratch marks all
over my arms but he likes after the bar
I think there's someone singing outside
there are some listening what's wrong
what how does it feel to be 21 feel
older and wiser
have you learned anything else
knowledgeable today no no wiser then
very wiser
I feel very wiser that's good English
very wiser it is finally time for me to
show you what I got
Alfie for his birthday right I'm gonna
let you demonstrate so what did you
prefer okay they were in number order
Oh another present number one no
wouldn't look away make yo an airplane
which pretty cool cuz I like doing stuff
on that building and making things it's
all your parts yeah it's cool
yeah yeah yeah present number to some
really gloves the RV makes me glow on
the world justice glad ever yeah
perfectly yeah there's number three am I
feeling quite thing going on I didn't
think about the theme nice oh yeah
really like this yeah pretty soft is
nice nice little hat press number four
was from peeping and Percy yeah
which fits perfectly as well the coolest
Christmas jumper I've ever seen in my
entire life
it's so simple so quite quite kind of a
wintry themed and then present number
four number five so far yeah I was an
apple a Big Apple hmm nice ones very
really funny okay
and then there's one present left which
was a box and I open this up and then
inside it is little notes in New York
and then a picture and then this city
guide and then we stick it and plane
ticket yeah Syrians are you going to New
York
over Christmas your time which is and
that's why everything was Christmas in
the Big Apple meaning New York yeah oh
now it all makes sense it all
all fit together afterwards I don't know
I was like oh thanks these clubs are
amazing I'm good yeah I'm gonna love
doing this plane I put it on my own
my dad's never like for months I've been
tense over my deafness Island since
March and alfea's been saying oh my god
can we please just booked New York to go
for like Chris around Christmastime I
just think it'll be so exciting like
it'll be snowy and like everyone be so
excited for Christmas and I was like
everything is so busy and like I really
don't think it's gonna happen because it
already booked it but yeah I'm so
excited I'm more active a stranger in
the snow at Christmas I know it's gonna
be busy and I'm not read thinking about
that much of it but I feel like it's
gonna be busy but like nice busy because
everyone's anybody champagne in the
Christmas spirit is doing like shopping
in London is this it but nobody wants to
be there once you're shopping because
they have to be there but people might
say that everything for New York you
know no Christmas shopping is going to
be like everyone is excited can actually
have some water with some hurricane
arises oh please we've got so many
lovely bunches of flowers here as well
today we've got these ones from alfea's
mum that just looks so beautiful and
I've got these down here Alfie's
birthday cards all this one's this one's
mine that's from emma freud it is the
nicest card I have ever received is so
cute I'm not as nice as the ones out if
he gives me though sorry Emma um and my
nanny's another one but you still got
all your family to see tonight so you've
only had my presence today and a present
from blink your Papa book publisher
which was really nice yeah and you've
got had presents from gleam as well yeah
what were they some books on pubs and
donating your training your plug for
dummies or something yeah um but yeah
really exciting day so far today you
enjoying your boom
hello baby I can see you go he's going
inside his little pouch oh they love it
they're all clean in their cages all
clean we've got their little treat which
is the ball which is a favorite thing
it's definitely Percy's favorite thing
he plays at the ball so much so after
they've eaten the hay from the inside
they literally just throw it around in
the cage it's so cute good good Pippen
normally claims those felt things as his
own oh you both sharing the ball now
good boys aren't you cute nice and white
and fluffy again good boys
and then this up here they've got the
seed some hand there which I do top up
them every day and their bedroom area
and their little tunnel which they
absolutely love these things which
they're playing with I like to put food
in here so that they have to clean up
and kind of get it and then these things
that they chew on giving you a bit of a
guinea pig hutch thing this is normally
underneath as a hammock but I've just
left it there while they all the hay out
and then I'll put it under there we are
in the lid where while we going on d-day
I'll go in our bargain no we're going
out for dinner this is my outfit lift
lift oh oh TD this dress is from H&M
actually basket freaking cool story
that's really cool I'm joking yeah you
like that nice as we know in eternity
and so a bit more covering us out 10
seconds ago we are going to replace
Hotel de man how are you doing videos of
yourself yeah we're doing video so it
goes online so you can I that's not taxi
driver is guys very safely and very well
driven and we're going for alfea's
birthday meal boy a tiny bit late but
it's okay cuz I feel like you can be a
little bit late to it nice fashionable
is now fashionably a little bit late to
Romano yes fine there's an hour look
there look at him look at him look at
him days okay around no oh maybe not yes
this is nice it's really cold in there
look at it seeing also wouldn't see
girls like this you know your bedroom
being up there yeah
oh let's sew this why are you wearing a
dress yes oh this is my place Matt this
is a l'cie open a little bead a little
wish no I think mines the best way to
make it look like there we go I'll be
told scooper
I was reading at earlier on where is it
more carrots taste record and hard like
some crisp matter what is our fond of
than crunching up the red gold with much
wet juice and noise how are you doing I
got a dip for this thing as good as they
do to us this nothing is my writing
where am I writing still looks like yeah
I need yeah what you is definitely right
there there's an even funnier one horse
winters when you wrote that poem I was
13 no hey buddy right there's a really
meal I read here it is so always but
wait wait instructions for making a
sample I say you've all got me yeah you
keep it after mate like your ideal
sandwich these are your ingredients
white red get Chris oh my god doing this
you know I did where were we do you know
I did we had to make a sandwich each in
class I made a poor cocktail Sam
and then they wouldn't let me eat into
after lunch and it was all style and
disgusting I got bad marks now so that's
your watch if you like my sandwich
appetizing and delicious was it healthy
my salmon is not healthy because I have
fish in it what would you made what
about just how much better if I didn't
put Marmite in my sammich it would have
been made guys I'm so much better
oh yes look at that good honest I'm just
two tips oh my god I really want to read
all of these oh yeah drink oh is this
some kind of fun lesson what foodless
always this one that mafia yeah -
dessert design brief I like my teddy
make a healthy sandwich I have one life
I going to die when I'm old I'm goal to
die where I'm old good
I like my Teddy's because like you go oh
Asia flat all the sky I go to the bed at
night in my nightmares I'm frightened
oh I'm quite I like my side I really
love my side I fly a kite okay look at
this bit sorry can we you spy fly a kite
I like my funding going to college soon
whatever it is that that's my bad
videos poor people LC happy don't dear
sir
you don't know what I meant
I'm a bear everything :
tuck in that looks like that bath bomb
from Russia cord Carrigan's cauldron you
go I think it's Bucky dear
good so good look at their fun so I was
happy 20 - oh yeah guys another day day
it's gone your macaroons on a 700 do you
get some these big move coming out frame
X 21 21 today so you like that that's
right and then you take out this middle
piece and then the rest you don't have
you pushed together so none of it
there's no outside so it doesn't go off
at all do you see so now you take that
piece out cut do you see what I mean not
it says not outside so when you put it
in the fridge and none of it goes hard
and then next you cut that way middle up
out there push it together us this poor
to know you're outside of the cake ever
cake science without fides we're back
now we had a lovely lovely dinner wasn't
it very lovely is so lovely have you had
a nice birthday the best ever
oh look at all these balloons for anyone
I don't even remember what I did on my
21st birthday
sometimes you don't have to do something
like super big on your birthday though
it's quite nice such as chill
I think we're new though is do something
awesome another time like I can also do
some the next month now I'm 21 I can
celebrating 21 whenever the world is
your oyster now you're 21
um I've just cleaned the table got some
lovely flowers here candle this is one
of my favourite candles it's the green
tomato leaf jo Malone candle and then
I've got my other candle and some
placemats with my little legs I love
these so that is my my table right now
just in case you wanted to know how to
get to those off yeah it's been a really
really lovely evening um super chilled
super relaxed listen to a bit of Beyonce
one direction your cake was amazing it
tasted so good and now I think we're
just going to kind of chill out a little
bit maybe put the TV on or watch a film
and then I've got to be up early
tomorrow for a photo shoot for the book
which is exciting and yeah I think I
might end my vlog here so I hope you've
enjoyed today and I will see you again
very soon
hey my guys
