good morning I feel like I might have
yogurt round my mouth
I don't good then it is the 14th of
September um poppy and Shawn stayed over
again last night I fell asleep on the
sofa again I keep falling asleep on the
sofa I kind of love it a little bit it's
quite nice to fall asleep and sleep and
then wake up and be like oh into bed I'd
crawl but usually Alfie has to kind of
wake me up and be like Zoe so you've
been asleep on the sofa for four hours
you should probably go to that now oh my
Oh oops
today is a very busy day I've already
put a wash on down the dishwasher I feel
like I had a wire run you through these
things this is like the most mundane
boring things if I don't I feel like you
all think that I've just been doing
nothing all day but I do fill my days
with things that I'm doing all the time
um I just had breakfast Papa Shawn left
oh that's what I did this morning I
wrapped all of our fees birthday
presents because he has gone into London
today he is going to be on Radio 1
actually I should probably be listening
to that at 12:30 so he's going to be on
the radio
um so that minute he left I was like
right I need to wrap his presence
because me and Alfie spend a lot of time
together and any time that we're not
spending together I am in my head I'm
like oh my god I could do it now but
he's gonna be back any minute but I know
that when he's in London he's away and
poppy and show and help me wrap them and
stuff so it was all good and I'm super
excited about our Rees birthday is on
Wednesday at the 17th
so I'm actually away tonight I'm going
to London I'm doing a secret project for
two days which I am NOT allowed to tell
you about it's completely embargoed um
and so if I did tell y'all get really
told off and I'm not allowed to film
there either because it is that secret
so I don't really know how I'm going to
vlog in the next two days but I'm just
gonna pre warn you now
that the vlogs are not going to be too
exciting I'll probably be able to film
in the morning or do a bit of filming
when I get back to the hotel at night
but I'm basically staying in London from
Sunday until Tuesday and then I'll be
coming home and then it's alby's
birthday I mean it's super exciting but
you don't get to find out about it for a
while so don't get too excited
my life has x 3 in busyness x 3 it's
tripled in busyness a lot of it is stuff
I can't tell you about but you will find
out about it don't worry I'm not keeping
it secret forever but there is a lot
that I am doing at the moment a lot a
lot and when you find out you'll be like
ok yeah that's a bit stressful um but
not just that it's like oh god there's a
lot of things going on basically I don't
wanna be giving anything away
um and then I've got the launch next
week no that's not next week no it's not
next week but I do I'm going back home
next week as it's my friend's baby
shower so I don't really know I'm gonna
film I either because I don't think
though they want to be on film I don't
know we'll see um my brother have a bump
up above guess I have a lot of meetings
a lot of things going on other things
life things launch book stuff still oh
no Arnold to finish my acknowledgments
and education okay I need to do that
today as well and I'm going to London
tonight I just kind of feel like a like
word vomited all over your screen I'm
really sorry all on the phone okay I'll
be on the radio walk my legs akimbo and
he's gonna lie on top of me but suspend
his body and his weight on just his toes
and his for art he's gonna do the plank
it's what's called clunk allows me I got
some questions are they ready does with
the questions good so your time starts
now
off you go
Hey y-yeah it's getting gonna dribble on
you oh that's okay I'll try not officer
who is your real celebrity crush I'm not
gonna say weirdest impartially Emma
Watson no I need the world one I don't
have already lost you once I hope you
can turn he's a weird celebrity crush
yeah would you go all the way with it no
I like some what'd you say you're the
worst of doing oh my god every accent
yeah like if you want yeah let's go yes
for Welsh well which right you do on
fast
uh hello that I'm Stephan Powell in the
news today son on and off it is and the
news today
um if you could have a conversation with
any species of animal what animal would
you choose to chat to a monkey bourgeois
you know it that's quite boring isn't it
quite similar to human and a sloth what
as you asked the sloth is it bored
thanks for waking me up a lot of arrests
I was your favorite thing about yourself
a saying why and wow that's deep isn't
it
again to thank on you now as a favor
there what's the favorite thing about me
looking in your eyes isn't it oh I like
that um give me a compliment and you've
got a nice face thank you very much
oh yes sometimes I can't really make out
of your features can you see my entire
face there yeah I could put my tongue in
I'm not going you know I need to start
packing for London and I don't know what
to take I'm having one of those days
today where I just can't get going I was
supposed to be filming as doing a main
Channel video and I couldn't think of
anything to do and then I was like I
don't want to rush it and do a crappy
video so I am just nicely organized now
so I'm just deciding what to pack
um it's only for two days but I still
get really like a bit worried about
stick like sleeping on my own in hotels
I've not slept in before especially when
Alfie can't come with me
not I would ever expect him to obviously
he isn't he has his own stuff to be
doing but I don't know I still I'm still
I don't know I just feel very anxious
about the next few days and that's
basically why I spent the whole day
doing being anxious and not packing my
suitcase which is why it looks like this
I'm watching a lot of YouTube videos
that I find comforting so right now I'm
watching Gabi's there she is
and um yeah I just need to decide what
pack and then I eat you so out what I
want to go to learned and I kind of want
to make dinner first I have wrapped an
office presents and I thought you might
want to see them so there's a few one
two three four five six presents and a
card this is the water from Pippen and
Percy but Alfie happy birthday love you
Pippen on Percy
wrote it with my left hand they didn't
actually write and I didn't try and
force them to write it because I feel
like that'd be kind of cool and I had
these his free with one of those
magazines I bought yesterday or the day
before I can't even remember what
happened yesterday now um so yeah oops
so that one's from Pippen of Percy but
because obviously I'm not gonna be here
until Tuesday night and his buddies and
Wednesday so presents done I just need
to put them somewhere and he has to
promise me that he won't go snooping or
feeling them and trying to get all they
are um
so I'm gonna put them away and hide them
successfully hidden
I've just come on a little beach walk
with Gabby shares my feet it's going
speak and oh my god this is really close
Oh someone got chicka-chicka on the
beach
Oh God like it only is he is really far
out
really like far in
and it also looks like it might rain
over there
this is my favorite noise if ever you're
feeling stressed come to this video at
this point and just listen ah breathe
deep
it did it it did it get that way oh my
god it's coming
Oh before she not that's quite a cute
little see you go pretty scary though
yeah we got it actually excuse me good
close look of it I'm gonna stone he's
joking no my brother Gary I didn't mean
to hit it
hey mister
it's legs I don't think I've ever seen a
seagull this close up you know off into
the sunset
you're good at seagull noises oh it's a
lovely sunset I can make up we can do a
pigeon yeah I can do an owl now try and
do it without moving your hands educate
saya zoey is cooking or some pasta I let
you know cooking I'm just gonna walk
this in in the end the old microwave we
are having mozzarella and asparagus
don't believe me
yes with hot sauce tomato and basil and
with Parmesan and maybe stretch Matos
kind of and maybe there you go that's
proof that she eats more than Pizza I
just arrived
hotel room I think this is the coolest
hotel room I have ever see that is my
entire life okay
give your walkthrough Ted you can't see
walk in got a little kitchen there with
some nice coffee machine a little table
an oven a legit oven I'm guessing that's
a fridge some cabinets just walk around
here I guess this is a wardrobe yep Mira
Hey and a rocking chair a massive big
grand fireplace just want to point out
how highly ceilings are literally huge
and then yes is the bedroom like up
these stairs there's a big sofa here and
the sinks are here oh my god a wet room
there's a wet room oh cool Jenny when
bigs are quiet I think it's because it's
such a massive room like look at this so
the sinks and then you go up the stairs
you head and then down into the box oh
my god
and another TV there on a TV there I'm
like speechless this is so cool if Ike
made an old town house like modern and
freakin cool the lights and like I love
all this stuff but I also have all this
stuff it's like like how do you oh my
god you just fill the bath and like
literally just get in it like you just
literally step in it oh my god I
definitely need some sound right now hmm
how do we how do we pull these bad boys
Oh just pull them okay this one set I've
got three three to do okay and on
mmm
okay
now I need some sound in here because
it's very big and a co-relation door
looks amazing huh cover this this is the
cool of concept wah
anyway let's get this to be on your
shall we doing on this one maybe let's
do the bedroom I'm gonna walk into this
definitely going to be looking into this
trying to go up these stairs this way
but a lot of people who did not watch
out okay so in bed now look how cruising
this is it was really cold in here when
I came in so I put the heating up some
of the TVs are allowed or no I don't
know other knows who is volume by
watching x-factor um kind of a miss
hotel room it's so cozy but also so cool
I'm gonna go to sleep now
um so I'm not really filmed much today i
felt quite anxious today and on the
train journey i had my headphones in i
was listening to my relaxed app and it
was quite a long journey because the
train stopped like every stop oh
hmmm how many of you you on just then
let me know in the comments the train
stopped at every stop and i need to be
up in 7 hours and i need to edit this
vlog because I'm not going able to do it
at 6 a.m. so I will see you tomorrow I'm
sorry that I can't explain what is I'm
doing Alf is coming to this hotel room
tomorrow to stay with me because who's
texting him like he hates staying
without you um and he was like oh I'm
coming back to London anyway so I'll
stay with you / cool um yeah see see but
