Nicholas II and then hammer what bloody
furry little legend what do you guys
think of Joe's Jeans he doesn't like
them oh hi skin tight jeans I think they
look fine Joe he's just not used to
Bagley ones what happened to us last
week we got verified on Twitter yeah
sucks sucks sucks huh Casper what
haven't you got I've got I haven't got a
life verification together he wearing
fillet to City
it's a overcompensating Casper we'll get
verified soon don't worry
wonder what we're doing today going into
town
sure Cappadocia hmm I think no cap
because you put quite a lot of glue on
already why I like oh you have a lot of
black on outfit of the day time okay
okay I have a t-shirt from cause with a
little pocket right baggy my disco pants
these like flat Chelsea rider boots
these are from a sauce these are
American Apparel and I just recently
bought this leather jacket from who
sings I love a lot
my mic is not in the center you know why
you're not meant to be
oh yeah exactly you're not meant to be
in the center and yeah I really like it
too it's a very cool outfit it goes with
your hair is it ombre yeah cool got that
one right back which was highly bought
for me by poppy and Sean who's poppy
poppy it's a free sister and Sean is oh
I know papi what they have such good
taste
I think they're looking at snapchats we
are now going shopping I love shopping
with our life oh yeah Logan and I've got
any impression by the way guys see one
then it's Alfie when he's promoting a
new vine really yeah haha
yo everybody I jump down and you run if
you want to look at my vine and rebounds
and respond we go back with that looks
like fresh paint in here my second just
freshening up cross myself Christmas
petrol petrol petrol so cool some reason
Alfie successful that tuition a lot
towards yours okay alright then
key your customer for your sexiest face
healthy yeah I'm alright sorry II I
can't speak in a novel well live it in
your shop something so talk
ha
you're crazy because like this table
speculum
electric is all nice and warm on sugar
blog you should film that I'm Zara right
now and I'm helping to style Caspar and
Joe Joe's got a nice face Jasper Joe's
debating on these I quite like them I
think then I me and Fe are looking after
baby clothes which trying to work out
you know if there's any babies that we
used to buy clothes for we're like okay
so no parents anyone we know because
like you look at these the like little
boy like braces and of gaudy disease and
also you know like these these are like
mini versions one no God how do you feel
about our fee no gonna find a baby from
so much it kind of worries me that is
Alfie Uncle Joe
no no no no he's got severe hiccups
don't just bill me it's not pick up I
need a drink so this is the closest
thing I know Casper you Peter Kevin
Elster yes oh yeah I'm pretty happy
actually thank you very much Jay yeah
very happy i before a coma a bit mental
in Zara Shari like it's like one my
favorite shops now we have finished
shopping and we are now back at Alfie's
I need a lie-down
I feel really poorly my throat like I
want to scratch out I think you know
what I mean if you've ever had a sore
throat but it's like a really annoying
it tickly cough and it hurts every time
I coughs so much
oh no put that nerf gun away leave her
not sure how I feel about this I this
the one that we all had that Casper's
discovered the car
don't think it's a top just are you let
me see your face oh so just yeah but I
want to see if I can get on the jury
I said wait okay go we listed illegally
okay what wait what a game in my blood
I'd want to go to the window
I'm running on Alfie has provided us all
with a light beverage mm mines real
exquisite we've got ice orange squash
was that pice China
