good afternoon it is the afternoon I
have had a very productive morning
productive aka boring I've been tidying
my flat and sorting loads of stuff out
and doing general chores dishwasher
washing I just didn't think that that
would be very interesting for you guys
to see um and now it has come to the
point where I need to tack all my
wardrobe now I want to go through it and
I want to get rid of things that I
haven't worn in a while and give them to
charity so I find this really difficult
because I get really weirdly attached to
objects because I'm a weirdo so I have
things in that I've had for so long but
I just can't part with them because I
think no one day I'll wear that when in
reality I probably won't so the best
thing you need for this is two or three
or a handful of your girlfriend's to
come around and help you decide what to
keep and what to get rid of because I
think sometimes you need different
opinions on what looks good and are you
really going to wear that so narrow me
and Gabi are coming round it's so nice
of all us living like together it's not
together but like close together because
we can just do things at the drop of a
hat
it's a showing that Louise doesn't live
closer chummy
I wish you could come for these
situations I once did something like
this with Louise and she had this one
pink sequin top I'm sure she wouldn't
mind me telling you and I was like now
are you really gonna wear this Naomi's
here I was like are you really gonna
wear this because I don't think you were
and she said yes and kept it to this day
she's still hello if she comes um until
this day Louise still says she will wear
it even though she hasn't worn it I
think that was really about three years
ago so everyone tweet Louise now saying
have you worn the pink sequined tank top
yet it should get really confused but
that's what I want about um so yeah you
just need kind of help like I need help
with this look at this it's a flawed
robe right now and you don't even want
to see what it's like in
the actual cupboard just from this which
is a kimono funny enough this is size
for this is no like it bit me oh this is
literally ridiculous this is what it
would be like if we were joined at the
hip
this would be great for um what are
those twins called
the ones that are stuck getting a
conjoined couldn't you're enjoying baby
- enjoying this would be a great outfit
this word actually or if you had full
boobs or tassels go alone okay this
might be one for charity yeah yeah I
don't think we should look grandma hang
out we go he's here now as well um this
is the mess that's ensued I think we've
caused more of a mess than before this
is everything for charity so far it's
three bin bags I'm being quite good on i
yeah you are being very ruthless I'm
impressed I mean yeah just found this
and this was like the sort of bra that
you would have when you thought that you
were really sexy for the boys this is
obviously very small it's like it's like
cream satin with like I've got that if
you've got this probably bought it in
2008 mmm it's pretty but it's some too
small too small we're having like a
little bloggers Club now on our laptops
except mine is not on um and look the
wardrobe is almost actually sorted
thanks to my own me she put things she
put things in in yeah we've got coats
and then jumpers lent it before and then
skirt you want to talk it through yeah
you know me
you missed a very valuable point very
sumit water as well the roller as well
occasion dresses occasion dresses from
black to white
daytime dresses from black to white then
we've got little strappy tops yep
then normal tops short-sleeved shirts
long-sleeved shirts oh oh we've added a
set of an erection
that's the body section rock your body a
rush about it and that's from liked
that's from dark to light nice I like is
that the way it goes that's the way it
goes
okay and then I've just got my autumn
winter boots and shoes in this one
because they're going to be the ones I
use the most
then you've got your little shoes these
in my favorite with the little bug song
a lot of you have seen these and then I
have yet to do anything with this but to
be fair but that's that's for another
day look looks so good
organised is this gonna last Oh who's
gonna I've got my trousers these are my
black-and-white pattern section trousers
and these are my more plain section
trousers shorts t-shirts bras converse
and trainers right I have that ladies
and gentlemen is my water
oh I'm not forgetting my rabbit onesie
is that where he that's a staple well I
would let him live there but I can't
shut the door and the light does ah no
the light doesn't go off you see because
it's like a fridge light it's so it
stays open yeah when you shut the door
it turns off all I've also got some hats
up there as well and some fairy lights
but it's yeah gosh looks so much better
I was just listening to you two laughing
that we all have really similar laughs
do we all three of us yeah try and
distinguish each eye
like that oh yeah actually sometimes I
do laughs like that yeah when I get
really he he know how much you love Gabi
shirt these are like little Bakewell day
like tits oh yeah my parts and tits aa
nice little mirror you like it that's
from a sauce everyone if you know I've
got a nice little selection of Gabi
winks in my blood and now Amy where's
your outfit from please this is from
Ryland I bought this one with you oh you
did already old friends and this I
really like that skirt I'm gonna do my
outfit right we've got lovely a polka
dot Adam well yesterday I decide to oh
we're getting today this is actually
from guess from Nuala
Neela I'm his nanny Oh forgot that one
on yeah I like it you can roll the
sleeves up and it's like reversible yeah
you loved it so much she wore it two
days running yeah yeah and these sexual
they pull the whole outfit together
little bit bad bought me the last myth
oh my god join PJs we have a little like
Christmas people for my knees were oh
come on do we've come up with a new game
it's called find a lookbook and play
some other music from the YouTube
library to the lookbook so this is what
we have so far
face it all day oh look he's arrived hmm
isn't that your character that's the old
man right not Marcus is going wrong
Brendan's amazing I like your pity
Thanks must ever fail no one is it 25%
off it is it is see I know my stuff
anyway um I want Marcus to have a go at
this because he is a rapper
after all girls get a royal ring again
no he's gonna spin some lyrics oh he was
showing me his beatboxing earlier so you
could always include that do a bit of
that I'm gonna I've learnt a micron
deborde's no she's gonna do the
nose thing it went from the Starjammer I
was like do this no let's have a more
about me one say hello there yeah your
brother can be looks pretty bad then me
and Amy should start
maybe Channel say wife mama delivery say
welcome little area whatever you look at
whatever floats your boat
Marcus yes you wish no joy you're like
that to me oh yeah good a wagon did you
mean type well I meant like cuz I was
pointing at the laptop I was like say
say yeah some flowers I love them so
much they do so much to me
I love them so much they do so much to
me
yeah here we go so we've got some song
flowers up in here I'm gonna get down
whilst drinking the beer oh oh you room
i flood here we go not rolling around
that's what we do up in it down and
around like we're in the windmill
rolling around down the hill rollin
rollin rollin monkeys can't do it upside
down smiling is I did it accidentally
and I've never known to do I said do you
know what you're wearing to my product
launch and mark marks his face was like
no put your chin away good one as well
before like neck down do a smile I'll do
that the other way be like do a face as
if name is just in a massive poo right
in front of you
yes it's your disgusted face it's like
so oh like no enjoy your life oh boy
I feel like we need names
what can Miami's name be Norris Norris
and what's mine is Rs spirit set does
man
what's my name
night aunt Norris zelanski mother felt
the hot Sun no no horse in this Wagamama
I don't know
I keep thinking that your t-shirt says
JCB homeward bone if you got off spared
that however okay we've definitely been
driving yeah we actually haven't we're
joking just in case you everyone got the
late hair bands and you can make my hair
yeah yeah yeah yeah yes we've now done
Marcus's hair because we found it witty
do I look so pretty like so good it's so
painful so can we can really see your
scalp can you
yeah no that's what it just looks like I
said go
we thought that alphas coming after I
don't think we heard the lair must've
been someone else no one else uses oh I
take
hi mark a bit of a shock
okay I was like oh if you've got any ice
and I'll forgive me the site so I
honestly put it in that pot the first
one goes like that I don't want anything
oh my god it actually put so he's
retaining my first cool no no I
out I was like look at it that looks
like a retainer it actually really does
doesn't it I enjoy my retaining water
having some little guinea pig cuddles
quite big and even cuddles he's a big
old boy now yeah guinea pig ease
that what is it
Markus anomie have run home now and
poppy and Shawn are staying round
hey buddy huh um I'll think what you
doing this and popping inside on the
bottles okay and for some strange reason
EastEnders is owned by it's like 11
 hi I'm none of us what she's
getting on the bus watch is ended
right so he's told me to hold her canvas
dish you can say goodbye
cuz she's too tied to even hold it play
is that it at the end of your video
you're not going to tell him to give a
thumbs up are you asleep
say goodnight say you love them
