good morning it is the 11th of September
and today it is a very special girls
birthday it is
Amelia Ciccone Jolie's birthday and
myself and Alfie are heading over there
now and we're gonna go and give her her
present and then I think we're all gonna
go to Peppa Pig world land I'm not sure
what it is but it sounds exciting even
it's a 24 year old the kid in me is
screaming out for Peppa Pig rides
because if you might know I don't know
you do I hate big adult scary rides the
rides that are like actual roller
coasters I hate them
adrenalin and myself do you not go out
together just check them all or anything
my teeth I don't myself my adrenalin
don't go all together and so little tiny
gentle rides I like my favourites they
were losing Walt Disney or um Disney
World
like the things like The Little Mermaid
ride and like the et rider the Peter Pan
ride was so fun because they were like
full-on they were just nice and gentle
anyway we're going to perfect pig world
and I'm really excited I haven't seen
the guys since their holidays I want to
hear all about that and um yeah just
really excited I'm excited to see Amelia
being excited like there's just
something seeing a child on their
birthday that's just like so magical
when they're still so young and it's all
still so exciting not to say that
birthdays don't get less exciting as you
get older but they kind of a little bit
do without the depressing spit on it
birthdays do you like your balloon to me
yeah how did you bring it I couldn't see
out the balloon ha ha ha ha they're
gonna last your wild bird with the top
blowin in the wind I learn it water on
which toki-you
that's new babies they all have
different bowls oh so now it's easier
yeah
yo yo yeah Wow not they're huge they're
big balloons is good like oh you want a
healthy so yeah she's gonna hold them
and she's just gonna flow up there's
quite a few it's a good job you've got
that bit up there good for this one yeah
is that TV yeah on a bar there baby a
baby who's this Oh babies in the bar
wash it wash yo man he wash your hands
grandma say where is he where's grandpa
you're getting this where is that oh
grandma there he is in the kitchen
cabinet yeah the house is demolished
it's not me that's been playing with it
is it open these pointers about the top
of the ring let me see what uh he was
looking at her
hello mondo he's looking at the balloons
yeah he's away oh wow
it's a Joe's house now no which is
that's all condescending like ya know
what's that is that a mirror see whoops
let's see too much birthday cake Wow oh
look you can see in there mmm this is
like the best doll's house ever it's
like bigger than her yeah yeah oh it's
like properly did that take you a long
time did you feel really masculine oh
really
so did you sit up here this morning she
came in - is that because it's your
birthday yeah like Eduardo at work thank
you did we really thought that she of
everyone there that leave me two babies
spit in the bar I think it might be
clean now
wait is that cool or yeah that's a
toilet that's a chair they look very
similar to do toilets oh is that what
you want them they're for
okay should we put this this way Oh Oh
mister it's a TV
we've arrived I was like haha look
amazing his guys look when a car park
that's me being sarcastic really see
they've got big rides - Alfie wow
there's like a massive water thing over
there where it's gone there okay
good next room I like your faces like we
beat you excited you got a little badge
on oh look at you with your tutu very
pretty she was so upset this is her
badge fella Oh
thank you
let's get our ticket get me going okay
Eduardo is not so excited for Peppa Pig
land he's taken this is the perfect
opportunity for some escape he's
preparing himself he's psyching himself
up with your annika yeah yelling over
man there's a little photographer
there's the modern the modern age
Frogger various but it's camera that won
it out you're not as well yeah I don't
Alfie would fall asleep faster in the
corner yeah she's like why we find
passing you to what is the big what
you see oh she's off Oh would you go on
that Jonathan what's that just a bit
high winds healthy in Jonathan are
attempting to blade
yeah they're attempting to play to win
Amelia everything just have to throw two
balls in okay go fast one in then tricky
is not too oh it does look harder oh
it's gonna be ready you're gonna get it
in now on you know go against cows guys
girlfriend no question
Jonathan you can't be scared in your
childish so excited we're on the Pacific
balloon right okay guys calm down no
sanding no touching of this metal of gel
fee no spinning can you spit yeah I
don't know don't spit oh yeah she's a
if you just tell me he's holding onto it
so much she doesn't squiggle on Oh
Amelia what did you just do you have a
dinosaur ID
weighs on a choo-choo look how cute you
ain't doing your popcorn
look how chill out what she's like yeah
I am so maxed out from her big world
right now
what are you boy Whitney grab the wheel
it just needs like a big it needs a big
drop at the end Wow Melia well done
there much better driver than me also
okay now turn this way
yeah I'm training I'm holding it look
yeah well new dish yeah I probably would
if I were her
sigilyph okay
the boys are in a boat here give me your
point teddy bears
Wow okay Amelia I'm gonna buy when you
touch the game this is literally the
definition of a child in a toy shop whoa
wait oh my look at me here daddy
it just disappeared
she's like a new ball he thought Amelia
was excited in this shop look at
Jonathan why is that
okay boy that ain't slick this your our
school is a car oh my god that's gonna
scare her
what the hell she totally got that yo
you
I know the media now she's like oh my
god you're talking about your resume
it's the end of Peppa Pig long day
goodbye
Rufus that grandpa pig
I can't remember what my life was like
before that music
Neen Amelia have found some crazy
abandoned Tweenies ride that just works
when you press the button and amelia is
loving it again
hey what do you say come along play with
the tweeny
I wonder if it's again I love babies
nothing just go he's like wait this
isn't the same person he's not sure
about you look she's staring Albion and
staring straight back at me like I'm
really confused
hey boy his legs are so strong I don't
you know I didn't know you expect that I
thought it's gonna have to hold him I'm
literally like just balancing now yeah
it looks like he's gone Oh ginger beers
baby
happy happy happy we came staring at the
camera what is it is it
I'll see you tomorrow
we've taken over
Stone she loves you have a nice day
let's take ground did you meet Peppa Pig
and George or were they too big they
were too big so sleepy
must sleep rather than so much driving
today and I just got back and I'm so
tired I'll be on the computer doing some
stuff and I'm just in bed so I think
this is where the frozen end it kind of
pains me a little bit after I open my
eyes I just wanted to take my eye makeup
off I know that a lot of you feel my
pain right now um good night and I will
see you tomorrow
PS today was so amazing I love hanging
out with Anna and Joslyn and Emilio
Eduardo are just the cutest children
ever and it was so exciting to see how
excited she was on all the rides and
even when we got back she was sat with
me and she was like I went on a boat and
I'm on the train and I went in the car
and it was just she's just so cute and I
hope that right now she's dreaming all
things Peppa Pig land
no I will be that song is just go around
around around where doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
goodnight what are you watching are you
watching Peppa Pig Alfie
