good morning not sure how long this
battery is going to last as I knocked
out last night and I didn't know any of
my batteries on charge naughty Zoey but
this morning I'm heading into town then
I'm going to pop into the hairdresser's
I went and got a little bit of blonde
put in my hair not too young ago I kinda
want to get a teeny bit more so I'm
going to see how that pans out knowing
me suggested a hairdressers when I go
there and I just had the best night's
sleep ever in fact I had a really awful
dream that there was a really scary like
thunder and lightning tornado that like
ripped through this island that we were
all on and I was with Amelia and
Jonathan and Anna and Eduardo and as I
ran
Amelia got lost in the crowd so I
screamed it some random guy I don't even
know who it was I was like find Amelia
find Amelia where's Jonathan where's Ana
where's Eduardo and and also just all my
friends my brother and I was like
where's Joe where's Joe and we all ran
inside this building to try and take
cover it was really quite horrific but
that aside I am now going to go into dog
hair done not that you can see it
because it's so dark in here but I just
got a lot more blonde put in the bottom
and it's been all curled it's all lovely
lip feels all soft and I also bought
myself a burrito because I was craving
one whilst I was in the hairdresser's
for all how many hours have I been out
for I think it's about five it takes a
long time to do my hair is a lot of hair
okay so I have Maddy and that and Carrie
here with me today we stopped getting
through some sort of system here we're
all working together trying to get set
up being really professional and what
you do muddy I just saw this especially
yeah right oh pretty no
ready right now try and catch it with
your mouth shut up try and get right
sorry the booty can right now keep your
mouth shut
yeah was that really hard see cool
snap it i brung on my snapping where you
go hold the meat
yeah yeah
Oh lolli lollipop lollipop lollipop
this is iconic boom-boom-boom sure this
is also happening and this and this all
but you don't know what I'm bringing out
a range of I'm joking
I bring outrage of ready to roll I think
I read a nice haircut
Elfi come here let me see very nice I'll
let you see rm6 everyone your vlogs
getting up before mine and they're gonna
see it before my video yeah can we see
the cakes that you picked yeah Wow
lighting we all heard you go for none of
is yours oh that's just my manis mouth
baby so we've got all I really want to
try this one
so do you have a melon it oh these do
look good for the rosary one oh wow
amazing it's so good taking those ones
thank you hey I've cut all the cakes
into pieces of four so that we look at
these two it's what magic chocolate I
don't wait okay okay which one are you
gonna go in for first
well this one's closest this guy
officially lit an autumn candle it's
called home sweet home and it's a Yankee
candle and it smells amazing it smells
so breaking garage it's making me so
excited for autumn we're having some so
four times
Alfie's watching something on his phone
I'm gonna get in here it's like a giant
marshmallow
we've got the TV on which is very rare
and we're just gonna chill I think
Gabby's coming round and then we'll
probably get an Indian takeaway um I've
had like one of those days where I feel
like it's been so busy but then when
someone asked me what I did I feel like
it's I'm going to turn the tv down it's
quite loud I'm watching something called
16 in Scotland or something I just sort
of dominoes and chase blog and now I
wanna Domino's being 16 has gotten do
you really you'd rather have a Domino's
okay let me just say one or couple of
words our prima dear like this Domino's
don't do so good
what's the do a garlic and herb oh let
me just say one or two words sour cream
dip Pizza Hut do sour cream dish I've
not had a piece out for like a year that
general no why why is it busy I actually
don't think Pizza Hut's that bad you
know
okay why don't we get a Papa John's
mutual mmm - no don't follow the chicken
joints from Papa John's the less boys at
you oh yeah that good
how much is many more different Papa
John's I think so I just order enough
chicken bite that is the minimum order
just like three packets for dinner
I just a snap now no let's wait for Gaby
and all have dinner together
well I know my boxers Gaby can't see
Molly because you're really hangs out
your boxers you know it algae and chef
on ankle gross no it doesn't got my Troy
jump Rafa I basically obsessed with
these jumpers Troy are so comfortable
mmm I'm really tired I don't know why I
find it hard to relax this evening on my
Elfie being really fidgety and really
like oh look a little ping pong balls
she's happy dome because everyone loves
it when their boyfriend throws ping-pong
balls at their head you also do get a
little when I show you it's a real gun
yeah yeah as anyone would know so you'll
find a box of off game
I want like 12 guns come on kicks to a
shop how old are you gonna be soon my
mom not yeah 120 not anyone just yet
one week I'm expecting you to got me the
best present ever
you're not you'll have to wait find out
yeah I bought you a few presents I still
have to pick up a couple more though
I'm thinking something cool like a house
or sorry
maybe elephant an elephant no why not
what do you actually think I've got you
a monkey I want you to try and guess
like I want you to try to do something
that I actually think it could be what
I'm not gonna get please tell me because
if it's not the no I've never ever told
you but there is something that I
actually think that's very likely
Jonathan it is that not I would say whew
put a lot of money down guessing on it
I'll tell you yet afterwards once I open
everything you gave me I'll say yes from
those what I thought it was but I
honestly it's the only thing but it's
not one main thing no no do you think
that there's like there is a presence
you've added as a prison that I think it
is very likely that you would have got
me I'll tell you often it's not it's
really no I want you to say now so put
on blond or it's only guess everyone
joining me again paper and hide it so
we're not allowed open into afterwards
no that's not fun I want to know now it
was really freaking hard to find so I'd
be surprised ok there is one thing that
I I would put like talking one day
if you don't get it for me
I will run in the sea and I'm going to
be honest I'm talking Eliza this is what
I thought it was you're running the sea
if you don't get it right yeah see what
that's pretty confident in the washing
oh everyone will say you're really
horrible - Gabby now I'm such a nice
friend my boxes and Zoe's little shorts
out option number two for our PJs that's
unfair from Tiana Louise's sister really
yeah I got she got them for me for
Christmas one Shawna little less in
gabon space that way I think and the
viewers what a lovely surprise
mouth full we said if I fall by fun the
alpi throws all the pillows off the sofa
into a big pile and then lie on it's
literally like a single bed we're huge
Oh Gabrielle comfy I always feel like in
your vlogs on the comfy yeah
if you know how to be comfy Alfie's
comfy all exposing a better leg and I
like the pillows I've got one person
that I love here one person that I love
here are you bloody lucky hell no oh
I've got inaction the crap game is out
again where did it go yes
isn't it coy it's like having a pan oh
it's left with me Gabby what you do you
because very first even the sofa she's
like super cute all that snug with up
and everything and yeah Gabby's F now I
just watched a heavy load TV by myself
but Zoey turn to bed so I'm going to end
the vlog there now give the video a
thumbs which we enjoyed it let's try and
get her the most thumbs up on this video
then she's gone any other vlogs if
you're watching this go down below and
give it a thumbs up and yeah she's got a
cool day tomorrow we're hanging out I'm
hanging out the Ciccone girlies so
tomorrow's vlog is going to be awesome
and yeah she'll see you again tomorrow
bye guys
