oh hey I have filmed some random things
over the past week I didn't really link
it together very well so I'm going to do
this in true Louise style and just talk
through what happened in the week and
slopped the footage in between so the
first thing I did was obviously my
birthday last week and I had Louise and
her family coming over and I baked
myself some cupcakes hello everybody
today I am here with Maddy and now I can
query Tasha then Natalie with amazing
hair thank you and my hair and your head
amazing - Maddy
because it's my birthday tomorrow even
though you're not watching this when
it's my birthday I want to make some
cupcakes
that sounds really lame and sad and
making myself cakes isn't it they're
helping me it's fine and Louise and Matt
and Darcy are coming tomorrow - so I
just thought it'd be really nice to have
some little cake for them and I also
need to get some other stuff in for
Darcy and Louise as they have dietary
requirements I need Diet Coke for Louise
having trouble with trolleys right now
they have like Maddie's found a custom
that she really likes and I just caught
her stroking it
we're back at mine now and I'm just
preparing all the ingredients to make
the lemon cakes I'm sorry should go for
lemon cakes because I love lemon and
they taste delicious
I bought these flowers from Asda I don't
think they're coming out quite as pink
as they actually are they are
fluorescent pink um unfortunately they
haven't been growing this way they've
actually been sprayed and there's a rose
but I just thought they were so cool so
I've got those for you know background
and here are all the ingredients but if
you want to see me actually baking the
cake then you have to head on over to
the mums iView channel which I will
leave a link in the description box it's
going to have lots of my friends on it
Louise
is on it soon and pixie we have been on
it so yeah it's going to be pretty
awesome and also very delicious I hope
if any of you also watched one of my
videos where I talked about how much I
love mini eggs I said in it that I used
what did I say Weetabix to make them I
actually meant shredded wheat which is
this stuff and what you do is you just
melt the chocolate add in the shredded
wheat and then you put it into cupcake
cases and you put the little eggs in so
it looks like nests so maybe some of
those two before Louise and Co arrived
tomorrow as an extra little birthday to
myself and them treat
I love Pippins fringe it's like a side
fringe clipping you look so 80s his hair
has grown so much it's actually unreal
look at them and I'm gonna have to cut
your hair if it's gonna go into your eye
you're not gonna be able to see you guys
are so true I am officially done filming
the cakes are delicious
we've been eating them which is naughty
because I'm saving them for tomorrow but
I do have some left and this is what
they look like so see how I made them
make sure to check the link in the
description box and I now have to UM
watching clean mom what a surprise what
a surprise I'm obsessed with Teen Mom at
the moment then after that I got really
ill obviously didn't film that I was
snotty and sneezy and just really gross
because the aeroplane made me ill that
always I don't know which and on the
Tuesday Hannah came over Hannah mags I
don't know if any of you guys have seen
her channel but I absolutely love her I
love her channel and I found it I think
a couple of months ago and and then
through me finding it lots of you have
found it and I'm so glad that lots of
you enjoy watching her videos as much as
I do and when I was watching her videos
like I have this thing where I'm like
we're on the same wavelength me and her
could be good friends I can tell so she
came over which
really nice her and squeaky G popped in
and we sat and chatted and we introduced
Grayson to the guinea pig which was
interesting and we just had a really
really nice time it was so lovely to
spend time with her and do check out her
channel I will leave a link in the
description box after you've watched
this video because she is awesome okay
with her now sorry she's come to visit
and look who else is here
wait oh you leave you having a cuddle
squeaky he's like oh no the cameras out
Hey
squeaks over here Vicky you're gonna do
a smile Gracie hey
they were smile hey hey I uh I love
Amiga dent in the couch there I heard
that's where some penny fall down from
500 the hard life haven't you been
asleep all morning say yes I screamed
all morning and then I set the whole way
in the GAR little bubble hen I know he's
so big on you is this funny he is
literally like half the size of you
giant child what's up ahh ahh gonna
stroke him what Saffy is that clipping
or personal ones Pippin I love his hair
he looks like him you know when guys get
bald patches like bald heads and they
get those to pay phone in excite one of
them he's not sure
this is man he's enjoying it
I think excited well he's not creaming
so that's good do you like him we can
you to squeaky's together
hahaha he's just witnessed
Alfie's eyebrows and he was and he loves
them
quite and sure rigorously no Tonto
we're going to go down to the beach
you've never been on a beach before have
you repeat virgin yeah let's go honey so
I don't care I just want to treat my
hand my look how Snuggies I'm so jealous
I'll get in the bottom one time we were
in a restaurant and a little girl that
she did get would go did you take her
home with you back yeah we were just
like okay I scream my mouth got some ice
cream and they're delicious it is
actually incredible I'm already happy
about that you got Snickers one I got
caramel oh we earning his caramel in
Italian and Graceling got a blanket hey
he's not loving the Sun so much
it's so pretty steps here now he's done
last night myself Alfie J and Holly we
all went to see Boyce Avenue perform as
they're on their tour and I love Boyce
Avenue I've loved them for years after
he's obsessed he knows all the words so
it only seemed right that when they came
here we had to go and see them and I've
never seen them perform before alfie has
so it was amazing it was inside a church
the atmosphere was incredible everyone
was having an amazing time and the guys
were awesome
you
personally
Oh
Pizza
after they performed we went and saw the
guys backstage and we got to chat for
like hours they even showed us around
their tour bus which was amazing it was
actually massive like I had no idea tour
buses were so big
thank you
six-two that I can and I can believe
fully extended oh look at this our
memories or nah do they how do you like
like hard night
there you go look you got a light yes
really no see bye say bye can you lay
out yeah absolutely
yeah are we going on to tour bus from
getting this on video this is my feet
you Lavasa thank you know we taught us
in yeah we are whoo yeah I hope you like
green ice like to hang out with them and
get to spend time with them and they're
just really really nice guys after that
we all decided it would be a great idea
to go to a stir so by this point it's
like 2:00 a.m. and we go to a 24-hour
Asda and basically buy food supplies and
you could work here that pretty much
sums up everything in this vlog I really
hope that you enjoyed this video and I
might do more things like this a bit
more often because sometimes not a lot
happens in a day but during a whole week
lots of little bits and pieces can
happen and I can string them all
together for you so they make a little
bit more sense thumbs up if you enjoyed
the video and I'll see you again very
soon
