good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day
it's a very bright brisk morning here in
sunny Edinburgh actually and poppin
Shawn went out about an hour ago
poppy needed to get her phone fixed and
me and my god
so out of breath me and Mark have come
out to browse the shops and Alfie is
also gone on a solo shopping trip I
think there might be some Christmas
present buying involved across the board
feeling a little better this morning
little snotty er not gonna lie
that's always a sign of a big night is
it it's nots at the end I got very early
this morning edited the vlog has a nice
shower got ready for the day I really
want to show them the view from up here
I forget that Edinburgh so chilly yeah
this view I love it one of these days
don't you back up into that thing
Mark's just said one day he's gonna die
in these Cubans yeah the thing is all it
takes is one yeah he's already had a
near fatality fatality a Cuban fatality
and you have had many of those in my
company
oh sure you're not coming man they're
like a mess is very it's a very harsh
descriptive word
I like your clumsiness
I think it's endearing is part of your
personality boring if I wasn't a failure
Oh
I can't even recommend jumping on the
bus tours enough I just I think they're
great really formative formative is very
visual yeah it's much warmer down here
we come in this really cute cooler I'm
just gonna like hang around you can see
how cute
what you going 400 nari cinnamon
laughed--a Papa Sean of joined us now
they were like two buses behind us it
was I rely just trying to decide what we
want there's quite a lot of option
I love the menu is been so key I like
the sound as a homemade soup with
grilled cheddar and hopes five-minute
vote for D sky smoke Sunday you know we
should probably get after this a
deep-fried Mars bar from across the way
this looks
that looks so good you took when you're
a poet Oh what did you go push on to go
up chicken post exactly
delicious babies we've got tomato and
ginger soup and cheese on toast dip in
how was your dip in my puppy did not did
not lose her staff she found it she
never wore it out through my blog
footage I'd see that you didn't have it
on anyway why I'll because of Paco Oh
Sully sorry oh my god cutest doggy it's
like there's a little market in the
grass market lots of fresh fruit and veg
some pigeons
oh look at these macarons oh they look
delicious pumpkin brown everyone's
favorite yeah have you ever heard of a
red velvet latte it sounds delicious
deciding what to go Alfie's going for a
banoffee cheer part which to be fair
sounds delish Oh Oh Gina Alfie laughed
at me when I said own account or like
this it's not usually your like this you
ever to know you like tuna I also like
nuts I like check-in I like dropped now
but you're going for the tuna so I was
right I like carrots and stuff for
breakfast I mean this tunas not for
breakfast either really no it's not
I do all my related
it's my Artie - Artie - well switch
warning that's the proudly that the
storm okay whatcha reckon with your
gloves um
he done like right who wants to go and
see the castle sorry great yeah I feel
like we should recreate the classic mark
shot from last year where we want round
here and we went it was like the car saw
it does look amazing though do you think
he just doesn't live real doesn't it
just looks like a picture we found lots
of common Christmas Dex oh I like the
Robin okay
I like these week old I'll get some
bagpipes I like this one this one Becky
up there
oh yeah they're lovely it's very Kitsch
very kitsch I like this little fox these
are cute look at the little Hedgehog
yeah oh my god this is so kitsch isn't
it like that's like something my nan
would have in our house like loads of
them all over my god did you see that me
look great together this is one of my
favorite streets in Edinburgh this
street oh I'm not sure when Sean comes
to Scotland he turns Scottish oh look
look at that blue cafe it looks so
pretty
doesn't it Alfie tours tonight inquire
within the which the Cadiz and witchery
tours I'm up for that
is it for good luck yeah I think so I
just love give me a little tickle we're
going into time and tide which looks
very festive you feel like you're in
Christmas land it's a very big ball
you've got there Bowie when it more
walks in with it Sean's found a is that
a Mega Drive or a master system so you
can oh my god in a shop how come
I really want to play that so bad 1991
right we got it working so he's having
to go gone get all those hoops oe but
she was like you've got the high school
straightaway secretly awesome Sonic the
Hedgehog I know you've only got one life
left
oh don't get shot by them wasps oh no I
think you've lost all your rings oh no I
know you died that was tragic but I
thought you were gonna be a savage other
shirring you're gonna be sat here for
like the whole like level at least we
knew I would die straight away we just
went in the cutest little shop if you're
ever on
it's called Cockburn Street but it's not
because last time I said it was called
that Scottish people told me I'm saying
it wrong so I don't know what the actual
way to pronounce the street is the
street the curvy Street and it was this
shop what was it called
welcome to myself yeah it's so cute it
has lots of nice little like I would say
nice little like stockings binnorie
presents in there so if any of you are
in Edinburgh wanting to do a bit of pre
Christmas shopping
I would definitely head in there it was
nice well this one looks cute too
licorice tree get my eyes twitching
looks like you're doing a cheeky little
photo shoot with Edinburgh as the
backdrop swear every time you start
blogging I just sing you do and it's
always a different song come on granddad
the boys the coast shopping and what are
they shopping for t-shirts or okay John
mark bought a new jumper very snazzy
I'm tired
Vontae well get you nice to plan go but
I'm not sure how I feel about bubble tea
I have it once a day I feel like I love
the idea of it but maybe I just put some
yeah you know those yeah that you can
use get in the body shop I'm just put
them in the bowl skin yeah I remember
they go in your mouth
yeah look at this glorious ball ball
it's crazy how it differently looks when
it's not really dark yeah I know it
doesn't look as like impressive right
now
Janak on the merry-go-round come on
you gonna go and do it
go on show mark you would do that go on
might also check yourself
coffee and she rose sounds divine
anywhere where there she rose and unsold
we found a place that does pizza look
you yeah all my husband very like for is
a for a day today are you getting pizza
no pizza PA are you yeah okay
Pete's has been had and it was delicious
we're now queueing to get crap yeah
the boys have gone for a currywurst good
good thank you
there's the little globe now it's
getting darker it looks nicer doesn't it
I've got I'm still trying to eat this
it's so messy
look just mark kept saying let me get
your four cards like no it's okay I
looked lovely I think this place wins
for the best Christmas decorations like
they've gone all out it is so cool we're
back now and in exactly one minute the
first vlogmas
is going to go live first day of 24 days
mark are you so happy or do vlogmas this
year I tried guy I tried to persuade him
oh yeah
22 days of Ferris
maybe next year will be every single day
I need to create a new playlist vlogmas
2017 yay okay let's do it I really hope
you guys enjoyed yesterday's vlog let me
know what your favorite bit was
you know I
oh my god you pat your head ah can you
do that pat your head and rub your tummy
I'm not doing it the other way around
Oh Missy Alfie can do it
now now do hopscotch or sealed okay
explain this one this one's not so clear
to me come roll it's like your seal or a
panda I wish I caught the moment you
crawled on the table and went oh my god
you're on the table I mean our dinner
impromptu photo shoot I'm trying to just
get some really great great two photos
of Mark so I told him didn't I that's
what flat like on his life right sit
like that yeah great okay
watch your red wine no need gently you
just tap me are you gonna scare me I
would try in oh I think this hat doesn't
suit me when I don't have hair out did
he
I'm not on the shot as you guys know I
like myself a wild Saturday night so I
put on my red Lisi got my train driver
hat on and and your nipple tassels
underneath got my nipple tassels on
underneath this jumper I am ready for
the waters of my life
vegetable one the one you know with the
big candy bit I've got that on very
uncomfortable to walk it in but it's
worth it for my party trick at the end
of the night when you fight it peace out
nice very grand fragrance yeah it's
fresh very good is that a thing no oh
you could have just invented something
about the sky look purple in Edinburgh I
don't and the sky looks purple in
Edinburgh it does actually look that
it's that technically light pollution
person was answering me there I said is
that technically like pollution and some
people behind us having a conversation
101 yes it is and I thought she was
lying to me this hill kills me kills me
ask you guys a million miles an hour and
I have a tiny little legs long johns on
literally can't bend my legs I've got
Tom I've got tights under my jeans and I
feel the exact size I have no knees
anymore when we sit down somewhere I'm
like that walking to tissue look at my
little red nose we're walking to do
shame and there's a Rudolf yeah there's
a huge key oh no papi
it was like no one's gonna being a half
thick that's what you that's what
everyone else thinks so they go at the
same time do we join the end of the
queue or do we find an alternative find
out what the deal is yeah that was very
sick whoa
oh it's wet or marks gonna slip in his
gladdie Cubans we can find out what the
deal is and if it's oh yes that we could
find
he's for busting
in
roll air behind taint no one else was
going to be in at 6:00 a she won do you
do that again no you me embarrass nice
to see ya I see major spy enjoy attend
change when you you sound like mrs.
Doubtfire George in just about into your
change
I've got a similar to that
it's a really cool bomb yeah this is me
oh it's a family guy won a couple of
drinks basically everywhere in Edinburgh
tonight it's absolutely Brown the
evolution of the vlogging camera is
hanging in the Baja hopefully some of
them is oh my god I remember my parents
had a camcorder like that it was so good
having a cheeky little second game of
old maid Jordan just got old mate it was
it was a me and Shawn are better predict
who's gonna get old maid I think
Oh
let's see what cards we've got anyone
see a card every time I change you have
to see off your dress
that's the seal comic to see off three
drinks
the whole car for me
oh he's such a cheat look into your car
they might take
Oh
oh okay okay I must look like her ender
ender you know the new breed of animal
no say in this okay come on get your
shoes on come on
okay jump that shirt on I can pour out
of mine I've gotta find your bike come
on let's get ready a long time dying as
Christmas as you can see it's much later
and I am tucked up in bed with a
different days for fides the boys have
all gone out to a club it's like what's
the fire this 11 p.m. me papi were like
no no
we're going to prepared but I feel like
people would expect me new to be going
out with mark
instead it's Shawn an LP he'd he knows
how to like what's it called with their
arm yeah it's so funny so yeah we're
going to sleep and also watching Return
to Oz yeah I feel like this could
potentially give us nightmares because
it is quite a strange film but I can't
really remember it so yes that's what
we're doing I hope you enjoyed today's
video make sure to give it a thumbs up
if you did and I'll see you again
tomorrow night
