oh hey good morning oh my goodnes are
having a little bit of a run around huh
email emails on Sunday it's a little bit
of hair that's my fringe haha I am
having some orange juice with a little
straw answer of my fav Russian fudge
live gourmet yogurt for breakfast whilst
I say breakfast it's now quarter past
twelve I had a really nice lion this
morning because I've had a really busy
week and I have been awake since like
half ten but I've just been lying in bed
like watching some videos I'm wearing
some fawn a little bit sawdust I guess
very right I'm wearing some fawn Bambi
socks literally so fashionable right now
so not fashionable and I'll batch edit
yesterday's vlog and then I'm going to
film an editor video for today because
I've not had a chance to for the rest of
the week so I'm going to do that it's
actually really nice day as well so at
some point I would like to go on a walk
on the beach but I don't know because I
also need to tidy up and do like house
chores like washing clothes and stuff
that you have to do in your adult I just
tweeted out asking you guys for some
questions for my Q&A today and this is
how quickly they're coming in I don't
really know how I'm gonna be able to UM
pick them I can't even read them it's
been doing this for a good ten minutes
so I'll wait for it to kind of calm down
a bit and then I'll try and find them in
the hashtag I think you guys are crazy
but good crazy those of you that didn't
know this is why I call Alfie alfalfa
here's her can you hear me
editing away at my desk
this is poxes book I am a little bit
more dolled up now
and I am going to film my video I still
have my comfy trousers on obviously and
because I like them a lot
if I got lipstick I know okay cool um
yeah I'm gonna do my Q&A now so
hopefully you have seen it by the time
you watch this but I'll leave a link to
it in the description box below and I
will see you when I'm done filming
filming done whoa yeah
Alfie's turn now you can film Alfie good
boy
it's now half seven and I'm editing my
video
my video is now saving I take so freakin
long to edit don't I Alfie why it's been
five years why does it take me so long
to any obviously Shia dentist in that
video you're right literally why do I
take so long because you do it so
quickly I went to two videos already
today like hours ago I've edited too as
well written my daily vlog are you
pushing me away I hope you Addison quit
you don't you haven't helped me today I
have helped you know you haven't you
don't even know what it looks like baby
cuddles why you editor in the helps um
Alfie's much from a video however I have
some fearing that it won't happen whoa
why is it not gonna happen because you
said you're gonna start filming about
three hours ago yeah I'm just trying to
still fit Webber than that video ideas
good or not I don't think I don't know
what to upload and film for you guys you
know um be feeling uninspired today I'm
wearing your trousers yeah I noticed
and I can't fair that you really are
well I know firsthand since they are
mine um the weather was really lovely
today but we didn't get to go outside
this thing is really far out still
there's a lot of people on the beach and
it's like dark and some people having a
picnic still that great oh they're
all looking at me all my videos saved
what about a rapper some beatboxing
after you teach them how to beatbox
again haha no the same notation addition
to the be okay haha this is you a chica
it's highly finished what club are you
gonna not fighting out your mouth
someone's letting off fireworks at the
beach unless they just did - just heard
like this big banging and I was like
what the hell is that well they're not
doing it anymore
oh no more fireworks just too cheeky
ones on the beach I'm not sure you're
supposed to tell fireworks on the beach
but I think there's a big group of
people down there maybe it's someone's
birthday or something I want them to do
another one oh sorry guys
miss back yeah I got them on camera
okay it's like my own personal firework
display outside my window okay it's 20
past 9:00 and my video is uploaded or
look at sexy pull screen hello everybody
so if you haven't already watched that
be sure to head over to my main channel
and you can watch it I like to fling my
arms around all the time I saw some
fireworks out on the beach where you
were filming all right do not eat your
nose filming did you think someone was
being shocked because I know the first
time I did I always thought I was like
being killed
war starring filming a video yeah it was
a little bit scary that's why I ran to
the window then I was like ah it was
quite nice Louie should be coming in the
scene so I'm making my thumbnail now
look very much on my face oh nice that
looks really nice like a giant spiders
Pierre lui should be coming over soon so
I've done a bit of a tidy up
put another wash on such a house lady
might like some candles because it was
very all to me doesn't it okay yeah I
feel really all to me saying light some
candles maybe put the TV on I quite want
to watch X Factor I feel like I've been
at my laptop all day I just want to
watch something that's not internet e
this is the bubble roll that way mmm
yeah a little bit cuz how are you gonna
write nicer than that Oh a question mark
yeah I guess that's cool should I be
like that yeah okay little boys are you
doing hi Dylan hey boys like uh unless
you've got food we're not interested
look I got all my fairy lights on
Alfie's been working in physical it's
very light blue and pictures pictures
this is one of me in Joe and we were
really little
look how cute Jay looks in his double
denim sweet and and yeah I'm gonna tell
ya yeah yeah let's watch a scary film
that's my favorite thing to do
none of my friends apart from Marcia
like scary films so actually Alex and
Alexia like scary films right Steve's
girlfriend yes damn it
well one day me and Alexia will pin
Steve down and he'll have to watch one
without hiding behind a duvet like I
love Steve come on we are now at having
some tea
time blanket Alfie looks naked but he
isn't he's still growing my trousers off
oh my god I want some of them what I can
do
Oh peas and mashed potatoes yeah I need
to go to like somewhere on the way if
you die them Louise coming over
yeah maybe he should stop at McDonald's
nice even better shout let's all give to
something McDonald oh no drop of the day
you're stomping on my willy
sorry Oh Alfie has ordered Chinese for
at least two no three people here maybe
before and you're not even eating any I
am I've got a place somewhere why aren't
you eating it was my plate gone up here
okay looks like dog poo in bold not a
lie not as good oh they'll be like dog
Pole I feel really full because I just
drank a lot I have this weird problem
where when I go I feel he turns me off
because I got really loudly but I can't
help it it's because I swallow air as
I'm gulping um drink and then it makes
you bloated because I'm feeling more air
than you do drink and it makes the
loudest noise and then I got a minute
look II see ya Louie arrived it's only
half one slam for par a alkies eating
chocolate in a really weird I like to
make patterns look would it really annoy
you if I stuck this being right in the
middle right now we need the rest of it
how's your day been Louie it's been good
I've been spending time with my family
my grandpa he was like really Oh last
mouthful it's his birthday today
oh nice and I've got your bed all made
up ready for you you're not on a blow-up
bed this time you're in the proper bed
you what tree no how much for you
tonight Louie I know if you gave Louie a
towel he'd probably find some way to
make it wherever big on the first one we
first met we went to VidCon we made like
our own below bed for him on the floor -
you never letting in the cleanest legit
put like a shoe like a little oh yeah
it's so funny
if 2:30 a.m. it's at least six hours
past my bedtime I've done well staying
up this late I'm off the bed now
good night guys see you in the morning
for breakfast and I'll see you in the
morning for breakfast as well good night
