upon its 7:45 a.m. and I'm about to have
a bath which I accidentally left for way
too long because I was editing my vlog
from yesterday so hopefully this doesn't
overflow and I get in it my bath bomb
would be quiet because it's 7:45 a.m.
and Alfie is still sleeping would not
use this one yeah I might use this you
can watch as it happens
ah okay that's really satisfying but
also the colors look a bit like when you
eat Lucky Charms of milk it's so pretty
II I basically have a really busy day
today me and Alfie are heading into
London it's Alfie's a book launch kind
of party tonight in Piccadilly
Waterstones or is it WH methadone I
think it's water straight so I should
probably know that bad girlfriend minus
10 points and I obviously as you know
worked with simple for a bit so I'm
going to a kind of like creation day
where I get to kind of meet the skin
interns that hold it I'm throwing the
bar for months a myth they're like crap
sorry where I get to meet skin turns who
entered I look like haven't know these
hasn't anything it's really early and
I'm still holding and I also just lots
of press interviews and things little
bit of a what do you do - I had another
on Wow so good look at it look at it
Oh satisfy it I might watch a little bit
of YouTube on the boss although my
videos uploading so
I can do that Wow
so cool love that okay that's enough of
a bath bombs away get away
lucky blue jeans black outfit is not
getting ready song yeah I just started
getting ready yet I'm done yummy yeah
yeah why are we getting up early no for
you as well not just for me what do you
mean what do you mean what I said why
are we getting up early because you're
gonna run dirt yeah and what are you
doing today I'm going to London what
you're doing in London hang your Russian
friends no stop being so modest I know
with my job he is doing his first book
signing in Waterstones
at 9:00 a.m. there was already 200
people in the queue no they said we've
been here ages and their number 263 and
I'm like oh crap it's gonna quite a few
people coming I hope you manage to see
everybody no no that's wrong hope
they're funny you will have to see
there's not anomalies don't take it it's
everybody knows but I have got from 1:00
till 5:00 so I have got a lot you've got
go around Wow yeah think about a VidCon
I met 750 people in two hours hours okay
cool so if you're one of those people in
the queue I really hope you got to me
Alfie if not no I'm sure they did
if not then I've always got other
meetups and I just want to say your hair
is on point today and your beard no not
my beard I need to - no no no I dunno I
actually don't think you should I
actually do like it
yeah Cheers Marcus brought my camera mum
and she's my rubbish one I'm debating
whether I ought to wear this hat don't
know what your good
I have what I do before I lost boy
looking about with Homer so I'm going to
be at meetup let this we've already seen
your boxes today or you don't need to
hide those um cool yeah we've got some
shoes yes I really like these I got
these the other day with Naomi from kept
going good never tell me what you're
doing today
yeah I have actually show you something
yeah you know Noi down the back oh this
is totally your fault
no I need my own charger this was 15
pounds how long is the flick well as
long as a ruler not literally the never
ruler but your thought is that if I was
laying in bed just on here from Internet
the things below a charge it doesn't
even reach my bed
so the Alfie whose fault is that ah no I
think Alfie didn't look at the length of
the cables when he was buying them um
just so you know we have eight minutes
eight minutes to sharp yeah
you are you like nearly ready nearly
like actually going to be ready in eight
minutes
a possibility it could be between fights
to decide to do in the next couple of
minutes if I might get sidetracked okay
just arriving in London look at Lori was
a massive blow up him up in the water
yeah
oh you can't really see it very well you
can't really see it the bars are in the
way
so I'll fee is going off to do his book
signing which is turning out to be a bit
chaotic and we're not even there because
basically there's a lot of people that
and Waterstones weren't quite prepared
for that so I really hope that all of
you that wanted to be helping got to be
healthy but in these situations it's
really tricky
I'm scared I want everyone to me I know
it's so sad because you really want to
have like great like like a Finnish
person like ten minutes of each person
like getting to know them asking them
like half a day be what they do like you
know how school if they've gone back to
school but you just don't really get
that with things like this is kind of
it's on a quantity over quality and
these sorts of situations but if you
leave having met Alfie and you've got a
signed book then I hope that makes you
happy
I however on the way to Soho Hotel to do
this simple skincare intern business and
it's just started raining yeah I'm
worried now all my gear outside this can
you get where no one's gonna get where
looks some London culture agriculture
bed and what's the word I'm thinking on
agriculture is not some London
culture architect architecture and
London are you in their zone up yeah
yeah just coming around to water stones
and we've already driven around the
block and seen the queue is huge
apparently it's better for me to walk in
the front that is the back I'm never
scared yeah where is water stone I don't
know I literally don't even know where
I'm going guys - good
I'm not nervous for you don't even gang
up on ya the front entrance under oh
okay yeah it's down there yeah yeah oh
my goodness oh no oh my god I don't
think I'm gonna get out well guys you
want it to go in the front and they told
me to go in the front entrance okay
where is the - ahaha
no no no no no no no okay and this is
scary how are you gonna get out that's
good but you need to move out don't go
move out sorry about this driver kind of
job I caused a little bit stop I feel
like crying
Oh any server guys gardeners go
absolutely crazy oh my god
I'm like legit crying
Oh everyone's so excited
Oh God emotional right I'll pick it out
all right pin again so guys it's okay
sorry they told me three hundred at my
entrance
I don't know toys wonderful sorry guys
so is Ryan why are you quiet you gotta
make you guys shoot now I know your
makeups gonna be ruined just all in one
it's just really swinging and everyone
so excited thankfully guys won't worry
everyone that is why this each is cold
isn't hap
she's gone all bags it is hurtful oh man
yeah my makeups ruined for the rest of
the day - guys
that was the back entrance what the
footage is gonna look like I'm at the
hotel
we've now I've calmed myself down I've
composed myself I'm ready to go just
been straight into a photo shoot crying
in my heart I was like oh no my body
lies in all this places
I love these hotels and also I just
really like the pencils I was saying
this for naps like I've got one from
have a garden and now watch hammy hard
now won't be so bad
Adams the collection these are the skin
interns we've got I'll zoom in Anusha
more good tummy and helling and there's
a giant thing of my face amazing yeah
very much inspired by me
Oh whenever I'm in school they're
talking about video and always like love
is like cement is oh do like I go oh
what's your name changes what happen I
know I was doing actuator three 9s we
have to meet them special solution you
can say my cat meow if you want hi Gavin
I really like doing this
yeah so how did you get I think because
I was watching a lot of YouTube I didn't
feel confident enough to start on
YouTube kind of like go straight in at
the deep end and I was really shy person
so I love the blog and once I started
getting feedback on that and kind of
people leaving comments
I thought maybe these people might want
to see my videos so I kind of already
had like you have people already got my
little hobby people that like to read
your blog so you can then do a video I
think this is for you guys
rather than yeah they can watch it I
think it's quite nice because you could
just think I'm doing this video on a 3d
person you can see me and this is how I
sound without tonight yeah exactly it's
quite nice sometimes to cut a name like
a face than a voice to a blog post too
because then in future when they read
the blog post and kind of hearing your
voice which a lot of people say to me
like five minutes
perfect thank you son today
okay primates that all the press
interviews are done how many did I just
do back to back or feel like I'm and the
foreign interviewed eight is also going
about eight interviews back to back so
that was fun look these were from my
little simple shoot little seagulls
Don's here now as well Don got a bit
mobbed when he went to see Alfie and
everyone was screaming Tom I love you
Tom selfie for the first time for the
first time in forever
don't play with yourself while great
ending to a Disney song we've arrived at
the Jeffie Harbor Hotel for Alfie's and
post signing drinks Gabby's here yeah or
I just don't want you yeah that she
actually has or easeful her drink stand
up oh my god yeah I'm just gonna hold it
like this in your corner it's fine or
dry okay go get my kiss see I'm square
right yes
you know some government to acknowledge
that such a change into your high five
and well thank you I've got my two
favorite things with me
Alfie and beat them um
so stay got a bit crazy didn't it I love
you guys came and it was awesome 7000
people came to see me today thank you so
much guys weekend so I didn't get me all
of you but I will another time will give
you hugs and kisses oh no I don't do
that weird and I just came out and hugs
I think things going to help you ship
around a little bit planning to go to
the next look like signing things gonna
change my fingers are going to change a
little bit just because we want to make
it safe like I can't stress the
importance that it's not because I can't
rule it's obvious minutes and we've
basically it's literally just the safety
of you guys we need to keep you all safe
and today it was awesome we had like the
police on horses in that looking order
helicopter thank Anna hell I got still a
looking off toward if you see you
Allstate today but we want to make sure
that the future is still the same
the future is bright future is orange I
was gonna say the green the grass is
green the other side for that a negative
I've been driving yeah that even native
anyway nice news Bob anyway
this is book absolutely deserves five
stars especially because of the app
which work with it I love that you can
see how healthy himself answer the
questions the review is well-deserved
and I'm very proud of how far out that
has come so everybody raise a glass or
healthy and so this is a vote it's been
an amazing day to be a long journey up
to this point and if I think about over
a year ago sitting down around tech
without being these guys is what could
happen this is far beyond what I
expected could happen so much better and
I think that houses passed himself in
that this alfea's idea not to have a
book about helping Bisson boys on the
room STIs aka rape when I'll text you
okay yeah I think of a week and you
might look slightly different
he's country I'll meet you I look
and slick healthy we're going it's here
our taxis here yeah thank God Jimmy
Neutron anyone you starting each other's
hair just help me turn out mmm
Alfie seriously we need to leave so come
on boys
okay boys ready out Oh just joking
everyone else oh my goodness you two a
wasp and women look at them you go ready
No bazillion
hello everybody I am now home what a day
it's been a bit of an emotional roller
coaster for me don't know why I think I
was trying to explain it to someone
earlier honest it's a sort of emotions
that kind of build up in you like
there's a lot of really exciting things
that but I get to do and being on stage
in front of lots of people and meeting
lots of people and events and just all
this crazy stuff it's like a big
whirlwind of crazy and then today I
think it just kind of hit me a bit and I
was like is this like this what we do is
insane like I don't know I just got
really like overwhelmed and happy about
all the people that were there to
support Alfie and it was just a really
nice moment so don't think that I was
crying because I was panicking I
actually had a bit of anxiety about an
hour after that because I think at the
time I was so overwhelmed and happy and
like I had so many emotions that I
didn't even really contemplate the whole
kind of being surrounded in the car I'm
kind of feeling trapped and what had
just happened and then once I'd got too
worried to be to have photos done um I
was like okay have a breather went
straight in did what I needed to do with
the simple stuff and then I kind of had
to have a moment where I just sat on the
toilet for a bit and was a bit like okay
now the anxiety is coming through about
what just happened um but it was an
amazing day like amazing I can't express
how amazing because I'm so tired but it
was so much fun and I just can't believe
7000 of you turned up like that is
insane is honestly in
sane but amazing I just love all of you
so much and
I hope you know that so now I am going
to watch review tube and probably go to
sleep and it's approximately 25 past
nine Alfie has gone Alfie has stayed in
London he is with Louie and Steven che
and some other guys and they're gonna go
hang out and have dinner and go to the
casino I think I'm not sure um but
they're having like boy time so I've
come back to have a bit of an early
night because this week has been quite
busy for me so it's quite nice to just
relax in bed and Alfie will be joining
me I'm sure in the early hours of the
morning and turning on all the lights
like he always does to tell me his
adventures when I'm half asleep that's
one thing when he does do a lot he
doesn't creep in and do it very quietly
and just slip into bed he comes in he's
all excited he turns all the lights on
he gets a drink he probably starts
cooking himself a meal like it's quite
funny uh there's little insight into
mine and half his life slightly anyway I
hope you enjoyed the video today and I
will see you again tomorrow good night
