due to our filming and I am here and
everyone clear again ah and we've moved
things around a bit today and just about
to start doing an interview so I will
see you in a bit
yeah I'm not a celebrity I am street
with no makeup on my hairspray path and
I chat with people that watch my videos
and it's kind of like having a lot of
friends
I just haven't ever met them little bit
I've met some of them just not all of
them and I is really interesting too
because obviously they know everything
about me
so you meet with them in the street my
house to a holiday and so yeah it was
great
tell me what your life might be I don't
know you yet like it's really strange
it's really fun really fun interview
done was at the time all half - and
we're just discussing our order of lunch
and magic we're getting a Domino's
basically I've not had a Domino's I
thought this is turned into a bit of a
front Maddie and Zoe tradition every
single time but we go more crazy over
the sides from the actual pizza so I
love the dough balls and mud and from
our chicken strippers and the
conversation you just missed was front
leaning into money going how many
chicken strippers is that I'm going 14
just change imagine if you said seven
seven box no no not the seven barberries
yeah
flats getting put back okay I think
okay proceeding to checkout mm-hmm okay
I eat pizza way too much but I'm not
actually really eating pizza I'm just
having sides
yeah that doesn't count over here it's a
tradition yes it's a tradition this is
it I'm gonna get us cookies the same Oh
cookies oh I have just picked the
winners of the girl online kind of the
front cover you know there's one of the
Instagram pictures is going to be
submitted by one of you guys so I have
just picked the winner one of the
winners for the us book and one of the
winners for the UK book and I believe
you get to find out the 12 you get to
find out on the 12 so I am like super
excited I just made that decision just
now it's where the word vlog about it um
uh yeah now it's done the book covers
done so you I'll be holding in our hands
and smelling the pages I might do anyone
that does that okay great isn't that
we've just discovered almost Indian
tepee we had this like kicking noise and
front just came over and she realized
this was on there's nothing pretty much
feed on for a really long time to
survive maybe because it was a direct
heat that's why there's you have a
condensation and then that was one of
that Oh basically this has been left on
for hours like how dangerous is that
with things on top of it there could
have been a fire it's okay though
everything's intact the bagels are
toasted ha ha
bid on one side rock card and we have
one half toasted panini
apart from that everyone's alive and
well that could have gone terribly wrong
always make sure you turn up your
appliances especially when they don't
have on and off funds i know-oh-oh like
it yes so what
anyone want oh no wow well oh that's a
mess you're gonna have to cook it was
that worth it I'm not going to put it
down because we're doing it I'm
currently writing the dedication and
acknowledgments for my book last
Domino's has arrived
I don't realize how hard this would be
um I want you guys to all try and guess
who I might have dedicated the book to
in the comments below
yeah hey France just scrambling around
on the floor for what my flat I'm really
fighting them later like girlfriend I
just please left a piece of me all right
we're all we're almost done for today
I think we're heading back to back to
we're heading down to the pier I'm
probably do some shots there but it
looks a bit kind of cloudy and cold out
so I'm not too sure you have Coke yes
can we borrow a Kenny if you don't get
and it's windy it appear real windy oh
good so yeah we're just getting ready to
go do that and I'll take you with me
of course so no I said it's a London
minute just passing the sign and ray
Quinn looks a lot like Steve Kerr comes
to a little bit of filming down here
narrative and Alfie is about to be on
the radio he's on little six BBC Sussex
radio so we'll stick to it on the native
phone and we're just gonna hear out for
him on there it's very very happening
little bit yeah oh my gosh all I can
smell is churros churros and doughnuts
can you smell the cherries and donut oh
yeah oh yeah I used to love the idea of
getting to know somebody like wired
Internet and I know them in person in
your life and I thought one day I was
I'm gonna try to sell myself I wanna
give it a go see what happens
it sounds like you see sighs I want to
go on that train not going to lie
here's all the crew standing around
Daniel Bryson and if you do have you
ever been in the sea because
it doesn't look like it's ever going to
be warm and I get asked this question a
lot and my answer is always no and I
don't think I ever will get in the sea
but never know if you say it looks cool
I might do it I prove it I'll have to do
it at some point
this man is dancing with a prawn okay
oh yeah let's twist again literally
passed through this room I look like
looks Oh he's looked up it looks like
the shrimp is pushing him backwards it's
like I'll get you I'll get you
come come this way there's an invasion
of seagulls we're all gonna die look at
them all what are they circling
paranoid staska they think how much oh
it's that man then it was the lobster
shrimp man oh he cut that lobster no way
does he go there everyday with some like
cut up fish and they just know it so
much he make us crazy he goes a clever
he's throwing it into the sea
oh no he's not he's not phased oh my
goodness okay yeah he's feeding them I
bet you this happens every day around
the same time that's why they were just
came swooping in man
it's party they
while seagulls love that more than chips
the West Pier it looks so lovely with
the sky oh I feel like I'm gonna get
pooed on alfea's here always not in
focus and there we go broken so I'm
using about on today oh no really
welded on your radio interview you found
it really good I'm really proud silence
shock oh no did you guys listen to it
from here yeah we did we listen to our
mommy's phone or than that yeah we're
like yeah I was watching along like that
listening to it I tweeted in everyone
was sending me screenshots and listen to
online and I'll say no one will ever
tune into a radio like no one even knows
how to do that the old is online still I
bet that's the most radio listeners
they've ever handled man that demo yeah
she's know you might get old a big
binder book or something once I yeah oh
you sounded really professional and like
you weren't awkward at all and I felt
really jealous I literally walked in the
room sat down issue didn't even say hi
she was just like yeah we're now about
few days four million dollar
three million two million Cheers all
right okay straight into it yeah
did you love any of it I am
ah yes rejoice tonight I then went home
everyone left and I cooked some dinner
which will be on Alfie's blog and then I
decided to just rest my eyes on the sofa
for a little while and ended up falling
asleep and then I woke up about 1 a.m.
and went to bed the end sorry
