good morning everybody it is Thursday
and today I have a very exciting day
it's currently 8:45 I am up showered
dressed and I haven't on my hair and
makeup because today I am doing a shoot
or something I don't know if I'm allowed
to say what it's for so right now I will
not mention it but I'll ask them when
they get here there is a camera crew
coming um no I'm healing no um these are
some of the things I bought yesterday
laid them out on the bed to try and
decide what to wear today and I think I
have a lack of color in my choices and
my autumn wardrobe what do you think
slight lack of color guys yeah I
definitely need more color I just don't
know what it is about cut like I bought
these charles's they're actually a
little bit too big annoying me um but I
try them on these are the most colorful
thing I bought yesterday I quite like
this outfit I might go with this and
then just pin the trousers a bit I don't
know but yes I need some color in my
wardrobe this is bad I don't realize
until I get back that everything I pick
up is gray white and black so how much
you got this t-shirt you can't flip with
this this is from River Island
welcome um say yes I have a lot of
people turning at my house in a minute
and I will fill you in when they get
here okay so Fran is here who is like
one of my favorite people ever she's so
sweet and look she's got all her kit out
she's gonna make my face look a lot
better plays organ and that is hearing
or Nona and we're just waiting on the
crew to arrive and I've put out some
treats these are some salted caramel
biscuits
mmm so the cakes from yesterday some um
french fancies some raspberries and some
blackberries so it basically just looks
like a child's party to be honest
but yummy if you want to have a sneak
peek inside Franz KITT oh hey baby
I've got some mac shadows Mac we should
say max your favorite Fram yeah yeah I
love Urban Decay ooh exciting um I like
the story of why this brush is blue it's
literally this dye is just I deeply I
have no idea why I've scrubbed it like a
million times is the avatars
currently being filmed this is the
camera and here's the big what is called
again boom mic the things I really don't
use when I'm filming yeah and Fran is
almost done yay I think I have a very
rumbly tummy um I think this might be
the cause so I'm not gonna any more of
those I feel very sorry for the sound
man over here listen to my tummy going
so I am actually able to tell you what
it is that I am doing I am being a part
of a YouTube documentary which is
actually airing around November time I
believe yeah I've had an odd um so
that's really exciting everyone is here
got some camera crew and a mic boom and
some more cameras ones that I definitely
don't normally film on and yeah they're
just gonna follow me around and see the
sort of things I get up to and yeah
fighting got your gum ring can you pick
the nail being filmed her debut see
behave and don't run off the bed want to
see what it looks like on screen
oh hi boy
kissing doing some filming now with the
guinea pigs and they are being very
needy and hiding and being very scared
I've even tried to bribe them with food
which normally works all the time but
they are all Curry's got some celery
will the celery like any Madame oh look
a Mickey nothing you just won't leave me
and Percy is eating hair tenderly
celery thinking about it
jinkies see they're happy to eat it when
it's on my lap then they just don't eat
it on the glue
how funny um you boys are so fussy user
more to the camera mummies boys I just
sat and showed Nath and Fran a Tom
Fletcher's wedding speech Sam has been
trying it was very sad at one point
Gabby had to get with you the tissues
out no man will ever be able to compete
with that now John set the bar way too
high not really explained why we're all
just sat around watching wedding videos
but basically it is lunch break time so
I've made the girls some toasted
panini's oh yeah I think my daddy's gone
Gavin oh she's still here good good yeah
so we're just having a little break and
then we'll probably get back to filming
I think we're going into the town
although the Sun has gone oh yeah
also the reason that gabby is here again
today is because she is now living with
me I'm joking
we're going to go into town as I said
and I just gonna film me and Gabby which
they don't know what again their selves
them yeah to be honest oh well here we
go thank you
can you get home I shall thank round I
just
just a normal day this is Gabi
attempting to put a mic her bra stalk
have you got it
nope nearly this might take a while
oh it Clips yeah we just trying to go we
are currently outside the shop here's
all the crew on the road this is gonna
feel really strange isn't it yep just
pretend like there's no and I love the
lanes a lot
Colette's you've been stuck in our heads
all loadable day they won't know the
next song yet
the neck they might if you upgrade this
tonight oh yeah yeah just going up
tomorrow okay I'm going to upload that
go to Gabi's channel see 100 around
myself and Gabby and now in oliver bonus
hello i'm showing her all the things I
love and I want in my own place and now
as we have the same homework yeah as you
I know everything Gabby wants everything
whoa watch it said that we're gonna get
one of everything and just carry it home
like
I just looked everything I'm kind of I'm
a bit in love with these kind of stools
there's another one over here that's
like gray and yellow and everyone knows
how much I love gray and yellow so and
there's my little one for my bedroom
this sunflowers just look epic oh look
at that how much of that was your room
what am I thinking just be I really like
that as well just be you don't have to
be anything just be be just be me I
reckon I could bathe in that bus I have
assumed is massive and I thought that's
got little Daesan yeah that's a little
bit so teeth yeah
go in yeah yeah so I've taken over
Zoey's blog and she's in there right now
looking up stuff I'm so bad at logging
yep definitely I'm bad at this I'm going
yeah me and Gabi you coming to my
favorite shop in Brighton got Alex Robin
I'm Emily and we're just having a little
mooch around I'm pretty much owned most
of the shop don't I guys I wipe you out
pretty much Oh alex is behind a plan
yeah so come here and say hi and say I
said hi
wait they should pass on a message what
should it be if they've seen this blog
and they come into the shop think of a
really rounded working do go super King
do if you come in here and you come up
to the counter and you see Alex or Robin
or Emily say super king duvet and then
they'll know that you've seen this video
and then you'll look weird as well
there's running that this outside the
Argos though today I am allowed to do
something very exciting I can't quite
contain my excitement there we just
squeezed out okay so I am allowed to
show you the book cover for the book the
cover of the book the book girl online
I'm very excited this has been going
back and forth a lot because I feel like
the cover is like the main thing like I
don't know it's like the baby first
thing that everyone sees is the cover so
I wanted to absolutely love it so I'm
gonna let copy do the honors hold it up
are you ready let me just get that back
of it there is girl online Zoe sugg and
these are all like Instagram photos
pegged up with fairy lights and one of
these is going to be the competition
winner do you like it I love it so much
I think it's just like you what on a
cover yeah I just I love it how weird is
it gonna be having that like that's too
old as a bummed I'm so excited I'm gonna
put it on my mantelpiece yeah so that is
the cover I hope you guys like it I love
it
um I just I'll just let you look at it
for a while oh this is weird this is
really weird
that is cool to have my name on it look
at the little Instagram snaps I'm on the
BART first of all by zoella
I'm really excited thank we he yes so
there we go guys that is the cover let
me know what you think in the
description not in the description the
comments and yeah it's like doing and
wracking at the same time bye exciting
but really exciting hmm
I also forgot to say that if you want to
see this kind of properly I have a
picture of it on my blog right now so
you can click the link in the
description box and it will take you
over to like a proper image so you can
see it but also it's going to look very
different in real life it's gonna have
bits sticking out of it shiny bits the
colors aren't Pantone if any of you
understand that then do you understand
yep yeah it's a thing didn't it was a
thing until last year but it's a thing
these colors aren't Pantone colors but
they're very similar so you will only
really see it in its truest form in
November if I had a ticket everyone has
know born and oh got bit dizzy there um
me and Gabi are gonna head over to our
fees because he invited us around and
we're gonna pizza because we saw him
earlier in town he was signing his books
in WH Smith which is very very nice um I
also wanted to show him my front cover
and um yeah we're just going to drive
round so I ran a pizza and probably
maybe hopefully if I don't fall asleep
because I am absolutely knackered
because they're all coming back again
tomorrow Fran's left all her makeup look
oh I know that all your makeup
enthusiasts would love that a peek
inside
a makeup artists I would say collection
yeah collection this is definitely
something that Fran has collected um oh
yes so strange to not have someone
filming this
she's got the sexiest outfit I Peter Pan
my gay oh yeah there was shoes she looks
so hot right now
you'll really open
she means because her flies a broken up
lies broken inside you know you are foof
we are now at our fees flat and um chase
here hi J chamoy I've not seen you in a
while tell me that I haven't seen you in
ages
I can't my Connie that cuz I don't know
that you would kill me that I'm sorry
Shirley okay bye guys it was my second
no I'm really confused what just
happened Oh change you're moving at all
in the comments jokes guys check out me
a present
let me see where's the super early
birthday present no it's birthday book
launch book launch right three million
subscribers I want to sleep a be tryna
do this yeah is it it's like a little
Spiker you have to like yeah so you have
to put it down yeah and I'll spike it on
there without knocking yourself out
preferably Gabby I think you might be
going a bit too hard
show me show you I'll give you I'll give
you a dish she nearly had it then I'm
not going to do it huh oh that's why we
got editing guys this is all going in
yes should I'm gonna do it I'm going to
do this funny way silver look oh nice
happy birthday put me like kill them
zombie
oh they feel great as cards go they feel
great - well we were looking at them is
like these ones look cool but I'm going
away I was like to get I was like you
know yeah I was I really won this cards
but we're going away with John Ewing out
on holidays I can't order them because I
won't be in to receive it and then a
order for me when you're the best of
friends did you do dancing it laughing
so much fun together
you're not even know where you're such a
funny there you're the first up friends
what's that from
yeah I did you just make that up there I
think that's almost too old for me and
you Jeff only we were born Fox and the
hound
oh yeah that's it fill my yeah oh
you're still family yeah yeah he is this
not the most beautiful pizza you have
ever seen in your life is it is it yes
is it yeah yes that we is still trying
how do you do that thing and she's gonna
have like zero teeth left
wake up you're in bed again come on
Roger everyone's are actually gonna
believe this I'm the name I gotta think
that example is actually real probably
to cover up and as we said in my breakup
tag with Tony he's actually gay joking
he's not um I'm about to film The Sims
with Alfie deyes every year
Alfie how do you feel about Gaby being
my new girlfriend yeah yeah she's my new
girlfriend I didn't ever have an old one
why did she unless she's still named see
how he knows about it he's involved
great how do you feel about Gaby
replacing you not that that's disgusting
exactly I feel like this is going back
to old school times renzo Easter daily
vlog that she's falling asleep now so he
say good night Zoe look once a good
night she says no nice so thanks for
watching guys good the video thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and she will see you
tomorrow good night
