good morning it is really sunny today
and I have been very busy this morning I
woke up and I edited my video it's it a
lot o talk it is 11 a.m.
um I've had a shower I've got dressed on
my face um tidied my flat around did a
war load once did I do feel like I've
not stopped basically should a general
tidy of the flat which took longer than
I thought it was going to take um so I'm
supposed to feed the guineas now and
then myself and I am er going to go into
town because Marcus and Alfie are having
a meeting today in London so they're off
to do that so we thought we'd have a
girly day and yeah that is as much as I
know of so far I'm with Naomi now we're
just in river island she's just trying
on a coat but the weird thing is this
looks so nice on the higher she's soaked
clothing like that it's just when I do
this if you jumped off a building I
reckon you float down to the bottom so
close you
La Jolla
so that's the case a lot of years around
which is exciting
now we're going into
fridge what I'm saying
I like that try that one on every hat
suits you oh my goodness maybe yes you
have to get it never had one this color
it looks so nice
look quite like that you're like a horse
rider or Jean from Tarzan
I'm here with Nina and Tilly and we just
signed something for your friend what
was your friend's name
Katie Humphrey Katie okay champs I'm so
ready to meet you today
yeah we're going to write you a little
message okay hey don't you worry
got to meet lots of people then Sabrina
Walter turning in single yeah we have
also scored ourselves some autumn floppy
hats all the way last week in them
horn tight around repairs for our tiny
pinhead for a little bit
amazing now we're just looking for
somewhere to go for lunch I'm not really
sure
selphie oh I love your top it's right is
that from Topshop yeah I've got the
green one we're obsessed with these tops
of like I know everyone Amazon oh yeah
have we just walked past Topshop I've
just realised over that way is going to
be the new Topshop yeah
wait this looks amazing
oh my goodness but a lot of farmers
market there we stumbled across there's
a smell of fish mixed with cake and
member with remover and vinegar like
pickled onions sure I live here yes a
bit the strange there's got sushi over
there look freshly made handmade sushi
oh it really does smell very odd now I
can smiled on trends he's my dog whoo oh
my god what is large
strange looking vegetables
current service
fetch because ours
we need to find a toilet it's name is
bottled water baby
baby I don't know what this meant I
thought it meant when you drank too much
water and you can feel it flushing in
your tummy that as well but I breathing
which she needs waste so I don't need to
go too quick up there water baby
actually means you remember the film the
water babies know do you not know but it
was an amazing film really weird it was
a cartoon of thing
they lived underwater yeah wait what's
the thing that they don't so sick yeah
and the next click on here and I come
down really I think they do done
recreate that in the pool yes I go down
they don't synchronized swimmers it
looks so easy but it's really not he's
Gemma and her friends these your friends
yes and she's just giving me the
scrunchie that she makes where can
people find these on your Instagram yes
Gemini's scrunchies Gemini scrunchies
under mine are you a Gemini here nice to
meet you thank you oh this is Tay and he
has a youtube channel and he is in a
band
how many of you are there for and this
is like really all good hi my name is
say I'm from 11 11 11 11 last to me
hello yeah like John cigar anyone it
yeah just type him one one underscore
one one tweeze it yes
everyone go and say hi to che as I Drive
ya tight is it tired test a test photo
from 1108 a from 11:11 for them okay
well nice to meet you yeah we have come
to a cafe coho and we have sat outside
it's nice and sunny and since we're not
in Santorini we need to make the most
sense
Miami has gone for a salad which looks
amazing he does not look that looks
patterns and salads in Santorini we've
got a little bit of recently and I have
gotten a teller and banana pancakes
which look amazing my god I could never
make pancakes with this good
a bit of orange juice and I'm just going
through some emails and here's a plant
and yeah why not pedestrian priorities
in this yeah we're a pedestrian right
now
Oh your name we have this ring weird
inside joke stupid we had some of us go
out of the car and leave it in the
middle of the m-40 link up to the lip
just hanging houses it we did some joke
about pedestrians which doesn't actually
really make any sense
I don't even know how it was one very
late night we're really giggly and we're
like what is a pedestrian editorially we
were like what makes pedestrian like are
we pedestrians now I even got this part
is googling Podesta is going to go to
the gold finger focus no no we did Drive
back I had to just let someone into my
flat to do some stuff and now back in
town again all those of us yeah so funny
GC it was a boy leaning over yes iam
borrowing our shoes like oh yeah so
back in town but now we want to look
around the lanes because yeah we're
right there aren't when we should get
our caricatures don't know anything do
you ever think about if you ever had a
caricature done what they would make a
stick out of your face I've never know
like yeah they let it accentuate my god
Miami does this not make you wanna have
a baby
oh god Marcus baby baby whilst bit
shopping Minami discovered we are left
pins with these lot exactly to say look
at the moon yeah we went like all we've
got really long legs yeah I like spring
long wait
shoes me name you've spotted a man with
saris we never hold up these your
ferrets they are indeed Oh what are
their names
this is from the bottom thunder bottle
Antonio not at all they get buff every
single day and they looked after and
clean I think this is the most epic cake
I have ever seen it says there's no
place like home there's the house and
the witch's sugar those little red shoes
there's the witch and then the yellow
brick road is all the way around put a
little layer for the scarecrow and
tinman and a layer for the lion and then
the hot-air balloon
Dorothy and Toto in the hot air balloon
imagine that is your wedding cake fun a
little frozen one oh you could be in
Compton oh my god whoever have a cake
from there we should get someone we are
in the Blue Bird teeth
novena night we've nothing
Miami is happy
yeah three of you floated a there you go
and you kind of salad today yeah you're
on it five stars easy yeah we're not
done it may be such a mess
this is become a line normally very
clean thank you really cool ah like
being in Santorini if you arrive pretend
let's imagine the seagulls aren't there
yeah we're not in the middle of the
street right oh my god I'm really
confused when you lie back there's a
mirror next to that next to you hey
there means I never use facing existence
it's pretty nice and that's friendly in
there
spoke us through everything yang showed
us all the decaf teas because I can't
have happy mmm and you can buy that for
instance ooh
look I found some tears what's your name
my name is now darling Ben Tegan harbour
so cute
nice to meet you guys hey Jack watch
babies for me I have ran to me someone
into what was your name Ethan Ethan and
his friends here hello look what he has
in his hand
how is this possible he's magic in
hoodie awesome WH Smith I'm the hot one
Alfie this is insane
someone has your book in their hand in
the street I'll I'm gonna sign it and
you're not there all the way from
Finland difference back period wait I
didn't get your names either what we
only I'm there Martha May I'm Martha and
Ethan okay so he's just informed me that
you know the three peaks in the part
that I love from Toy Story he was a
voice of one of the Peace Corps in fact
however I've got nothing on that come
into motor stones just to see if they
had any in here and ya found right the
front by the - I just like to ask and I
was like having a proud moment for you
outfit me and Amy I've now come into WH
Smith to look for our Facebook but look
what we've also found mine they've got
beginners but I would be in my physics
thermals they played Minecraft on
holiday they're definitely not beginner
anymore no they probably like advanced
straight the hell does a redstone okay
we probably sound really like ignorant
to Minecraft right now pin box
combat Hamburg we don't know we don't
get it but we're looking for a Facebook
again and I also just bought it by the
way I'm gonna buy one hand yeah so we
both bought one from right where is it
we're on the hunt this looks like to me
Oh Mike your face when you saw the music
Alfie oh that is insane like that is a
form of this bird literally a ball of
his first as you walk in through the
front door category does it go under
name is buying one I'm Chrissy and it's
his birthday everybody say happy
birthday Matt in the comments Oh
slight problem with cakes oh no I think
I can just about salvage some of them
oh no the Cookie Monster's been sliced
Oh No oh okay that one can be salvaged
the chocolate one however has mushed
into the caramel but we do have one
caramel here that remained intact so I'm
going to get alfie to come here and we
can have celebratory cupcakes for my
goodness they're so squishy
there's the whiz gee I might have to
just book just pop that bit up there Oh
mmm whoops mmm
I think I just about salvaged them
there's the Cookie Monster the red
velvet caramel the chocolate I kind of
made look a bit more edible another
caramel whip let's get you back on there
and the meringue yay yay I am literally
so proud of Alfie like I can't even
explain how excited I was when that boy
came up to me in the street I think his
name was Ethan um when he came up to me
in the street and was like oh you sign
this book like I look down at it and I
was
like yeah sure and then I was like wait
how do you have this and it turns out
it's just it's out so um yeah it was so
weird to like be standing next to
Alfie's book it's so crazy I'm so proud
of you Alfie it's amazing I've had such
a nice afternoon with Naomi we sat and
chilled for a real long time outside the
Bluebird tea company which was so lovely
that he was amazing I'm not really a tea
person but I'm starting to be swayed
because there are so many different
types of tea that you just can't even
fathom the choice don't won't say anyway
it was really nice as you know me even
though we'd spent a whole week together
it kind of made me miss her more when
I'm not with her because I'm so used to
being around her every single day so it
was really nice to get to hang out with
her and do a bit of girly shopping which
I don't actually think we've done since
I've moved to Brighton just the two of
us so that was really really lovely
looking at mouth yeah you just watched
my blog by the way I actually did it's a
refund on it yeah do you know what
people are gonna be like she's wearing
not sure I don't wash yeah cuz Gaby
lives quite close now I was just like
come on miles
so I ride around I said I've got
blankets and cake
I'm so happy with this right now um and
we're trying out the caramel mmm Oh God
look at that for the camera
oh I'm also going through my Instagram
pictures and liking all the photos that
you guys took with me in town today I
won't okay
whoo and starting the clip again Gaby's
just relaxing oh the girl I'm gonna
replace her with Alfie and she can be my
weight little spoon or big spoon you're
my little spoon Zoe
I'm panda look at you I love that you
also come for your money just get under
the covers and you say my favorite day
oh I'm like your little famiiy L stop
laughing
I'm feeling the feel the other feels she
listened to if I had a chicken chicken
chicken
look we're watching ciccone Jolie's in
bed with your with my little panda oh
they're just so me laughs I did I sang
loving you all the know
really cool I think my face and cream
this is why she actually new to Brighton
cuz she loves me I do I got better to be
a part I know but you know it's gonna be
a bit difficult with Alfie and a screw
up thing that befell with ya
people still useful aware or is love it
oh nothing that's just you
Oh what's the new one then what's the
new cool word but you know I'm not very
done with the kid you'll either why just
looking at your eyebrows maybe realize I
need to get my eyebrows done oh I need
to get mind are you joking you've got
like perfect eyebrows hasn't plucked
them in like a month
yeah you right now we broke it off are
we over her over yeah you're perfect
eyebrows I might look at my god you're
like a werewolf
yeah thank me I need to get them done I
think I'm to have to pluck for the time
being
cuz you know you have to let them grow
out before yeah I did I I always do it
and I've got like to do something yeah
things have to take them all out again
eyebrows eyebrow eyebrow Rob snow always
gonna fill me coming in oh yeah I've
done this like eight times to speed with
me going up and down on it so I sit down
deny some random people why is here
come and see who's here I don't want to
see ya see all right what you mean
come and see who's here someone's
replaced you where to kick someone's
replaced you
it sounds like it is gonna be a puncher
they're lucky you know my side beyond
yours
Alfie no have you had a nice day
don't beat me mean right Gabby you're
staying here tonight
Oh then you've confirmed Alfie get away
get away get away
and look look at me laptop it's working
what does that mean Alfie my girl party
it means everyone has to go and
subscribe to my gaming channel which is
what I'm jokin Alfie games and we're
gonna be playing Sims 4 here we go Sims
you need to go to origins
I believe Sims origins um yeah have had
a nice day you're asking supers you're
busy I was with your brother today ah
you know I went to Brighton on this good
a date line there was two other boys
there as well all day every day
nice hmm those nice I'll get on trusty
and see what food we can just eat yeah
we're not gonna just eat we're not gonna
cook this is one of the hats I bought
today Gabi's sporting another I bought
it in two colors because oh look at her
because I liked this color because it
was like a rust color like autumn II and
also like black so for that black goes
with everything but also these hats have
like a little stringy bit in it so you
can pull it to the size of your head
which i think is genius flopped on one
night Oh Wolfie done let's fill water
again everywhere she goes she spills
water he's all in my shoe and I've got
to walk home now oh oh
yeah
