hello everybody it has been such a long
time since I've done a day's log and I
kind of miss it to be honest but I have
been slow busy so windy here and
Brighton at the moment by the coast that
all the windows are rattling and the
doors were opening and closing I wanted
to show you my guinea pig cage
because you guys have not really seen
anything to do with my guinea pig so I'm
just gonna call this like an
introduction to Pippen and Percy I guess
and my new place I'm just about to film
a video on my main channel but as always
I wait to put a battery in my camera and
it was out of battery so now I'm
charging that so whilst it's charging
I'm gonna show you around oh I'll see
she's bringing me so this is the current
setup I have my piggies this is some
stuff I've not yet unpacked this is a
hutch that Emma Freud has in her house
and I absolutely loved it so I stopped
where she got it from and ordered it
from Alison it's actually for rabbits
but I feel like it's a really good
decent size for guinea pigs because the
guinea pig cages that you sometimes see
are really small and I really like this
one because it's really cute and
cottagey basically there's this bit
downstairs
I've been trying to train them to go up
and down this ladder because they're not
used to ladders so I've been having to
put curly kale up the step but it's
working so far this is some weird piping
that I bought in pets at home just looks
pretty weird and some stuff for them to
play with water and hay and then there's
this layer which is the middle layer and
it comes up here and there's more curly
kale there and there and then I put some
fleece under here because my guinea pigs
have known nothing else besides sawdust
I think sawdust is quite a UK English
thing I'm not really sure because when I
looked online for the best bedding to
get them there was a lot of people that
said fleece was far better the sawdust
that I've got is stuff that they've
always been in its dust extracted but
it's just so messy and I don't know I
just
I'd like to know your thoughts on
bedding because I've got a little bit of
fleece under here which they do like to
go on but they're really used to sawdust
and sawdust I just find super easy to
clean but I'd like to have your input
because you know your opinion matters
and I know that lots of people have
different opinions on things like this
also then another ladder which they have
no proper getting up even though this
looks really an inside here is some
paper and some other bedding that they
can like completely submerge themselves
in is there a guinea pig in there's no
separates underneath on the fleece
another thing that I really like about
this cage is that you can literally pull
the drawer out to clean it and the boys
are in there right now because you can
put that ladder up one thing I love
about guinea pigs is their little nose
and mouth that is just the cutest Oh God
hmm you allowed
myself and Alfie are off to home scents
we're going to go a little out of
Brighton I think it's like an hour's
drive maybe and it's the HomeSense intra
Chester because that's an amazing
massive home sense and I'm super excited
because it means I can buy more cute
things for the place and I thought I'd
take you guys along with me because I
feel like I just haven't vlogged and I
miss singing this is what happens when
you have guinea pigs guys know when you
have to get the hair off and because I
work quite a lot of dark colors like any
pigs I'll bite so great choice
I'm joking I love them this is Pippin
with the same little black patch of
Elfie and this is Percy and all morning
they've been running up and down I
always think the strike through Percy's
head is so like perfect look at it
you guys have crazy head a lot of people
think that these have a guinea pigs like
really untidy because the hair is so
like fluffy and it sort of grows in so
many different directions but that's why
I love them so much they're literally so
fluffy I can see yeah just being to the
post office and I have a package look
how hot is my guinea pig
did you get that swing and the hammock
it's a hammer yeah that's what I was
just saying you got a little bed swing
oh I got another one this is a double
one hang on let's pick this up here so
that's the double ones they can both go
and that's a single one
I didn't buy treats but they must have
just seen feet about that's how cute a
guinea pig Hall what is this I think
it's healthy there we go
oh no that's really OPA don't you have
the big one you should have the small
one Alfie is currently in bagelman and I
am so hungry I'm gonna kill someone
I'm still waiting why are they doing I
think that like kneading the bread and
like making the flour grinding the flour
where is Alfie I'm so hungry I tried to
ring you and I went to voicemail
even if kidnapped him and they're not
making him bagels or he's helping oh
here he comes
yes the excitement's real why does he
have no bagels why does he have no
bagels seriously she toasts your bagel
then puts hummus on it and I'm not okay
she's making my exhaust for her missing
avocado at one and cheese just thought
why not I saw somebody else have it so
she puts the hummus on it and a toasted
bagel
they've got sausages on it covers it in
brown sauce I'm like what is she doing
adds a baccardo suspect my black pepper
on it and I'm like she's just mixed for
yours and my bagel together what is she
doing something like excuse me excuse me
I think the woman over there it's like
making like a hybrid of our bagels and
she doesn't realize she was over and
she's like oh no you know you meant to
be to Superman which because I saw I
thought is one who was for melted cheese
sausage brown sauce hummus avocado in
one bagel so then I okay okay we're
gonna have to scrap it right away really
sorry we'll start again
then guess what Wow opens the fridge I'm
really sorry I'm getting more sausages
we finally go bigger than everything a
certificate to a spoon so we're drinking
out of the tub mod drive him but it's
yummy and I'm happy and on our way she
was really yeah she was so apologetic I
really really liked her she was super
nice and it wasn't her fault
when out drinking noodles out of a pot
very difficult actual noodles out low
why I know that I'm gonna check that
nothing to come out to be too far then
they're all just gonna do doors mustache
I think I got a bit too eager and now my
tongue is burn you said to me or it is
quite hot
let me thinking it's so easy day I don't
know our society and then just burnt my
whole mouth flow you know and you have a
hotdog ler or a cup of tea and you
burned on the first sip I hate that it
arrived at home and the excitement is
almost killing me
you're being so hyper it embarrassing to
calm down because I'm hyperventilating
it's the next day but I forgot to show
you some of the things I got so I got
some of these which excuse the lady in
the Tramp joggers which I'm gonna put in
my wardrobe because I've got shelves and
they're slatted and so I think these
would be quite useful to put like socks
tights little bits and pieces and I also
found this which I thought was awesome
I am also wearing my t-shirt it's
awesome and I just quite liked that
because I thought it was quite cute and
I liked that all the drawers with
different sizes and yeah I quite liked
it I also bought some of these these are
the best thing ever
they are non-slip hangers they're made
of like velvet and I've got a lot of
black ones but I quite liked this green
just to add a bit of color to my
wardrobe and also I know a lot of people
like wooden fingers but I think that
these are cool because they're so thin
you can fit a lot more things in your
wardrobe because we're hangers are quite
thick
so you've become quite restricted with
what you can put in there so I've got
two of those
now hopefully with these this and these
I can get a little bit more organized
with my wardrobe because at the moment
everything is just sort of on the floor
he Pippin you're so soft
oh this is the cutest when's Mama's
birthday 28th of March 23 August
