I'm focus I don't think hello
so it's September and it is the first of
September and here I am on my vlogging
camera which has been collecting dust on
the shelf for a while
much too a lot of your you guys is
annoyance because you seem to really
like my second channel videos even
though personally I I don't see the
attraction to them although I do because
I love watching daily vloggers so I can
kind of I can see it from that
perspective it's just I'm like where's
my life made up interesting I don't know
sometimes and when it is I feel like I
should blog it um so I have a fair bit
going on in September actually do you
know what firstly I'm going to start off
by saying I've just got back a holiday I
went to Santorini with Marcus Tanya
Naomi Jim and Alfie and I had an amazing
week to really reflect and think about
life and the wife I was terrible so I
wasn't online all that much and I think
it was a really a nice refreshing thing
to be honest because there are not many
days in my life where I don't go on the
internet so I think it was really nice
for my brain to just be kind of like a
bit refreshed
um it also gave me a lot of space to
think about my channel and my videos and
there was one comment that I saw on one
of my recent videos umm so everyone
doesn't allow the reverse reverse
starla again there was one comment I saw
on one of my videos that was something
like you've nearly got 6 million
subscribers you need to put in more
effort because it's not fair there are
this many people that you need her you
need to do more and in my a conscious
mind I was like well that's mean and OH
as usually why think about comments but
in my subconscious mind I was like do I
do I need to make more effort because I
feel like the way I've done things how
I've done them has what made me have
this many subscribers there are a lot of
subscribe subscribers there are a lot of
youtubers who have teams of people um
filming editing coming up with the ideas
and I am just a one-man band when it
comes to things like that I like to sit
down with just me and the camera and you
know besides the odd lookbook and things
that I've had to you know get someone
else to hold the camera for me um I like
doing it like that and I think that you
guys like it like that too otherwise
there wouldn't be so many of you um so
don't get me wrong I'm not taking that
comment and ignoring the 99.9% of
amazing comments I always get it just
made me think do I need to put more
effort in I'm a people pleaser so
knowing that have that many people
watching my videos freaks me out um but
in a good way because obviously that's
amazing but it does make me think
there's absolutely no way I can please
that many people that's just a fact so I
know that sometimes people are going to
hate the videos I make and some people
are going to expect a lot more of me but
being away it made me realize that I got
this far making the videos I love to
make and the videos that I want to make
and in the style I want to make them I
feel like I was kind of losing myself a
bit and putting a lot of pressure on
myself to be like this video is not good
enough I filmed multiple videos and not
uploaded them because I haven't liked
them and I've been worried that you
won't like them all although it's not
edited professionally or it doesn't look
professional and I I kind of being away
kind of made me remember why I started
doing this and I did it because I liked
it and I uploaded videos that I loved me
and it was just a massive bonus that
people also enjoyed watching them and I
want to continue doing that and I hope
that and I know that the majority of you
totally understand that and I don't even
need to be saying this basically but to
those of you who might click one of my
videos and think what the hell is this
this is not what I subscribed for I
haven't given myself a list of videos I
will only ever upload if one day I want
to upload a video making have toast
ham and cheese toasties sorry Louise I
said the word ham is because I looked
over at a loaf of bread and ice all I
could think of um if I make a video
about how to make a toasty that would
make me really happy and if that's not
what I put my channel i'll so i'm gonna
put my channel PSI is not what i'm going
to put my channel that was just an
example but i just need to remember this
is my channel and it's free for you guys
to watch and i love all of you who watch
the videos and i'm glad that so many of
you love them and i am i'm recording
this because if I've not been recording
this okay I'm recording um so if any of
you who are watching my videos don't
enjoy a particular thing I do or a
particular video that I load please just
understand that you don't have to watch
it and also that it's my channel and
sometimes I might want to put random
things on there and that's okay because
there are no rules to YouTube and there
are also thousands and thousands of
other channels that might have that
video that you were hoping to watch for
the 99.9% of you that are always
supportive and that are with me 100% at
the time through thick and thin toasties
or no toasties i love you a whole lot
and that is what i was thinking during
my holiday and that's what i've come
back feeling like so I thought you know
I'm going to daily vlog because I
enjoyed it and a lot of you were a bit
gutted that I stopped it's just I find
daily vlogging a little
all difficult I don't know if that's the
pressure I put on myself but um yeah I'm
going to do it I can hear my guinea pigs
oh I really missed my guinea pigs when I
was away a lot like I was so pleased to
come home and see them I actually had
Kerry staying with me he's my friend
and she was staying staying with me
staying here and she was looking after
the guinea pigs for me and she actually
made these cakes which I thought was so
cute I came home two cakes guys look at
this she made cakes as I'm not gonna be
able to eat them all before they go out
of date it's actually Alfie's dad's
birthday today so I'm about to go oh I
need to leave very soon I'm about to go
out to pick up Alfie and I've put some
of the cakes in a little box look at
them in there just a little tag I'm
going to take them to him some of the
why can't I talk I am useless at this so
I'm gonna take some of those to him so
he can have some pretty first day too
because I am NOT going to be able to eat
all of those cakes as much as I love
cake I don't want them to go to waste
this is the card I've got him
it says many happy returns do you get it
you get it I actually really like this
card a very dry sense of humor I think
you all know that already
watching an alter Kony Jolie's vlog and
I tell them this myself but when I'm
like chilling or doing stuff I just like
to put that on videos on the background
might sound creepy it's not really well
I guess it's a little bit but
correlational stuff also how happy does
this make you if you're a stationary
lover like me whoa
the fine tip pens that are not in focus
oh hey hi there just been doing my
makeup you see um yeah okay so I'm going
to write this card and get out of the
house and we're going for a meal but
that's what happened
Oh drop the card in the floor and yes
that's what happened while I was away on
holiday Oh God
each family's clear my head
thought about it for a bit and then I
realized I'm just gonna carry on as I am
because I'm happy and I'm doing things
that I love and I never thought I would
do and I am very grateful for that and
so I'm not gonna get really deep in
emoticons a another thing I mentioned
Santorini very briefly that's where I've
been
um I'm going to be posting lots and lots
of photos from the holiday up on my blog
I didn't film it because it was just a
relaxing holiday obviously um but I took
lots of photos I turned into
photographic
I turned into photographer mode
photographer blogger mode and it was
really nice to actually just take
pictures and stuff so that will be over
on my blog also while I was away I
announced something super exciting which
I've been working on for like over a
year I'm pretty sure I can't even like
remember when this first started
happening I've just as I've left my oven
on okay do that in a second it's okay
it's not it's not the temperature pick
up it's just the dial okay you don't
care I'm not used to flogging I'm sorry
this is so rambley and this will
probably be I can't even remember what
was talking about what was I talking
about
yes the exciting thing I've been working
on for a year is zoella beauty now I
have a trend on Twitter which is hashtag
Zarrella Beauty where you can discuss
this I am so excited I have had to keep
this a secret for so long and I'm the
worst at keeping secrets
um I'm not going to tell you what it is
yet because it is a surprise it might
not be what you think it is it's not the
conventional kind of route to go down
it's something that I personally love so
if you know the sorts of things that I
like to use and pamper myself with then
you might have some clues but I also
have a few teeny tiny snippet of some of
the products over on my blog which I
released last week so you can go and
have a look at that and obviously I will
be talking more about it when I can who
this is just gonna be a really exciting
month guys the products are being
launched this month um I have a lot
going on and I just got an email ha ha I
got back a holiday and I have 100 emails
so that's good that was my 100 email
that you just heard ping through there
so that's gonna take me a while um but
yes vlogging in September
hashtag zoella Beauty cake felt-tip
liners that don't ever go in focus oh oh
oh oh no not quite an Santorini blog
post check out I'm now going to grab
dinner
Alfie's just text me saying when are you
coking little one well that could be
perceived very wrong when you coking
little one coking coming when are you
coming no new drugs kits little bit more
stationary porn oh yeah oh yeah it's
starting to get very dark only mean one
thing
it's nearly autumn now this might not
excite a lot of you because you might be
summer people and normally I am a summer
person but there is something about me
this year that is super excited for
autumn because it means candles blankets
and autumn clothing which is my favorite
because you can layer and I do like to
layer
I feel like this vlog has been really
rumbly and I'm really sorry for that and
I'm looking for my bag where are your
bag so dark what's going on what's going
on I need a coat also ah here's my bag
okay cool
amethyst that would be good oh god I'm
so disorganized okay
let's get out of here what's not
ah so no sign that always this is our
return little light one oh not the roof
you like your life is never very good in
the car
mmm it's a little bit better yeah what
we did we're now going out for a meal
for dad's birthday
he's turned 30 today ha ha ha she gave
birth to you when he was under he didn't
give birth to me I mean he when he was
10 he had a child ya know people in the
comments again a family the comments are
going to believe that ah yes I've just
picked out for ya and I touched a plant
that went to sleep when I touched it
yeah well be Morgan it in that's a bit
weird
my sister's basically got this plan so
my sister's got this plan and you based
the camera just cut out for some reason
basically my sister's a plan and it's
not a Venus flytrap without their cool
and veggie touch and his leaves go they
like proper like falls down I don't know
it looks like it dies doesn't they're
like really fast yeah this is your
camera so it's turning on yeah just turn
back one this cam has been a bit strange
guys and but I just got a really cool
plant that we were just playing with
really lame I don't know what else you
want me to say your video we are now in
a restaurant called a plateau it's very
nice in here we're about to have a game
of old maid
yeah Alfie shuffling the cards turning
them all up the right way this is a
whopper
that's definitely Joe when he's older
yeah except the Thatcher not a sailor
show me there's Markus blacksmith which
one's me
no that's not you you don't have a lot
of time the battery's flashing there you
are oh dear man
it's a butcher where's the butcher's
wife happy this is you why I'm not
ginger nice Shan Shan a puppy I've not
seen them in a while
no one gets your salad thing I just
realized that I called this around the
world and I think it's actually called
out of this world which it is it tastes
delicious
this is if it has got hammer this marks
be proud you just stick your fingers in
it we've got some Wars going on in the
car park
Oh
into the car safe and sound
you never fear never at risk now I just
filmed it being dragged across the floor
alright we just watched x-factor and oh
no this is a few minutes we just watch
x-factor and already zoomed it not wrong
with me and I've just done my audition
on Alfie throg so now it's alvie's turn
to do his audition on my blog come on oh
yeah quick boom
Alfie you don't have long for this
audition he's doing a brains quite
talented no I'm sure doing extra mum
okay it's yeah play come on you've got
to do a song juggling ball
get up not any German Alfie come on boy
come on we've got Shawn who's Lily Walsh
we've got poppy who is who you again
I'll be okay Simon Simon okay right
Alfie stand up and do your song please
come on okay poppy your audition Amanda
if you're watching this boy
Alfie that's what you get for not doing
your audition for fair yeah you might
want to pick that up
okay you better run
guys don't know if you can see my feet
but it's the sort of weather today that
you have to look out the snails I don't
like when people stand on snails see oh
oh it was a stone I thought I didn't
know you'll wait I'll be on the path
come on cuz I like them all right first
one to find us no and this one here oh
my god this - and a dog poop
there's so many around tonight so many
later on that talk look there's two here
oh my guys no frog look oh my
god oh my god well I feel like Louis
Cole should I touch it No oh wow look at
these lucky slugs I like purple well
that one for the more I'll see oh look
at this snail oh wait they're petals I
thought they were some kind of animal
what holy crap it's like roadless look
at monkey
oh wait is to god there's another little
snail on the wall
I love snails yeah do big ones there is
it called Zoe slug that's the worst
doesn't everyone let their o clock it
out oh good little baby Wow
wanna taste one three there's three
babies look at a little baby like
compared to my finger and there's three
and there's the dad a big one there oh
he's got woodlouse on the side of him
he's clinging on for a free ride I do
love wildlife look at this one Tyler
would hate this vlog oh we need to get
back in the car now
we need to get tyre over into UK because
he loves snails after let's stop looking
at people's gardens I am now back home
and I had a package oh that's what I
wanted to show you I had a package that
was left downstairs
no one hang my Bell today because I've
been in most of the day so they were
naughty and they just left it what could
it be it's big it's a lamb so not as
exciting as you probably thought it was
but you know how into my interiors and
things I am at the moment was that nice
guys I swear I keep hearing noises and I
heard one just now and it was like a
little cat meowed and I turned to my
best because I was like what the hell
was that and then I realize it was my
stomach
this is why I get like if I have to stay
here on my own and Alfie saying it is I
get really paranoid that there is
something in my oh oh it's rose gold
color I remember I'm gonna drink it out
here it is all done yay so it's like a
rose gold kind of chromey color and I
decided to put this bulb in which is
like I don't know it's one of those kind
of bulbs where you can see the cinnamon
because I just think they look so cool
all my camera is weirding out but it's
kind of good because then you can see it
and yeah this is also a new chest so
I've got that I'm in love with this was
from Oliver bonus oh yeah I think bonus
and you can just paint the drawers
whatever color you want got some books
in there um yeah so that's a little
corner of my bedroom I don't think
you've ever seen and now I have my new
light this is that I'm going to end my
vlog because I am super tired I'm going
to take off my makeup which is like the
best part of the day
and then I'm gonna go to sleep and I'll
see you tomorrow bye
