hello I'm welcome to caucus day 24 what
day is it today Sean Christmasy yeah
we're gonna get rid of it on Christmas
Eve are venturing into Primark to look
for some matching PJ's that we can all
wear it to work for tonight are we
wearing pajamas tonight or tomorrow
but all your die oh just magic Jones my
eyes are streaming it's so windy and
cold outside I'm gonna look weird after
this
everyone staring at me
it's amazing watching today amazing
Nutella banana at Marshall eyes pops up
as it's Christmas Eve and Christmas Eve
is just not complete without guinea pigs
I'm not allowed it's just that I'm
allowed them will have my own place
which isn't right now so um I'm going to
have a look and have you have to
literally restrain me from buying them
because I am that desperate for them now
it's getting a bit ridiculous
you've seen my back
you've seen my addiction with any pigs
grow stronger as the years gone on I
want one of these I kind of do what one
of these can I can you pick look how
white going our way
I want a guinea pig so hard can't bear
it then they've not got home for
Christmas there we go
we are back from church and we had a
little singsong it was great wasn't out
babe I'm not actually religious myself
but it was nice to go along and I also
went to a C of E Primary School which
meant that we sang quite a lot of those
songs in school so I knew all the words
and it was just nice to see lots of
people all in one place all very excited
for Christmas we're now watching Finding
Nemo Sean's appeared look he's sat by
the fire getting Toki by the fire to
poppy
the Christmas tree is all a translator
Alfie sale shopping and we're watching
Finding Nemo which is just reminding me
of Dubai because when we were in Dubai
and we looked into aquarium all these
little fish and the same fish so amazing
it's the evening now it is we've had our
Christmas today was delicious it's like
a pre Christmas dinner because tomorrow
we're heading back to mine in the
afternoon I hope you've open presents
mmm another dinner there another
Christmas dinner with my family so I'm
excited about that are you excited about
yeah yeah to Christmas dinners oh I've
had a really bad day I put some guinea
pigs on reserve yeah well you kind of
know I went to the garden center I fell
in love with two of the guinea pigs they
were absolutely gorgeous and they were
perfect and I loved him so much that she
said is can you try not sell them till
Friday and then I can maybe buy them off
if I can persuade my dad and find enough
place to put them and buy somewhere to
put those you need to persuade my dad
you need to make sure that it's the
right decision like yeah you should
think about but if they're gonna be like
in a nice place I don't want to just
shove them anywhere obviously I'm just
gonna show you know you you'll buy them
like so it really auntie yeah I love
their own bed
and us spending more time and me urge me
all the time with the guinea pigs how do
you know already anyway guys I also
wanted to take this opportunity to say I
hope you enjoyed vlogmas ah I did good I
want to take this opportunity yeah I did
because it was you know a lot harder
than I thought it was gonna be and when
I said I was gonna do vlogmas a lot of
people were like good luck including me
you doubted me I doubted myself and I
failed and you did well I only missed
one day and that was because I did
nothing but edit yeah um so I hope you
enjoyed it let me know in the comments
if you have actually um you'll be
watching this on Christmas Day so I hope
that you're having an amazing Christmas
whether you are gallivanting around or
you're just tucked up in bed watching
Christmas films with a load of chocolate
and I hope that you've enjoyed this
channel because I made this channel
about this time last year and you
enjoying it I'm really enjoying this
channel yeah I think we should do more
daily vlogs more often just do like a
couple of week or something
um I've wasted out of my arms dying out
out we're all wearing matching pajamas
that we got from Primark today oh yeah
the boys have got these and the girls
have got these with these literally
pings these little ones on them and um
so I think that's really cool it is even
cleaner my mum and dad yeah even alfea's
mum and dad are wearing them so I'm
gonna live in these tomorrow and also I
just hope you've enjoyed blog post this
is the last one in case any of you are
wondering are you carrying on to the in
December no it was always going to be up
until Christmas Eve and then I was going
to have Christmas Day not filming
relaxing my family yes
um so this is the last vlogmas does that
make you sad no it's not my blogging
channel it does it make you sad that
you're not gonna wake me up in the
morning filming me
yeah I'm not gonna miss that that's one
thing I'm not gonna miss I really
enjoyed it though guys so honestly let
me know give video a thumbs up - that
could be my Christmas present give this
video a thumbs up and oh that's amazing
Christmas for me to get you yet I'll
just thump up this video yeah now don't
buy anything
should I take back what I bought yet
yeah the shot yeah okay my armor Oh what
if you thank you shaking by now okay
Merry Christmas guys love you all so
much thank you so much for being so
supportive all year you're all my
favorite are they your favorite yeah no
my subscribers are my favorite not your
subscribers your subscribers are smelly
well this is your channels they're gonna
say yours the best some of them watch
both of us and they're even cooler
okay bye guys every Christmas we'll miss
you loads
