hello I know I was gonna vlog June and
June vlogs are over but you guys really
love my vlogs um so and you're all
really gutted that they were coming to
an end so I don't quite know if I'm
going to carry on every day leave your
suggestions below I was thinking maybe
every other days or every three days or
maybe just when something a little bit
more exciting happens but you let me
know in the comments today is the Harry
Potter brutal day this was the one thing
that I was most excited about like even
more excited about this than VidCon and
that say something so we are at the
Grove which you may or may not remember
I've stayed in before we came to the
studios to have a tour and they put us
up in this hotel which is right next to
the studios and it is the most amazing
hotel if ever you need to like get away
or you want to take like your mum and
dad and your partner or something away
for a really nice like a couple of days
this is the place to come look at the
view from my window so beautiful there's
some people having lunch that don't
realize I'm filming them and there's
like basically just loads of grounds and
there's golfing you know I'm not going
to be doing golf but it's an option so
myself and Louise are staying here
tonight and we are doing the Harry
Potter meetup at 4:25 I'm just gonna
bring you along with me I'm super
excited someone's ringing me who is it
it's Louise
hello madam
no I'm going to I'm just a vlogging okay
goodbye
oh hello fight okay I'm just gonna do a
very quick hotel room tour because we
wants to see me fast it's big massive
massive big mirror which I love
so desk area cute little chair area TV
oh my god I didn't even realize the TV
was there chimney which says chim
chiminey chim chiminey chim chim true
which I quite like a dressing table with
a leg that looks like it's about to give
way oh this is mirrored nice big bad
lovely there's love you this my favorite
or look what they left me a chocolate
frog with some chocolates how cute is
that as you know one thing I love to
check out when hotels of the bathroom
and I was not disappointed by this at
all
nice big standalone bar some towels
massive big shower
cute little sink area and then around
here is the toilet with a very
questionable
picture above it and you have legs like
Alfie although that it does not look
like Alfie for the rest of the part and
then in there is just a wall an ironing
board okay so my gosh Louise's hey and
you just left my hotel room and I'm lost
already
every copy all looks the same
six bit like some Chapman
the bill pink Oh coming out in front
Xiaomei
we're just waiting to meet people now
look at the food oh my goodness this
looks delicious
hello team how was the first round it
went really quickly I know something
like really like my little small try and
they were a little I know what it's
going to I was like no no no I'm not
been a long time so didn't want to rush
people
yello-ha
have food and drink and make sure you do
then
this is love
also - I'm off on one of them I don't
want that shut your mouth was that rice
and there's a mushroom oh yeah and
shroom is after all lovely
we have done our little meetings with
the two group meetings meet up all
chummy need to do a white so you need to
look on yeah mom because I got good okay
so we just met the two groups and it was
amazing it was so nice getting to just
chat with everybody and now we are going
into the Great Hall
glue so Vikon the Great Hall even though
this is the third time we fit in here
it's still magical isn't it just like
your face thanks for popcorn ice cream
so excited haha
your ma cherie what not just happening
chummy got wedgie to see the people
behind ya
I feel very under pressure rather a tip
as well yeah inform I feel under breath
I feel really like a skip no I thought
well Harry Potter and Ron I'll be Harry
no you're gonna say that I'll be lyonie
no it's Harry or um Jimmy
Ron is cooler but I think you should get
one of those in your living room
you only get four each oh my god there'd
be no room for anything you know I just
hang my charges are like oh yes what
food did you get in the lobby peak it
was the nicest thing nolan norman dello
me i got em like missile I had that
Webster and with that sausage of myself
oh good cooking on at the world bitch it
was a big delicious make an interview so
we thought okay I'm gonna ask you this
because I do a lot of presenting in my
job Reysol what your role is your job
I'm a smoker ah ah so good with mummies
mmm yeah you do you rather have
fingernails 44 teeth for fingernails do
you think g4 fingernail that is a
correct answer and a soup base diet it
would be how you'd eat one day cuz you
want to think about what you d cuz it's
not every time I want you know I just
think about how super strong my hands
with me of like did you disagree with me
dear yeah what's your favorite part of
the day everything well everything's
been lovely and I liked coming in here
because it's quite magical and open the
doors and there's a lot people standing
and I liked and looking at the costumes
and I between you two cuz you're looking
I like the clock the little and cubes
that all wear and all of the food was so
nice cuz they did make me around apart
from the cakes he said we're a bit tried
the work a little bit dry with Iceland
Iceland as its known and you have the
scones with the cream and the sky
I
did you play you can watch the film now
put some ice cream I am now back at the
hotel I had said hello did you have a
nice time Jimmy
yes it was nice to hang out with you
have some cherry time yeah and also to
meet all the lovely people that came
there was a moment in the cinema which I
don't think you interested sorry
basically we were sat at the front and
then everyone who came to see us was
also sat in the cinema and Louise had
this bottle of coke with berry on it and
where that picture was from what picture
oh yeah I'll get that too in a minute so
basically what happened is that please
expect a lot squeezy excited for room
service um they she opened the bottle
and it sounded honestly in a very quiet
moment in the film a very quiet serious
moment like she had done a really Airy
fart and everyone started laughing it
she was like it was a drink it was a
drink and I just could not contain
myself
I had like tears streaming down my face
that had tears streaming down her face
me Louise are probably laughing about it
for a good solid five minutes yeah in a
serious part the film - okay I'm gonna
end the vlog here I'm actually Louise's
room right now got the little
dressing-gown wrong my little slip
slippers little berry drink it
it's knotted your wall that has and I'm
gonna end the vlog here I hope you've
enjoyed it today I certainly did I
really liked it left how casual it was I
loved how we got to speak to everybody
and just amazing there's ice cream
popcorn sweets cakes they even fed them
cute little like dinners she enjoyed
thought was so cool and he was after
mini risottos mini like salads and like
mini baggers of mush which is really key
anyway nice to see to see nice good
night
