good morning Edinburgh
good morning everybody it finally here
it's block miss day one and I have been
looking forward to this for so long I
actually woke up this morning in the
best mood
ever Alfie's in here currently I think
he's brushing his teeth way vows I was
so excited because I was like it's the
first day of December which means
Christmas is officially here and
Christmas is the best time of year my
most favorite time of year and yeah I'm
very excited it also marks the first day
of vlogmas so I've got my vlogging
camera you'll have to also excuse the
fact that I am currently ill this was
always gonna happen I get ill at least
once during vlogmas just so happens it
was on day one or just before day one I
was actually a lot worse than this and I
did have a mini panic thinking there's
no way I'm gonna be able to do it
because I feel awful but I'm dosed up
and I just have a bit of a stuffy nose
now so you'll have to excuse me I'm
wearing my candy cane jumper from
Topshop this hat is also from Topshop
but it is the biggest hat you have ever
seen we are currently in Edinburgh we
came here last year we're here again me
Mark Alfie poppy and Sean and all that's
left for me to say now is
very well Miss Mary flop no what's the
one thing everyone gets very excited for
when vlogmas comes around enjoy my intro
i mean not everyone I'm being a bit like
big-headed there but I do have a new
intro so without further ado here is the
vlogmas 2017 intro enjoy it
how much do you love that intro I think
it's one of my favorites I love the like
drawn illustrated animations oh it's
very dark out here where is everyone
the yes staying in a row is staying in a
beautiful apartment look at the bathroom
is that not bathroom goals right there
look at the beautiful light and the
lovely view out of the window of the
townhouses also this is one of my fave
bits
turn some lights on so you can actually
see oh oh yeah I love this bit stairs
how cool is this
and then the banister so cool I don't
actually know what our plans are today I
know kind of roughly we all want to go
for breakfast because none of us have
eaten yet
and we're definitely gonna go check out
the Christmas market and do a bit of ice
skating all Merry Christmas guys
got tidings to you and all your good men
how does it go I am loving your
Christmas jumper yeah are we both bought
our Christmas jumpers on where's yours
popping spray fade out let's do a jumper
DIY mark's chosen the program for this
morning it's called sex robots it was on
channel 4 last night and I saw those
people talk about on Twitter and I was
just like look at that really real yeah
Merry Christmas everyone
Alfa's just made me absolutely crowd
laughter I was talking in my sleep last
night and he filmed it and he just made
us watch it in his blog and now I need
to read you my makeup because I was
Carlin's after literally I am nuts like
I talk in my sleep so much but my
freakin eyes open that's just terrifying
just gonna do a little bit of I mean how
can I fix this
oh my eyes are streaming Oh No
Merry Christmas Shawn Zoe tell me three
things are excited about today ice
skating yeah maybe the central pizza
slice where ice skating is sure when
that was in summer no that pizza they
don't that was in summer was it the food
first of all no they've been happy
something will find pizza and maybe a
hot shot oh yeah I was good ever heard
wanna try it
yes wrote everything I always do that
whenever I'm at Starbucks or Costa and
they have a specific oh for goodness
sake and they have a specific syrup for
a latte just ask for a hot chocolate if
you don't drink coffee or if you don't
fancy you know it's not on the menus I'm
messing with the system if you want that
though get it in a hot choc because it's
just a syrup isn't it oh they do sort of
go okay all right then I also do it with
pumpkin spice pumpkin spice hot
chocolate mm-hmm
Dayoung we have to wrap up this warm
because Edinburgh is bloody freezing
Chaffin put your coat on put your hats
on
shut your wet boy I'm gonna do all of
roughness like they're chaining
okay so we're doing a very chilly but
very nice walk to brunch I know I've
lost the feeling in my hands already
come on all of yesterday this coke car
race it is coat that poppy has is giving
everyone static shops all day
there it is he heading to haul these
gloves the tick bag look at them heading
to a little cafe called urban angel
which we came to last year when we came
in August the post-cold yeah very cold
is your face cold it's very cold
these nice cold morning when we check
the weather it said it was gonna rain
and I'm so happy that it isn't following
the we're here I just told Sean there
was sugar in tables
yes you did yes you did sure I used to
be an apprentice and you didn't put
sugar in your tables then you're doing
it all wrong Mark's trying a tumor at
class a what do you think it's nice
isn't it I think it takes Christmas yeah
yeah tired from this way
yeah I'm not once really good good try
every just like test
alphy I think so yeah
think of the health brunch has arrived I
went for the poached eggs on sourdough
with Tomatoes sure and I don't think you
got a bacon their massive mushroom Oh
was it cool
coming off we just come back to the
Airbnb and down your Bethany are here I
know oh it's blurry there we go and
we've got cove on the what of these
calls
xylophone we also found this giraffe
which actually you can kind of sit on
Jack and bucks yeah we don't know how
big it is I love that the giraffes in
the top corner watching this as maybe -
fingers can you see yourself we've come
into town
and we are about to go ice skate I think
I'm very excited remember the Christmas
music plays how did you start buy
tickets for ice-skating at the box
office oh oh it's a good time to go on
guys it's not busy so Christmasy can you
skate son come on get your skates on
marklar so color-coordinated you ready
oh my god how's Mark overtaking us with
a bloody sea
I love home like popping from side to
side
Oh someone's fallen over Yui
Mark's having the time of his life
on his little seal wait you're catching
up with me
we've got a ting I thought it really
works at ice-skating and we're now
heading to I can hit back PI and we're
now heading to the Christmas market
which I think god this looks so cute let
me show you I always think this this
thing looks like something from like
Lord of the Rings
puppies just realized what is you say oh
I would like you should say we went on
that last year yeah we did
I'm very happy I've got myself some
gloves that actually fit yeah Alfie's
going in for the dart okay mark go on
you got this oh I think it's really it's
just above not quite that was hey guys
cochon so you need to get it
well you haven't won we haven't won but
just for pride just so close - yeah
I feel like you should get something
just for getting them with your eyes
shut the try what we've ordered a what
it's a head trip on a stick
chip on a stick we've got these last
year and they were so delicious
I can't feel my lips on some college
here when you talk that's so sad oh my
kids may okay I'm gonna move out the way
you like is making my jaw you know when
you I'm really going to make sure you're
like eight
what do you think good yeah it's nice
delicious
look at this cheese fondue roll and then
they put it under the grill how do they
do that crazy so oh wow are you having
one yeah I actually think Bethenny's
look better than yours is an actual
melted mashed potato
oh you're so cute
it's like he knows what's about to
happen he did a little smell he's
thinking about it
so cute see you'd never know it was
actually done you're behind me making
him smile joined it when you first how
he's gonna carry Co this is practice
Alfie practice for ten years time I can
imagine my mum watching this going are
you serious yeah just like that video
ten years are not waiting that long to
be a grandma Alfie I think this might be
the cutest thing I've ever like
witnessed
hold him he's just eating oh he's having
a snack
I just need to remember that I brought
in there nobody
Oh Alfie I just love that he's looking
up I'll be the whole time to you as
daniel said he's real bad do you feel
like I have to be yeah I'm like if I
trip over now of course bad is not even
your child
my favorite thing is you feel him go my
card hand Amir it's too cute imagine
that Zoe
imagine that for a video this is just
all so magical we're entering we're
entering the Christmas tree maze wait we
did apparently I think there must be a
pen at each station okay so pretty cute
right well going round the Christmas
tree maze poked an eye out now he's not
bothered about anything at this
Christmas mark anymore anything he can
look at is cold you're not bothered by
anything in this Christmas market or any
Morales there's none
that's what this boy just said there's
none over here papi this way I'll be has
become a tablet you're gonna be the best
time the world I music I could never
really film with you I mean at a same
time I'm pretty sure you said this last
time we're in the base this is so
magical
I feel so festive right now I love it Oh
festive do you feel on a scale of one to
ten twenty
look at that it's just so festive marks
getting into arguments of kids his
little boy told us that was the wrong
way then he told us this is a dead end
and we said we I believe you no you
ruined it and it wasn't it and boy who
cried wolf fires yeah Oh someone sounds
like they're chopping a tree down around
there
oh boy
yeah we're actually lost in this maze
there's a really big bulk of maze this
way I'm feeling it scuse me you talk to
me Harry run over those Mia mark run
away because we were like we're gonna
find the owl everyone's looking for one
owl and we were like we're gonna find it
so he ran away and that was the
stupidest thing we could have ever done
mark I guess now I think they've left
the maze they've gone no that's the
access
we're never gonna find it do they fit in
the maze only Cottonelle are you joking
wait okay now let's get the hell out of
it but that was good let's get the hell
out of here okay
well here ya are they waited for us that
was kind of three of them look at all
this food
thank you
your hands go up when you get really
close little bit later on we've all
winced at chatting and chilling I'm not
feeling the best I think it's because
when you're tired in the evenings you
just feel worse but we have ordered some
food and we are going to tuck in web
Easy's and my favorite thing in zzs is
this so it's the fondue fondue type for
Maggie which is like a liquid cheese and
then you can dip the dough balls in it
and the zzs arancini balls are
absolutely delicious
where's mark God he's going for a big ol
food Oh lovely is my camera oh I smashed
my camera screen Daniel and Bethany are
up now hi guys
get home safe we message us when you get
back so we know okay thank you
oh god I hope
Edinburgh is cold Edinburgh is cold and
I have a cold
it's not a good combination first of
December correct myself and Alfie are
doing and every other day Advent sorry
blue doing them every day we're doing
every day Advent but we're giving each
other a present every other day so 12
presents each and I'm gonna kick it off
here on my channel and give Alfie his
first Advent present hey guy
have you seen n little kids with each
emitted with a banana when he gets my
mag in his life yeah do I have to be
like that or something we kiss oh that I
really don't like open your presents
yeah and I'm just agreed to doing 12 I
just have to Rishi ate the rat Fang you
know don't know how long I can take what
is that pyjamas yeah I've got any
Christmas Eve jump short sleeve as well
I love there do you like them yeah
amazing
now you can wear them thank you come on
now
I'm going out to a pop I know thank you
so much okay unless I'm gonna go to bed
now it's actually not that earlier it's
like 10 past 10:00 is only I think the
boys are going to the pub it's not new
to Boston on a Friday night I know is a
Friday night and if I wasn't feeling so
rubbish I might come just for one like
soft drink oh one quick orange juice or
something you know
you know um but yeah I've had a fab
birthday I had so much fun and it was so
nice seeing Daniel and Bethany
and Cove who is just the cutest little
baby ever like so first I want to hold
him all the time he is adorable so happy
hopefully I feel better in the morning
well this morning if a way better
because you were lots of sleep
yeah your loss history highways yeah and
then you might feel better tomorrow yeah
but thank you so much for watching block
miss day one I really hope you liked it
give it a thumbs up as always and I'll
see you back here again tomorrow
