good is it the afternoon yeah oh it is
good afternoon everybody
it is vlogmas day 19 that means there's
only six days to Christmas doesn't earn
four but when you watch this not only be
five days to Christmas why does it go so
quickly myself and my dad have stolen my
brother's car well we all carry stolen
it just taking it for a ride because it
was just there on the drive you know we
did get his permission is one transe and
we're off to do some errands and some
food shopping and
yeah really exciting it's really
exciting time right now they've just
finished in Waitrose and I got some
yummy treats and my dad just taken the
trolley back is that not the worst part
about shopping is taking back the
trolley
I was a little snack I'm gonna have some
constricts West Doble which I found in
Waitrose reduced to $1.99 hmm I'm back
at my desk editing and going through old
videos again because as I said yesterday
there's a lot of hours that you have to
like trawl through to find Christmas
days or Christmas sniffs um something
really weird happened this morning now
because I know my camera's broken and
it's driving you all insane
and myself insane I ordered a new one
and I'm just going to keep this one for
taking pictures because it's perfectly
fine at doing that I were a white one
from Amazon and Amazon Roy's spot on
getting sent to you you know it from
Amazon position and Amazon box with an
Amazon received an Amazon Amazon
delivery note but this morning I had a
package that had nothing on the outside
just tape addressed to me and it was a
black canon camera which is the same as
the one I ordered I then just assumed
they'd sent me the wrong colour and I
was like I'll know it isn't your own
colour I'll just check my order and make
sure don't accidentally send black
because everyone has a black one and I
like to have a white one because when
I'm with Joe and Alfie who both have
black ones it's easy to tell which ones
in mine not there's nothing wrong with
the black ones I think they're just as
good it's just a color preference and so
I checked online and I went through all
the like Aldous LED manner that all the
order references and things like that
and the one on Amazon said that it had
been dispatched but it had like a time
line so it was like dispatched warehouse
in transit and delivered and it wasn't
in transit and it hadn't been delivered
and the delivery note that came with
this literally just had my name and
address on it and nothing else there was
no price there was no which company it
came from it was the weirdest thing so
I'm starting to think if this is just an
accident on their part and if you sent
me a black one and it just doesn't seem
to be in any Amazon packaging with any
recollection of it coming from Amazon at
all even by order numbers and
batch numbers and delivery note numbers
nothing adds up so I'm so confused I'm
wondering if this has been sent to me by
someone I honestly don't know I'm
thinking this is probably the Amazon
mistake but the Amazon one does said
that it's on its way
so I guess we'll find out if I then have
two cameras and what the hell has
happened here
also when trawling through my old home
footage I found another corker which I
thought I would share with you I briefly
remember watching this back a few years
ago and laughing at how silly I found it
so I thought I'd share it with you will
be a bubble happens it'll be exact
and that ladies and gentlemen was my
three-year-old take on the Sphinx is it
a lady is it a doggy way too much for my
tiny mind to handle oh and here's me
naked as a three-year-old making mud
pies in the garden and talking to myself
clearly I was weird from the very
beginning
so this is currently happening guess who
I am I'll give you a clue where are you
Christmas why can't I find you to find
out why I look like this you'll have to
stay tuned to Joe's channel I'll leave a
link in the description and just in case
you were wondering if I intended to put
this much blush on my face I did don't
worry
also there isn't really a lot of point
asking me how I did this because I don't
really remember it was all very trial
and error and I just copied a picture
online but it's a nice little Christmas
fancy dress I think or if you just want
to be a bit more adventurous with your
everyday hairstyle maybe filming's
finished
yay this isn't actually what joe looks
like are you so close your peripherals
can I wanna get your nipples in okay
what is it but to see the full effect
you'll have to go to Joe's channel
Sunday and I'm still Cindy Lou Who but
since it's like really late now I'm
gonna take all this off and undo my hair
even I actually grown quite accustomed
to it and I'm gonna go to sleep so guys
this is Aurra and my vlog say goodbye
Joe bye Jay bye
