hello everybody welcome today blockless
day vlogmas day 18 why am I talking off
I have been in my dressing gown all day
it's now quarter to six and I have been
working like a trooper I get a lot of
emails and today I've been going through
my emails doing some admin work and
mostly the massive task of the day for a
video that is going up before Christmas
with my brother was to put all these
DVDs that we've had from tapes on to the
computer which I didn't realize would
take a long time
plat 50 pounds later and some software
that will do it for me I'm now turning
all 15 plus hours of footage into mp4 so
that I can actually upload them to
YouTube and otherwise you'll never see
them so that's why I've pretty much been
doing all day I've also been editing a
main Channel video that I really needed
to edit and I have also edited my vlog
of yesterday so I kind of feel like I'm
getting back on track because vlogmas
has been so busy I've been so all over
the place I've not really felt like I'd
be on top of things so finally I feel
like I am I also have my calendar today
I'll show you what to have I got a cake
I got some coins for the treasure chest
and what else did I get
Oh a candelabra sorry computer sorry
there um and that is about all that my
day has consisted of so far and I like
to wear this because it keeps me cozy
and it's really soft so I'd live in this
if I could not rely this is one of my
birthday parties there's my cousin and
here's the Kay
this was my fourth birthday you stood up
exactly the same
was I invited No so we just threw her
hat someone there's Joe having a
thrilling time on the swing there's me
having a thrilling time on the bike and
that's my cousin there in the pink car
tears like what that was a great
rendition looks like Joe's having the
best birthday of his life with me and my
cousin Oh
all right big airs
all right Noddy why are we the loners at
the party
Steve here this is me on Christmas Day
with my little dress on with my collar
and my wobbly hat and this is the pram I
was telling you guys about when I was in
Harrods that I got for my butt not for
my birthday for Christmas that looks
like a Silver Cross in fact it might
have been a Silver Cross was it a Silver
Cross dad you didn't buy it did you
Father Christmas bought me it isn't
silver cross I think it might be there's
Joe like a little old man
oh hey definitely didn't want to hug me
I don't know if I ever told you the
story of when I went on holiday to a
very very hot place and foolishly I
didn't wear an SPF that was strong
enough and I burnt my calves and ankles
and the tops of my feet so I literally
had elephant feet and I couldn't bend my
feet because the skin had gone so tight
and burnt and swollen that it was
terrible that I have just found video
evidence of this so I thought I would
show you that's the back of me in the
bath and my dad decided to film me
my dresses how are you today I uh do you
know what I'm not great today
Oh tell me why tell me your woes because
the weather's so bad outside you have
been a nice boy that's the reason I like
I can't stay confined in a house all day
it drives me so I need outside I found
so you could just go and embrace the
wind I just did I went so far you see
what you could do what a nighttime kite
flying wha
glow-in-the-dark height can you get that
I don't know but if maybe put a vault
would go drag it down with eyes you
could put fairy lights on it I just an
hour psychist this does ruin my car door
so it had to investigate is it bad it's
not as bad as I thought
No oh dear I'm just editing a vlog for
you guys cuz that's all I've been doing
all day days you guys keep complaining
I'm so laying my vlogs catch you can't
agree we can Freitas right cuz it's
gonna get anyone it's really broken you
ready cuz there's cameras Nakajima Nadal
kick noise I've got something is like my
camera Winston of Froy have our ready
yeah right you're still recording free -
what is gonna be oh yeah what is fixed
gesture I doubt it I just shouldn't be
allowed a digital camera let's be honest
video nearly done work a sale like
there's not been enough festivity in
today's vlog so I'm gonna try and pack
in as much festivity as I possibly can
to put me back into the Christmas spirit
radio time reindeer chocolate advent
calendars Christmas tree for the
Christmas there a shot and light
Christmas tree some snow spray
some present a turkey for thorn fun fun
fun look who I'm skyping this is Tonya /
hey we miss each other from Dubai so
this is the next best thing I've just
uploaded my chocolate-orange DIY video
and I think it's going down ok I hope
you guys like it I've really noticed
upload this because it's really out of
my comfort zone and I thought it was a
cute idea at the time but the more
eventually I'm like it's a cute idea I
don't really know but I'm kind of I'm
happy with how it turned out so I hope
you guys like it I've now finished all
the jobs I need to do for today and it
is now 10 p.m. so I think I might do is
have a nice relaxing bath and get into
bed this is actually like a record for
me to stay awake until 10:00 because
usually I'm asleep at about half 8 9
because of my jet lag which still hasn't
gone but today I've kept myself busy and
I have really forced myself to stay
awake so I think hopefully tomorrow I'll
wake up past half past five in the
morning um so I'm gonna go remember I've
got some candles and I'm gonna have a
little skin treatment for myself so I'm
going to exfoliate with this which is my
favorite radiator which is fifty puffing
cream very expensive but so worth it my
Emma Hardy cleanser which is a staple
and then one of these I've not tried
this before so I'm excited to try it so
you're getting over but pamper videos
I'm also going to
is a story rich and over and I'm going
to delve into my lush bag and see what I
can put in the box thinking I might use
my star
and just in case you're super curious
this is what I'm going to use when I get
out the bar I'm going to use the Kaos
midnight recovery concentrate for your
room the midnight recovery eye gel and
also my favorite moisturizer at the
moment which is origins make a
difference love good night guys I'm
gonna have my bar and go to bed
