welcome to gloves day 17 it is currently
6:15 in the morning and I am on my way
home why do we drag his existing deal
was set on into the world in 2050 mainly
dry and chilly day for most of the you
Ken
so I am just waiting for Louise and Co
to arrive and I'm super excited because
I sent off all our old home tapes that
you get done like these things and that
you record all your memories on to get
them all put onto DVD's because the
longer you leave them the more they
deteriorate and I want to keep these
memories because they're special and I
also have it which says Portugal my
video diary Zoe's tape I'm interested to
see what this is because I briefly
remember every single day I've logged on
my holiday when I was about 8 years old
so maybe I've been vlogging longer than
I actually thought I had and it's all on
this tape so I'm interested to watch
that have you come to my house today you
having fun are we gonna do Christmas
presents are you excited yeah good scary
where's the truckin in the cupboard huh
oh no quick run away in this one train
me it looks like a hair dryer to me is
that the dragon okay yeah that is kind
of scary it's gone now bye dragon hello
Jimmy I love rubber hello please Matt
and Darcy have arrived at my house and
we are actually watching a vlog Helenus
we didn't want to come we didn't want to
shimmy
it's too late this forgot the day off
you've gone home there's no goddamn
retard scooter and we've been watching
an odd video that from those DVDs I got
of me vlogging when I was about 10 or 11
which was really weird and maybe if
you're lucky one day I might put it up
on my YouTube channel but it definitely
needs a better take guys on you youtube
channel yeah not like on Vimeo video I
might push it up on Facebook and that's
it myself and we are about to film some
chummy chatters and if you aren't sure
what those are it's the little series
that we've been doing on our second
channel these are quite a success yeah
so I'd really like it would be this big
a deal first so we do in close so we do
some of those just from your requests
that you've left in the comments and
then we're going to go really exciting
video Lee Christmas Christmas Christmas
I'm watching it for Christmas lots of
people around Christmas please come home
I see this upper fear that mask and when
shuffling in falmouth he's always so let
me go to one of my drawers oh what a
mile off it's pretty much Christmas
tradition for myself Louise and Matt and
Joe V's Hiller some as well wasn't he
see we'll have to save some for Joe
Gough and Darcy but she's asleep
um to get Domino's mm-hmm and watch elf
at the same time which is what we're
doing and Louise is in her classic spot
yeah Darcy doesn't have the Domino's she
has like healthy lunch sorry Darcy one
day let's delve in these are quite
possibly my favorite thing about
Domino's they're the cheese the wrists
you've never had one
don't try one do i yeah you really want
to try one loser
see Matt you can agree told you and a
bit of garlic and herb dip as well or
bit ketchup seem to mean exquisite
cuisine and in true tradition Louise
falls asleep okay ready
well this bit what will it be Oh
stories as the Christmas tell Peter
Rabbit that's okay hmm what's this one
maybe save that one - laughs hey Zooey
it okay what yeah
oh pretty snow is arc from the Bible oh
look it's all the animals and you can
play with it
use it like a bag and then all the
animals come out because in there zebra
is thank you so healthy
I'm happy
this one I think you might like a lot
she beautiful excited gonna say thank
you so you know fig you taking give ah
we get out the box
Wow Meg might struggle because kids
boxes that kid proof prisons Oh
aha go give Zoey a big cuddle say thank
you go on they're gonna be cuddling the
kids
mwah ah do you like your present
yeah
show me you're enjoying this more than
Darcy I'm setting it up for her
I don't be a good mother I didn't set up
all the toys you're having far too much
fun down there no good to get it just
right chilly before anyone can enjoy it
there's an important step oh oh yeah
it's having a little drink oh sorry
sorry say that she's been here for 20
minutes so far Darcy she take his mummy
taste in your present away no no look
that's all it allows full so you allows
on there on the Arctic strip
Darcy's here we've just filmed a video
what if I stop the camera no he didn't
stop the camera there just filmed a
video I now have a new decoration on my
tree which was packaged on one of
Louise's presents it's taken pride of
place I love it
to see the presents that Louise got me
you have to head on over to Louise's
Channel next Tuesday who's that
Christmas Eve but look what's over
Alfie's present itself is present for me
and originally I just had these two like
this but without the little chocolate
and I put the chocolate on cuz I thought
they look like testicles it led to be
like America says Alfie here's some
golden testicles so put the bell on so
now it does not look like testicles how
about to give Louise her presents so you
can also head on over to my channel on
Tuesday to see what I've given Louise
Louise is open to present yeah she has
here's a little sneak peek I was one of
them it's a little photo of me and
Louise I like these pictures a lot I've
not put them up anywhere online actually
world exclusive Wells exclusive I
actually love these photos so much I
think this one's my favorite
and maybe this one
leaving now Louise and Matt are raw and
Darcy
bye-bye Darcy oh she's not feeling very
well
we've been sat down watching our way
yeah hi Jay
did you like hell filming it's all
finished ah hello
I'll show you seems to be bothering
right out the front looking great
yeah you can tell it's like Trombley no
that's okay I'll see you after Christmas
see you after well Scott won yeah
