Oh today myself and Alfie are going our
separate ways the first time in vlogmas
did you know that it's the first time
I'm not being with you mmm and basically
I have this form our dear I bought it
for her because it just screams Mahdia I
think it looks like cougar and and we
want to pop it run to them today I'm
also going to get Felix and the pugs a
little present to just because we're in
the festive spirit and Christmas is all
about giving and we really like marzyong
Felix don't we do yes we do
no I like them a lot they're really
lovely people if you don't know I'm
talking about them till you're living
under a rock but I will leave both their
links in the description box and then
after that Alfie is going to go to those
numbers mum to see Billy Elliot yeah and
I'm going home
and tomorrow these and the fam are
coming around to my house to have a pre
Christmas Christmas and go baby whisk
whisk whisk whisk let's pop this up I've
got so much energy this morning
anything right into my face
no it's been a while since I've sang my
favorite song on my own pretending he's
beside me doing singing you know sugar
pop me for that no I'm shy he's gone
it was just a rhythm with us here the
world around me changes and everywhere
the streets are full of strangers we are
in a cafe and we're about to go into
tears more rewarding what I ordered I've
ordered a Cornish you chicken sandwich
and cheesy checks I feel like a tea
trees
you do it quite likely so what drink if
you got this is at your feet receive
stop peeing elderflower mmm yummy yummy
yummy lunch has arrived I've got cheese
in tomato ciabatta pizza with some
really nice-looking salad there and what
have you got out be coronation chicken
you've got salad too and he also ordered
cheesy chips I'm gonna eat this now
the Shepherd's warmed myself and Alfie I
don't know why he's holding my hair like
I'm like I'm a ranger let's go get away
and so meet an alpha we have done some
shopping which has been really
successful best time to go Christmas
shopping is a Monday afternoon there's
nobody around which way is it out there
oh there's very old lanes just fine
Marcia and Felix and cupcakes because I
love in cupcakes from down here is it
the cup no this isn't the one I like
it's just one of them I'll show you
oh yeah this is the one I like okay it's
from here angel food bakery cakes are
amazing
you don't like
what have you found oh yes together one
day and I had to bake the cake and make
them properly yeah nobody baking and
decorating classes shall we actually do
that yes did you know I'd be so cute it
looks really cool click this restaurant
take Christmas to them to the extreme
where would you get one of those I don't
like it
imagine that at night and then we've got
penguin and a Marlin business the
perfect decoration it's really freaking
me now if you went a little crazy in
town as you know all you may not know
Felix and Marcia have two little pugs
that are the cutest little doggies ever
and we found these I'm a little bit pug
crazy the wrapping paper has pugs on it
the t-shirt like what mozzie has a pug
on it and we found this which is a pimp
chew toy and these cute little outfits
that outfits
this one's outfits this one's for puga
it might be a bit small so we're not too
sure hopefully it will fit and this
one's for Edgar and we thought that they
would look cute dressed up with these
for Christmas Day and yeah also Alfie
got felix and presents - I think you got
him a helicopter and this which looks
awful chocolate bar from how hmm not so
fun also we got some cupcakes as well so
we're going to go round there and say
hello and then I'm going to drive home
and here are the presents what are you
singing then Alfie The Wonderful Wizard
of Oz I'm a boy band I am here with
Felix and the pugs which they run away
yeah baby there Oh like and these are
the presents yeah to get more time I'm
gonna eat bar from hell bianna hi I just
had a min always chewing my hair as you
call it my night to meet you hi does it
taste of anything is it really spicy
nice look how she just like almost
visiting this weekend you are a slight
change of plan and just been to see
Felix and Marcia and the pugs and look
what they got me it's so cute and it has
a fawn on it I know I love forms clearly
and also I was going to buy this when I
was in the shop and I didn't because
Alfie were strange me and said you've
got enough form things but thank you
Mario Felix because now I own it it's
the cutest in ever and also ah
I can open it look macaroons the best so
nice of them and it was so nice to catch
up with them and see them and the
doggies and they liked that outfits I
think um may have to get them changed in
size slightly but I was driving home and
I got sort of 20 minutes on the road and
because of my jet lag it means I wake up
about 5 a.m. and I start feeling sleepy
at around 8 because in my like mind or
brain it's about midnight because of the
debye being 4 hours ahead so I'm like
driving along and I'm like wow I feel
really tired and I ring Alfie and we
have this thing because I drive places a
lot we have like a scale from 1 to 5 of
how tired I am if it gets anywhere above
like a 3 I have to stop and either take
a break and have something to eat and
drink or turn around and go back because
it's really unsafe like everyone's
always like don't drink and drive but
it's also really unsafe to drive when
you're tired because so many accidents
happen you're not concentrating
especially this time of the year because
it just seems to be a lot more traffic
on the roads everyone's either coming
home for Christmas going away for
Christmas Christmas shopping and it was
also during rush hour so I was probably
travelling along about 10 miles an hour
the whole way and I was like what am i
doing I'm so tired
obviously I'm wide awake at 5 a.m. so I
can just leave tomorrow morning so
that's what's happened because it's not
safe to drive when you're tired and I
don't like to ever take that chance and
neither should you it's very important
to be alert and awake and feeling 100%
confident that you can do the drive I
have come back and I'm going to either
have a nap because I am so tired I need
to edit yesterday's vlog and I also
haven't edited my
lemon main channel video I feel like
I've been editing video like I have like
videos coming out of my ears and it
means that my main channel videos
because they take so much longer for me
to edit kind of go on the back burner
because I'm worried that I'm gonna miss
a day out Oh
Alfie's house phone is ringing there's
no one else in at the moment um and I'm
worried that I'm gonna miss a day and I
feel like my priority is vlogmas because
you know you're not going to want to
watch those in January so I hope you
don't mind that the kind of main channel
schedule is a bit kind of all over the
place so I'm going to end it here and
say good night guys and I will see
tomorrow where Louise and Co ie Matt and
baby litter will be coming to my house
I'm super excited because they'll be
opening their presents and it's going to
be like a pre Christmas Christmas and
I'm just so excited to see them all so
I'll see you tomorrow
