good morning it is now look must a 15 oh
my goodness is only 10 days to Christmas
this morning I'm wearing a scratchy in
my hair now I did not think I would ever
be wearing one of these since I was like
6 years old maybe even older than that
maybe I was about 9 but I got sent one
in the post and I liked it I do kind of
like I like one of those like you know
those dogs that the owners put their
hair up like into like scrunchies I feel
like one of those maybe but I like it
you're going to say in the comments 1990
called and it once it's crunchy back but
it can't have it because I'm wearing it
as a pin yesterday and today of this
player built calendar yesterday Oh a
scroll I'll computer
sorry computer wonder that Joe still sat
there there's another little phone I
told you I'm obsessed with forms 15 is
today get it out Wow
got it
oh it's the treasure chest awesome so
there we are the king who doesn't have a
name actually guys can we name all these
characters this is the bride so we need
a broad we need a name for her this is
her father who's going to be marrying
her to a prince who isn't around yet and
I'm guessing this is the little
bridesmaid let's pretend it's her little
sister and they all need names so leave
name suggestions in the comments for
these three wonderful Playmobil people
I'm wearing a festive jumper today I
don't know if you can see it it's from
craft Kidston and it says happy xmas
Alex got father Christmas on it
I just wanted to be
basudev why why not wear a jumper it's
the coziest thing ever and also alfea's
got a Christmas jumper on today we're
going to drive to Brighton today and I
need to also edit my main channel video
which is a DIY video so I hope that you
enjoy that something a little bit
different for me very much out of my
comfort zone I wanted to give it a try
so I hope that I did ok in that area
driving frightened I'm always try Nick
super - beauty weather is good bye
so I'm really missing why
but musics just making me feel so
Christmassy
what we now Alfie's house and we did get
here a while ago but we've both been
editing videos like good usually there's
an Dallas Christmas tree is all set up
beautiful how's it look down besides the
stories that went on so on the top I
like that's quite less it isn't it I
like it
there's two little presents down there
and it's all Christmassy and a fires on
I feel right at home and Christmassy
oh and you've got your Christmas jumper
my Christmas socks on son
we're just heading really sorry that
today has not been like too thrilling
we've not really it's nice though to
have days like this yeah but we are
still editing a lot like they're to edit
my main television is nice for them as
well it's nice fast of life it's nice
for them to see that we do just we don't
just have like crazy times in Dubai we
do literally just sometimes stay in bed
nothing but we didn't do that today we
just drove half the day really you did I
drove half the day um and yeah we're
just gonna have some dinner now your
grandma's coming around yeah
my mother and Alfie is gonna finish his
video and then I'm gonna finish my video
and then probably go to sleep because
I'm still kind of jet lag no I'm not
gonna lazy all night you're gonna stay
awake maybe I can get some of your sleep
talking again hmm
I kind of feel out watching a scary film
scary film ya know Christmas John not a
scary one I don't never having to share
one we can look on Netflix or on iTunes
yeah
sorry Zoe get one
before you can end your blog biggest boy
Gong Sun in the world
you're the biggest boy band fan in the
world aren't ya
and I had another encounter all the boy
bands alone would believe you really so
you sound like a weirdo that's why I
just had a quick deal about right you
shake a night you hit the camera I'm
sorry that today hasn't been too
interesting guys but I hope that you
enjoyed it none the less now I'm gonna
go back to sleep and carry on dreaming
that I am the biggest boy band fan in
the world good night
