good morning so far today I have left
Alfie's I stayed at his last night he's
gone into London for meetings I've come
back here I cleaned out these little
boys hi babies oh it's so nice when
their hutch is just like clear of poop
and then within like 2 minutes it's like
oh look yeah mm-hmm
now it's dirty if only you didn't poop
so much you poop so much but it's just
so cute they get so excited when it's
all clean and nice and they run around
like that see and and they've got all
their new hey this hey it's called like
a chamomile hey I've never heard of it
before but they love it it's from pets
at home it's not like from the field but
um you're having a good time on your
voice hello oh I love them so much I'm
gonna miss you next week my dad's coming
to look after them so don't worry about
that they're not going to be left alone
um what else was i doing today uh I've
done I've like tried to clean my kitchen
put some things on to wash I don't know
I've just been puttering around trying
to do stuff and sort stuff out and now I
want to go to the post office because
I've missed four packages every time I'm
not here a package arrives for me and
then when I am here nothing arrives for
me so I have to go pick up some packages
from the post office so that's exciting
and then I'm going to go food shopping
so I'll see my dad staying here what
were you chewing I just looked at him
chewing the bar and he stopped
immediately and was like ah oh no he's
gone again
Pippin you're gonna hurt your teeth
you're not supposed to chew metal chew
the wood chew the wood that's when it's
for two noron munchies
um and yeah I'm gonna go to wait trays
there's a new one that's just opened I
think somebody here
dude where it is I shall find it this
has been on my kitchen counter for like
a week and I thought it was like a cute
recipe book that you can get from like I
don't know a shop like a supermarket I
was just about to throw it away because
I was like okay clearly I've not looked
in it I'm not gonna look in it and it's
like a freebie then I realized it was
like it's a lush magazine how cool is
that and it tells you like what's in
them what it's good for
how to use them and it's got like
everything in it so if you're like a
major lush fan like me try to find
Belize and don't mistake it for a free
like recipe book like I didn't do you
ever do that thing where you type in a
postcode of somewhere that you've looked
up online because it's easier than
actually just trying to find it I do
that all the time because I have a
sat-nav so I just find it so much easier
to wipe the postcode in I'm like oh
straight there rather than funny around
trying to find where it is my excuses
always I still don't know Brighton that
well yeah but really I just like to put
the postcode in for security every time
even if I'm sonic so someone who thinks
they know the way like Alfie would
probably be set next me right now going
now I think I know the way I would
rather follow a Sat Navs directions than
Alfie's directions and I've got 1 2 3 4
packages from the post office which is
super exciting I might just open some
now before I head into Waitrose Oh God
polystyrene esses and I feel like this
is going to make a right old mess in my
car what is it said it was fragile oh
gosh
oh it's the flowers okay gee I ought to
be persistent on my dressing-table
they're like fake flowers but they look
really cute
they're um contra seeks to bubble-wrap
kind of ruins it but they're like they
look like wild flowers from a field and
they just fake just to sit on my
dressing table so that's that and the F
is obviously down those s is did you
know that ankles could sweat I didn't
know that until today wearing boots in
the heat was not a good idea
I can't even begin to tell you how long
this took me to get it from the car into
the lift and now up to my flat and also
I've got so weak arms they're going to
let one bag at a time this is why you go
food shopping with other people or just
your strong boyfriend I've opened up all
the little packages that I got from the
post office and I've got to see girl
light Falls because I just think light
poles can be so boring class I live by
the sea what's not to love about a
c-czar like pull at the moment they
don't have anything on the bottom
there's just you got my dressing table
because I think it just looks really
pretty and some of these because I love
them so much these are so cool and
they're just basically drinking glasses
with a handle and top in case you want a
hot drink to keep popped or a cold drink
keep cold and then these cute little
bottles I don't really know what I'm
going to do with these but Louise bought
some of these once for Darcy's birthday
and they just look really cute there and
a little crate I don't know milkshakes
smoothies in the summer or picnics and
some little straws on the top I just
think they'd be quite cute I really want
to do a home haul I don't know if I'm
going to get time to do it before I
leave for VidCon obviously that's
tomorrow as you're watching this I'm
probably flying on a plane but I really
want to do once we bought so many new
things to the home and I'm really
excited to show you if there was
smellivision right now you guys would be
drooling
I have never smelt strawberries as good
as these oh my goodness
here you go have a sniff
mmm I know you want me I know you want
me I feel like such a mum right now I've
made the guinea pigs like pack lunches
so my dad doesn't have to cut anything
up you can just take some stuff from
each thing don't worry this is one
portion for one day this is like to last
the whole week pretty much but at least
my dad doesn't have to do it then and he
can just reach into the boxes I bought
some herbs it made me feel very grown-up
and I got some basil or basil as some
might say and I got some mint which is
looking a little bit limp
so I might put a bit of water in it oh
maybe it's because it's in the Sun let's
move that I just love mint I like it in
drinks hmm
that wasn't even in shock so my guinea
pigs are quite fussy eaters and I try
and give them a mixture of everything to
try that obviously allowed to eat and I
do do my research first just in case any
of you get a bit worried that I'm gonna
be putting something poisonous in there
but I basically decided to dry them with
a bit of fruit because all they eat is
veg yeah you heard me so I've put I put
two tiny segments of clementines in
there a section of apple and two little
tiny bits of mango and they literally
ate nothing and they were squeaking for
food but I know that you're not supposed
to give guinea pigs too much fruit
because it's high in vitamin C and sugar
so that's why I just put a tiny bit in
there but they really just are not
interested you know like the fraud okay
so I've decided to start packing for
tomorrow the day before as you do
oh look recycling I just have so many
boxes there's no recycling place near me
so I have to draw I have to fill my car
with cardboard and drive there that's
not like it's a huge effort it's not I
just haven't done it yet so makeup wise
I've just got this bag I always feel
like I'd rather take more this is the
worst this is the worst like tips for
flying
I feel like I'd rather take a nice
selection a red lip a nude lip and a BB
cream a bronzer a blusher some eyelashes
one eyeshadow palette like I think I'm
just going to keep it quite basic
because I think I prefer that anyway and
then in this bigger one I've got things
like wipes perfume deodorant body creme
hairspray this amazing thing I thought
was awesome it's a bumble and bumble
surf shampoo conditioner and a little
like sea salt spray in a little zipper
which is always really true perfect size
for traveling I've got this I don't know
if I'll wear it I don't know if I can
pull off the flower crowns but maybe
with the curly hair some white some
wipes and cotton wool pads my tangle
teezer which looks disgusting I don't
know if any of yours gets really grubby
because of dry shampoo but my pixie glow
tonic I need you to take my cleanser so
I obviously can't go and my little eye
cream down there and some bobby pins and
a razor this is obviously going in my
main luggage don't worry guys I'm not
going to put that in my hand luggage
here's my little thing how cute does
that look this is actually from Gabi she
got this for me how lovely of her I
store all my like hair bits and pieces
in their brushes mirror and yeah this is
my little pile of things I want to take
on the plane chewing gum
neck pillow notepad pen this is a eye
mask and it's a wild fox one and I just
have to tell you that it is the most
soft thing I've ever felt in my life I
wish they made like onesies like this
amazing my friends headphones which I
posted on my Instagram not too long ago
this is actually the case they come in
which i think is pretty nifty because
they all fold up and it's pretty cool
some wipes um just to refresh on the
plane my passport obviously this which I
really want to try it's an all-in-one BB
cream and it comes out clear and then it
adjusts to the shade of your
face I thought I could apply that once I
was off the plane or something
sunglasses
I quite want like a hydrating cream
because obviously it's like a long-haul
flight so I feel like your skin needs to
be quenched I probably just take my
clinic cream because I love that so much
and also a hydrating lip balm that's one
thing I must remember okay so I thought
up this is some good in flight skincare
Elizabeth Arden 8 hour cream kills
creamy eye treatment and the clinic
Moisture Surge and then when I get off
the plane a little BB cream but I'm
looking through this old notebook keep
calm and carry on quite apt at the
moment and I found this which was when I
was trying to decide what to call my
second channel I quite like vlog Ella
why did I never go with that probably
because it sounds like an STD vlog Ella
zoella nutter more zoella chumba Lena
other zoella love I bet you guys could
have come up with something way better
than that
my dad's here now helping me put up my C
girl where I don't worry that hi dad
where is this some guy can get some
worth or Gummidge oh my god you scared
the crap out of me oh why I thought you
didn't have a key yeah Judge
Nebuchadnezzar who the hell is she
speaking innovative monkey yeah okay I'm
getting stupid
that escaped with from Charlotte what
I'm like a fixture here cutting the
scissors always hold them downwards what
happens shopton are you oh my god he
scared the crap out of me is it done he
doing comes little what they got yeah
that's so much nicer isn't it yay no no
no no no no no no this is the mug I
bought my dad because he's got a really
bad short-term memory and I think I may
be following in his footsteps because I
also have a really crap short-term
memory so everyone calls in the goldfish
and inside it says I can't remember what
I was going to say so this is now his
mug are you going to remember that this
is your mug whoa
this mug come on yeah look like this
watch out
just like stretch the dough
all right mines getting there now
doesn't have to be round right it's not
going to go round how do they make them
round no this why did we not to buy
pieces Domino's these actually look
surprised
surprisingly very good those alfea's
look healthy yeah good wasn't a heart
shape yeah and then there's mine in
there
mine looks really good that does doesn't
it yeah lookups food thing or something
that actually does not look too bad I've
got puzzle Tomatoes I would actually be
happy with that and I best Parmesan
around the outside like they do in zzs
and fire and stone mmm mmm is so chuffed
with that I actually like the best
picture I've ever made you can see a
little face as you shown you the outside
of that I bought these earlier today
mainly because I like the little
ramekins over that erm you get to keep
once you've eaten them naturally China
but they looked really cute so I'm
guessing we'll all have well what do you
guys want does anyone want sticky toffee
pudding apple crumble I think I like the
sound of this one guys
shut up put in oh how are you trying to
put in stop pretending to be asleep do
you want a per day do you want a putting
on a good sleep
you still got to pack and film videos
fun the camera any closer
a maybe uh streamlined really cute you
want to give him a kiss
