hey what's up oh hi Kylie see anything
Joe's actually wearing these glasses
which M are my limited edition ones I've
actually thought after you person and
left skies if you click the link a link
in the description box you can go and
get them
I kind of forget but because we're in
winter doesn't necessarily mean
everywhere else in winter you might
still need sunglasses like Joanie
disease for here so you do need some get
some below here the boys sunbathing
together
what a picture daring me I'm afraid
me and Tana just max in how cold my hand
was it maxing relaxing nothing too
taxing chillin all people at school
started makin trouble in the
neighborhood are you thinking that yeah
I didn't hear what you're shooting out
maxin relaxin shooting some people are
laughing at us man the Joe is off to do
a shark what's it called Chuck Safari
where he swims in a tank of sharks with
a big bowl on his head
I can never say big bowl you might be
shaking nuts steel nuts of Steel let me
know what happens when you get back I do
come back charge me extra hungry oh shut
up you better be back you know for a few
hours just getting the last little bit
of Sun so guys the last bit of something
you're going to see in progress I think
I think pretty sure the layin
and not many people get sunny necessity
so we feel is very lucky you have some
lovely time mayor amazing video - yes
yes look goodbye son
it's been lovely seeing you in December
we'll see you again in probably June
bye the Sun is setting and we are
currently having a game of football and
my wrist now looks like this because it
really hurts I'm not very good at it but
these guys the boys me and I are trying
our best they're quite good at it these
lads
they've got strong wrists that's how
time
that's how town serves throws it over
just got to tans room and there's a
crocodile in her room munching on her
shoe no he is why he must have been
hungry crocodile was also an elephant
hello mr. elephant
that's that's some serious skill right
now stickers on the eyes that is some
serious skill from you tourists Lee was
at the lodge yeah target Orioles
yeah she's notorious for her amazing
speeches and she's about to make one for
the end of the holiday so here we go
Todd
Tonya bear everybody that's it like
thanks for coming on this trip cell
phone I think that we've all become a
little family didn't you all some of my
bestest friends and I think we're going
to know to the forever and recent of
Apple battery we have to know each other
that long so that we know and find out
about who gets to full body hair all
over yeah I just thinks amazing that
we're from all different places in the
UK and never be friends some from
Brighton bar little bit oh my god of the
north just a little bit all run Parker
shared and anywhere else and I just
think it's crazy
we're also world - good friends and it's
crazy and it's wearing de boys mad
we've got my best features everyone's
crying why are you crying
oh we're the lion meets up with his own
no years later and he still remembers
him that was amazing
oh my god property honey we're such
we're never on YouTube Oh what is going
on I wish such girl this is so typical
isn't it girls get diggity yeah you've
got to put the link foot video in your
vlog I will I'll put I'll put their link
to the video in the description box yeah
I've seen it before with your eye yeah
yeah not as much as we've had tears
streaming down her face no just get out
of town
