welcome to vlogmas day lemon locks has
got a new voice can you demonstrate
please or Jordan say say alright lads we
go down author Park
boy that's going down the bore parts I'm
right yeah I think it was the tattoos
Yeah right
he's woken up I'll see you do something
similar please
I'm not manly oh you all look I got shot
on the bus under my off speedboats up
got mean Joey Justin sugar
I'll go Tonya Barone are late today
where we go now yeah and so Navy thank
you we have just walked unnoticed
that was fun though that's the best part
of my day too
you
you
we just got back from water park and we
are hanging out at the beach now with
time I didn't really go on a lot of
rides because I don't like rides at all
but I went all around but like all right
Damon yeah sorry guys last time - yeah
the CIO's do oh look at this cute little
bromance
Marcus is having a little sleep on
Alfie's lap Jose there with his cool
ponytail tan hey there's my oh me
relaxing on Marcus it's like a freeway
slow yeah oh no me and I'll feel pulling
hairs out of Marcus and he's getting
really do the net butters oh I'm really
sorry by the way guys if my camera is
messing up I don't know what's wrong
with it I haven't even had it very long
and it's definitely not the autofocus I
think it's something wrong with it I
dropped it a couple of days ago and now
there's like a weird clicking noise in
the background of the videos and I have
no idea why so I'm gonna have to try and
sort that out but robbers will continue
don't worry I was just a clerk with the
clicking for now
Oh
what does J want
oh came all the way down here to ask you
to take a photo of you all right Tanya
about your new products are coming out
is it Lipson lips and nails Sam 3000 you
gotta learn how to get have a car
without showing your knickers off yeah
so we've been doing a little photo shoot
go on the beach meantime and I was gonna
go to prison yeah I forgot the laws in
Dubai and I kind of got my arse out on
the beach all right photographed it past
Don's gonna put it on a vlog so look out
for that
that's the Daily Mail got some money for
that photo ms magazine bless us no
that's too PG feel bum beautiful sunset
beautiful beautiful oh yes you're naked
bikini dad gone now you don't you myself
Josef and Alfredo are heading off road
sorry Jay go to Joe's blog to find out
what about um we are off to dinner I
have just had a nap because I fell
asleep
Alfie's just woke me up and said we've
got like seven minutes to get ready and
I'm like what
so I've just chucked on some clothes
quick the hair back that's going food
better this book miss whole promising
it's done to read most of our minds yeah
let me stay over said anymore okay are
you recording yeah alright okay so on
Joe's vlog I've just in a really cool
dance I want him to try and do a cool
dance for my vlog
it feels great to don't let up I don't
think you guys realize would have to put
up with we're dealing with these two how
do you do a clapping dance I'm a normal
person we don't do that
oh you so not right off camera I'll be
some weird us out of all of us thank you
Alfie do a cut dance just quickly come
on you can't be the only one that
doesn't do it sure
all right hello Jen enjoying your meal
out on your own yeah Thank You Evan Oh
Tim nice day huh I like you and we
bought this one this drinks really good
it's got like a black blackberries
raspberries honey coconut milk and some
other stuff wearing saffron tonight and
there's some cute little lanterns that's
my new thing right
I don't mind the cute your food and tiny
days where's room the seniors you know
everyone's looks hey yeah if you point
home you dote on that there's like an
extra foot on your leg she look so it is
gonna work we are now playing a spot of
late-night basketball and we've got the
boys versus the girls so far who scored
so far I have twice Jo scored twice is
what Weis
I scored once um I think the girls
tactics is just to try and grab the boys
is really fun I like coming out Abbott
are those things me alone oh he can't
see me guys I'm just worried I'm gonna
get when I blow these buggies but we've
just had some drinks on the beach and
now we are going to head to bed so good
night
you
