good morning it is Thursday one more day
to the weekend I actually fell asleep at
like half 9:00 last night so I'm feeling
quite energized what's the time now I
think I've been awake since 7:00 kind of
6:45 ish but yeah I'm feeling energized
I've got quite busy day today I've got a
meeting which I'm very very excited
about and I think that's at like 9:30 so
I need to get ready I need to have my
breakfast and I'm gonna tidy up the
kitchen a little bit and yeah
all ready for the day I started doing a
time-lapse of me doing my makeup and
then my battery died and I didn't
realize until I was like halfway through
doing my eyes so sorry about that but
this is my makeup today I feel like I
look very tired I didn't actually sleep
very well last night
Nala was so annoying I let her sleep in
the bed because Alfie wasn't here and I
was lonely but she just kept waking up
look she knows I'm talking about her she
kept waking up getting out of the duvet
scratching like really hard and then
trying to bury to go back underneath the
duvet she probably did that like 20
times in the night is home tonight
gnarlier going back in your bed gave you
one chance and you blew it
right what was I doing oh I was gonna
make a big jug of lovely icy lemon water
for our meeting let's use this one it's
not very big jug I need bigger jugs
why am I taking such pride in a jug of
bloody water I'm like no I will make
this the most perfect jug of lemon and
mint water you ever did see let's take
this up to the office it's a little bit
later on in fact it's much much later on
but I have had a very productive non
vlogger ball hello nan vlog about
meeting and then after that we were just
getting on with lots of work I'm gonna
sit in my little chair that's nice
although this chair does make me feel
like motion sick
she's just like hoppers Alfie's just
called me he is boarding his plane and I
think what I'm gonna do if you're up for
that as well Nala is I think what I'm
gonna do and if Nile is up for it as
well is I'm going to watch the rest of
cool Midwife which I put on this morning
because I think it's still paused on my
TV downstairs and I'm going to answer I
have a few like press requests which is
q A's for certain magazines or
publications that I have to do so I'm
going to sit and do that maybe put some
cosy clothes on and tidy up the meeting
room a little bit
look what was brought to the meeting on
his one left
Percy marry Percy Merce there Percy pigs
but with freaking Christmas hats on like
how cute these amazing and there's one
left so maybe I'll have to eat that one
brief successful day
I'm really happy so I'm sorry I couldn't
really vlog it I feel like this is a
pretty pointless day for me to vlog but
hopefully alpha will come back soon
there's still there's still the evening
everyone has left now so I've got my
camera out to fill you in on what you
missed and meeting room is all tidy if
it wants to focus yay
oh I need to show you because I'm really
proud of it I had lots of sourced boxes
that me and Alfie hadn't opened or been
through so I took it upon myself to
steal all the things inside the sauced
boxes and put all the snacks into one of
my little Zara lifestyle tins and
actually this proved very well-received
today everyone was like taking out
little snacks from there which I really
liked love this picture of me and mark
also how cute is this got a couple on
the
I've got these ones of me and poppy
which we took at the Sea Life Centre in
Brighton then there's more of me a mark
I literally love this photo I feel like
that photo sums up our entire friendship
and then he wrote me this cute little
message on one of my zoella cards do
very congrats on your new bt range it
smells and feels incredible so proud of
yourself all we love mark I think he
actually wrote that sat next to me one
day when I was working up here love it I
also have another because that wasn't
big enough for all the snacks I have
another one here which is kind of like
more crispy packets rather than bars but
so far they went down very well I think
everyone appreciates a healthy snack in
long meetings also a lot of you have
been tweeting me because you've seen
this this is collective hub it's a
magazine that I am currently on the
front cover of which is cool this is one
of the shots that Alex Cameron took of
me down in Brighton that time we really
liked it
day of being in the office done I
actually really really like having
office space it's I think it makes me
more productive and it's really nice to
share that with people so like today for
example I had all the people I was
meeting for the meeting and it was just
nice I'm a very creative person and I
think it's really nice to be around
other creative people and for everyone's
like creative juices to be flowing those
are like my favourite meetings and that
was essentially what that kind of
meeting was so they're the ones that I
always leave feeling like so motivated
and so excited and so pumped and so like
driven go babes this way I student you
put these on the wall fine
oh you know what guys I've had a pa box
delivery and I wanted to show you some
of
the cool things oh not now you're gonna
want to come in here aren't you
firstly this basket I don't know who
sent this but I flip and love it and I
want to get a cheese plant in this like
stat just anything with pom-poms I
bloody love this I thought looked so
exciting the working woman's handbook by
Phoebe lover another thing that I am
very excited about is a hooter Beauty
winter highlight palette Oh
oh my god these colors look in sane kiss
oh my gosh I mean I love a highlighter
palette anyway are you exploring and
then I also got the brown edition liquid
matte minis you guys know how I feel
about liquid matte lipsticks and then
some lashes they look very nice and a
warm Brown obsessions palette oh this
sounds right up my street look at this
go look how beautiful that looks
mmm all the colors that I love very
pigmented as well we'll take that
straight downstairs and put it straight
in my makeup bag and another thing or
sorry nothing away nothing they came to
my Pierre box which made me beyond
excited is the monopoly Brighton & Hove
edition
can you play Monopoly with two players
because I think I might make alpha pay
this with me tonight that would be cute
wouldn't it hi boyfriend welcome back
we're having a game of Monopoly it'll
probably last for hours because there's
a big two of us Oh two to six players
well Alfie's got a wild night ahead
event Oh
okay so this looked insane you guys know
I love the NYX lip lips this is one of
their like Christmas gifts I guess and
it's the lingerie vault so there are
lots of little mini NYX lingerie lip
sticks the shades are there in there I
mean there's loads 13 piece a 30 piece
set what else this looks so cool
so nails inc which you are probably
familiar with because they do really
great nail polishes etc have released a
makeup line called incredible I mean
look at this like these acrylic drawers
amazing what do we have haven't I
haven't looked in this at all oh my god
okay so far I'm drawn to this which is a
probably a lip gloss and I don't wear
lip glosses but in a dream world
iridescent sheer gloss oh my god I just
can you see that oh it's so pretty what
else we have some okay some amazing lip
glosses Oh in rich with vitamin E nice
boiling around metallic lip paint nice
pushing everyday out of office
enhancement jojoba oil semi matte lip
click oh I love the sound of these I
really like this packaging it's very
like and then we have more foil colors
here as well
glazing over intense color lip glaze
these look really nice and then lip
dripping iridescent lip strobe their
heels a lip strobe or like a lipstick
but like super glittery
oh it's like rusted there's some really
nice colors in here this one in
particular looks very dreamy and then
long but by no means least a jelly shot
lip quencher hydrate Oh watch we go
advanced with avocado oil it's flipping
green that's nice I like that and then
we also have Matt my de liquid lip paint
ah
okay well I'm sold these are definitely
the sort of thing I naturally gravitate
towards these colors in particular this
one is hustle hard girl which is like a
really lovely like a nudey pink and then
this one is you won't bring me down and
it's like I like really brownie nude
okay I'm really excited to go through
these thank you so much nails inc or
incredible I'm very excited to try that
you all right now ah
getting a little bit annoyed nothing for
you that's very selfish sometimes those
things for you but not always okay we've
had this conversation there won't always
be treats in the pa box
not always I mean 90% of the time she's
a very lucky pooch okay and then the
last thing oh my god I don't know if I
can actually lift this and this you
can't see already is a ginormous box of
funky beauty by Rihanna I mean what on
earth did I do to deserve this
look at it it's insane this is
everything she released and I'm talking
everything I think I'm gonna sneeze the
very kind and generous people at Fenty
beauty
have sent me an entire treasure trove of
the entire center beautiful Escher
I have already talked about how much I
love the foundation multiple times oh my
god yeah I should brush my really needed
a wash but I was like too scared to wash
it and not be able to use it this
foundation brush is amazing I'm gonna
bring you down here and think look
there's one of these cool things there
she is
I love it okay now how do I pause it
there we go okay so profile - soft matte
long-wear foundation oh we have the
primer I didn't buy this I'm excited to
give that a try you licking me we've got
the match sticks we have these oh my
goodness I didn't order this one
actually this one looks bangin blotting
powder oh my god
so I don't really use blotting powder
but mark will love this and then down
here
portable highlighter brush I didn't
realize the packaging was like can you
see that it's like glittery I did not
know that
I swear mine wasn't glittery the cheek
hugging highlight brush which I also
recommend precision makeup sponge oh and
then we've got all the Nala and then
we've got all oh you can smell lips you
can smell the lip stuff on the back of
my hand
yes no don't eat that which are the
match sticks there's so many Wow
okay holy moly
obviously guys these are not all my skin
tone so maybe I should do a giveaway if
any of you are watching this and you're
like I would so be that shade or this
this one's my shade please send it to
sent me a little like Instagram DM or
something and I will try and send some
of these out because I'm not going to
use all of these although very kind of
them to send it because is it not well
literally so unreal how many shades this
isn't even all the shades let me pull
this out because these are also the
shades oh oh my goodness there are so
many shades of this foundation and I
actually love this foundation I've used
it pretty much every day since I bought
it
and I'm really happy about this because
I've just done a makeup look where I was
mixing two different colors together and
that's essentially what I've been doing
so at least this gives me the
opportunity to find out the exact number
that I am which is the one I bought I
bought this one which was warm and then
I bought 200 which is cool so just the
complete opposite then warm and cool
amazing honestly that is extremely
generous so thank you very very much
venti beauty I am so excited to try out
some of the bits that I didn't get but
also distribute out plenty foundation to
to anyone who wants it because it is
really really good right I am going to
go downstairs now because I have those
interviews to do so should we go Nala
because I think I might bring because
but you really want to play it yes look
at Nala by the fire oh sorry it's giving
you call the Midwife is on I'm about to
get into this blanket I've got my
joggers on and I'm gonna write up these
interviews oh oh I love it
good morning and happy Friday everybody
I am wearing my trusty I've got like the
drives whatever and I think it's because
it's just got really cold and we've got
the radiators on but I'm wearing my
trusty Clarins instant light lit camphor
oil which I mean I was obsessed with
this like most of last year and I
haven't really worn it much this year
but I love it
it's actually still really early and
I've decided this morning that we're all
gonna go to the garden center together
how he got back last night at like
midnight I did that thing where I fell
asleep and then I woke up to him like
next to me it proper like shook me I was
like oh my god you're right this morning
oh my god it was the cutest thing I'll
see if she'll do it again but I was on
my Twitter timeline and I followed Doug
the Pug and there was a photo of him I'm
not instantly just pressed her face up
against the screen he wasn't even a
video which is the photo and then on the
Doug the Pug Twitter and Instagram I
think they've done a stranger pugs -
they did one for stranger things and now
obviously stranger things - is out
they've done a second one and it's like
the best thing I've ever seen and Nala
was just watching it this morning and I
honestly think she enjoyed it as much as
we enjoyed the human version
she is mesmerised guys the John Lewis
Christmas advert is out I feel like a
monster under the bed isn't gonna be sad
though and I quite like the ones that
really tug on your heart strings and
make me cry because I'm an emotional
wreck and I like things like that and I
feel like this isn't gonna be that and I
and last year's wasn't that for me
either so I'm gonna wait for our fee to
get out the shower and stop listening to
the same song eighty million times and
then I think we should watch it together
oh we do that's cool yeah are you ready
to watch this I don't think it's gonna
be a tug on your heartstrings
what's the monster yeah he wanted name
was it's cute isn't it yeah right let's
go oh look at the little boy I know I go
I think it's a little boy for having
dollar in the bedroom
he's spending all his nights came with
the monster so he's tired in the day do
you get it is it that he's maybe that
the monsters come back home once he
could see what the stars see where he
was I mean like he was scared of the
dark and there was a monster under the
bed in the dark and then when he had a
night like the monster wasn't there then
he wasn't really scared of him because I
wasn't scared he wanted to play with the
monster surged from tonight on it's a
really cute but I was right it's not
like a tug on your heartstrings
I wonder why they're not doing those
adverts anymore I wonder whether they're
gonna sell Moses I think they are once
you buy will be small well yeah I don't
know but that's why the inheritance most
my eyes think I prefer the John Lewis
adverts that really like tug at your
heartstrings personally I always have
preferred those last year I liked the
advert but it wasn't like emotional and
I feel that yeah and I do feel that the
emotional ones is where people really
like connect with them and they like
re-watch them and they talk about them
with everyone like oh my god did you see
that advert I was in tears like I feel
that people are more connected which was
your favorite one my favorite one okay
so I loved the bear and the rubber yeah
love that can we watch the Aldi one
quickly because apparently this one's
really great and I've not seen this one
Oh an answer to your which is my
favorite one my ultimate ultimate
favorite John Lewis Christmas advert was
2011 where the little boy looked like he
was really excited to get presents on
Christmas Day actually he really wanted
to give them oh my gosh I realize no the
penguin one was amazing it oh my god and
the penguin one Monty the penguin yeah
that one was insane
I love these howdy carrot ones the
calcareous yo she's hot so our parents
and 8tracks
I like that I like that I like that no
that's in this one this is turning into
like reacting to every Christmas jar of
marmalade Thank You Center to see what
year this man was trying to steal the
presents now he's making the himself and
back Merry Christmas mr. Claus Christmas
so what is your oh my gosh the man on
the moon that one was so good 28 million
abused oh my gosh let's watch this this
song as well this is Nicki me as a kid
Oh
my eyes can we stop watching these now
this is the one oh my god honestly I
can't watch they're all his little face
he's wrapped it so right can we go now
and stop watching these
this one was good too this one's quite
emotion it's just watery I know so he
putting on his harness on a cute little
coat on got her lead out got ready to go
to the garden center then Alfie was like
well now I've got a conference cause oh
oh oh no so then i'll feels like I can't
go oh well I can go and then he was like
no you've got a call and he could see my
diary on his phone he was like you've
got a call as well I was like oh damn it
so our morning plans are a little
scuppered but I've got my call-out he's
got his call and then and then I think
we won't be able to the garden center
after that but there's other things I
can be getting on with anyway so we just
really wanted to get home how oh well we
can manage to get out the house a little
bit she's being really naughty though so
good job this was just a quick walk you
Carol okay I feel like all my vlogs are
just missed out here this bloody ostrich
in the background I've been in an
impromptu meeting over in Alfie's office
for a while oh my god how how do I look
like this like I've been trying through
a hedge backwards it's a pineapple on my
head and now I'm making my way through a
box of Cadbury's heroes waiting for
Alfie to finish up it's like nearly half
alsoso half 8 half 6 I've just edited
another vlog and Niomi is coming over
this evening which I'm really excited
about because I only briefly got to see
her at Tanya's book launch so it'll be
really nice to catch up with her I don't
know what we're gonna do I think we're
just gonna chill watch watch a film
maybe play a game I still want to play
that Brian hope monopoly I'm not gonna
lie and three people is better than two
so I think we should play it we'll see
we'll see what they want to do
after don't know what we're doing for
dinner and we were just having a
conversation about what would we all be
doing right now if me and Alfie had
never met so weird or just like like I
wouldn't know you nice we did it
we've been married yeah like it's so
weird
I just find it really weird even
thinking about like if you didn't do the
one tiniest thing if I didn't like
Alfie's video you would search something
that popped up like with Marcus's hey
now what did you search to find my video
I have no idea before you liked it I I
think I am more fans know we will find
the same network yeah and I think I must
have been like why who's like who else
is on this network or there must have
been an email or something you were
included in and I think originally I
found Marcus's videos and then I found
yours through Marcus because I'm Monday
all in the same day so I must have found
like a collab that you did through
through a video of Marcus's probably and
then I was watching all your like do you
remember our Facebook first videos which
were like 10 things i hate about people
in relationships and like like you have
got videos like Elsie's kind of shining
moments on youtube is definitely the
chicken nugget yeah yeah I love those
old videos and then I think I just liked
one I don't remember which one I like it
was like something deep like because
basically there's do more of what makes
you happy good enough but no point 11.0
everyone no but there was basically we
went to the same party but that was
awful I was never
yeah with our network reason you went to
the parties because you watched my video
no way ever I promise you this is from
the DMS my video I was it was like
really deep and also about my in life
you got to do things you want to do and
stuff you liked it and then I remember
when we met or when we first time oh my
god you're so right yes because I wasn't
going going you make me want to just do
it because for me you are so right I've
just remembered that because I remember
messaging you I've just had like a
flashback where I was messaging you
before leaving to go but then we didn't
actually speak to each other at the
party it was a bit weird yes we did you
must mean commenting on the video
something we interested oh I must have
commented on the video then we didn't
message that's crazy
yeah did you know who I was at that
party or not no idea you didn't think
who is that 50 over there
do you own your black your black
trousers are in that disco
oh my god how weird would it be like
yeah Louise was that Tommy was that yeah
yeah yeah Louie Marco yeah yeah Louie
was that yeah I really want to find that
video now where one I have a video of
that party yeah I've logged it shall we
watch it yeah guys this was the video
that I liked of alfea's that we were
just talking about look there's the
little cheeky thumbs up I mean it's not
the best screenshot what do you mean you
gave that thumbs up the liberal
cognitive things yeah because then
everyone could see that I'd liked it and
that's how you discovered me and then
he's like hit me up on skype here's my
skype name which no I mean it wasn't far
amid not five hours
yeah you need to stop saying that as
part of a story they'd get in I know I
did I asked Ike with my boobs out like
oh hello
yeah off everything you hear but how he
was very forward
I was not forward you just setting your
own vlog that you weren't forward and
that is not like you at all I'll be like
I always go why one know it's funny it's
Keith I was a long time ago so I was
editing this vlog that you have just
watched and I thought I would put this
little bit in at the end because there
has been some upset disappointed people
in the lifestyle advent calendar more
specifically the price of the calendar
and I didn't want to not address it
because I want you guys to know I do
care about how you feel about things and
the last thing I want to do is anger
upset or disappoint anyone because that
is not my intention in the slightest so
I thought it would be weird for me to
kind of end this vlog like this whilst
there's people that are upset with the
calendar price the calendar is something
I've worked on for a year I love the
product I am all about the creativity
I'm all about getting it from a design
to a product where my input ends is
there once that product is done and I'm
happy with it the retailer can decide
how much they sell that for that's
completely out of my decision-making I
don't have the right to make those
decisions so it makes me so sad the
product that I loved and worked hard on
and the loads of you liked the product
it is just having that product at the
price that was out of my decision have
left so many people so upset and I feel
just as let down by this also and the
price of any product is up to a retailer
and I know that there's some of you that
might not have known that
I wanted to come in here and like
explain that to you because even my mom
didn't realize that I don't want people
to think that I'm like sat at home like
counting 50 pounds every time someone
buys his calendar thinking that that was
a conscious decision that I made to rip
people off because if you know me you
know that that there is not a bone in my
body that would think that way and it
makes me so sad that anyone would think
that that was my intention because that
is a hundred percent not my intention my
intention was to make a product that I
thought you guys would love which I
still think is a product that I think
you would love it's just been completely
ruined by a decision that I didn't make
and it's so frustrating
my input in this is creative it's coming
up with new ideas it's new like cool
packaging concepts it's new sense it's
new things we can do and it's like
testing formulations and it's all those
things that's where I get involved in
this and I'm very heavily involved in
that and I love it like I'm currently on
my desk in front of me I have two three
four five six seven about eight products
that I am currently testing and making
sure are right for you guys and I don't
get to talk about these things that much
because I don't know I don't know how
much you'd be interested in the process
of these things but also if some of
these don't go ahead then I don't want
to like talk about them in case they
don't happen and these things take years
to get right and that's that's all I can
do and pass that point it go it's handed
over it's like a baby that's handed over
to somebody else and then they get to
choose what they do with that and I
think after seeing some people's
feedback on this it's quite obvious that
the decision that was made by the
retailer was the wrong decision and I'm
sure that they will take that
information and they will take this on
board I really hope that this has made
sense to you there's it's a really
difficult process to explain like
there's not just like me and then like
three people that like do these there
are teams and teams of people teams that
are not my team's the licensing and the
retailer and the production there's a
lot of people you know I don't I don't
sit at home like packing it all myself
and sending it out to you and the money
comes straight into my PayPal that's not
what happens that's not how it works
it's really complex and there's a lot of
people and there's a lot of decisions
and not all those decisions are mine to
make and the price is one of them so I'm
really sorry that so many of you felt so
let down by this product I really hope
that this kind of clears that up for you
because there's a lot of people that
think I chose that price and that I
don't care and that I'm doing it for the
money and that makes me so sad because
that's not who I am that is not why I do
this and if you know me you know that so
there's no point me rattling on about
that I'm not going to justify myself as
a person because you either know me or
you don't and this is just a rubbish
situation that hopefully a lot of people
can learn from that's that I hope that's
keep it up for you thank you so much to
all of you who support the brands and
have voiced your concern in a more
common manner I have really really
appreciated it so yeah that's it for now
but thank you for listening and I will
see you again very soon
