good morning from can I uh I don't
actually think I've explained why I'm
here basically Google have invited me
here I have a few meetings
Alfie's got something tomorrow that he's
doing I think it's like a panel or
something and it's really nice here oh
wow there's beach didn't see that at
nighttime look I feel like I'm on
holiday it's so pretty it's not that
sweet was left that last night probably
we actually got stuff in here yeah oh
wait this is the one we didn't we got
stuck in here and done that surprise the
doors open so we could get out immensely
strong yeah luckily he's got some big
old guns on him otherwise you would have
been here all night it wasn't this no it
was the one next to it I can feel this
one moving all my voice sounds weird in
here does yours
well it really map yes just about
nice oh this is cool Alfie so good job
you bought some swimming shorts
lunch has arrived and I'm not really too
sure how you're gonna eat all this
oh yeah Alfie hasn't made us good lovely
hey do I it's just your the chips as
well yeah they were like you bought a
chance to he got on my man easy let's
give him a little bit under me
this looks delicious Alfie we're in the
lift that broke fine
I got a really scared of this lift
please open yet it what's our door again
our room number three boo boo three is
so nice and sunny hair is an end
amazing why have we not come here before
the one time we come here it's the
business stuff and I have to say no
ruminative all day today did you get to
go out today I don't do one mister I'm
just editing my video for today just
like this is love you lovely Oh
someone's at the door
after you grab that please oh no in bed
you're sitting up okay I'll just get it
and I heard someone having an argument
in French and it sounded so great I'll
give it some French some way better than
arguments inning sure motion come on
Mimi depart I laid the bath ball if
there's someone outside having an
argument in French and it sounds really
good
okay yeah but it also just sounds so
much more passionate in front just like
O'Donnell that was really bad sorry
that's not that's not what it sounded I
hope you just
when to take picture of the beautiful
view over the by the hotel whilst
waiting for taxi and I will straight
into some lavender plants press myself
against them I could hear this buzzing
sound and I look down and his bees all
around me Marcus would be very proud of
the fact that I stayed very calm he
doesn't like bees I can imagine that
would actually be his worst nightmare
he's got a beat baby
oh yeah massively massively he got out
of his car along Lee in the lion
enclosure because there was a wasp in
his car
so we would rather burn in by a lion
than being stung by one by B or whatever
earth and we're now off to the beach to
meet Google
oh look how pretty that's Australian
picture of
anyway there's palm trees you instantly
forgot your holiday don't you guys they
have a double-decker fun ground what are
these things called carousel that's it
look at it
so much
how did me it's screaming out to go on
nothing wowie
not sure you can really call those trees
they're more like really long high twigs
with a tiny little bit of Bush on the
end I feel like they never really got a
chance at life being a tree this man
carve spaces from photographs into wood
interesting I see
our meeting
not very nice house
which you can't see because there's lots
of trees
but the taxi does have screens
then
oh my goodness guys Amazon hot new
releases top 100 look what's number two
in the pre-order charts or hot new
releases whoo yeah and it's the
hardcover that's the one I'm most
excited to get what about you Dom the
paperback do you like a paperback by the
way this is what me and Dom have been
left in left in charge off she's had a
very successful meeting where there were
lots of very successful businessman
around
I was just sat here like did you notice
actually at one point I went to sit down
at this and my thighs slam together and
made that like noise and I was like
everyone's gonna think I farted but
actually it was just my my face slapping
together
I didn't this well that was awkward
meetings with Zoe okay good
I've never actually been able to make
that voice before so just happened then
and there is an important meeting but
this view I cannot get over look how
amazing this place is
I just want to jump in the pool so nice
we could be doing anything here right
now we could be running up and down in
the bedrooms do you think we gets what
is right shut the doors let nobody else
in it's awesome yeah and then we can
invite all you guys here we can have
like the biggest YouTube party ever
it is really nice day I feel like we
should be stood outside making the most
of the Sun let's go outside Dom tell me
a meeting now with them with himself
with this beautiful view I want how can
you smell the flowers as well oh my god
wait the garden goes all the way down
to know what bit I liked round here did
you see the little pond with the fish it
you didn't
ah so there's these and there's fish in
there I think I'm sure I saw a fish look
over there look tiny little ones that
are caught
there's like fish wow this place goes on
and on
it truly goes on and on but I did see a
really cute fish oh no a grasshopper
just jumped in the water I'm pretty sure
that's not what you're supposed to do
mate there's some fish where's domme
gone oh gosh I must keep my eye on him
you guys can't really see the scale of
how amazing this is I'm gonna pound
really slowly so that you can tell the
meetings over we just slap here in this
big old mansion villa all alone so I
realized I never really realized what
Kem was like listen temporary and Lyon
the appetizing hi guys Oh see me bye
guys bye not quite sure what happened
there I think Alfie was in a rush and I
said you've not been to my vlog yet
since I got back so he quickly filmed
himself then run away little bit but I'm
now trying to upload my vlog from
yesterday and Internet here is so slow
this has been uploading all day and I
still have 122 minutes remaining DOM and
Alfie have gone out to dinner with some
people I don't know who a god of
lemmings and I decided to stay here
because I've just got so much to do I
just got really overwhelmed all of a
sudden like my list is too long and then
I realized I'm busy on Friday I'm busy
on Monday and then I'm flying to LA on
Tuesday which I just didn't quite
comprehend that was Tuesday so I'm now
trying to like update everything read
update reply to all the emails I need to
reply to get all that stuff done and
then I think um I guess oh my goodness
look how good this burger looks with the
fries I also call it chocolate puddin
hmm yummy yummy
Hey
