good morning so it's actually the
afternoon and I've been doing emails and
what else have I been doing dad
I don't know washing oh yeah washing
washing dishwashing and it's now the
afternoon at lunchtime yeah just about
we've got some toasted Peter and what
have you cooked there dad I've come to
this it's raspberries daffodils and
small little fish all with the same
Christian name what what all right open
it let me see what's in it
camembert come on bear
come on bear I actually only have this
for the first time the other day with
Louise and Matt when we went out for
dinner I thought it tasted quite nice as
I sort of quiet taste isn't it
do you like it yeah oh that looks good
mmm Dibby Dibby Dibby Dibby Dibby Dibby
Sam did it it's like um dippy egg Oh
I'm not sure it looks appetizing you
know cool good
it's good in a cheesy come and very
tight way okay um Alfie is in bed he's
not very well I look like this he's got
like ulcers whatever slip he's got hay
fever he's got my illness he's basically
got everything all rolled into one
my dad seems to have just invented
strawberry jam with camembert is this a
thing I don't know but it is now
according to you daddy sug I have just
got all your questions and from Twitter
we use the hashtag so are that anxiety
because I want to do a video tomorrow
all about anxiety and panic attacks if
it asks a lot of questions so I just
thought I would ask them all in one
video
um excuse my hair and face sorry I
haven't done anything with it today
because I have been trying to organize
my life but there's Alfie's little feet
Paulie I'm going to make some salted
caramel green tea now I don't really
drink tea I don't know if any of you
know that about me but I don't really
like it but when I was doing the shop I
found these and you know how much I love
salted caramel so I'm gonna try them I
don't know what they're gonna taste like
but I also don't know get in oh my god
okay all right too hard you do it when
you make a company you have to like get
a good shot otherwise there's not work I
wish it t went as good uh-oh that's not
gonna taste good backwards oh did it go
backwards over my head then what
I kind of got it well sorry and now you
have to throw mighty better of yours oh
no I don't like when you do that gonna
go everywhere Alfie's just gone for a
plain boring yours is a weird teabag
gets like frisky you know oh no that's
not good idea Ralphie no yeah that one's
too hard are you supposed to take out on
the Sascha no matter every stop me
you're so annoying
how you could open that no no how you
open it oh here here's looking for him
in oh goodness sake what are you doing
oh that was close what happens if it
goes in your tea you know double oh this
is a teabag Olympics by the way guys
nice I've also floor no quick
three-second rule oh my goodness just
throw it in just thank you anyway let's
see what this tastes like now that it's
on the floor mmm would you put sugar in
this I doubt it if it's salted caramel
do you just leave the tea bag in there I
don't I don't want my first one
depends how you like your tea let's have
a look what does it say we suggest
brewing this tea for max of two minutes
any longer and you'll lose the delicate
taste allow one bag per person and add
freshly boiled water always best without
milk okay
let's see what this tastes like is
either gonna taste really nice or really
disgusting
I'm virgin he's inside my cupboards
what do you reckon not nice but
drinkable I feel like it might be quite
good for oh my god it smells amazing
it's gonna be good for my cold isn't it
or my illness or you smell it smell it
yeah it smells really good doesn't it
yeah sweet hot
it's quite nice though hello it's
actually the next day I realized I
pretty much filmed nothing yesterday
nothing was interesting really I was
doing boring things where I had like the
biggest list you've ever seen in your
life written in my notebook of things I
had to do which I just didn't think that
you'd want to see and I knew that would
be one of those days where I'm just like
fail so I'm really sorry that yesterday
or today this vlog that you just watched
and was a bit of a fail but I was doing
a lot of constructive things it was just
nothing very interesting to watch
because I was mostly on my laptop like
this so yeah and what I was going to say
was that I have uploaded a video on my
main channel today which is an anxiety
and panic attacks QA so I went onto
Twitter yesterday and I actually asked
you guys what questions you'd really
like me to answer because I still get
asked a lot of questions about it plus I
feel like if I can help some of you by
answering them then I'm obviously going
to so I really wanted to do that yeah
that video should be up now as you're
watching this so I'll leave a link to
that below and hopefully you'll enjoy
watching that as this was a major fail
long that's it and sorry this bug was
rubbish please forgive me it's really
hard daily vlogging like I don't know
how people do it
I really don't yeah my life's not really
that interesting all the time sorry and
I'll see you guys tomorrow I wanted to
go may the odds be ever in your favor
good bye in honor of Joey do I miss
dearly Joey if you're watching this I
miss you so much I can't wait to see you
at VidCon I'm basically telling this
into a video diary for other people to
watch um anyway I'm gonna go now and go
over and check out that video that I
filmed and I'll see you tomorrow
Hey
oh don't fight Oh
