morning Alfie good morning sorry that's
not in you know when you're in assembly
or in classes good morning missus my
teacher was called mrs. Hollingsworth
that is a posh name she was really nice
um you're a bit poorly aren't you yeah
Zoe's given me everyone in the converse
was like how long is it going to be in
to a few get sale this long Emile now
I'm spreading the plague and my dad I
know yeah so dad's probably gonna get it
too aren't you yeah excited about that
show me with your hands how excited you
are
who remembers
Hubba Bubba I used to have this when I
was like I don't know 10 this is my
favorite flavor
atomic Apple mm-hmm I was doing a little
bit up menu in Italy what did you hit
the camera making myself a little lunch
I've made a little sandwich with some
cheese and some tomato which is just
heating through I should have used one
of the paninis I bought some little book
so what's a panini should use when an
MSHA night marks a name you can pop over
a bit and we're gonna chill oh I've just
realized you've probably seen my pants
behind me on the washing line awesome my
dad's phone ringing I just want to show
you guys the dress I'm wearing today
because I really like it I don't know if
we're going to be able to see it it's
like this I've got a strapless bra and
it comes in tight around the waist and
then it goes all down and listen splits
here so you can do the splits some
strange little panels I really like it
this is another Miss Selfridge number as
you know I've been loving mr. Fisch
guinea pigs are so good at waking up all
Pippins hair is going crazy again hello
baby your hair is looking fine you're
getting another little friend John yeah
is a little toupee bottom hello Percy
hello
Cornish Pippin what you doing if you had
a nice day I plucked some dandelions for
them yesterday and they went crazy for
them so I might go out on live a little
walk maybe see if Edgar wants to come
out again and find you some more
dandelions the mouths are my favorite
thing in the world I kind of want to
leave this here and see what you guys do
no eating to come home I sleep it
but I am on strike - Tyler my what my
one true love
oh babe I miss seeing your friends Tyler
is still strong
I still get people asking that you know
just for a long my dad said he's still
wondering if we're still together well I
mean I'm still wondering this is why I
got you on this call right mom
I'm in the spot are we still together
the answer is yes just nobody tell our
face puttan
I can't wait to be reunited at VidCon I
know that's only in like two weeks my
love yeah I can't I can't do the other
side your other hand your other hand yes
yes perfect yeah yummy which one did you
get and Marcus look at him go into my
fridge for what yeah yeah top top one I
think it's some sparkling water nephew
yellow cross good for the old garage
right next to you in the door yeah me oh
my god this looks so good I only looks
reading it as well each making a film
and Marcus you two
Wow is good foster that doesn't make
good hmm dad what have you got there a
pizza what's on it
cheese yes and some other stuff do you
know what it is
no is it nice lovely thank you so what
matter boys a chillin watching the
football we're not interested Marcus
wants them to bite him like man they
don't like me look that didn't you buddy
try they kind of like that they like
lick bite that is that him biting me -
yeah he's not look see come on try those
I feel nice business visit does it
forever bleed tickles
ridiculous this one I just know he's
gonna work do you feel they might lick
your hand at the same time with his
little tongue these people are crazy on
me you have to like push it in it's fine
getting ready getting ready good seats
with me
gonna fight me hon you're gonna bite you
hard
just it's like a challenge with you who
don't know you don't know dear but I
know your finger he's like bored now
anyways like this isn't food is that why
he does exceedance it's Triwizard try
with Pippin cuz he doesn't oh he's
licking picking lick lick lick lovely
boys do you know this one or any of you
watching the Lord cop
I thought you were doing that as a voice
for my guinea pigs no oh he's like
you've got hair like me please
where's it gone where's it going where's
it gone Percy
Oh Oh first of all where is it Oh
Oh that ring got it okay he can
oops let's train them to do backflip
roll over roll over say roll over
you'll have a none of it are you up
oh we can see the toys oh don't fight oh
that's naughty
he's like sniffing for buried treasure
like determined there's something
amazing down ya know myself and Naomi
we're going to come in a little walk
it's really nice evening out tonight and
I said to Felix or take these take Edgar
again and he was like yeah sure you're
an excitable little pup don't eat that
ha ha ha no come on Eggar the boys
little babies like please don't take
away the lollipop stick me and now
you're just walking on the street and I
don't know if you guys are going to be
able to see this but the moon looks so
weird or you can see it it looks like
Saturn or something look I've never seen
a pink moon that is really weird
anyway I find that really weird let's go
Edgar hey hey guys so me and Zoe been
texting each other she's currently
upstairs up there above me like three
floors up in her flat I've just come
from one just jumped in a taxi well I'm
out of breath and we've been texting
each other and agreed that would be
funny to try and scare marks know me so
she's left her front door open so that I
can enter like completely quietly and
they won't hear the key or anything and
I'm gonna try and scare them let's do
this good bye guys bye Alfie bye Oh
Alfie say by the way he um turned up and
scared everybody no they would have
already seen it by now
I feel me yeah oh yeah thanks Evan is a
little bit dark
they worked did actually make you jump
oh my god I was so scared I didn't even
look at you so I didn't knows you were
just saw something you scream marks went
straight to the toilet after this but
won't say why definitely were you jump
too you to the beat you don't
like this tone
I thought that was him then oh my god
he's going for
