welcome to vlogmas day 4 and here is our
breakfast I've gone for pancakes
Alfie's gone for porridge we've got some
berries some maple syrups and raisins
and a hot chocolate and some apple juice
delicious this isn't just any pancake
this is a hotel pancake listed in the
hotel we're actually going to meet up
with Steve you may have seen Steve in
some of Louie's vlogs um I've never
actually met him before Eve met him
before haven't you Alfie yeah Steve's
really cool Steve's really cool so we're
gonna meet up with Steve and go for
lunch and maybe do some fun Christmas
things before we go back I'm thinkin
some nice lunch and Christmassy shopping
maybe I think we're on Harrods Harrods
is the place to go at Christmas I feel
like also do you know that they you know
that film I really like called the
greatest store in the world yes yes also
I found that in Harrods I can act out
the greatest store of the world in
Harrods I know it word by word I'm not
joking do you know cool you are really
good me and Alfie are so tired like
we've just been sat here waiting for
Steve and we're like this Alfie's not
I'm not like that all night listen every
time our free shirt suzy falls asleep
and then I'm like Alfie wake up I fell
asleep in the Turks you bet for Bobbito
twice for like 10 minutes at a time the
reason we're tired is because last night
where we're staying
um it's right near it's right near quite
a lot of central London clubs isn't it
yeah and we're staying opposite the
lifts so there's like a landing bit like
a big wide-open space before it goes off
into corridors and we're literally
opposite the left so it gets to like
3:30
I wake up immediately because there's
these two girls outside our room having
the biggest slanging match I have ever
heard at one point I thought they were
hitting each other
turns out they're throwing apples at
each other I listened to it for what 20
minutes and a few woke up and I was like
listen to this if he goes and looks
outside no I got up to look through the
little people that's why Meola Alfie no
you thought I was gonna go out and get
Jesus in my boxers I'm not gonna walk
out I never complain about anything do I
I'm really shy about complaining if
something's cold I'll just eat it if
something's not what it should be
I'll just leave it but last night I did
have to ring reception and say excuse me
there's some people having an argument
outside our room just thought I'd let
you know it sounds like they're inside
inside my brain um and Alfie was like
can't believe you phoned up I can't
believe it I don't know if they made up
I hope so if you're those two girls I
really hope you made up these are the
apples that were thrown about last night
no I've got some cat ears on to keep my
headphone where we going Alfie we are
going to Covent Garden more as we can
posh just in an uber on a way to come
garden we're gonna meet Steve and go for
lunch
we're firing stone and let me see hello
he has a youtube which I'm subscribed to
oh yeah I like your video as a marketer
so I'll leave the links in the
description box go and check them out
and say hello
also in this one and just picking mine
just picking my garden at the moment I'm
we've just got late fall I love firing
stone I particularly love this garlic
dick mmm it's good in a taxi after Herod
journey Willie we're here where it
spaghetti house
sleep on it let's say yeah
in the girls section I'm looking for mr.
Darcy and look at this is overcast crap
holy crap and this one with a pink one
I would have absolutely loved but I do
have one quite like this maybe one I
remember it being so huge who remembers
the Sylvanian families I used to have
these loud little look how many things
there are actually to have this one near
my brother's play
Reb session available this house look at
the trainable section it is amazing
here's a little giant player bill
there's girls playing bill babies
playing bill on the other side and what
a plane this is only 4499 I think I'll
put this in my bedroom at the end of my
bed
me and Steve also really like this
because it's a fawn and we think it's
gorgeous look at it lovely how much
would you say that was well you're wrong
is 87 95 can anybody let me know in the
comments what animal this is thank you
Oh whew please guys getting these
eyelashes done by Steve it was very nice
to meet you I made a sneaky macaroon
purchase YUM as you can see salted
caramel is my favorite and also the
strawberry
I think it's strawberry marshmallow just
a show which is alfea's I'll be pick
these two and then these are chocolate
marshmallow cope with coconuts I want to
try those they look so good also got
these bad boys
Alfie what's happened left my phone car
so we were just in the uber min ago and
we're rushing out to get the strangers
on like nine minutes to get it and I
kind of got out and I was logging myself
getting out was too busy man rushing out
and then I realized as the train started
moving my phone car so
yeah that's one issue next issue I need
to tell you in the blog and my charger
no Fred
drive me my shoes we have a live show
yeah by large aired in around 15 minutes
and now I'm not in the best mood after
losing my phone yeah
but we do have pretzels yeah yeah and
macaroons
and our health just got back and I've
got all these packages on my bed yeah I
think that a lot of them are probably
Christmas presents so I'm going to go
through them and see what they are it's
time to open day number four I'm also
watching elf which is so Christmasy and
amazing um Alfie's doing a live show
okay let's see what we got
AHA Q is a little hairbrush what is the
point of life and a perfume bottle
because you set up like a whole scene in
the end I'm real yeah I also love this
when I was younger pirates and stuff
yeah
Jimin we had the doctor the ambulance
yes do you remember that yeah I thought
you were logging I could sit in my
cereal box so I got this cereal guys
it's a new one
it didn't feel serious ot forgot I've
still got these ones to open as well
he's my even one yeah I seem to have
acquired five advent calendars because
I've now got two chocolate ones one that
I bought myself and one that I'm Nana
granddad bought you know as like
tradition they always buy me and Joann
advent calendar don't say I'm yet to
open a door and having kind of properly
so far on mine there was ruins all rich
well then you want you don't have skill
in that apartment
hmm resuming its potent eye cream oh
nice get out watch your eyes light up
light up our sister eh oh I've not
opened the thirty yeah that's the third
of his open all right
smells joy smells like Christmas
gingerbread oh my god that smells
amazing nothing Joe waldron Oh lips love
have a loop beautiful I love colors like
this so he's falling asleep and I'm not
quite sure what she ended her vlog or
not so I'm just gonna end it now but
just in case she hasn't so thanks for
watching her baby if you did enjoy them
please click the thumbs up like an
envelope let's see how many we can get
her she's asleep tucked up in here next
to me so she's all sleepy and a sheet
yeah thanks for watching guys make sure
you subscribe to this channel
hmmm Channel and chooses what women are
blog they have open
