welcome to vlogmas day free that was
creepy
today I am going to London I'm Alfie's
already gone to London I actually woke
up at 5:45 this morning and took alpha
to the train station at 6:30 which was
very very early and you can watch his
vlog to find out why he's doing that I'm
so hot of breath I'm really unfit okay
but before I go I thought I could open
my advent calendar that is number three
what is number three oh also bigan so
I'm off to London on the train takes
about an hour and 30 minutes to get
there and then often a cab to gleam then
in a cab to meet fern and then me and
Alfie are staying in London tonight and
doing something fun tomorrow I should
imagine Oh
whoa so I changed my jacket because I
felt like my other one was too top heavy
and bulky and I'm currently being driven
to the station by my dad whoa whoa say
happy vlogmas everyone why why wouldn't
you wish them a happy vlogmas
just say happy Bookmans happy topless
yeah
there we go some festive cheer from my
dad on this dreary day I'm sat in my
dad's van which is really cool and up
high and I got a screwdriver at my arse
hey dangerous actually
I have arrived at the studio look how
cool it is imagine if my setup was like
this at home and you all thought that I
had a bedroom actually I had these
massive lights and my bedroom wasn't
even real I promise you my bedroom is
real
but it would be cool to have this is
sorry Ruth getting in your way
Bruce do you have a a youtube channel
well if it is Ruby and Ruth
oh thanks everyone go and check out
Hainan oh is that your name Ruth this
one of the Ruby on bit come from okay I
couldn't get any Dame's without like
letters or numbers or and I learned that
the hard way
did you go Ella to eight oh three nine
OH so I'm currently in the little set
that they've made have this amazing talk
about university education
and this would you believe it actually
firms home where I absolutely love it
I'm now upset blue and bright pink I
never got this cousin make them together
but they've really grown
yeah I'm really excited and since just
having her makeup
I just feel since two houses
and it's just really nice to children
they're really cool I wish I had lights
like there where do you can get some
feather from I don't think Amazon ships
those
you
so we've just finished filming I'm here
with hi hello everyone she's so lovely
oh thanks so nice to work with you today
um and as it's not messages on ASCII
what is your favorite thing about
Christmas everything I love everything
about Christmas Christmas music
Christmas food decorating the house
where he does nice jumpers I'm gonna do
it tonight I can't wait I love
everything about Christmas my favorite
favorite time of me too I'm milking it
and really milking I'm listening to
Christmas songs right your Christmas
jumper yeah loads love them thank you
for being in my vlog and it's yeah and I
think whenever it's just not feeling
stood up when in traffic I am back no
I'm not back because I wasn't here
earlier I am now in a hotel with this
one watch this
oh no hotel a little X oh it's not gonna
be that good right the bed or your spine
and Alfie's been filming today how did
your filming go it went good good and
mine was really good I don't think you
can see me maybe I'll sit here is this
down lighting this is gonna be so
unflattering I filmed his daily mix
today which was really nice I filmed
with fern who is the loveliest lady ever
a lot of love for fern and but the only
thing is sadly for you guys you have to
wait until next year to see it which
sounds like a long way away but actually
it's not really that long think it's
coming out around February but we had
loads of fun and it was just it was nice
it was really a nice had had a good day
this I'm gonna go lie down there we go
oh wow that's really bright and I bet
right I mean horrible yeah now you know
get really cheesy actually look good for
once you should get somebody's whole
dish in front of you the whole time
do you want to do it I'm gonna go lie on
that bed and edit the rest of
yesterday's vlog oh my goodness got
really blinded me oh oh the spins no no
it's just called breaking it so II okay
you're just spinning the whole thing
look oh okay
does not swim also a wearing this coat
today and I saw Tanya put an Instagram
more on picture I can't remember what
she put up and she's wearing the same
coat today so I'll flog mistake three is
going to look the same so that's good
are you actually do you think Tanya's
looks better on further and we have like
a double tower look at there's two
showerheads and a drain drain can you
believe it Alfie they've got a drain in
there that's why you usually I bring up
a shower who you be me mash this is a
vanilla creme brulee with raspberry
sorbet which looks delicious
this is Alfie soup which looks far too
healthy for me look good or not it just
looks very healthy um oh that's my pizza
and we've got some bread and butter and
a little flour yeah yeah come on come on
over anything
just wanted to show you this before I
absolutely demolished it I'm guessing
the thing in the middle ISM is a biscuit
Alfie do you think yeah this is and
raspberry sorbet and that's the vanilla
creme brulee and what are these things
Dirty's like tomatoes so suede is OE to
try this thing my comment what they're
called I really like them
no just biting is it like a fruit or
vegetable it's a fruit it's just like
if you're driving them tonight remember
Tigers can't you just put off you cheat
oh there's no seed in it they're not
some of them do I think I just love your
teeth she's like it do you know what
that's a mixture between uncommon bort
they call guys comment down below what
they're called it tastes like a mixture
between an orange yeah and a berry much
loot then alright wait for them this
tastes so good brain freeze
it's much later on I'm full of creme
brulee PS creme brulee is my favorite
pudding I thought I was talking to me
he's on the phone I'm gonna end the vlog
here guys see you tomorrow
you got it wave goodbye bye guys
