day two of Lachman
Oh
Nisha now it's from a blog mousqueton
Brogan you you don't even know I am oh
that hurts so much but you do I just
stubbed my toes and I'll feel stupid
bear that's stupid
who has a mattress that sinks into the
woods look at bang bang bang on a
brighter note in fact even worse note
excusal the mess so sorry is asleep I am
put the heat on pyre down there do we
just keep her warm because she's not
feeling very well and even had some so
try not to wake her up giving us near
him so it goes look what she looks like
an iceberg all flannel on her head
because she's got a headache
ha ha ha ha ha
put it back on your head put it back in
your head you're gonna get my sheets wet
as well
no matter your headache go away
but look at her
what just happened nothing what just
happened nothing
Elfi maybe I just smashed the bottom of
my spine on the edge of my freaking bed
what did I say Kerstin never get into
bed it never ever used to hurt me until
your hair
Alfre can we please explain why you're
jingling they have a reindeer on me I
had a really bad headache
/my grain so I had a little sleep but
now it's kind of gone it's kind of just
more like a kind of subdued headache so
I'm downstairs and we're currently by
the fire with the twinkly lights making
a Christmas backdrop for Alfie so you
bought these really cute paper chains
this one is me not Christmas Eve just
look at Gigi look yeah and I'm not sure
if this one is me or my sister so I buy
this poppy fishy but oh I reckon that's
you I reckon is cute you're going to
break them you look so cool Alfie about
it right investing yeah he looks so cool
just wear it out and around like that
Roger awesome anyway I'm gonna get
making this I've got my gingerbread
jumper on festive day that really have a
brain
I'm looking through lots of old photos I
particularly like this one of poppy and
Alfie and alfea's holding a baby guinea
pig look although you're not really
holding it you're just kind of letting
it rest on you how cute
ah sorry papi that's it
look at the camera Alfie doesn't like
the setup no I'm finished there he's not
finished it but he doesn't like it just
so my camera running am NOT happy there
Joe oh hey Alfie a pug won't move again
chestnuts roasting on an open fire Jack
Frost nipping at your yes I was gonna
say tits but feed my headaches
completely gone now
yay Alfie told me to put my camera wrong
cuz he's just going to do my car now I'm
really worried of recording our light no
wasn't it was now away here's a present
film yourself if you know what this is
right yes nobody you're mean I don't
take it I just realized that my life in
my calendar yet today shall I open it
now Alfie I'm gonna Twitter's broken Oh
No
look at that face the face of Twitter
breaking oh no fail whales there we go
oh it's the fan and the crown what you
doing I've got you an early Christmas
present little one it smells so good
here you go Wow some Chris cuts they
look so cool I'm so hungry
it's like hashbrowns I thought it's
gonna be smaller I could fit it all in
my mouth on one go you still could fit
that all in your mouth in one go told
you we are having a quick bird eating
before the big drive home hmm
I okay so me and Alfie always have this
very even star I like Burger King more
than McDonald but I know you're Jewish
and they're going to agree chicken
nuggets here aren't as crispy on this
good a bit wet the chicken in the
McDonald's is better and the chips
Madonna's a soldier which means they're
better no one said this was called
chicken
King neighbours McDonald's McDonald's I
mean
this is like my old guinea pig
it's a Rex I think that's what
baby Joe no there's three in there you
got these little things
thank you
so he's quite the animal nerd as all the
animals are and all the different
kindness oh my god these are favorites
this little ginger one has my favorite
breed of you know cake and also one in
here this one this one is my favorite
breed that Abyssinian oh I want to take
it away
Merry Christmas
we're back at my house and I brought my
bag with me no that's an advent calendar
by the body shop and I remembered when I
got back that I have an openness this
one's by benefit than anyone hi shorty
in order that's even easier oh my god
that's so cute
do you know what that is what do you
think it's gonna be first um lip gloss
what is it what is it what is it stay
don't stray light to medium is this the
foundation or is this a stay put primer
for concealer and eye shadow that's cool
I'm liking this so far I think this is
really cool idea especially if people
that don't like chocolate or play Nabeel
well that brings in that something body
related oh come on
body binder oh damn it I was wrong
is that a little shower gel ah perfect
the device our gel Oh a born lippy this
is strawberry to going with a strawberry
theme here body shop I see what are you
doing anyway we're at home now is Lai
alpha has to be up at like 6:00 a.m. no
my trains at half 6:00
I believe at 6:00 a.m. I have to be up
at that high five and I need shave this
off as well before we hope you enjoyed
day two I'm now gonna dream about guinea
pigs give the video a thumbs up guys
