the first wakey-wakey
35 in the mornings I wake it's not sighs
in the morning it's like half of a it's
not - if there's a single digit in the
front of the clock then it means you
don't have to wake up do you know what
the first of December means Elfi means
it's holidays if you know who I am
know what it means that it's look worse
yeah yeah yeah yeah love what's love are
you excited for vlogmas
come on Grinch it's Christmas now
Christmas night you're taking all my
pillows not six pillows both be Elfie
yeah
can we open your own calendar surely
this is Alfie's advent calendar which i
think is the coolest advent calendar i
have ever seen
instead of chocolate there's bits of
Playmobil who remembers claimable from
when you were little and also just when
you're little for when you're cool
monster and rabbits and raccoons
remember we saw a raccoon in yeah we did
in Canada yeah it was crazy this is just
the coolest thing but well I think I
like it is for eight people sort of says
no looks like that no is it so complex
that you need four to ten people to make
it no it doesn't I'm just a genius no
this is amazing I want one
do you think we've got girls version
maybe we can look it down today
yeah let's go done my Arab and I and
then I've got my favorite lip gloss on
at the moment
which is the Rouge bunny Rouge a kir
royal jelly xx x plus saying your
favorites yeah oh boy oh yeah it's not
gone up yet though and we've actually
been editing a video we're going to go
into town soon with Marcus and Shay yeah
and I've been editing my video which is
going up today I say I alphas been
helping me this is the thumbnail today
oh it's quite bad background it's got
that charger and stuff phi1 in it did
you have a tummy then yeah hungry who's
this an impression on Tanya
no Tanya's all about up here - our house
tonight
Oh Miranda okay I really like my dress
as well by the way guys this is from
Zara is this just a whole video your lip
gloss your gloves what about your
necklace you like mechanism of us sent
me this no yeah it's so cute isn't it
there's a little fun I'm really into
forms at the moment Alfie will tell you
everything is yeah check this so this is
always new video at the moment let's
find what's that what's that Zoe I like
them they're in cute anyway we got woken
up today by Christmas songs yeah my
parents and Chris have something loud
Christmas the snow is fun coming down
what am i doing hmm got so much rhythm
stop filming me now
so alfie is opened day one of his advent
calendar I've got the best present ever
super cool advent calendar I'm really
jealous because a woman and I know I
have to go over to his channel to see
what it was I've got a real car but look
over Oh sh are you coming
look at the size of the dip that it was
in that's a big dip look already crevice
great um let's open day number two now
oh listen
three see him a nice girl
we've also joined now by marker looking
ever so silica yeah yeah with your roll
man silica
muffy nightmare this is Sybil on Korea
and we were just I was just filming them
as we were going past really sneekly but
they were really good at singing so I
just thought I would put them on here hi
from
good boy market
Singh now he's going to get hacker wait
you said Jack world
he's trying on a to me oh sure I like
that Marcus I like it I like it it still
is still a Christmas jumper but I like
that it's ski feed yeah no one else has
a Christmas Christmas Hornet yeah you're
not you're not like a ski enthusiasts
stupid schmuck at the shop but Loeb
keeps so proud it opened last month
check it out with your Brighton Big Love
currently going down my favorite part
writing which is the lane
I mean
that what is my know what ah parody
Boston the I sir
I saw this he just fell out okay so ice
file and we fruit I'm even want to do
with this
basically I don't massive crash down was
dead and obviously Alfie's parents not
anyway were like I'm sorry is going I
closed that door I closed that door over
there can you hear it
or when it drips off it make such a
noise this sorry Zack no way let me
belong yeah all right hold up him in
here this is quite serious
there's someone burning it hey yeah a
few at sorry shouldn't listen this is a
serious matter Lenny when is the cam run
oh god I said I'm excuse me really sorry
I don't if you realize that you're in my
house you can tell what you want and
then just leave the doors over there
before they go one more thing
yeah what do you buy oh where is it I
bought an advent calendar Playmobil so
Christmasy music let's take this
upstairs
so because Alfie got one and his mum
informed me that there was actually a
girl's version which which was a
princess version how cute is this
there's a cake I think they're getting
married and a horse so I thought I'd
join in on the Playmobil action and now
I'm going to open day one because
obviously I didn't get to do that this
morning so let's open day one Alfie
3d what oh oh how cute it's the little
princess I'm glad they've kept it
traditional because you know like a lot
of things like Polly Pocket got big gun
yeah
Playmobil stayed the same and used to be
able to take the hair off oh oh give an
issue she hasn't got a brain no brain in
there but that's okay because she's got
pretty hair I think she's actually got a
fishtail not joking she has a fishtail
I'm gonna go have a bath now and upload
my video but I hope you've enjoyed day
one of vlogmas see you tomorrow
so excuse my makeup list face messy bun
and Alfie's t-shirt um but I just
uploaded my Christmas video and I was
gonna end my vlog already for something
super exciting happened I hit three
million subscribers who say we're
healthy well yeah how amazing is that
I remember Christmas Eve last year I hit
400,000 subscribers and now I have 3
million and it's not even a year later
that is crazy like crazy I can't even
really fathom how many people that is
fathom is a funny word I just want to
say thank you so much to everyone who
has subscribed to my main channel I love
you all millions 3 millions ha I can't
even fly kind of make words make words
for me
Rodan I'm just super happy and this was
the best start of vlogmas ever I'm gonna
have setup joy food separately food and
drinks and treat party to people per day
yeah I'm actually gonna go into bed now
guys thank you so much I love you all
a sigma Elfie
