good morning everybody and welcome to
you block my staple got it right today
we are heading out this morning to go
and get our Christmas tree and I'm so
excited so excited in fact I have
dressed as a Christmas tree
do you like this outfit though let me
show you the full the full a tire Alfie
you listening to Christmas music ah so
hat this is the Hat I actually wore last
year effort this is from misguided or
boohoo it's one of them it was from ASOS
this jacket is from Zara this is
actually from last year it was
absolutely full of static I had to ask
Alfie how to like to Google how to get
rid of static every time you touched the
jacket you got a shock but it seems fine
now and then I've just got my black Joni
jeans on and then my Topshop boots
because these are like my walking
doesn't matter if you get a bit muddy
boots we also have the doggies let me go
and show you them I'm Andrew and Nicky
here puppy Sean stayed the night
obviously so they're still here
my knees your knee you're excited to get
a tree are you getting a tree today do
you know what size massive massive
massive with an F
where are the doggies let me find them I
can hear them that's for sure ah she's
so not bothered about me I think she's a
bit scared of my jacket are you admiring
the tree neck do you like it I know well
the thing is is that we need a Christmas
photo
yeah would you like what do you like
while she's been staying with buzz buzz
has one as well they've been sharing it
so we gave you a couple days but is like
am I getting some tea yeah they proper
know what I know
look I'm like messy buzzes with the tree
oh she's messy too she's gonna Hoover
all these crumbs up there and run after
buzzes watch she does this every time
look no she's circling him like a
buzzard if any of you are wondering this
is the Lily's kitchen Christmas fireside
tales so cute I still need to open one
and two well maybe I'll let you have one
and two later if you're good with
they're nice so we're in the car we're
nearly there and I'm Andrew Niccol head
of us and they say guys it's not open
today
I'm so so so we're gonna go somewhere
else all is not lost just yet guys but
in the other places just somebody find
resistors it's not like it's not festive
ha
Christmas is ruined we're going
somewhere else
have a look at the trees fingers crossed
they have trees yeah all Sean wants his
food and coffee he doesn't care he does
care about the tree I'm joking right we
ready guys so we've come to a garden
center is it is this a garden center or
like a farm shop
I'm getting a tree for the living room
which is gonna be about eight foot five
oh I didn't bring a tape measure
Cory shoulda brought a tape measure
should nice oh my god no oh my god it
smells amazing
so what size is there seven foot so I
want to go up to eight fir
right eight foot eight furs here we go
this is what we won an 8-footer that's a
nice one
he's got a nice one Shawn you go for the
legs you go for his legs and I'll grab
the tree I can't see you you blend in
yeah that is a nice one as well is this
for the living room
I don't know it's quite um like it's not
right bushy it's quite sparse hmm I like
the height of them but I feel like
they're not very bushy one's got cute
it's got a little bit of her like neck
going on yeah it's like the body in the
head
this one's bushier yeah that's a good
one do a little spin yeah a little bit
in there I'm so Christmas tree fussy
she's a Christmas tree Savage oh nice hi
yeah that's a good height that's eight
foot take off the tree condom oh I feel
a bit it's a bit skinny yeah what do you
want to do guys this is perfect the back
I like the bushiness of that one guys
cynically actually thing I like that I
think again what do you actually think
personally thank you know pop is not
convinced pop is impossible to please
don't get oh it's perfect bushiness part
look at all these trees oh my god
healthy no oh that's chunky as well what
foot is that their name I think the
problem is we always go a bit bigger
than we actually should go
look at my shoes oh there's obviously a
reason that ones in there yeah that's
too tall
that's like a 10-footer do you not think
it's for the Methodist Church it's gonna
be picked up on Thursday the 14th then
get out I told you no you cannot imagine
look at all these trees there's so many
we're currently trying to decide between
these two oh I do I think that one for
the living room the one alfea's got I'm
not sure about this one although the
shape of it is quite nice
look come back stand back yeah that is
quite good one
we've decided I feel like I've made a
very rushed decision you know I'm like
when the trees we did that we came in
boom booms done if we picked our trees
oh where were you Sunday we've picked
our trees we've got to all here yeah and
now probably gonna take a picture of me
in the trees these are the ones that
smell the most amazing they're like they
drop needles but they smell so good now
picking all the Christmas tree stands
we've gone for a sparkly green what
color did you go for what color is there
I quite like this one the glittery like
Burgundy Merry Christmas what I love how
you say that you know in the Kardashians
when they went to that amazing shop this
is just like what tree is it I think you
were snapping of it last week just a
clap or something or press his hand she
won't stop looking up his skirt not it's
not it's so much fun
like that it's bigger it's bigger up
there been the trees on there's also one
inside that's better
we've now stopped off at tulley's farm
to see what's going on here for
Christmas have a little look around grab
some food and see if they've got any
decorations leave him alone
that's so cute more trees hello Santa
those father Christmas's really scare me
the ones with all the exaggerated
features I've also ordered a supreme hot
chocolate whatever that is I'm excited
for you
oh my god a head difference it's
ridiculous I was further back to be fair
and miss it bad so funny I love instant
photos that's a really nice camera
yeah I'm really handy is that a Fuji
Fuji film for you yeah Fuji film I
haven't seen those well you only ever
seen the like coloured one you can get
them now where you can see I'm taking no
oh my god I want one of the oh my
goodness look at this hot chocolate I
have to be quite quick so I think this
cream is about to dribble down the side
hi smells like bonfire my most favorite
smell in the world if we've got the tree
thing because it's quite low so yeah
this Christmas this one's quite low
where's some of them are quite tall adds
extra I see their doggies Amanda had to
drop Nick off at a meeting but she
obviously has the trees on her roof so
she's gonna be coming back here with the
trees after he's nipping over to his
office maybe we should just are we fully
decorating them today or are we just
gonna put the lights on it read what we
can do tonight I think we've got to so
you could do one today one tomorrow oh
yeah that's true yeah can't you see what
happened yeah cuz we weren't going to go
to the cinema tonight but yeah we've got
two trees we have two trees to decorate
and put lights on so before I went away
to Edinburgh
I ordered a jacket on Urban Outfitters
and I did want to take it away with me
but it arrived later than it said it
would Urban Outfitters offer Next Day
Delivery but it's never next day I've
noticed cheeky little Urban Outfitters
so I'm gonna open this now and I'm going
to show you it it's actually a jacket
that we saw so much in Edinburgh every
time some one or three people were
wearing it and I was like oh maybe this
is like a thing that was a thing and now
it's not a thing anymore but I'm gonna
see what it looks like call me because
it's one of those jackets
on the model on the website it looked
really cool I don't know if I'm cool
enough I also think the P head situation
could make this quite funny or it'll
look okay fingers crossed
oh and of course my high-pitched voice
brought you over as well then jackets
full of static again it's like it's
basically like a puffer jacket oh nice
like a marshmallow puffer jacket walk
rate like a baby pink
it lets you like unwrapping and sleeping
bag what do you do what do you do oh my
god I love it like this I just oh my god
just lay down anywhere feel that can lay
down anywhere and is fall asleep like
I'm gonna look like a flop you know
there's marshmallow it's like a sleeping
bag I love it it's actually a sleeping
bag do you tuck hair in it love it I
don't really know I feel like it might
be a hair tuck arena and it's got
pockets okay I'm happy with that
oh that's how I sleep like that my home
code over here is a mirror shot of the
jacket I mean it definitely is a puffer
jacket I don't think I own a puffer
jacket or have ever owned a puffer
jacket so it might take some getting
used to I think I look quite top-heavy
do you not think it makes my legs look
like little matchsticks I do have to say
it's the comfiest coat I have ever
bought in my life
like honestly I could sleep if I had
this on the plane I would have I would
have been able to sleep in it who
doesn't want to look like a marshmallow
this time of year
that's what I'm saying yeah there's no
winter coat that's particularly
flattering feel like rest your head
isn't it nice
what being showing her off to get some
Christmas decorations see you in a bit
you have 20 seconds to find me the
tackiest decoration you have to bring
back in like a decoration
and I have to put it on my tree whatever
you pay look at these dogs watching
Amanda and Alfie taking the trees off
the car who is it buzzy Oh side buzz
I've shut the door sorry we get in the
tree the Christmas tree every year I
think this is gonna be the year that
Nala is interested in the Christmas tree
like sniffing it or wanting to like
knock a ball ball off just genuinely
like or just generally like I don't know
what is this object but she never did
look at them huh
oh my wha am I tired
well yeah I'm really nice and warm
inside of my coat
by the fire just watchin you want me to
come and help I'll say ah best mooning
me now do you just never interested in
the Christmas tree ever
I mean she's more interested in them
taking the Christmas tree off the car
but yeah I don't know because I know
because so many people say like oh my
dog knocks my tree over I'll jump into a
tree or oh my goodness they've just in
the driveway
take it the tree off the car Oh pug they
said why not noisy
they said anyway yeah but if your dog or
pet bothered by your Christmas tree I
think maybe it's a hat thing actually
like Christmas trees and cats in
Christmas trees I'm not sure okay poppy
and Shawn have bought the decoration
okay wait oh my one oh you bought one
each okay this is my okay this is huge
you know I I do actually have a green
and purple and gold tree so I was like
oh he's already got our stuff I actually
quite like this this gets on the top
this one on my shoulder
yeah this one's my on Oh what is this
yeah it's catch man yeah I like it
Thank You Shawn oh my god this was it
lovely on the top of the tree
oh yeah thank you guys thank you very
much
gonna put them on the tree I will a
hundred percent I promise
okay right gonna go upstairs and check
if I've got a tree stand for papi and
Shawn there is a stand in the Attic this
is my attic currently it's like
Christmas and autumn and Halloween
thrown up all over it I'm gonna have to
take off the marshmallow a because I
don't wanna get it dusty because it's
adding at least like six inches to my
entire body and I think I'm gonna need
to think small to get this right I'm in
here Shawn now I promise the only thing
I've got to do
no it's huge you want a small one the
same size is the one downstairs he
definitely got one yeah I can see it the
only problem is it's in the corner down
there so I think I'm gonna have to go oh
my god okay I can get in there okay
okay good
this way every day
sweet no I just need to get back out is
if you just cruel yeah okay I wouldn't
have been able to do if my new
marshmallow jacket all night oh my knees
look up my teens it's a bit dusty
boy if you tell me that's too big I'm
gonna cry Shawna snore
the legs are okay maybe it's a little
bit smaller I think it's one size down
time to bring the trees in it's going in
here okay well we can like that dollar
run out okay now we need to rearrange
the living area now this has taken me a
couple of months to try and figure it
out I'm not gonna lie this living room
doesn't have many areas where like this
would have been ideal wouldn't it here
yeah for a Christmas tree but we have
like a so for now which can't go
anywhere else and to be honest with you
I don't even think we could take that
out so this chair is going in the
conservatory really yeah that's quite
heavy that chair is deceivingly heavy
let's move Nana's little basket of toys
tree number one is in half as I think it
looks good although every time I tried
to Hoover up underneath it I just
knocked more down so I need to get a
different Hoover under there second tree
is in we now need to put it in here and
have it up there
go for it remove that tree condom all
that suck much more satisfying than the
other one isn't it yay oh it looks so
good
it's perfect yeah yeah me now who just
having a moment we were standing in
front of this tree and we were like I
feel like they might like any people
that want to move into their new homes
or like they're waiting to have a home
than a bore like they're so desperate to
like move in like we had a period of
time where we were going to be moving in
for Christmas and when we came to a
period of time was a long two years yeah
it took a lot so it was two Christmases
we were supposed to be in here for one
Christmas went by couldn't move in
another Christmas went by couldn't move
it the other Christmas we got offered to
move in but we had no kitchen and the
conservatory wasn't on the building so
therefore there be light be cold Sarge
isn't really Christmas kind of Christmas
of our kitchen
not really and one of the things that I
said when we first came to view this
house not deep bursting like that's a
Christmas tree room I was like imagine
walking in and having a Christmas tree
in this archway at Christmas
obviously ignore the random mess here
that will be gone like imagine it and
then just know me happy put it up and I
was like it's for finger things island
like two and a half years ago that's
what I'm visit and now it's happened
well this has always been called when
we've been doing the place up and
painting it and everything this has been
called the Christmas tree dream that's
just what we call it and what would you
mean will I that's where the Christmas
show you guys when you okay yeah other
than that it doesn't really have much of
a purpose
Persis little corner yeah but now the
thing we've waited
long for is finally there is little
things guys if not it's not you know
having a lovely house to move into it
it's this this is the moment that's the
moment that like it's like what we've
actually moved in now like this is
actually our house we're having a
Christmas here now when we've got
Christmas cookie and everyone sat on the
dining room table eating their Christmas
dinner then we're gonna be in we would
have moved in I'm just so happy right
now like I'm beyond happy it's a tiny
bit 1k you said just leave it yeah
that's what I mean yeah just adjust the
tightness on one side untighten that
side push it a bit more and then tighten
that side yeah because we're not we're
not decorating this tree if the tree was
Longtin we'd always Tony's restaurant in
this way
hi and then what we would do we would
get a little piece of fishing string
like see-through tie it to the window
and then pull the tree back towards the
window with the string that tight I feel
like my parents desires I see one yeah
secret we're gonna decorate this tree
tomorrow but we are going to decorate
this tree tonight right
do you think we need to spin this one
it's so difficult because you see this
one from all angles I just feel like
from this angle it doesn't it doesn't
look quite right
whatever it is we need whatever we do we
need to wait a couple of hours for it to
proper job so should we go and get the
decorations and the lights out at least
what I get change into comfy clothes are
comfy crystal PJs on get the Christmas
playlist ready we should have dinner in
the meantime valus yeah we need to eat
dinner as well although I have just
eaten a lot of celebrations so I don't
really feel that hungry
make love to your baby baby
the house was crazy
Oh Wilbur knows I love when all the
houses start picking up all those lights
outside not when you know it's Christmas
yeah you really can't see me I don't
wonder what kind of like was that
possibly be a red light so myself and
Alfie are just nipping out to get a
jteem at some dinner well I left said in
my vlog one time just some chicken and
salad yeah we left it a bit late to have
dinner we were doing the tree and then
we were chillin and now we're like oh oh
you can let me see all the colors in my
face then from the traffic light we're
heading out she gasps chicken salad
chicken salad in a barn now he's driving
in his Christmas don't let's be honest I
do still have mine
but I'm also very cold so I'm in my
portable duvet do you know I really want
one oh that's what you could get me for
Christmas being serious that would
actually be a really good purchase why
I've already bought you your present I
haven't just one suggestion if anybody
asks you yeah one of those sleeping bags
there's a full-body sleeping bag there's
not a sleeping bag
what do you mean it's a body shape it's
you zip your legs and your arms
it's our wonder they nobody it's a
sleeping bag have you never seen them oh
I don't know about that I believe in bad
words body shape why do you want one of
those just in case I ever need to light
sleep in a field or Bush Ottoman you
never know I might get lost one day and
have it in the boot of the car I just
leave in the car oh it's very dark now
no street lights oh my god very good
thank you
random question how many customers do
you guys get a day do you know
depends on the day really I'm not an
average day yeah
thousand people thank you so much
awesome have a good one ma'am cheers
buddy Alfie and his questions with
strangers thousand people in an hour
something happened we didn't decorate
the tree because we just were both tired
and after we ate Alfie was like I
literally can't move
I still call I was very very tired it's
been a long day it's been a long couple
of days
some why I really want to try and have a
bit of a lion tomorrow because we don't
have a busier day tomorrow we're gonna
decorate we do busy day do trees yeah
we're gonna decorate the Christmas trees
tomorrow so that will be fun and we'll
probably end up doing both so and the
needles would have dropped a bit more
which is good
what swinging may I just what you should
know that I love offices holding my arm
I really hope you guys have enjoyed this
vlog make sure to give it a thumbs up
tomorrow is um an Alfie Advent present
day I've even given you yours yours is a
good one today oh you haven't well then
we go oh my god literally I'm hardly
right I'm going to go before I fall
asleep love you lots
good night
