hey hey what a beautiful day yeah yeah
hello I thought I'd bug today because
I'm at Tonya and Jim's but Jim's not
here because cheering I'll fear in LA so
it's like go ahead
um it's girls weekend um it's actually
really early it's 9:30
begin literally we can't get out because
the boys are so I I say the boys but
really I mean just Alfie because oh
you're Jim's all great in the morning
they're all yeah Bruno sounds a schedule
for the day
like 11:00 a.m. have tea and cake baby
we said nine twelve leave the house and
we didn't quite make it because I had no
sleeping Daniel was Alphaeus water yeah
I was like I missed the schedule it's
nice to wake up a wee whistling this
morning oh are you whistling practice
show me the you awake we had a really
productive evening last night
can't have we film a video very crazy
runs yeah and it kind of snowed in our
kitchen so we need to buy a dustpan and
brush today I don't have a broom or just
the first oh yeah okay we'll see you
yeah we'll see you in ciao burn town
bring down yeah
and we're going to talk shops this
norwich saying something
yeah we're going to give you some time
god made us don't let me be the heart of
the mountain tunnel ha ha ha
whilst I'm in the fitting room is crazy
hell what is going on there I thought
I'd do a little outfit of the day this
coat is from Zara and I know that most
of you are probably thinking it looks
like your Topshop cake that is correct
it does but this is just another soft
one but it's also a bit more cash it's
not like a Parker - Parker and it's
really soft and I like it also have on
this dress from ASOS black tights and my
little shoes these are from often the Oh
Miley as school she is very cute and
then I just have my Alex under one's bag
and that is it okay let's see what Tom's
wearing Tom hello hello I couldn't
change it out um I'm wearing about that
is from Oasis and it came off a playsuit
I just took it and wear it now cos look
how cute it that's key and my dress from
French Connection nice and my time I
think from Primark and what about your
boots they're behind you and yeah
my boots are from actually look really
dirty but that's okay
and I've got tons of code that I'm
buying help they're so nice everything
in Topshop is amazing alright boots on
down yeah
it's got carrot hold you try it
orange master precisely
I really hope you like this
isn't it so good okay so we've just been
in trouble we made a bit of a mess with
the snow and just put into this shop
called forms from the city
yep there it is to get the dustpan and
brushes and the other day when I was
filming video I actually got a thorn
stuck in my thumb right there I don't
know if you can see it so Tanya okay
with the marvelous idea to go into
thorns and ask if they can get rid of my
thorn I know they seems likes to the
idea because they're a DIY shop I know
it in Tahlequah silly idea I'm not going
to say that it's not it's a good clip so
I just asked the man and I was like so
my friend just got a thorn sucking her
thumb you're called thorns hey girl
mom was just like get over here I'll
take all did it yeah and then I just
squeezed it and it came up but I think
that was the luck of thorns yes yes
compliment now okay so now we're just
walking on the street with our cleaning
products yes
and we're off home now we've done I've
done a bit of damage but it is for
Christmas presents so that's a lot yeah
and now we're going back to the car and
then we're going back home to feel more
Christmas so me and Tom have tidied up
because last night we made a bit of a
mess with some fake snow and now we're
going to go to Waitrose and get some
things to bake something which I'm going
to put on my main channel because I
don't really do baekje videos and I've
done a DIY video and a baking video so
far and I'm gonna do another one so all
of those will come out in December on my
main channel just as like midweek little
fillers I guess and so we're going to
film one of those and what else was I
gonna tell you oh yeah I was just going
to do my handbag and I pulled these out
this is what came with the electronic
guinea pig that Tanya and Jim got me and
I've been walking around all day with
these in my handbag so if I dropped my
handbag and they fell out everyone would
have thought I was weird tiny little bit
of lettuce son I bought your bubble hat
thanks oh oh I made it too small just
goes the decoration yeah from the
innocent smoothies is it me
in our world of Plenty - what god yeah
Tom's driving scares me if you never
hear from me ever again
we've been an accident and somebody need
to take over my youtube for Maybach
blowing
Christmas well tonight thank them
instead of updating so I've got sore
eyes because I had an allergic reaction
I think I've worked out that it's too
chunkier ish glitter which is not cool
and I've had all under what I've ever
really saw all day so I probably look a
bit weird and Tigers just filmed and
edited a video it was really funny I'll
leave a link to that in the description
so you can go and watch that we did
quite humorous and born for the special
people or watching till the very end of
the video um
we're about to make something we're not
going to tell you what it is but it
includes a wooden spoon danger ants been
doing a porno so she's Riverdale sorry
can see up there it's not with you it's
not with me I'm not a massive fan of
that guinea pig you come before me and
then son I play things just there
getting warm by the kennel no such a
loser
my pretty there cuz you've got it wet
okay so I've just made so II some tea
because she had a little sore tummy and
peppermint tea is amazing for your
digestive system and I don't like tea
here I'll keep saying to be just run
that it's good for you so I'm thinking
this isn't is disgusting
can I said to Zoe would you drink
something just because it's good for you
because sometimes I do that like green
tea I think disgusting but sometimes
I'll drink it just puts good wishes I
have it is nice that noise in the
background is and one da please like it
or not like it but just appreciate it
it's not actually that bad it smells bad
though smell it I just know that
something I'll quite well I love
peppermint tea you look cute when you're
drinking that
she got that bad and know it don't you
can't you enjoy it more just knowing
that it's like your little Tommy's gonna
really appreciate that going in touch
you've been ducked actually don't mind
it I thought was going to hate it
I can kind of tasty though I guess yeah
there is a tea but it's just um quite
other teas on three sizes caffeine in
does it hundreds and doesn't happen in
yeah I don't have anything in my cup of
caffeine and like my parents come off
coffee and I'm like anxious people leave
I'm happy and everything my parents come
around they're like we just want a copy
on my is little yeah like worst
nightmare yeah um no it's just like like
my lease okay next tomorrow
let's get you onto nettle tea another
really like lining it up kind of go into
all the t's tiny isn't it crazy feeling
okay the mister T number one yeah one
more tea get away okay we're going to go
to bed now because it's really late and
we've done a lot today we've been down
ducting we got really early without the
boys because they hold us up
and we did lots we've had a real live
yeah and now we're going to go sleep and
I'm sorry I look like crap but you know
it's late actually doesn't leave me a
favor yeah yeah I'm gonna give you a
facial and even made 150 oh yeah because
of my really bad eyes she's going to
give me a facial and see if we can fix
them so yeah um I hope you've enjoyed
coming around with us today on this
random little vlog we love you love
goodbye
I see you've LACMA I like touching my
chair
I'm currently crying from laughter okay
I should know Tom isn't the most
confident driver and we're inside a car
parking oh my god ah
literally all my makeups come up we're
inside a parking thing and time Blake ha
ha ha
there was two cars trying to file in
like next to each other all right what's
your tongue because she was driving at
the same time as the other car so she
decides to duck under the steering wheel
like no time to stop a cup and then we
get up here and she tries to get around
a bend but there's like blah thick
things in the way so now what are we
doing Tom are you sure show you what
we're doing we're just we're eating a
break - ha - girl laughs OH oh my god
that was hilarious and now I'm literally
all my makeups come off no cheats what
am i telling her it's all March
oh god that was a good laugh boy we
still haven't parked we've not looked
but we're just in the middle of London
come I just grabbed everyone's way Oh
God so funny anyway I'll let you know if
we park
it's the least fun of my life this is
the most fun over bad and what's all
right exactly ho ho ho oh ho ho father
Christmas is not complete without
eyebrows low
