good afternoon guys it is day I don't
remember
I am currently packing to go hello
I'm currently packing to go to Norwich
for mr. Ronnie Burke birthday boys have
all gone to have ham doing this in my
bathroom
the boys have all gone to New York and
Louise has gone to Jim hasn't gone
though and Tanya hasn't gone and the
reason that I didn't really want to go
is that I've done digi fest in New York
before so I've been and I feel like I've
like met some of you I know I haven't
obviously had a chance from all of you
and but for me like the the traveling
thing is quite a challenging a big
stress factor a big anxiety trigger so I
try and limit the amount of places that
I travel to as much as I can so but I've
actually put VidCon over this because I
know that that's this month - I can only
really cope with like two long-haul
flights a month not for so I have opted
out of that but that does not mean I
won't be meeting more of you at any
other point last night was one direction
it was freaking amazing sorry as I'm
doing this I'm packing my suitcase I am
so late today um I got up I think was
half eight bright and early
I've been tidying the flat cleaned out
the guinea pigs fed the guinea pigs just
sorted out a lot of things filmed a
video um which I need to edit at times
and I'm not even eaten I've not I've not
put time in to eat so I have to take
some snacks on the road with me so me
and Naomi are going up to Norwich to
Tanya's for her birthday which is on
Monday but we're celebrating on Sunday
with all her family and friends
um tanya has this thing where she really
likes surprises
like I don't know anyone who loves a
surprise more than Tanya and I love
surprising people so those two
combinations are what makes a great
friendship between me and Tom although
um when she watches this obviously we
would have already got there
but me and my only have been planning to
go for a while but to be this is gonna
sound really mean but it's not mean we
didn't mean it in a mean way
Tata Miami said that she can't go so at
the moment Tania thinks Noemi can't come
when in actual fact she's always been
able to go and I am going to cancel last
minute and say I can't come because
there's no would you look off with the
guinea pigs I don't know what I'm gonna
say yet but I'm not going to say that
until we're very near because I think
she's already had the disappointment of
thinking no he's not coming and if I
then say way too far in advance that I
can't go too I feel like she could to
have like a bit of a breakdown or she'll
be extremely annoyed at both of us
so actually that's a lie she wouldn't at
all she'd be completely understanding
but she would be upset so I'm gonna
leave it until we're about to walk
through her door before I say I'm really
sorry I can't come so that her initial
final oh my goodness I'm so disappointed
is completely all gone within like a
couple of minutes because then we're
both there on Bowflex surprise really
just a weird celebrate your birthday and
it's going to be amazing surprises are
always better even if it means you have
to be a bit mean first or a bit
misleading and tell some white lies
I'm sure she'll really appreciate the
surprise because so I've got to go now
and pick up Naomi just want to apologize
for verbally dying over all of you then
me and her millions of bags like I'm
going on holiday I'm good just about to
leave and then we found Abby and I read
somewhere Marcus would be freaking out
he were this you dislike me I read
somewhere that if a piece is like this
it's probably dehydrated so you should
put water down for it so we're gonna try
and put some water in something maybe a
leaf yes please
just using that very film and they
talked in the lead oh yeah it's like
what fairytale a fairytale I used to
think that was true I actually believed
in fairies because I'd film and it makes
you to say it I wasn't even though I
believe your name you know I don't know
I've just noticed your bowel thing is
really cool you put does it work
that's so cool it's okay mr. B have
water he does not want to know also look
I only saved the day we have edible cake
pops come to a tollbooth Oh scary
four in the bucket this is what I don't
know like five cars try and get into one
night I know I do know
and we try yeah okay
one two
we've just stopped at birth changer um
their change of services I don't really
know and it has a Papa John's how cool
is that we've got an hour and twenty
five left and we'd let Jim know that
we're on our way I went just about to
text Tonya to say is that so we can't
make it all a big surprise to be
explained latisha she's gonna be so cool
but we waited purposely until thirty
minutes away
we're exactly 30 minutes away so she
homicide for too long and Jim is in on
it and he knows what happier
so he'll make him okay so we're
basically saying that Zoey doesn't have
anyone to babysit the guinea pig so
she's got to spend the whole weekend
right and instead I feel so guilty oh it
was perfect
just think how happy he's
she's a surprise person she's that this
president move tons just got the
devastating news
she said she's really sad but she
understands she's such a nice friend um
so we're gonna we've parked the car way
way away from the house if she doesn't
see it because tan is like the biggest
detective ever I'm gonna walk to their
house and we've got key so we're all
good and we're gonna fly we're gonna
hire she's gonna be so excited when she
sees us hopefully gosh it was just hate
us for doing this whole night we said
can you imagine if we're hiding in the
house and they get in through the door
and she's bitching about me I don't want
to be friends with them anymore
like are you they would do that to me
knowing me was like what would we do
we'd have to sneak out and go yeah she
never be able to know that we had that
whole conversation no exact it would be
on the vlog in Todd's house without Tom
we found one sweet potato and Jim's
Pat's I've just realized we've come in a
movingly Quietus is there in him yes
which one cat where we should hide
okay so we've decided we're gonna we
know that at some point she's gonna need
a week we've decided as long as the bus
not wet which it might be is yeah go sit
in the bar might have to have a towel
okay so we've I need some sort of
decoration here between a troll which is
bunting you'll ever see Oh
later we basically T Peter bar foryou
know she's actually moving that happy
move our cake pops on the toilet
high genic a bar and we're gonna sit in
the bar we're now in the bath and Jim is
going to text us where Tom's on her way
I hope they don't meet you long although
God much we just sat on the bar waiting
and also I just realized who turned that
light when it's making that noise oh she
went home she might think she left the
light on there yeah just in case any of
you are wondering I am gonna fold this
back up for someone to wipe their yeah
it says vagina how do you feel I can't
believe it I think I cried for ages so
happy but excited and it was like a
relief cry no I wasn't gonna cry anyway
but links liking they're really good
friends because and they made it really
special Nate I've been asking for a
surprise birthday party for ages and I
was thinking I always planned my
birthday so no one can actually
surprised me I thought so I'm not gonna
get surprised because I've planned my
own birthday bother keeper yeah and then
George tell the story yeah okay so I was
but I feel it regressive and crying
further Ally thanks and um basically I
was in the olefin her most section and
then I get the text from Zoe and I was
like first wife spent is this a joke to
Jim and he just Jim was so good Jim
whitening I'm a pro I'm an expert at
perception Jim was like oh that sounds
quite typical Zoe doesn't
I need you I'd be such a bitch she's
bathing know you can say it was just
like well and then I thought it's a real
like I thought you would think to even
get someone to look after gimping so I
was like I bet that has happened to her
I did realize like last night I don't
know I needed to guess I have to look
after our surprise could actually be
yeah then I just make found upstair
didn't know me told me a week - can the
convoy when I saw you behind Zoe I
didn't know it wasn't me like a party
and then I just couldn't believe it
I say yeah and if I you remember where
you were the olive in homosexual yeah
because I was standing out also and then
I moved around pages I went off on my
own without Jim to go and find paper
plates and cups for tomorrow because and
then I just thought please all together
it's not that bad Jim was I think of all
the other like 18 people coming I was
like yes saying does that mean you love
us the most time yeah oh hey Jim Bob
hello you're right yeah I've missed you
I have I wish you do oh that's really
good maybe that one there that's cuter
hey you know they're ready
beautiful brings a tear to my eye
butyl okay ladies get in the road please
for some reason they've all gone for a
skirt or dress another jacket combo it
really looks like we planned this in
Greece yes yeah I kind of want to wear a
dress ravage okay it's in London sorry
guys of course I don't have a dress you
know this is an issue just saved this
little guy from the pavement there
eating a banana and we've just happened
a banana a whole army of snails they're
gonna come and get you when you sleep oh
my goodness it's a banana skin they're
eating oh nothing it's like to eat
things like that they have it like a
banana skin orgy
all and iris world over oh my goodness
Zoe there's a family they're all gonna
get stood on this one's been stood on
jelly her oh no
look at him guys just go me nail your
cab pick this one I think this actually
looks fellow 29 snail cam Zoe that's
body
oh no I think I think that's Adele
someone draw some Lila chalk one r.i.p
alrighty let's be careful as we tread
adventures
basically sitting on it
so what Elvis Lee wants to think that
there's someone's leg coming up some
street shooters around today maybe it's
someone's tail oh yeah black purse bag /
tail come here
oh it's blurry oh and some flowers and
then gym
we've just had our dinner and mine was
delicious but I'm not sure that you guys
thought yours was delighted weird what
we want ours was basically a bowl of
rice even though I said it was going on
in the camera
yeah even they're telling hell did he
bring this salad looking good yeah it
was a bit off as I started in it and I
just like to take this opportunity to
say I really like when it's this type of
nighttime light it's like my life is
yeah that's what it's like it's like
it's it's light enough like the sky is
still blue
yeah 10 is 10 o'clock summer time now
though ladies in the summer time right
there in the sermon Tom wash that box
I skipped on a rich end if there was a
fault we saw a fox though we did see a
 you did no don't lie so we canceled
it
I didn't see it like we didn't see in my
mind I did and then I sketch you don't
freak me out she's like watch there's a
fox I was like so yeah we're walking
home now and then we're gonna I know
just an editing and then we're going to
have
Pam possession and the person that's
most excited for this is Jim oh yeah
static come out I dream you love Pam
before last we have conversations over
the handlebar off almost I'm kind of
stroked their yeah you strokes his hair
Yvette okay I don't have anything else
to say what sales watch the snails with
Rock'em snail Ally oh there's one right
let's cross the road everyone everyone
cross the road
I like his nose oh and a little bit
under his mouth oh yeah we hang out all
the time because I have no signal in my
house when I'm doing long phone calls I
come out here and the cats come to me
you're like that dr. Dolittle
you just have a collar on disease oh yay
does wait stories well this I hit up in
our house hasn't yeah this one broke is
why half ones in skeleton
yes I'm no use gamer when it's a cat I
have Tom's parents used to breed cat and
one of them is on this road yeah cuz at
one time I took a picture of it and sent
to my mum and I was like how cute is
this cat my mum went that's my cat oh I
love in the neck rubs yeah your room is
it's like this is so much attention you
lie no answer though I know you know I
know this one it's not stealing
what's the cat called then I don't when
he's good I look how happy his mouth he
herring Zoe I can feel this just lovely
he comes in our house
but you can't just take him he wants to
come in he can come in because thank you
can I just show get the doors open to
our house it even coming if you want
I've got you he'll follow us honesty I
always leave my door open and he comes
in but he always goes back to his family
guys don't worry he knows his way down
doesn't actually steal the cat guys but
you can come if you want to the door is
always open for you
thank you okay so the cats you did take
the invitation come in I know this he's
been in here of you try enough Oh
you
