I'm getting attacked by knife
what are you buying Zoe yeah
and I want to get some little cat ears
but I don't think a skeleton is a thing
yeah you can make it thing you want it
to be a thing yeah I saw this like a
clown EP yeah it's exam day no creepy
Simsbury time yeah Jim's gonna start oh
wow what's poplar got there this bear
let's go under
I reckon we could wear that one now you
can wear this sorry yeah put it on and
put it on come on
perfect where you dumb pumpkin pumpkin
go you're so scary
so I found these really cool nails but
I'm going to attempt to try and put on
but they're really long so I think they
might come off I'm not good with long
fingernails but they're really cool and
they look quite small that icing is
going to get to those the boys are still
looking looking for outfits
oh I think that's a bucket Alfie I'm not
sure I'm not sure that's what you're
supposed to yeah
okay so we are now in the hotel it's
really super nice the nice so for there
in the background and I am just
attempting to do my hair although I'm
not too sure if I like it up like this
or all completely down but I've got some
little Platts that I've died going on
down here let me see if I can give you
more of a run down in the toilet
I've also got some little cat ears these
are from Asda and I've done my makeup
super like dark and vampire got
eyelashes on I've also got black contact
lenses I don't know if you can tell but
they look really creepy and I've got
black and red lipstick and I've dyed
parts of my hair because it's long for
me the most dying in different colors
and it does wash out so you don't worry
I've also got my little Astor dresser
this is cute because it has little
hearts down here I wish rib cage is
really looked like that but they don't
they look gross so yeah that's just what
I'm worried about black nails I've got
my blazer on I've also gotten kind of
cash because um it's quite a long night
and I didn't really want to wear heels
so I've got my disco pants on don't you
if you can see that and then my converse
I've decided that I'm a skeletal kitty a
casual skeletal kitty and because that's
all I can really think off I look like
really I've just thrown together a load
of things but I'm really excited to go I
think that's quite a lot although
already I'm just moving the boys
believe it take a look than me to get
ready and yeah oh why don't I show you
my eyes I've got em reflux blues this up
and up because you can never have enough
I'm excited to go to the PAS what you
excited to go to the party I really like
this room it's really high my own Oh
so 10 yeah so Joe's trying to stick his
horns to its head but let me see your
eyes
Joe's eyes are really creepy we've all
got contact lenses in I quite like
having like these big black eyes because
I've normally got my blue eyes but I
feel kinda nice huh you ever try this
smell poppy Dex no stuff called
liquid latex yeah it smells like fish oh
yeah copy deck smells like fish as well
grossie
how'd you like it
yeah yeah Jimmy nah I'm just differ I
don't know what's oh ok hang on there we
go hey guys she's bad she's fine
I do
and this is where the night ended it was
an amazing night thank you so much to
ask
daily mix it was so cool Asda are
actually going to give away the little
bits and pieces that I wore in this
video like the cat ears and the dress
I'd love it if all of you left a comment
in the description box saying which
outfit was your favourite from this vlog
obviously it was mine at home then I'm
going to pick a winner at random and we
can send you all the bits and pieces so
you'll be all set for Halloween and I
want to see if you can make this
skeletal cat look work cuz I'm not
really too sure I did also don't forget
to check out the link in the description
for more Halloweeny things boy
