wake up it's a beautiful morning the sun
shining somewhere else in the world
we're not here MP is on it like in the
mornings oh yeah
what doing now Alfie Your Honor I'm
gonna fight you come on then
there's never give advice - no why
because I'll get bruised
look at much water than that
hey guys I've just got ready done my
face done my face
made my face up put makeup on and I'm
just gonna head into town I think
because shoosh guineas because it's
quite a nice day out today and I've not
been into talent for so long I tend to
avoid it at the weekends and like
half-term and stuff because it's just so
busy and it just makes me so anxious to
be around a lot of people so I'm like
head in see what's the foul I might um I
want to get Tanya a birthday present
because it's her birthday next week so
I'm going to go look for something to
get Tanya and Oh what are you doing
Unni what are you doing
Pippin we need to clean them up today as
well um yeah
I don't know if you can hear that
shush boys boys I sent you today already
oh my goodness I swear if I said my
guinea pigs every time they squeaked for
food they would be so fat I don't
understand how they're always so hungry
don't worry guys I don't overfeed them
because I know that's really bad but I
do feel bad when they're speaking at me
for food like I give them enough food
okay they've gone quite now um so yeah
I'm gonna go into town and bring you
with me so here I am being a creep in
the car park and some reason my hyung
got on my diet because I've just been
making loads of calls it's like so nice
to be tucked away and have quiet and
just ring people so that's what I've
just been doing all the exciting life of
me I received my dad he was saying that
the Attic at our old house needs to be
sorted out so we are I'm hoping to sort
of plan a day where I can go back and we
can sort through it and I think that
that would be really fun for you guys to
see because there are some right old
gems in that attic plus probably quite a
lot of cobwebs
smells like we sorry just stood hanging
around the estee lauder counter because
I really want to
to get the makeup out there nobody
nobody came up to me so I worked there
about like guys I we didn't feel very
much because I went into literally two
shops
and then I kind of got a bit bored of
shopping I don't know what it is when
I'm on my own I don't shop as well as
when I'm with other people and but
however on my mind I was thinking I'd
really like to try Estee Lauder Double
Wear concealer so I went in and I stood
around for like 20 minutes and nobody
acknowledged me I'm I'm really not the
soft person to walk up to someone and
say excuse me I need your help because I
don't know I'm just shy like that in
like shops and things it's usually Alfie
or Louise that do that for me or tan and
so I just thought if no one's going to
come ask if I want to buy anything then
I'll take my custom elsewhere so I did
think about going and finding somewhere
else that sells it but I just can't be
bothered and to be honest I'm really
hungry however I did go to Lakeland
Lakeland Lakeland Lake planned lake land
the land of lakes and I went to Lakeland
and I bought a crap-ton of cooking stuff
like baking stuff because I really want
to bake some cakes for Tonya's birthday
I'm thinking that I might do cake pops
actually as um
I've never done them before and they
look really delicious so I hopefully get
Alfie to help me do that or I might do
that when I get back but I've got so
much cleaning to do today when I moved
out and have my own place I have no idea
how long it would take to do small
mundane things that usually you just do
in your own bedroom but now you've got
to do it in the whole of your apartment
and the kitchen gets sore messy so I
need to go back and do that and I also
need to clean up like any things so if I
get time tonight I'll start making them
if not I have to make them on thry day
today is the only day I can make them
crap
it's that comfy part of the day where I
put my video on and tidy so comfy so I
am now set chillin on the sofa with
Percy say hello and I'm going through my
emails and watching Louise's YouTube
video her new video and then I get a
little message pop up saying I need help
yo chummy help and lots of spam in my
mind I'm thinking oh dear God
something's happened but no no when
Louise needs help it's never anything
urgent what did you need up with chummy
you ready yeah I wanted you to help me
choose what dress to wear to the One
Direction concert going for this one
I think it's beaut feel like an angel
you are an angel Percy is loving it he
says he fancies you all the boys do baby
so I've decided to start making the cake
pops I've lightly greased and floured
both the top and the bottom I've also
put the oven on gas mark 4 which is 180
degrees Celsius or centigrade however
you want to say I've got the ingredients
out here it's 2 eggs 1 teaspoon of
vanilla extract 150 grams of caster
sugar 180 grams of self-raising flour
120 grams of butter and 4 tablespoons of
milk I'm just going to add the
terr into my KitchenAid because I'm lazy
like that and this does all the work so
you add the butter which doesn't want to
come out there we go and then you also
add the sugar and then mix now that
that's all creamy you need to add the
vanilla extract and the eggs adding in
the eggs plop that made a really
disgusting noise this is my favorite bit
now you need to add half a milk and half
the flour so let's do the milk first
cuckoo cuckoo half the milk and half the
flour you are supposed to lift this bit
up by the way but I just can't be
bothered this is all very quick and
makeshift if you can't tell already I'm
now adding the rest of the milk and the
rest of the flour pop that back down i
spooned in the mixture into one half and
then apparently you just pop this bit on
the top and then put it in the oven for
15 to 20 minutes so with the second lot
that I've got left over I'm actually
going to add a tiny bit of buttery
caramel what's it called what's the word
to me maybe for a wavering that's the
one
I've still got Louise on skype she's not
there right now but here I am here's a
room there she is trying out this go I
don't know what top to put it with so
I'm going to put a few drops of this in
there just to make the second batch
taste a little different also I just
wanted to show you these which I also
picked up in Lakeville look the little
flowerpot muffin cases they're made of
silicon so you just flip the cake out
and eat it but I just thought that was a
really cute idea so I bought some of
those so the first lot came out semi ok
these are just cooling down now and I've
put the second lock in the album I've
melted some of these in the microwave
here is the melty melty and now I'm
gonna attempt to roll a ball in there it
looks quite thick though I think maybe I
should microwave it a bit more guys it's
a flop it's a massive flop this stuff
melts in
but it's just not gloopy enough so when
I try and stick as you can see it's just
like really stiff so whenever I try and
stick a thing in this happens or they
just go up and down the stick like it
just I don't push the stick all the way
in but it just is so the stuff is so
thick that it's just like it's oh well
this is my cake pop and these are the
other ones I've attempted to do and
these are the ones that I'm just not
going to cover in this stuff I'm going
to try one mmm they taste nice damn it
so change of plan I'm not going to do
any more work on this cake pops because
I kick pops cake no I won't escape to
Alfea instead we're gonna go for dinner
and go for walk on the beach because
it's a really no we're going on date
it's a really nice evening so I'm going
to go pick him up now and then I will
probably see you basing our IP cakepops
I'm never making pickups ever again
happy birthday Troy
I is the biggest pizza it's expandable
I'm in you today to see look at mine
this cameras so good quality just been
to our favorite Italian it is honestly
the nicest Italian food ever
isn't it the best like proper Italian
not just like oh yes Pizza Alfie what
you should tell me honestly what you
think of my cake oh that one's not too
bad
are you joking let me try it try it
no please try it I just ate so it's just
what am I please look they're the ones
that haven't got icing on them yet just
take one bite let's say they're not
quite Maddie's mum's are yeah ah Alfie
yeah it take a bite
well I think I'm good
I get I get to make one cake what and
we're gonna compare it to Zoe's kpop
here okay
it doesn't go thin enough but it doesn't
wow I bet Tom just can't wait to eat oh
my god it looks like a face turn it
round it looks like a frickin face oh my
god can you see that are you seeing what
I'm seeing
oh my god that's so creepy
oh that's right so I'm back at mine and
I've got poppy with me so if I've just
got them sort of lined up around because
every she ate this this one - sure it
looks like these I've been dunked in egg
yolk and this is just a giant testicle
this one oh and this one's my favorite
picture it's a male oh yeah puppies
manage to make them look a little bit
normal this one's my personal favorite I
started these I feel like but one cake
of all really smooth and nice to Smith
keeps me from my life he's Sean and his
pizza in his beard he's just having a
bit of lap time with Percy did he just
nip you you think you want some of your
pizza I think I'm scared you're getting
a bit adventurous there aren't you you
sit tight don't be troublesome right
there poppy and excuse me mister have
you taken up my bed you sleep in here
tonight
look how cute he looks
Oh anything little bed
night now guys it's full of fake nails
and pictures pictures amazing yeah we
got back home we go
