guys I think I have like super
intelligent guinea pigs
here he is chilling in his hammock but
like whenever they finish their seed
they turn the bowl upside down to kind
of make me see that they're done and
then I turn it back up the right way
and put more in there but then when
they're done listen when they're done
they flip it over again like that's so
weird
Oh someone's heard me and I think
they're getting fed again I've already
fed you today I've already fed you yes I
have what's the time that's in here oh
he's got the seed he's happy
I just want to show you this I mean I
love doing French but that is quite
creepy is it not how have you seen that
yeah I was going to say she liked
no it's just me shape up there yeah yeah
just it's like really creepy
baidu leftover French Macanese Alerian
lollipop and then you start you ollie on
and then there's her face another on the
edge of the lollipop stick that's what
it looks like
it's greedy busy
you should know how early the train up
getting is can you tell when to my
meeting in London five yeah
the only time is it now what time is it
now
so 911 six hours early
I am clean right now here's the office
here's everyone working really hard hi
Chloe I saw you there try and turn away
and I'm just currently going through my
peer box drops and scissors the
dangerous the dangers have got three OPA
rods and I've just had a really exciting
looking annoyingly I not tell anything
about it until closer to the time but I
can tell you and I am so excited and I
hope that you guys will be excited too
um yeah I'm just go through my peer box
I'm just on the floor pair of scissors
in my hand looking like a crazy person
so I received a poster in my peer box
which a Dom seems to have them taken a
liking to isn't it he is a lovely
looking lad the tickets how long you
gonna stare at that board up I'm the
only one that approves a bit Lucy
doesn't like it this doesn't prove he
approve don't that thumbs up for her I'm
just going through my peer box I found
this lovely felt so which planning makes
it like a female phone
according to Alfie and this is the
letters I had in my p.o box don't know
if you can quite see the scale of this
guy's but um because I get so many I
don't want you to ever be offended that
I can't write back but even if it takes
me into I'm ninety I will read all of
them so if you do want to send a letter
but only fun letter they don't need like
presents or anything so if you do want
to send a letter
don't expect your reply if I had like
Bionic skills and I could I don't but
I'm very much looking forward to reading
all of them so thank you very much
everyone who sent you something myself
and money just you know myself you just
get out of the list and I always blocked
it off with cardboard very funny we are
now in Hoxton grille which i've never
been in before but it looks amazing
there's books there's books what
delicious 30 K I'm sold
I'm sold we're home
I'm personally I'm so excited to be home
it's been a really long day and I
carried so much back I've got a lovely
Alfie picnic basket a whole suitcase of
letters and things from my p.o box and
now we are going to have a chilled out
evening watching some TV with some
numbers I kind of feel like we may have
gone a bit overboard on the trips by the
way this is my bra so just take it off
if you saw hello I just tweeted saying
there's nothing better if you're a girl
and taking off your bra at the end of
the day especially if it's been really
uncomfortable and besides the people
thought that I'd lost a challenge that
someone else was writing on my Twitter
everyone was like oh my god I agree so I
take your bra off and then I put it on
the side and then we search fit Nando's
on the plate next to it so that's bit
awkward um I last different they've not
cut the picture up no but I don't mind a
lot ripping it anyway um super excited
for this which one's mine which one's
yours I had EE me hmm I get a wrap and I
have more double halloumi in the wrap so
there's more only one I've shared in
yeah obviously I have a chicken as well
but there's more halloumi than chicken I
think and then some mash which is my
fave and then we've got chips but I
think your portion can I put this in
there yeah but a tiny bit I don't do
spice what do you make a chance in my
video with Joey um yeah so I'm really
excited to eat this and to just chill
and what yeah someone sent me those
wooden now wooden and they've got their
des at the side nice let me see it and
round where's the soda there it is
no Jess they actually seat you that's
you big for my little pea head so you
can have to ever like what
yeah look at that so many pork hi guys
I'm going to be mixing today and
yesterday into one vlog because it's all
ready to start off the month and I've
had issues but basically in order to get
back on track I'm going to put these two
days together enough of that let's move
on and what pets at home because I got
to get stuff for the guinea pigs but
it's been to the post office to pick up
a parcel and I am taking you with me
because that is what you do when you
daily vlog so I didn't actually vlog in
pets at home because it was completely
empty and echoey and there was about ten
members of staff in there so I felt
really silly I'm also drinking a coke
with my name on it I know how cool is
this this was in my PO Box I just I
never want it to go I'm gonna obviously
keep it but I thought that was the
girl's eyes I just thought I would show
you quickly what I got in pets at home
as like a little pet cool and I got this
I've not got this before but it looked
really nice I'm a guinea pig love Hey
much to our fees dismay as he suffers
with incredibly bad hay fever and then I
just put on some little treat we've got
this which is Rolly knees what else
Stickles these are cute these are
timothy hay and herbs topped with tasty
dandelions if you have guinea pigs you
will know that they absolutely love
dandelions so I got booze we also got
these ones which are apple and cranberry
flavor my picks aren't huge fruit lovers
so I have to try and inject fruit where
I can
hence some more fruit sticks and they
much prefer vegetables
I always put fruit in there and it's
always the thing that gets left although
they do like blueberries and grapes so
that's my little guinea pig all my coat
which is definitely not for the game
pigs now to sort through this suitcase
of letters I'm actually so excited to go
to them look how cute these stickers are
oh my goodness
they're so cute so I'm going through
your letters and one thing that always
astounds me I'm really sorry much
showing my face right now I feel really
self-conscious
it's gone all a wall um but it's the age
difference of the letters that I get I
get some from 30 year olds I get some
from 24 year olds I get some from 10
year olds I've even had letters from 7
year olds and I think personally for me
letters are my favorite way of reading
about your stories and how I've helped
you and just basically finding out about
you guys um yeah I love it
a lot of so much look how cute thank you
so so much Yasmin this is so cute
there's Louise me and tan another thing
that I really love about you guys said
any letters although please don't feel
like you have to send me a letter it's
just a resource of a way that you can
get in contact with me um is that you
all handwrite like considering it's the
sort of the modern thing to do would be
to type and we're all talking on Twitter
and I'm even talking to you now via
social media I just love that you all
take the time out to write to actually
write letters like there's nothing more
special than receiving our handwritten
letter and oh I love it it makes me so
emotional
Isabel she's 11 years old and it says if
you read this letter I would be over the
moon well Isabel I did read your letter
and you have neater handwriting than me
and also your drawings are amazing
touching letter alert I'm going to cover
her face and her mum's face in case they
don't want to actually be you know shown
on the internet but this is Hannah and
her mum and she wrote to me saying that
her mum had breast cancer and thankfully
she is all good now and I'm so so
pleased that she's doing well and I just
wanted to say that I'm so
so pleased that um I was able to bring
you a little bit of light at such a hard
time and I wish you both the best I love
you oh my goodness this is just the
cutest this is Charlie age nine I'm
gonna cover her face just for security
reasons but she is so adorable and she
has actually enclosed an envelope so I
am going to send you a signed photo
don't you worry thank you so much
charlie you are so cute oh well guys
this is from Japan this is so cool got
this letter from Katie and at the bottom
it says if you'd read this far
I can now tick off one thing off my
bucket list
so Katie you can take that off I've read
your letter look at this amazing
birthday card from dear I love it okay
guys so open it up for two hours and
this is the amount I've still got left
to read and this is everything I have
read which looks like nothing but that's
how long it takes me to read through
your letters I just want to say that
please don't feel like you have to write
me a letter
I love reading the letters that you send
me please don't send me any no presents
or anything like that it's your words
that definitely mean the most to me but
if you don't write a letter
it's your comments and even if you just
watch my videos that means so so much to
me so whether you write to me in a
letter or leave me a comment or tweet me
or simply just watch my videos I love
you all exactly the same and obviously
without any of you guys I wouldn't be
able to do any of the things that I do
so thank you so much and I love you
what do you think about it oh cool yeah
it goes I hope she comes in
bigboy watch out so
