good morning it's day one of me vlogging
every day in June I don't really have a
name for it
so vlogging every day in June I'm just
waiting for my dad and my brother to
arrive we're having like a little family
day because it's Sunday and since Joe
sort of like moved to London and I moved
here and my dad still lives where we
used to live and we don't really get to
spend a lot of time together
all three of us anymore so we're going
to make this like hopefully a fun day
and yeah I've already had breakfast this
morning I had Greek yogurt with
raspberries but I'm still hungry like to
be fair I did eat my breakfast took
three hours ago but I am now cooking
some bagels which are not quite done
so we'll put them in there a bit longer
now I know it's really unhealthy but I
really like to eat Nutella on my bagels
mmm look at these cute little ones I got
from my hotel this is like the randomest
mixture of stuff in here
a lot of it isn't healthy here's all the
like healthy teas but yeah Nutella is
going on my bagels because I've not had
to tell her in a while
oops this one feeling to be eaten I kind
of don't want to eat these because I
feel like they're just too cute man I'll
take the jar kill me this girl's excited
for bagels oh yeah baby coos arrived oh
my god you my girl you making some
cheese toasties yes so I'm making some
juice toasted it
my dad's weird like me and Joe wonder
where we get it from I make it Joe a
cheese toasty in this new toasty thing
I've got um I did tell him to make
himself but I seem to have appeared to
have done it for him as always yes I'm
making you your cheese toastie no thanks
this is my most recent ones
mr. bit start and I got a fax refunds
come as well looks apparently but it's
what my brother and my dad do whilst
they're driving here okay is that good
is that good so give it to the dance
oh the cheese toastie and the grill
dance yeah it's very very nice thank you
it's very well oh so much fun you can
have on a pair car boy that's one thing
that dad always taught us you can have
you don't need good toys dude we always
had crap toys oh I remember it go
through sales and get secondhand toys
don't we yeah we always use and we also
use another Harry Enfield and chums yeah
so dad dad took one thing that my dad
always taught me was that you can have
fun with cardboard
yeah it's not really hurt themselves we
are now off to Tesco because we quite
want to make homemade pizzas right you
think what one on it um cheese yeah
tomato puree don't always I might try
make my quite healthy um I'm on a bit of
a health kick at the moment so he's told
me I've got block so I'm now flogging
here we go yeah I will I liked it
hey everyone its Joe I'm so it's brother
OH
basically we're off to Tesco to get some
ingredients I've just realised that
there's a lot of youtubers that live in
Brighton so I've decided that I'm going
to start like you know like yeah the
Hollywood Hollywood Hills tour guide
some kind of thing to do that but around
Brighton on like a a garden like a brick
a tractor with like a big train on the
back and it's filled up fill up with new
viewers that they take you around sure
where everyone lives why do they walk
comfortably it happens your death wish
today is that as bad dad I'd add a bit
of dad
yeah is that it's the best of the worst
item as well there is me resurrection
our dad didn't reach me David show our
dad is because he's a real really bright
in our area this is quite a famous
famous art over here ready it's quite a
famous artist he starts doing like
street art and it's kind of a bigger a
bigger thanks
so yeah cuz bank obviously no banks is
from Bristol my dad's from Bristol it
also adds up a daddy's Bank team just
don't tell anyone
so you've run out editor help me sell
goods are averted I'm reversing you
actually I've got a lot better driving
Jim about time they're in your cars and
are they're like so he's driving you
were bad driving back then weren't you
why you are having in Brighton the
amount of parallel parking and stuff
I've had to do yeah it's learn you said
like a seven-year-old moment we all
though so we'd we come for peachy
ingredients or just fruit why not pull
my finger huh suppose I count yeah I
don't know why I find this the funniest
thing at a supermarket
and you're putting the trolley in cfz
notices is in there
nicer than those cool house always
present I don't want it
hi isn't the funniest thing in your
backpack well she's choosing all no she
hesitated just going for a super she
said not to go for a soup just changed
her mind will she had last minute like
all she's seen it
she seems as you liked there it is what
we gon pause though well better carrot
and Gurion no guys look what I have just
found Swiss chocolate and salted caramel
profiteroles my favorite fitting is
profiteroles I also like salted caramel
like I don't know but they're amazing
pudding yes they are
do that for what's your favorite per day
11 sorbet while living on the edge it's
light and it's refreshing on the palate
it cleanses your palate after a meal
basically
so champion Z
this is Joe thinks you can touch that
sign no no one move
oh god Dan your turn that's gonna go go
on
it was not enough no not quite not quite
no all right dad yeah no yeah you got in
further than Joe did that my dad ladies
and gentlemen best for you let's get you
back in the car
cool we just met some really nice
viewers in Tesco so if you're watching
this hello it was lovely to meet you
and I mean they only want a picture with
my dad they wouldn't pay okay dad well
done good little shop there
thanks mate thank you that yeah nothing
okay now put it away I'll give that
solid seven it's better than a wet seven
oh yeah oh great
what's that joke about cheese and
camembert um
what a saying like a bears favorite
saying come back come on bear
no watching bears favorite cheese come
come on bear yes you used to get bad I
don't did I say someone knows it's big
time janek's Oh button nose see he was a
button every one of you you know he
seemed lay scoped it he scoped it we're
having a light lunch of grilled halloumi
hummus and toasted pita bread burn
halloumi well like you can just
underneath for some reason they were all
in at the same time but that one just
got hotter on the edge don't you know oh
you've made a little mixture will call
that balloony burnt halloumi haha see
what I did there
yeah see we got a comedy from
oh yeah I was dad not me I moved your
phone that refresh are you tasting it
you sure it is it's guinea pig way your
moves on God let's go to the beach come
on wakey-wakey
thanks envy we are now going to go down
to the beach and have a little stroll
it's a shame that we don't have a kite
even though there's no wind so we could
be like the banks family Jane and
Michael Banks
what's that scene in Mary Poppins when
Michael pool is a really funny face do
you remember we kept winding it I'm Jane
you're Michael and dad's mr. banks come
on then let's go battery
hey Joseph I absolutely don't need your
phone outside we're going to the beach
it's a place of calm and serenity it's
ours with your feet holding tight with
your hands holding job it's like a kite
with Fe so whilst Joe had his little
sleep I actually feel rent it out
uploaded did you have a good sleep
you come everybody on the sofa don't you
take pictures no just flogged you any
news from it again did you narrow beach
have you ever been on that beach go
arrested where's more Brown cuz we're
not in the blooming Maldives
oh I did it oh yeah Oh done wait good
tie what do you think buy it
oh cool get that goes I hope she falls
in big way watch out would you like to
be beside the fight
oh that's good
keep off my groin I am now at Alfie's
and we are about to film a Sims episode
which goes up tomorrow or today as
you're watching this
oh hey are you doing we just finished
our private video no a good day I've
been even spoken to you today I'm off
now I'm off now right now where's my
hoodie oh here is I got it
hey are you later don't do that strongly
drama when you're younger did you do
drama
yeah when you're like there's a snake in
my boot I got it
that one nice isn't that just toy story
there
get my boot okay right I don't know
where I put my shoes oh by the door I
don't want to put my dad dad you ready
to go yes
Pizza time we were really lazy and we
bought pre-done pizza bases but these
don't feel too Brady I'm gonna have ham
and pineapple online that's got label on
it what are you doing
tell you four we first boys dollars okay
can you get in all professions and
though yeah that's called tomato
why are you putting on yours I don't
know yet
let's just see where the wind takes me
all right Alfie's here yeah you're gonna
come and make a pizza yeah yours
actually looks quite good all right
mine looks crime for any mixture of
cheeses no half is not sweat on that and
normal cheese I do not got anything no I
would get from our four cheese go on
I'll treat myself this guy's is you've
got your face go tomato puree
you got a cheese not a old cheese got
four cheeses plus mozzarella plus normal
cheddar I was in the for cheese as well
though it's alright thank you we've all
got joy tomorrow I was nicely diced by
Zoe well done some peppers which I did
myself as we're chicken peri-peri
chicken which dad coach is a Perry Perry
tomorrow a pepperoni pizza cream that's
not a battery biscuit base is it dad's
gone for that then look as good does it
too much patient I mean you don't know
you had a fun day dad yeah you're you
wrong to right
we've had a well fun day I like it when
you come to brighten my favorite part
mmm was singing Mary Poppins songs in
the car yeah I liked that happen
oh it was without you because me and dad
always have the best times without
either oh no it's really cool that we
like it's very rare that me your dad all
in the same places that's like this
morning are surgeons anymore it's nice
that all hanging out careful once yeah I
think we've got the best dad but to be
fair since its partners day soon and
brawn I'm running this really cool
competition that me and Joe obviously
want you guys to get involved in if you
want to
basically it's a competition where you
guys can submit why you think your dad
is the best and then what can they win
Joe okay I'm just gonna botch motto I
knew that you can win a fun experience
with your dad or one of these peppers I
think I know why I'd rather go for so
guys check out all the details in the
description box and get doing that
before Father's Day because then not
only if you've got the coolest dad
you'll be like the coolest child - when
they you're making that tear up in this
little speech now cherish your father's
cherish your father the point our
Alfie's making a PCS putting no cheese
on not on that jewelry guys I have wash
my hands after I went through earlier
okay okay oh okay okay we're good with
it take yourself out these in the bottom
Louie go pizzas are done there's mine
that one is our fees this one's Joe's
and this one's down oh no that's dad
that was Joe's okay guys that is the end
of the vlog Frigga bad I don't have a
minyan all right guys boy say goodbye
Alfie
hey guys say goodnight that we seem to
have an issue
