hello good morning good morning good
morning it's very very early it's about
what is it 22 power 7 minutes 9 minutes
past 7:00 today we are heading it to
Chicago
I've got no makeup on I'm really really
tired and this morning I fell over so
yeah so this appears to have happened
I'm wearing pink with pink with pink and
alfie is wearing grey with grey with
grey
I think together will only write into
hair of my dog
no one makes it up
you know I'm such a busy place smells
pretty bad
my believing
let me know
so I go to the loo and when I return
this is what seems to have happened
don't see that
ah
the guys we're all out for lunch no I
mean I actually came here this morning
with Hash House a Go Go and it is really
nice so you've got to announce back to
lunch so excited turns having the same I
had was very happy
I hope it a bit disappoint me I
I laid my but behind me like I'm coming
at the driveway is Friday Friday Friday
Bromley Paulo mandatory business Mirko
that is nothing but wait wait 250
now off to meet all the people that we
have you to get some super excited I'm
so much of here for one like I did I
might be so funny let's go it's like I'm
Christmas yes
so we are in the airport
and ready to head off to Toronto we're
all having a Starbucks
I got a salted caramel hot chocolate
which is delicious
oh you just saw a raccoon outside and
for a minute I forgot we were in Canada
I was like ooh stories I have to go this
way balanced budget rubble keeping up
with us we turn around and he
disappeared was it so quick girls from
the audience have just done the guy's
maker and they look delightful Marcus's
was dripping off his face
Casper look lie oh come on yours is
coming off quite nicely
Jeff I miss - okay Alfie they didn't ask
we'll look my brows like babies filling
in really
I'm currently in a toilet how nice if
that was absolutely in faith never did I
ever think maddening before we want to
watch us talk crap and not really do
much on stage but you guys are just
amazing and the reason that we do this
slow without you we would be just oh
yeah thank you so much to everyone who
came it was absolutely amazing I love
all of you and I just really hope you
enjoyed yourself and nobody got to her
because literally squished and being
somewhat anxiety I was just like looking
for people that were freaking out yeah
but I hope you're okay and I'm now going
to go to bed because tomorrow morning we
have to wake up at half past four Hey
and then we're off to filling so
Philadelphia are you just excited about
wake up early Oh sarcasm yeah
