hello everybody I'm being quite quiet
because I'm on a balcony and I don't
want everybody here to hear me I'm
actually in Greece at the moment I am
here in Mykonos again because it was
just the best place I've ever been so
we've come back and I'm with Alfie and
his family and we're just having a
chill-out week and getting a little bit
of Sun before winter strikes back in the
UK because when we left it was raining
and miserable and it is extremely hot
here and it's amazing I love it so much
this is what I'm currently looking at
this is our balcony okay
I just I'll do this video it's like a
bit of a catch up because there's so
many things I want to tell you guys
about or like alert you to and it's just
easier to do it in a video than to do 50
million different tweets or a blog post
or like writing it out on the instagram
and loads of other little places so the
first thing that I want to say is digit
or digit or is a tour that myself Caspar
Tania Jim Marcus and Alfie are doing and
we are going to be going to Chicago
Toronto Philadelphia and New York but I
will leave all the information below for
the dates and where you get the tickets
so that's exciting and that is happening
on the 2nd of October - there is it the
6th oh yeah sex is it physics I can't
remember it's the second starts on the
2nd anyway and yeah sorry second to the
we fly back from the 7th fly back on the
7th so 2nd to 7th um what else what
other exciting news do I have we was
going on I did not grow a third arm I'm
afraid that would be kind of cool
there is a giveaway going on over on the
day mix channel which I was part of so I
found a video with them they're
literally giving away the most insane
prizes you will ever see it's literally
thousands of pounds of prizes every day
and the giveaway that I did that it's
over on the channel I'll leave the link
below all you have to do is subscribe
and leave a comment which was your
favorite thing and it's
so easy so you still have time to go and
enter that and I would if I was you
because the prices are insane on a
smaller giveaway note I'm doing a
giveaway for a full pan Mac palette and
for our shadows on my blog so that's
pretty easy to enter if you give me some
free stuff no I'll see I don't I'm
selling some sunglasses I was contacted
by detour and they asked me if I wanted
to design my own sunglasses in the sells
them so I designed them and there's only
a limited number of them so they're
limited edition I'm not going to be
making them again so if you do want to
get hold of them or see what they're
like I've done a little post on my blog
and I'll leave a link to the shop below
so you can pick those up if you want
them if I do say so myself they are
amazing Alfie's actually been stealing
than what we've been here haven't you
maybe oh you may be dying doodle job
sorry just have a yummy breakfast yeah
we did just have a really yummy
breakfast I had Greek yogurt with honey
which is like my favorite thing ever but
when it's in Greece it's actually like
10 times looser your proper Greek yogurt
with actual honey it was really nice
yeah and we're just going to go out on
Sundays aren't we it's known in the
morning it's about 26 degrees so Celsius
it's already so nice and nice and warm
I'm going to be sad when we leave here I
really like it here a lot I mean I - you
can come back there yeah you come back
again and again um and yeah I just
thought I'd do this little update vlog
just to keep you guys in the loop and to
say where I am and give away loads of
free stuff and there's lots of free
stuff for you to grab so I just thought
I'd let you know about that too before
it all runs out and oh I have been
blogging more as well so if you want to
see my day you're nearly a million
Instagram followers oh it's right yeah
my new
million followers on Instagram which is
insane so if you do want to follow my
Instagram which it will be down here in
the little doobly-doo there's gonna be a
lot of information in the description
box of this video I feel and I've been
blogging more I've actually got my
blogging her on her my outfit this is
not my love it's you guys this is my Sun
Hat but I've had my blogging hat on I've
been doing blogging things I've taken
pictures of products I brought with me
here and outfit so I took a picture of
my outfit last night so I'm at pictures
on fisheye lens yeah with some fisheye
fun pictures and I've just been you know
sweating out and surfing sweating out
enjoying life blogging and there's a lot
of free stuff to give away so that is
basically everything I wanted to cover
in this vlog I hope you enjoyed it oh
you douche bag and the hue is so
beautiful I want to live here since I am
vlogging a little bit today I just
thought I'd show you a little bit of
what I have in my little beauty stash
because some of you might actually want
to know I've got my tangle teezer I got
a back combing brush hydra lure on for
my face this is the moisturizer that i'm
using i think its lineage comedy
pronounce that this is a Murad I
moisturize ur got a Zara role on perfume
Jay Malone perfume in peony and blush
Nivea small little deodorant P 20 this
is 20 SPF but we also have a higher one
which we have been using so don't worry
we're not getting burn here is my or
Reeb or orab or however you pronounce it
dry texturizing spray which i absolutely
love i did a blog post on that Trez my
hairspray my soap & Glory sugar crush
body scrub
I also do wide and made myself a little
brush holder out of a cup out of the
mini bar so I'm using so zoeva brushes
and I really like them my favorite so
far has been this one which is one 110
face shape and it's just really good for
blending concealer I like that one a lot
I've also got a liquid liner and a NARS
pencil liner somehow
what have we got in here tweezers arrays
paste concealer baby lips a few
lipsticks back there I think I've got
Topshop L'Oreal Maybelline and benefit
they're real mascara one of my bourgeois
oh I forget what they're called color
boost well
knock that down bourgeois color boost
and down here I've got the Rimmel
foundation the new blush by benefit
which is called rockateur and my Naked
basics palette by urban decay stay matte
powder a girl am bronzer and also my s a
lot of pink TVs and that is everything
that I have in my little beauty stash
cupboard oh my god that's my teachers
perhaps everyday shorts Urban Outfitters
shoes some her mother and father when
she was born
what you mean my foot skin yeah foot
scheduie did your skin give it in and
your feet my foot skin it's good school
it's when you look this really really
light top is from Topshop I was like woo
woo wow that's pretty much on a render
I'm going to go out and sunbathe now but
I love you all lots check out all the
links below win free stuff by some
Sony's and I love you all
where are they put you to put them on
where are they with my biscuits these
are my favourite biscuits there's
strawberry cream filling no one else has
eaten anything she won't even let me
have one
no I know you only have one try one now
on camera like no I don't want her don't
think I'm gonna enjoy double what
it's just more for you now these now got
my shades on
can I show are you can I show you them
the inside yeah look these are Ella here
and she's right it says just say yes and
I say just say yes to buy me shades I
don't know what this is either it's a
light but we can't seem to turn it on I
really want to sit on it by feel go on
sit on that selling it really gently and
you never piss bum there you go the
sun's got to my head I need to go
goodbye I don't know what you're walking
away you went into the toilet say
goodbye
