oh this is Omega hello everybody today
is day one of summer in the city we are
just in an improved by which is
extremely cool that you colors wait
Henry's back let me score it and we have
che hello and we have Alfie behind the
camera hello
the excited guys I actually am buzzing
yeah oh I'm TV I'm nervous as to what
its gonna be like but I'm really excited
to meet people we are going oh yeah this
is it
it's not reading this AJ
I will fight I will fight your fight
wait let's start anyway
then you speed it up in UV light
- I'm having a really good time what did
you talk about - I said I think I know
beautiful inspiring and then you got
loved again and we had
I try to walk well but I stumble I try
to find him eat you I'm sorry but at a
deer
hey buddy say I just saw its Lawrence
hello Sammy's mom what's up everything
about them oh yeah I'm talking Tina yeah
no but I waited waited she likes wearing
this wearing okay yeah he's out there
she loves them
check check out on the bag of dicks what
support is always possible we're doing
here with Tiana you me Lucy
Patricia Tanya this is Brad most of you
may know him yes from the vamps don't
know time
are you guys ready for your performance
I'm sorry I can't see it
you have to come now yeah we will get we
were innocent
so we're just about to go to our meet
and greet
we're not to release your partner but
going I'll be like you're coming set and
I'll see a lie but I'll just come and go
like this
oh then they not have to bring you with
me okay walk
boy I just can't bite you back
here's my brother from another mother
your mother should I seize all you snort
in my ear and get the fight of my life
the way when I was in Joey's book so
you're gonna have to go to Joey's blog
to find out
you
you
if thousand typify see only the
description
do you know in a taxi back to the hotel
how was your day Alfie crazily busy it's
really really good but really busy they
didn't make it bad thing it was a good
day it was just I wish I could have met
everybody yeah that's the only thing
that we got more thing we've got
tomorrow but I just wish that it was
easy to meet you guys without it being
unsafe because whenever we try and do
something like walk out they get the
people that run it get quite annoyed
like the security because obviously it's
health and safety they're really good
they were really good and I just want to
say as well I feel so bad for the
majority of you that had panic attacks
in our line because I know how you feel
and that is not nice at all
I actually spotted one girl if you're
watching this I hope you're okay who
walked past me crying and I was like
she's had a panic attack I just know she
has so I went up to her and I was like
are you okay but I just left the line
and just went to check she was okay she
was like I'm at exactly what I know how
I feel take some deep breaths I tried to
help her calm down and then she was all
right and then she got out but it was
very crowded so for all of you that
stuff with panic attacks and you still
manage to come today I think that's a
great achievement so don't be hard on
him fine our speech Hey nice Oscar
nomination goes to how was your day
chummy really good it was nice to meet
everyone
I liked the panel I was on I liked them
prompting me to sit around place I liked
most of the sunny we did but I fainted
we should not like me and not really a
sane to have any face like twice in my
life before once when I was in school
and what is an adult and that was unfair
but aside from that I really enjoyed it
I always like meeting you and annoyed at
you know videos our house we Louise
despises she was blogging and then as I
Louise you can't hug doing this you suck
oh really upset because she didn't tell
you guys
so everyone that way to do exactly let
you down but everyone in the queue was
just worried about you they just wanted
you to know that they loved you and they
hoped you were okay
so we're now on our way back
to be honest I just want to put my legs
in the air because I feel like I've been
stood on them for a very long time
sounds people put my neck in it nice to
meet you guys all right yeah don't know
how are you you get yes are you I'm very
good
