good morning everybody what day is it
today Halloween Halloween I always think
that but I haven't actually seen the
film of it currently I have hocus-pocus
on in the background but we can put that
one afterwards so for breakfast myself
and mark having smoothie we can have
toast too if you like or cereal I use
need some beverages and then we're doing
some hot chocolate in these mugs which
I'm obsessed with this one says boo hear
no evil speak no evil see no evil
this one says at the bottom you've been
poisoned I love it
so Mark's going for a options Belgian
hot chocolate I am going for a Cadbury's
whisper and we're doing it on the hob
the old-fashioned way because I can't
bother to go down to the microwave oh no
oh god it sounds like it's burning but I
feel like this way it's like it's nice
that oh gosh shite so just give that a
little stir do you want me to make you
some pancakes I'm okay actually my love
but thank you maybe tomorrow morning
right I will get back to you
I can't stir with my left hand so I will
get back to you in a bit breakfast can
which is it looks like any volunteers
hear no evil see no evil speak no evil
do not need 700 about there then you go
back okay
right me and Mark have been decorating
all we need to put these up here as well
don't we
so this is what the fireplace looks like
right now I feel like it will look much
better in the evening but I'm happy with
that there's one pumpkin I can't lift
because it's too heavy
I managed to roll it to here but now I
can't lift it so fairy she could do the
honors you are strong you are lean
okay this way all right
oh my god it's freaking huge right down
here on our little pumpkin carving
station whoa this is exciting mark or
something we're carving pumpkins with me
and you Oh shall we do it now okay
money vanes a lot a No
you take it you're taking a pumpkin
taking a pumpkin this whenever someone
asks me to take a picture of them how
many pictures do I take up you see like
14 million I'm gonna go get drill
that's real yeah come on down come on
garma not only do we take I didn't want
design to go for hungry myself
you think the same song over and over
try to be mad joking I really like the
classic ones that it like Jack
Skellington yeah god this is just
colossal
this is the biggest pumpkin I ever have
carved yeah Oh smell from pumpkins oh is
that what you say
I love like celebrities doing like their
own renditions of Disney songs like
imagine how Harry Styles wincing but I
wonder what singers sing when they don't
they're not singing on stage when
they're not singing their own song yeah
you just said it no okay my pumpkin is
hot everything but not as I shut up I
can't believe you're just making all
this up
so talented no God what you do is what's
kind of it carried away yeah one I this
pumpkins too thick to carve oh we still
seen steps yeah yay if mashed if she's
involved in this video after we like no
not laugh anything
I think she's got a stringing bit stuck
in it and we finished this one's mine
it's like a little Jax get wrong mark
and their marks yeah why's that sick
mark and you didn't even have a photo or
anything dude
oh you did oh yeah but a photo of him
not a pumpkin oh no no no see that's
good that's clever can't wait to like
these and then I think we'll probably do
these little ones when we get back
because they won't take very long
but that holy crap was so thick and like
massive that took me ages so we're gonna
go in put these outside now right me and
Mark are just putting up some more
decorations while we wait for our fee
because he's taking ages my camera
no sure
oh yeah I put a JJ he's too late to
apologize so now we want to put a couple
on the other side but that thing is so
scary to stand on and I just nearly fell
it's an ice sheet it's like an ice sheet
right next next one
you be careful take this baby away from
me
I think we've lost blob don't think
we've ever had a ditzy sir
yeah yeah oh you don't need best thing
what you get from home baby crying
hard-ass babes cook crap let's do your
deal
oh yeah do you know where the doors no I
think so there it is huh
beautiful or your battery's flashing
we're now putting all the cobwebs
outside yay look so good today it just
sticks to brick it's so good I like
spread it out yeah
I'll spread this bit out huh yes mark
physics see high-five we found our
calling literally this bit we can
probably spread I don't have actual
spiders nestled in there they probably
will it looks great we've done a fab
table it looks like real spider web
yay and then we'll have like loads of
candles out here I've got all these
candles out on the step so that when
people walk in this is what they'll see
they'll see the pumpkins I got these
pumpkin lights and then like all the
candles up the steps and then I should
probably change the batteries in here in
these yeah it will look fab indoorsy
yeah also look at mocks eyes wait turn
this way into the light that's it he's
got blue eyes I love him right let's go
is another inside look at this
yeah we're now on our way into town boys
you picking up an outfit or you saw it
um I'm saw it but I think I wouldn't
I've learned and Alfie's going to pick
up an outfit I want to get some
contacting oh that's what I want really
bad yeah because I'm gonna be penny wise
so I think I either want red or yellow
yeah I'm gonna put the outfit on but I'm
gonna do like like nice I'm not gonna do
like freaking head and everything and
I'm not gonna wear a wig I'm just gonna
do the makeup we think you could spray
your hair red because red hair spray
maybe I'm just a bit worried it might
not come out the mic you know probably I
also you think we should get some food
because me among lunch of you have
breakfast burger
so I've actually changed my Hanuman
outfit idea we were queuing in the
Halloween Sheila outfit shop and I saw
this mark and I keep trying to make
everyone else be David Bowie from the
labyrinth and I was like why don't I be
yeah I saw a wig and sorry my battery
died oh and now it's like so because I'd
seen this Bowie wig I was like someone
needs to be Bowie and then I was like
why don't I be Bowie on the labyrinth oh
my god I wanted to buy a crystal ball
you know that place it just like the
fortune teller yeah I was gonna buy a
crystal ball because he has the balls
isn't he we're running out of time
anyway so I've decided I'm gonna be
Bowie so I rented a shirt I bought all
waistcoat from the vintage shop and I've
got the
quick the only thing I need now is a
bulge hold which is quite easily done
with the Paris that me and some grey
leggings or great heights basically I
mean leggings would be better but tights
won't do yes so that's the mission that
we're on now God we still need to go
food shopping and it's like 20 bucks for
oh my god wait there they can they do
say your viber tracks your tribe
I think M&S have come through buys I
found some grey leggings
we're just gonna check the tights to
make sure they're down Colin we have to
get that count Colin let's do it get in
all our food for tonight
oh my god we've literally got like no
time when we get back I'm half tempted
to get ready and then start oh no we
should tidy fasting and ready yeah okay
look how dark it's getting what's the
time it's like half for and it's like
dark I kind of know better I love it now
in January I hate there but I love it
now because it feels like closed a slug
calling in his mouth
oh that couldn't be more Pennywise
someone guessed it from my Instagram
yeah someone's like all that Pennywise
pumpkins really good
huh oh so oh my God look at Pennywise
that looks terrifying this looks so cool
out here guys
Pennywise look sick mark oh my god I
just want to like take it all in look at
the pumpkins
oh my going so happy with all their
Sean's now carving two more as well so
we could put two more here oh my god
this dude I'll see coming a scary head
yeah that is horrible in there yeah
that's a severed head we've got some
pumpkins they're almost like oh hi guys
welcome back oh my god you and you look
terrifying look at Holly how is that
gonna stay on your face but ring is just
gonna dry on there yeah
oh my god already driving much you need
like an axe or something it looks
scarier with your gloves on I am the
Goblin King but when eyebrow a lot
higher than the other
nevermind rise one yeah I'm like I'm
like this is my outfit we've got the
frilly shirt we've got the waistcoat
we've got the gray leggings we've even
got the bulge the David Bowie bulge you
remind me of the babe the babe with the
power oh my god honey you look
absolutely freaking it terrifying
I need to go and get my lovely little
camera my Instax camera because I want
us to take loads of pictures like a
facial and that is actually horrible no
chasing up the stairs what are you doing
red contacts which are terrifying do try
that I'm finding it hard to get my face
white yeah that's the hardest bet you
have to really go for it don't mix it
with water either because it just makes
it dilutes it down do you like mine
looks some considerately didn't boy yeah
literally I hired this shirt because I
didn't have time to carry I'm looking
for one bought this waistcoat and bought
some leggings and bought the wig I said
I need do you need to find my boots
though because what are you mark faris
your eyes look so much bluer now yeah I
see in the well I know I'm more like hot
party skeleton reindeer yeah I love it
I'm gonna show you the final outfit wait
which mirror am i standing in this one
so we've got the hair the makeup and the
boom it's the drill it's like the noise
of the drill even though I know younger
anything in there honestly sorry really
Oh baby killed someone oh god I don't
need to get on this shirt I've hired it
for I'm sure I've hired a who hires who
hires shirts these days oh that was
close
look at this room we've got olives all
the foods coming out now we've got
stacks and stacks of sweeties the Colin
the caterpillar cake all the sweets from
Joey and Daniel all the sweets in here
we've got all these well I don't know if
we've got any we can mix them up yeah
all the clap clap game Shawn you look
terrifying look at Poppy's makeup too
let me show you them your makeup I think
I know it's amazing
Pikachu so happy about the food
situation oh my god there's so much is
the camembert in yeah oh no not that
thing that you did last time we yeah
that thing again yeah yeah we've got
that coming oh my god yeah she's sleepy
I think it's also because she's in an
outfit she gets all like cozy not as a
spider Hey we're trying candy corns for
the first time
she liked it see I think it tastes like
a kind of chewy version of you know like
sugar my top all they're really good
they taste like sugar mice I think I
don't know what they taste it when they
taste like something in the UK these are
what Joey and Daniel sent so these are
like American try one of these these
ones are good mellow cream pumpkin what
this is ya know there are male cream
pumpkin nice I just wanted to give you a
little like outside tour in case you
didn't see it but we've got the two
pumpkins Mia mark did and all the
candles going up then we've got the
twinkle lights and then these that Sean
just did with the screwdriver which look
amazing and we've got a man that's been
buried in the concrete some pumpkins and
a scary hanging head and some candles
and tea lights and then there's just
cobwebs like everywhere it's so good
they love it look at this doggies
element she's always like this with the
newest person she means it should be
such you all night yeah spider for guys
it's the bloody bake-off final we're not
really watching it but I'm putting it on
now so that we can at least like see who
wins and then watch it properly like
tomorrow or something this is so this
just looks so funny there's like a
pumpkin
and a Pikachu like Nona must be like
what is going on am I dreaming
this looks so weird without the wig on
Hey
