I'm um I'm doing a vlog hmm I forgotten
how to start logs what am i doing
but I am in long dong I stayed in a
hotel last night which is very currently
am now and I am doing some filming which
is really cool and yesterday I had an
awesome day it's called becoming a teen
and I get to discuss um all things like
puberty growing up boys
friends you name it I've probably
discussed it and I discussed it with
another tournament Nicola Roberts from
girls Aloud and Alexandra Burke who can
I just add is absolutely hilarious you
just instantly feel like she's your
friend she's amazing what I'm saying I
were just talking to her I love her I
won't get mad
okay after the shoot was done and hotel
I've never stayed in before why I think
my brother's stayed in here I just think
it's so cool it's so my style it's so up
my street I'm gonna show you okay so
there's a little table lamp oh great
which is hanging from the ceiling and
then there's the table
cute little wooden chair you know how
much I love this color and gray so this
safe area was just amazing unfortunately
I had no friends to sit here and enjoy
my company last night and obviously
first thing I has to look at is the
minibar which is like plastic crates
quite cool look how cute this is
actually the food menu as well it's like
a newspaper which I thought was cool
pencil sharpener on the wall why not my
hair looks a big string today yesterday
hey and curled it like massive and I
brushed through it it just looked like a
lion's mane so I've had to like stick a
million pins in it to try and make it
look smaller this is a small but this is
the smallest I could get this bun and
that's not even small bath the ages I
didn't realize this was a mirror so I
thought the floor carried on underneath
the bath and then I felt really stupid
because I was like oh so I'm going for
day two of filming in an hour half an
hour going to the set and I'm going to
be discussing more girly things with
fern cotton and I've met side a few
times now so I'm really excited to see
her I thought that it would be kind of
awkward
to discuss growing up body changes and
things that every girl goes through with
people that I've never met four and then
I remembered that I don't really care
because I kind of feel like talking
about these things
is something that we should all be doing
and I guess is like some people get
embarrassed and some people don't
understand that the changes that are
happening to them and I was one of those
teenagers and it was a really crazy
stressful confusing time
and so if there's any way of me making
it easier for anybody I'm going to do it
honestly you kind of just forget that
everyone goes through the same thing and
I could have literally sat and chatted
with them for hours if I like therapy it
was so nice so I hope you guys enjoy the
rest of the footage from today and I'll
see you later
we know Jim what we do in back to the
side we're having a dinner with light
reflecting your eyes corridor through
automatic
- you just go check on this week faint
though she's scared her really beautiful
day in Brighton today Samia now if
you're going to go to the park and we're
going to go for a nice walk from
Brighton and it's gonna be ugly
it's a beautiful day - some means of
this firm nation I like the little
trousers
did I pick them yeah you did this is my
spring outfit this is Topshop this is
book shop imagine if I did this I was
like all guys today actually wait one
minute this is from here this is on air
this is from hair got my shades on
laughing oh my shades love mustn't
Shady's no I'm the real ladyship you're
the nose lady
yes ah gross lady happy
starting machine okay what you can do
about it
even though
Cheers
like bold heads and they get those to
pay for an exciton away
