just come out hello Illinois I think
that me the sun's just come on yes I'm
here son I'm Troy Troy the son I just
came out like in August Oh like not just
kinda okay you log in here I am blogging
here to be I want to vlog you too are
you gonna come over and sing I am later
I've got good for me to eat right now
oh you're not gonna say you'll be busy
in the next 12 hours yeah next three
hours next year I was so good okay
thanks no I just hit my head hey hey
what's up
me Louise are now walking into the
Convention Center to do a move that it's
cold I started you are meet-and-greet
are you excited yes I am let's get we're
just about to go in we excited them like
where are my clothes
you should leave I think just for the
lulz just now that I won't have another
but is clear
Oh
Oh
so I thought was going to cry which is
never happened
so many of you so much
prease left you're gonna have to have
some sweet my dearly different awesome
oh yeah good I did
so meeting and greeting is done kind of
feel like my legs are numb I didn't
greet it out
I'm meted and greeted that song
discovered eat it out
I'm eat it out me and Jim are having
some friend time yeah we haven't seen
each other all week I know I'm filming
you yeah dinner
I can't even smile it was so nice
meeting some people and I was just
saying to Jim so it's the first time
I've ever felt like really quite quite
emotional oh my god really
I inhaled a bag of crisps Oh like a lot
we're by the pool by this building and
yeah we were just discussing meeting you
guys and how awesome it is and how lucky
we are and also how much our feet hurt
our faces hurt but it's okay because we
love you we do love you going though bye
hi explain humor so I'm Natalie didn't I
met Zoe at VidCon and she helped me meet
Jack and food I did and I remembered her
what I saw her just now she I didn't
even have to tell anything I just walked
up and she said I know you I know you so
I'm just here and what's your name
Hannah Hannah happen Katherine Harris
Mary Jane and yeah I'm we're all just
having a chat about players because
obviously me and Jim know our side but
it's really interesting to find out what
you guys are thinks the dark side I'm up
playlist in three words um crazy oh man
awesome and hey I'm sure cool what's
your favorite what's your favorite bit
of the whole weekend
I like pigs got into like meet people
outside yeah like
seeing him the hallway just like oh we
have a selfie they're like yeah sure
it's like it looks more like calm and
like not good so yeah what about you
guys my favorite part has been stuff
like this
yeah meetups so quick you know hi hug
budget go yeah I always like to talk to
people like there's no point us coming
all this way and you guys coming all
this way if we don't even get to speak
to you Wow
see they the only problem is I've been
so nice chatting with you guys you are
all awesome my Olsen you're awesome
together
my name's Halle Halle and she is
teaching us about sugar gliders yes and
I need one Jim wants one and we've got
lots of people here all the way around
and they look awesome do it
this is one I don't know if it's gonna
focus or not go make it focus oh I've
got it
have you got it yeah sure data yes okay
so she has a sugar glider yes I have a
sure Viner names peaches and she's nice
but she'll bite you if you want to make
her angry
hi wait what did you say here it is uh
glitch I'm gonna suffer yeah we're
pleased
I kissed Oh suck there's one of the many
reasons why I love
he just brought me this back from the
Cheesecake Factory
watch inside rubbish
six
Oh
trips down my face sorry I've got to end
this vlog again there's no surprise
there
um I do have one more Florida vlog so
you can look forward to that and I'll
see you again very soon Hey
