those the tough Elizabeth oh she don't
really know is about your flocks it's
like when the cameras off I like mrs.
Furr Susan Bob Beauprez all right oh
it's like my best buddy dies she still
got her dreaded cough I'm gonna wait
forever I think that's not good you
should probably get I did I just go to
the doctor I've told the story about 20
blogs that I went to the doctors and my
doctor said Oh persist for six more
weeks let me know I don't wake six more
weeks I think maybe when you get back
you can write look it's persisted for 10
weeks
give me some got out drugs and we're
just all look I can see some of chummy's
makeup here if you want to know what she
uses on her face everything I have to
use everything to get this hot it's a
full-time job I'll take some plasters
with me today because you never know
you need to plaster and when some
classes grip because you never know who
needs a grip on the web get a grip
ah come on there you go
I'll take some concealer because you
never know who needs to zero it's my
license isn't it boss
isn't it balm is that everything like
Mary Poppins I should assume yes it
seemed hot sure we had everything
something exciting just happened Zoe I'm
so happy I never leaving a bobbing back
to UK with me forever to go live in your
new place that I haven't seen yet
you're gonna miss you too
I'm told Marcus Anaya and this is Nick
oh and Casper of their twerk it was like
asking is all day before you can model
it didn't did it did it did it did it
did it who is it who is it who is it I
really liked it didn't feel so good a
little bit by the way do you I do you
have to shake it shake it no I just
can't grow I couldn't grow I can't grow
here either
and I just why can't do that fair what's
the day today I don't even know anything
really good day because I'm with my
boyfriend I've just walked in and
they're sharing a bed Joanie seven grand
second okay did you go share a bed last
night oh yeah
what okay no way I just wandering my and
is wandering
Oh Joey croissant mom I almost you
always did know man to go on the bed so
I'm here with Miranda it's been a
rolling gun Tang you did a meet-up right
I didn't eat up and I performed it and
ice went to close I was book signing I
met all my fans I've been really popular
day I've been really blessed by laughing
Joey
Oh is he always love you he's just
giggling from love Oh Alfie Alfie loves
you too
they're just giggling because their
hearts are tinner painted like is my
name Tina penis is they all just in love
with me
such don't blast so I'm about to film a
video with Miranda we're just gonna be
super exciting I have always wanted to
ever since I watched you do the she-wolf
video oh wow that was a long-term goal
yeah Wow super my fandom over here
biggest one yeah um and Joey's here
Joey's just chillin that's right
I love the cab the cab Robin a girl and
alfea's over here I don't even know we
really want to go down to the bar cigar
you prefer to disguise ourselves inside
no not recognized no it's right on trees
ooh scary
there we go okay is there a way to make
this like a mustache - yes you take out
two pieces boys - remorse an acute oh
yeah sure Joey the sky this is Joey
it just got a little panty liner there
across his eye Rachel take all your
disguise I don't know no one will
recognize I mean a lot of all of us I
blend in the office I know this is our
disguises yeah I'm with switch things so
no one ever know
no and it's under my shirt so pas if
they're like Cory I'll be like I'm so
Ella never go let's go I'm kind of
nervous for you guys I'm not wearing my
life I know I know you doing good so far
right
going in
Oh awkward and ahaha state very logical
choice
caught you singing still be friends
nearby like and as I'm sorry shipping
friends we could always go to the
bowling alley
thumping on a face I don't know why I
can tell you why okay we are going to a
restaurant that is across the river and
into the woods to grandmother's house we
go
I'm actually I don't really like
illegals kind of family's gonna push
around okay guys Hawks bellows is that
right is that the way we go all right
guys welcome aboard my name is Captain
time we are on our way to Pleasure
Island it's a nice short and simple
trick board Oh
I'm so bloody tears Markus and Jen hi
yeah let them look through my glasses
oh my really focuses wait wait it's so
clever isn't it to come look funny the
first time look at you some in my camera
oh my god what are you doing let me do
it I can't see without them oh I can
look through here ok guys
ah like a little fish great it was okay
I mean I didn't know I would never ride
it again I kind of kept thinking was how
long that water had been in their system
