good morning it's kind of actually
afternoon now but I'm blogging today
it's a beautiful day I'm standing in my
garden and I have some guests here with
me this weekend the hair on my leg Oh
weird um I don't know if it's a bit
windy actually okay
shade myself from the way I'm gonna show
my underwear on the clothesline no I
won't do that I won't do that to you my
panties they are and at my house we
currently have Tyler Tania Jim Alfie and
Joe and we've all been filming videos
I'm not going to say what they are this
is a bit of one of them you might know
what that is but you'll just have to
wait and see what comes out of our
productive weekend we're going to hop in
the car and drive to a really cute
little place that we know of and we're
gonna go have some lunch in a pub and
just chill after our busy weekend so the
guys all right is that one how many days
that we spent together now so many and
then we're about to go back to London
tonight that is true and there's Alfie
down there with his a sofa bed my sofa
bed
it's your sofa bed feel comfy nice
little heart covers and Tom hey guys and
Jim moves so called us my favorite
couple oh oh oh your kid Alfie get in
above Tyler all my feeling here I was
Jay's breast everyone smile and Joe's
coming Joe oh let's do some outfit of
the days right Joe sunglasses are from a
shop and I stole them off someone's Sun
Lounger in zonte not recommended left
other um hype t-shirt nice where'd you
get it
hi book home some jeans skinnies rolled
up what were they from Topman my band's
white van what have you got there and
sandals from office and your dress
tresses from daily look and it has a
really cool back that is cool you
wouldn't god you want to get a suntan in
that no it's not very practical there I
had to borrow one of Zoe's white best to
cover up my bra strap because you
basically can't wear a bra at this dress
you're not most
let's go back it's pretty and Ricci and
Tyler but oh well things are glasses
these are ray-bans children sighs
because I'm a baby and then these sure
taught me and I got it on sale
yeah 14 quid which I have no clue how
much that is bulking pound these jeans
are Levi's super skinny five Elevens and
then these are Tom's okay beautiful Oh
Jim start from the top you're wearing
t-shirt yeah yeah on this is my hair
group myself what so sure is just from
race there's a normal free normal
t-shirt
thanks for Tom the comment tree boy off
and frozen jeez dude I did not do that
Judy and I forgot what kind yeah but
that blue and Emma shoes from ugh
actually oh that cooler like this kill
me is like family yeah you know like
Lady hugs
yeah how they will flock in meantime my
shoes right at the inside oh yeah oh my
god if you need a present for your
brother or your dad or your boyfriend
get those shoes yeah that's super comfy
I'll feet no one cares Alfie socks hmm
these are where they from let's have a
little look Chris I think the Calvin
Klein Calvin Klein haven't kind socks
and skinny jeans Urban Outfitters yeah
belt belt is Fred Perry yeah I can see
your pants the coverage line top man
honest a top man and your little
necklace this is from liberties I like
it Thanks oh yeah will someone do me hey
does the UN do my jacket is from Topshop
mm-hmm my dress is from Primark I
apologize for my bruised legs I think
I'd get abducted by aliens in the night
and they pulled me out it's not anything
that I've been saving of your house so
you know I'm punching you something
punches me in my saying I don't what it
is well I'm just got my high-top
converse great you look cute for them no
skis time unfortunately doesn't
tie-dye has this weird gift where he can
just click everything in a person's body
we call it crack ah which three four
five six seven oh I'm gonna go eight
nine ten
boy lemon wonderful guy and I miss the
fee right now my hand I want to business
I don't come out here down here weary
you're gonna play this game yeah oh
right okay
I'm not sure is normal that's what
someone collect these latter now he
needs to go to the doctors ain't nobody
messing with it click click me that's
not normal wait that's not normal no
wait bring the car Kyle is making secret
business phone call oh yes hello yeah
very important just call your bank card
some reason just you just gently anyone
coming right they won't go then one in
there like it makes my mouth water
don't go on one key I've out here it
makes my mouth water it makes me just
like I just want to do it I want to get
an iPhone they won't know he'll be
unsatisfied they won't ever go straight
let your comb it and it won't change you
have we done it over the floor mascara
people yeah lady yeah
no no anything could be like like all go
through it yeah it will feel good you
shouldn't be following me being a freak
with that in the pub garden and we're
all gonna get some grub lovely Tyler's
in a traditional English pub now I'm
looking for
that's gonna say hope Frankie yeah bored
scratches that's what I'm looking for
hey you aren't gonna say that like you
just like think at this point so to that
end if I were put my string of those
random sounds talking about that word
how Tyler didn't there actually came to
the UK weekend it is why you have to
rest ever considered the loudest on
starting yeah okay going on no no we're
not playing that game we're in a
civilized village we're sitting in the
pub garden and we're waiting for our
food what did you order pants I ordered
fish and chips and peas what did you
order Jim I roast dinner yummy Alfie I
roast dinner on soup of the day
Chris dinner and chips hmm Tyler's gonna
have his cake was he good girl I don't
work here we've just finished our first
dinner and I am so full but now we are
alive I don't know what he's up towards
he might a trick
why I can do that I know exactly who
piece of grass yeah pizza god no really
I'm never allowed like a dying
hi everyone just checking in to say hey
I'm just here on my Twitter tweeting
them a new cuz I'm just here watching
your show without pants on
Thank You childhood yeah Charles Charles
Charles go oh shut up time
oh hey hey I'm you're reading up about
Union J or war Elsie I'm reading shout
magazine mm-hmm I didn't know what it
was and I thought it looked like a tween
magazine so I thought it was right up my
alley
reading about the people what the people
love you're gonna be British when you
leave there Oh hon and James they could
buy time Jim I don't want to say cries
did you have fun at my house I don't
want a chair haha
where's the other thing which each p.m.
I could get all of you in I am another
one that takes five six month one going
on through nig Prince
help me to get fun THERMOTRONIC really
productivity yeah it was no morning
handshake I'll go wrong hands
not Angeles and think it's too big I
can't really bring this with and then oh
yeah yeah that was impressive
Oh your face hurts hmm oh yeah
if you get it right legs ain't nobody
fresher than nine tons everybody wait
the phone why did I know hello everybody
hi hi sorry so sorry psycho sorry
lovin you uh by a branded breath
