what is it now laughs she does not like
this balloon this balloon is losing air
have a look at it look look now ah look
at you she won't take her eye off it
what is that it's so funny she's barking
at all of them oh come here good girl
come here pick up on your face good
little bit of stuff good girl
yes scary why you're bracing yourself
like this okay I'll move it away it's
gone I mean there's more in the room but
that one's gone
good morning everybody it's Tuesday
today and I have team meetings in town
so I'm about to set off I'm wearing an
outfit that I don't know if I can pull
it off like I don't know if I feel
confident in it but let me know what you
think I'd actually ordered this on a
sauce like really last in it the other
day so it's like a really casual azer
with like a split hair and then like the
trousers which I've turned up in the
bottom with my converse I kind of like
it but I don't know if I look good in it
I just don't know if I'm quite cool
enough for it but like I don't know
whether I need a belt and then I have a
stranger things t-shirt on which is from
Topshop
I am very excited for season two very
excited and then I have this lipstick on
which is super cool everything you don't
need so it's Dior and it's called Kohl
it's not actually an eye call though
it's a lipstick and it's in 991 look
they've made it look like an icon it's
so cool and actually this shape is
really easy to put on so that's what I'm
wearing on my lips you're not coming to
the meetings
no cute today
oh I'm gonna miss you like gonna miss
you I've just arrived at my meetings I
stopped off on the way to see Alfie
because he was doing some stuff in town
as well so that was nice because I had a
dream last night that we weren't dating
anymore dating but we weren't together
anymore and now I'm like really needy
today I woke up this morning I was like
Alfie I dreamt that we weren't together
I was horrible um so he keeps taking the
mickey out of me and then as I say
goodbye to him just now he was I cried
like he's only joking me right okay
let's go inside I'm a bit late though oh
and yes this is a My Little Pony tote
bag I'm back and I realize I just really
haven't filmed much today I don't know
why I decided to vlog because I couldn't
feel my meetings
and I can't really feel much of this
evening
although I do you think Joe's coming
because we're filming a Halloween video
for him but yeah I feel like most of the
day today has just been in meetings and
in the car so there we go
I'm gonna grab my stuff and head in we
ordered food in the meeting but then the
food arrived late in the meeting it
started so I didn't eat because it
already Pete sir and I was like I feel
like meeting etiquette is difficult if
you have a pizza so I have a whole pizza
now so I probably sorted for dinner
let's go inside and see Alfie and the
good morning everybody
it is currently Thursday I did a vlog
yesterday because I did not feel very
well I felt like I don't know it just
didn't feel right so I spent most of
yesterday like on the sofa or in bed I
did film a video with Joe and managed to
like eat half a banana I get a little
bit of energy and then I was like we
need to film now because I'm gonna crash
after filming this so I got that out of
the way and then I went straight to bed
after he'd gone so yeah wasn't feeling
the best I've got a few little bits and
pieces to do before we head off to hello
world tomorrow hello world is obviously
in Birmingham and I'm driving up with
Alfie poppy and Shawn but right now
whilst Alfie is over in his office
getting a few bits done I wanted to
start decorating with Halloween stuff so
that is what I'm gonna do
we're having a tiny Halloween shindig
it's I mean essentially I'm applying
some friends around and we're watching
some scary films I think we'll probably
dress up a little bit and there'll be
lots of like lovely things to eat and of
course I'm going to make it like an
occasion because when do I ever not do
that yeah so we're gonna start
decorating now because I need to
basically the house is also a little bit
of a mess so I need to tidy that and
I've had loads of deliveries that I need
to put away but more importantly I've
had my delivery from Joey and Daniel I
don't know if any of you saw but on
Twitter ages ago I was like do any of my
us friends want to do a us
versus UK Halloween SWAT and Joey and
Daniel like we do so we both did a swap
I filled a box full of Halloween treats
and decorations from the UK and they did
one from the US and they sent me it they
actually sent me two massive boxes I
have no idea what they've sent me I
haven't opened them yet but I'm gonna
open them in this vlog so that's
probably what the majority of this is
going to be because apart from that I'm
going to be cleaning and putting up
Halloween decorations I need to put
batteries in these and put these outside
which is very exciting and whilst I've
put up the decorations I think I might
put the first series of stranger things
on the TV because the second series of
stranger things which I'm very very
excited about comes out either midnight
tonight or tomorrow it comes out
tomorrow
so that either means midnight or it
means like tomorrow at a certain time I
don't know oh my god you guys I've just
turned on Netflix 19 hours 19 minutes
and 20 seconds 19 hours so that means
it's coming out 8:00 a.m. okay I think
I've worked it out 8:00 a.m. tomorrow
morning that's the most annoying time
because that's when we're going to be
packing and getting ready to go to
Birmingham how when are we gonna watch
this I don't know what I'm gonna get the
time to watch it but oh my god I'm so
excited for it
right it's a little bit later on I have
actually done some decorating Alfie is
now actually helping me as you can see
there's a spider on the TV a giant
spider in there which I actually think
looks really cool and now Alfie help me
I've got a few bits over there it does
currently say Happy Halloween because
the H came off but I will I will put
that back up and then I've done quite a
lot in the dining room like set up the
table put some rags out and I've also
done a few bits in there but and on the
stairs have done a few bit but I've
noticed again I've done it again I don't
buy enough decorations for it to make
any impact what you want me to jump on
there you got my shoulders oh my gosh
but I'm not gonna able to do that and
vlog what can I put my camera down well
you got that ninja war believe in
yourself oh my god well you to hold this
for a second then oh you got that on
your shoulders believe in yourself
come here can you hold this
since bloody terrifying I'm very high up
oh it's hot up here really hot there we
go
now we just need to do the other side we
can't pull this spider look I love it
nice it was squat with you on fabulous
okay you're gonna have to put the tape
on again
that we go I can't even tell you how hot
it is up here amazing
that was weird I just high-fived use my
left handle yeah I've just balanced them
on there I've got a blow-up pumpkin
which is no point blowing up now this
I'm gonna put oh yeah because we're away
for hello world and then this is a mr.
this is wow this is a drink there look
then I've got a little bit of bunting
here but really there's just not enough
stuff to make an impact because we won't
be no house yeah you mean me look at
that
yeah that looks cool we're stopping the
lights are dimmed in stop your film and
there's music creepy music on yeah we're
gonna light candles light all these
candles all and we've done a few bits
here I might put some lights around the
banister or something
I mean got tied to the kitchen huh
tidied all the kitchen look at my hair
right now guys I just took it out of my
he took out my hairband and it looks
like this no the back lips the bunny yes
it's got like the most kinks and like
mount feel with that I don't think it
looks bad are you kidding I think if you
do like that then let's call about that
I think it's just a bit big should we
open Joey and Daniel fuck is it
Halloween box yeah is it candy it's like
a misery with everything from America
I've seen it it's like the biggest box
in the entire work I'm genuinely so
excited because this is all Americans
down yeah America do Halloween well my
American goods
there's some great things in here let's
start always packaged it so well like
wrapped up so I did wrap all mine in oh
my god family size Halloween Oreos this
is going to be so good for actual
Halloween night we're gonna be snacks in
Detroit
no there's a card
Zoey so happy we're doing this little
exchange
little this a little I don't think I
know anyone quite as festive as myself
other than you I hope these warm up your
new home and you enjoy each festive
piece the candy is all from Joey
spending all our love to you Alfie ex
Nala hope to see you soon love Daniel
and Joey oh you guys that is you that
you you okay we have this cute little
sign that says no tricks just treats
some candy corn which we can't like
can't get here I don't know why we just
don't sell any and then some amazing
Halloween themed straws which is perfect
for our Halloween night pumpkin pie
Lindor chocolate pumpkin spiced
chocolate oh my goodness this is so
exciting I love lindo chocolates as well
and they have pumpkin spice flavor
pumpkin spiced chai tea delicious
however how funny I sent them some
Halloween Starbucks well that is great
Kiwi blackberry blueberry and mango
different flavors than the ones we have
here just all those sweets of so much
better ok we have handle with you 5 why
are these from DW how richly scented
candle apple pumpkin hmm oh my god that
smells amazing there's another kind of
DW home autumn orchard oh my god
that's my favorite so far it's not
really fresh and lovely oh my gosh this
is just like the cutest package I have
ever received there's just so many cute
things in here I can't even have a glare
look at this cute little like leaf bowl
okay I love that these are adorable
oh my god how funny I sent them one of
these although they probably actually
have this like available for them to
legit buy we have it in TK Maxx so I
think we get it from America into TK
Maxx and I sent them I wonder if I
sentence exact one I think I sent in the
jack-o'-lantern one oh shoot like the
cutest little paper napkins oh my god
this is the cutest thing he's put the
cutest four votives I a hundred percent
agree look at this little pumpkin and
then you can put a can heel in the back
oh my god no
this looks amazing so this is by I don't
know I don't know what brand this is but
it is sweet pumpkin scented hand soap oh
my god I so dreamy
I love that oh god I'm making it leak
you wrapped this so well oh my god I
hope mine got to you in like one piece
what if he's luxury field home well they
like it at all paper
pumpkins orange pumpkins do not ingest
I'm glad I'm opens this now because I
have more decorating today I spy another
candle it's another DW home and it is
spiced pumpkin Zoey my absolute fave
candle liners so yummy enjoy oh my god
the only problem I'm gonna have though
now is that you're gonna have to send
keep sending me them because it's gonna
turn into my favorite candle line too
and I can't buy them oh it's a little
wooden plank this is family oh my god oh
look at these these are Jolly Ranchers
Jolly Ranchers sweets in a massive like
Halloween tub one if you guys just do
Halloween so much better than we do in
this country oh my god these are Reese's
Pieces oh wait this isn't just Jolly
Rogers
original malted milk balls like monkey
says I'm gonna try one they're not sweet
as Maltesers not sure about green apple
my absolute fave blue raspberry so good
an American tradition or maybe not stuck
maybe that was supposed to be stuck to
something else these are my five plates
or in the valve is so cute what do you
have in your fireplace or in the Barba's
maybe knees my camera turned off but
it's okay I was just showing you I was
just trying these these taste like
something and I don't know what but they
are delicious see is it fat Brax marrow
cream pumpkins made with real honey
also some worms original in pumpkin
spice flavor like that sounds incredible
freakin cute
vanilla pumpkin potpourri give thanks
oh my god this is the cutest cushion I
have ever seen I have gray in it so it
goes I love how me and I'll give been
tidying all day and now now I've made a
bit of a mess oh it's Joey it's Joey's
Burke Zoe and Althea what did you both
to be among the first to receive my new
book oh this has been in the box for so
long
not the first ones anymore and some
goodies from crystal wolf I'm so proud
of you both and all your accomplishments
were all grown-ups missed you most enjoy
Joey Oh Joey I love you crystal wolf
these are Joey's like amazing necklaces
oh my goodness
clear quartz thank you so much Joey look
how beautiful this one cover is ah me
now if we can fight over which one we
won and a necklace oh my goodness this
is beautiful oh I'm so sad I already
have my nails painted well I just feel
like the luckiest person in the world
right now thank you so much guys that's
honestly like the sweetest package and
it's made me so very excited so thank
you so so much and can we please do this
for every season which means we should
probably do on Christmas just saying
I've got all this goodness yeah but my
bath is running I have popped up to my
office which I genuinely believe is
probably one of my favorite rooms in
this whole house because it just feels
so cozy I absolutely love it
now I just love being in here which is
good because it's where I'm supposed to
be my most productive can't say that I
am but I give it a good try
oh I am going to sign this last little
pile of cards I actually posted me
signing some of these on my Instagram
story but I have a few more left to sign
basically I have signed 500 of these and
they will be picked randomly on the
treasure me box sets so from the 1st of
November if you order a treasure me box
set online at superdrug calm you could
be randomly sent one that I have been
signed if you want one of those boxes we
were thinking of getting one for someone
for Christmas from the first River but
would be a very very good time to do it
right I am going
to sign the last little batch of these I
think there's like maybe 25 left to do
whilst my class is running oh whoa good
morning everybody it's Friday and we
need to head to Birmingham for hello
world so the boys are packed up the car
fast pit stop of the day we've come to
Cobham services which is only the best
what you Sonny's is so bad how much I
mean so bad I'm literally already taken
about an hour and a half and we're
hardly even there and the countdown is
going up in the car instead of down so
just a bit frustrating so we're getting
out the car because it's driving us um
crazy and with a piece of Murray and
we're all a bit hungry to be on any left
thank you
go and grab some flavor to them where to
say this is war
yeah
whereabouts you Fiona
in this car
it is now five to three
my R is dead more traffic that's why I
just thought our talent control
we've just bought into more trap
just as we were like playing sailing
along the m-40 oh yeah
look like that
I'm going crazy
I need a blast of energy
to spice up my life
sure you have to join in with Spice
Girls Debbie search it's great
everyone's taste a spice girls don't
nice boys on Real ID every boy and every
girl
Space Ghost
whatever reason
Wow
estimated time it will fit the multi
three-minute
I just realized then we'd be perfect for
each other and we'll never find another
Oh get some fruit and some water
what if I try to peel an orange and the
Rhine didn't come off Friday
who was it rind skin is the right now
because I've been driving for like six
and a half hours
should I sit like properly on here yeah
like there mark is gonna give me a
massage and he's just put on some
relaxing music deep breath OH
so area straight away oh you need to get
this little bit can you feel it's very
like tight imagine like role of waiting
are they're very lucky
pavement can you feel that yeah I'm so
naughty survey honestly someone could
film say cases literally one palm is
your choice
I wish you had wings and n weird things
maybe
do your best walk down the catwalk
come on oh my god you know how much of a
die of love if you just throw them into
this slap drop go Shawn slut drop best
luck fair enough
oh sure one that's more like taking you
did it in a Tesco car park in the war
the Ahmadi have snuck into the winter
Zen garden to have a little look and I
can't even tell you what this smells
like it smells like Christmas tree
heaven like sniff this it's so pretty
it's very zen
I really want the job of this man is
spraying the trees and I would really
like that job if I worked here I'd be a
great job yeah alright if you really
need someone to do that I'll do it
filling the bath of snow I even like how
the ground feels
it's very like spongy
you come through this door which is so
cool yeah it's like a wick a witch in
the what's it called Lion the Witch and
the Wardrobe oh my god it looks so cool
yeah yeah yeah I'm wearing an outfit
that I feel a little bit uncomfortable
on yes I put my music I'm wearing a
freakin leopard print trouser suit with
a blazer let's face it and then this is
a national exit on t-shirt and some
boots in the necklaces this is from and
other stories and this was sent to my PA
box
I don't actually remember what who it's
from but shit shit the baha the believed
she could maria Tasha earrings as a wave
and my colourpop lip I've been obsessed
with so that is my kind of outfit of
Saturday nothing thank you I also really
love what you're wearing today thank you
I would like to get a nice Instagram yes
you need one of a pumpkin
Jim comes back puts an MGB crater news
I'm joined up
oh you're trying to film over okay it's
snowing guy oh yeah I may need to get
some like more snow in look at it where
is it coming from over there I think
man you either here hello I know we've
come out of the bang garden very
successful it was lovely to meet the
many of you we are now going on the main
stage because the main show is about to
begin
oh it's got very dark oh my gosh thank
you
I'm just so glad I'm not playing the
game this is not the game to me you'll
soon see what it is
all right
I'm not sure you should be doing this
there's so many people actually like
insane
I like you very much I'm gonna live if
anything
oh hello world is starting right now I'm
actually like jittery I'm so excited
there's a lot of people gonna lock him
up there my lord mercy I did the baking
and I did in there I didn't go there and
then you come in and take my seat
you guys discuss who you're gonna
nominate can we have a look at the sign
zone please but you know we have
pictures on the towers you can was
picked out him again ma see there see
yourself in that picture is that you it
was me Oh
hi guys I am just editing this vlog and
I realized that I did not actually feel
let me just I'm watching you've got mail
for like the 50 billionth time this
month so I'll just turn it down a bit
I'm editing the vlog and I have a tiny
bit of footage from Saturday and no
footage from Sunday at hello world I
left my camera in the green room and I
just I didn't take it with me anywhere I
was going so I stole a couple of clips
from our first vlog so I apologize if
you've already seen this but I didn't
want to have like absolutely nothing to
show for Sunday i what should i do first
oh I went on the arcade stage and we did
a Q&A and then I spent about an hour
taking photos with everyone down there
and then I went over to the Zen garden
and spent about another hour in there
with everybody meeting as many of you as
I could and it was so so lovely at some
of the nicest letters and cards and you
guys are honestly just the cutest but
they obviously the only things Alfie was
with me at was a tiny snippet of the Q&A
stage and then he filmed when me and
Marc went on the main stage later on so
you can see that footage now just joined
on stage
is amazing
let's come to the first Olympic Games
I really hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
I'm sorry it's so flippin long I did
just want to add a little bit on the end
because this weekend was really hard for
me and I think if any of you are
watching this with anxiety I just want
to add this little bit into the end of
this vlog purely because when you feel
like you have been knocked down by the
feelings of anxiety I just want to share
with you the experience I had to almost
reassure you that although it feels like
you can never ever ever bounce back you
can I feel like if you're a long time
like a long long term view it then you
know a either know that I have anxiety
in certain situations you probably know
that certain situations that have them
in I find things like hello world quite
challenging especially like certain
aspects of it I've seen a few people
saying schindler gone and I so don't
agree with that because even though on
the Sunday I started my day with one of
the worst panic attacks I have ever had
in Oh in the dressing room I picked
myself back up
I had my panic attack I picked myself
back up I put my makeup back on I sorted
myself out and I walked back out and I
stayed out the whole day I even managed
to go on main stage which was something
that completely terrified me you guys
know I don't do things like this easily
I just don't that doesn't mean you
shouldn't do them though and that I
think is one of my main things that I
want to express because there are so
many people who will tell you you can't
do it and you shouldn't do it and I am
here to remind you
in this little section that you should
do it and sometimes it's gonna be harder
than other times sometimes you could be
having the best week ever and it's so
easy for you to do those things and you
leave on a complete high and sometimes
you're going to be having the worst week
ever it doesn't even need to be week
with anxiety you could be having like
the best five hours and then the rest of
the day is just completely like a no-go
I think a lot of people don't understand
that so it almost seems easier to say
we'll just don't then I was there
because I wanted to be there and I
wanted to meet you guys and I knew I
could do it I knew it wasn't gonna be
easy but then anything worth having is
never easy anyway and I want to get to a
point where these things become so easy
for me and in order to do that I have to
keep doing them whether I take 20 steps
back and five steps forward I have you
you just have to so if there's anyone in
your life that is not stopping you or
holding you back but not encouraging you
to at least try I want to be that person
because it can be the scariest most
terrifying thing having to put your face
back on and walk back into a situation
where you feel so anxious and if you can
do that you almost push through the
other side and you feel so much better
for it and ultimately in the long run it
is going to completely help the whole
situation I would honestly say two years
ago if I had had that panic attack I
would have gone home I wouldn't have
been able to do anything in fact the
last time I ever read anything like this
was actually playlists and that was 2015
maybe 2014 and after I left that meet
and greet I had a really big panic
attack and that really really put me off
so for me this event was getting back on
the horse and I knew it was gonna be
difficult did that stop me no things
that you find
difficult will always be difficult if
you never try and challenge them and I
think that I just wanted to end this
vlog saying that because I was actually
really proud of myself because I managed
to do so much this weekend and I didn't
think I would be able to and for any of
you that feel that you're in that place
where you're like I don't think I can do
this I just wanted to remind you that
somewhere deep down inside you you can
do it you just have to let that part of
you that's the most scared and the most
vulnerable you have to give that side of
you a bit more control and you have to
trust yourself a bit more and there will
always be people in your life that will
not understand anxiety and I mean this
with every inch of my heart I am so
happy for those people even though some
of the things they say are awful I am
happy for them that they don't
experience what it feels like because if
they did they wouldn't possibly be able
to say the things they say so if there's
anyone in your life that is putting you
down or telling you you're being
ridiculous
you have to feel happiness for them that
they don't experience what you
experience that's it that's all from me
folks I'm gonna go back to putting this
in this and then I will see you again
very soon I have a really fun vlog
coming up from my Halloween I actually
do have Holly left her weird like sex
gloves here
this was my wig my Bowie wig which looks
like a guinea pig but anyway I love you
guys so so much and I will see him very
soon May
