hello it's day 2 in Florida and today
I'm in an IHOP good Jack Howard hello
how do we establish say to the waiter
pancakes and hash browns and eggs
same thing favorite on pancakes she's
done with the standard normal pancakes
I've gone with blueberry pie please
because I'm watching the motor I'm
giving him my bacon though because I'm
generous
thank you very much Louise appreciate
you as a human thanks love you I would
catch it on camera but it's very nice
day and I feel very refreshed I don't
have jet lag which is great the way I do
and leans back to the chair oh I feel
hyper again oh gosh
so just as you know me by taking a child
out to like McDonald's that is I have
here are my strawberry crap say properly
here are my strawberry crap there you go
that bacon looks we're going out a
little stiffly
over thanks very much not a problem the
rhombus I'm just filming you oh yeah
entirely chance to see those videos
he does he does videos he walks away
we've lost jack
and we have thought we did he went home
and Jack has gone now I mean Lisa popped
into a CVS I've never been in the CVS
before so I'm pretty excited that goes
lovely with your dress chummy got our
basket look oh yeah oh oh hello there
hello yeah so we found a Milani Sam
which is something I was actually
looking for because I wanted to get some
of the blushes cuz they're amazing
apparently and now we're looking at the
lipsticks and they look so good these
two similar to bite hit both because I
don't want to like waste mmm no I think
this one is more of a red undertone that
was more of like a which is equal to
suit me most that one
for hair they've got what Revlon got
like the lip things you found some
glasses that we quite like I can
actually see better in these that's a
bit worrying isn't it amusing with
glasses they don't actually look quite
quite cute that fell on us didn't really
like it I like cute little librarian and
I don't the big ones on me holed up in a
rom-com here she comes the big reveal
you are so appealing no chuckles some
little charisma does this guy know it's
a good job that I put my personality to
the camera for that Tommy yeah cool pops
you little laughter but I used to have
these do remember we don't have this in
the UK and I tried some last night and
it is amazing so basically what I would
like to do is take some back with me but
I'm not sure if I'm allowed maybe
they've got ingredients how do you make
this only a few ingredients I'm sure I
can do that
have you got any exam some gum Jimmy
I've got loads of examples of glutamate
and glutamate okay awesome well then no
problem before without them some of
inclusive oh is it I'm now down by the
pool we're boys Joe's just suntanning
so factually gone behind a cloud right
now she's so not good got the boys here
and I have got some who know that's
close got way Nutella sticks which I
just nearly dropped 11 towel and my
favorite thing in America which I wish
we had in the UK is the Minute Maid
lemonade which is not fizzy and I really
really like it so like lemonade little
Suzy
we're just ordering some check yeah but
I've already ordered a really unhealthy
grilled chicken sandwich I want to get
my thing before
I don't really want to get silly wax but
I want to get a bit more
Thanks
I say so
ready yeah what's coming this step right
there fella
it's not actually that cold if I go down
one more will it get my shorts where no
I'm just about okay really I'm just a
little sleep and don't love because put
sunglasses on it's literally with my
eyes are so really sorry are you looking
go come up to the Ariana so I'm going to
go pee before vision and then you are
she was like yeah so it was so happy
because I said this you what you see mom
she was me me guy but alphas just got me
out bed because I was sleepy in and
that's bad because I need to be a bitch
night and now we're just looking for the
guys because apparently they were out
here and I we can't find them and I'm
wearing my slippers
why not over United now yeah it feels
good reunited and it feels so good oh
it's like been reunite with your family
again okay family reunion
Italy is big family do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do I'm paying James's son so
dresses suck air hockey
now I'm not just saying this I'm not
blow my own trumpet I'm actually quite
good at air hockey aren't I happy
ready no game on
right
and Louise here uh and Alfie and I've
just ordered myself a delicious pizza I
can vouch for that
never never have an invite because now I
want it and that is where I'm gonna end
today's vlog so I will see you tomorrow
hold on I'm already Casper is wearing a
neck pillow as a headband slash noise
cancellation you look like that lady
from Wallace & Gromit
do it
