hello everybody I have not done a vlog
in so long
oh look this is my outfit you can see I
am wearing a playsuit and these shoes
tonight is a huge night for one of my
best friends Tanya burr she is launching
her nail polishes and lip glosses and
it's just super exciting we're all here
today to celebrate with her and it's
going to be awesome what I've decided to
do is to get a little secret message
from everybody put them all together so
that this can be a nice little surprise
for her to watch after the night's ended
just so she knows how much we all love
her oh yeah I'm so excited I'm nervous
and scared yeah Tom I'm very very proud
of you but incredibly off this and I'm
looking for to listen to your speech
tonight so now I'm good okay
done boss he's done my time I'm sorry is
going on here this is fighting from
tonight was I kidding
in making what I could be happy and I
reach out we're so excited for you the
products are composing we're so proud we
just may be coming I would see you I
used to say I'm so excited for your
release and this is very exciting be and
with blood of this chair election look
at me very proud of you we can't wait
hi Tanya cracking party my clear eye
color is this one thanks for inviting me
congratulations
we're so proud of you people that we're
really proud of you son
now bodies look gorgeous comments by
them well done
it--on I'm so proud of you like you're
my best friend and my sister I'm so
happy that I can be its celebrated of
you love you so much
hi Tania and congratulations we were
really proud of you
yeah really happy and proud Tania
this little mess
being is nice this is such a special and
exciting movie and I'm so happy to be on
it share it
of course I have to Bangladesh even if
you do it to me pass the ball Jim my
family my friends who is like the best
people in the world is Oracle watchful
thi yeah it's just I hope people have a
nice time I really hope to you but what
I always see people wearing afternoon
tea leaf drops and mini marshmallows in
the nails and yeah this has just been
such a dream of mine and anity an
amazing night I am so so proud of you I
feel like hold on the last kind of three
years
and it's not a letdown at all whatever
happens from here on in is doesn't
matter
really bad
so incredible it's an l1 instruction
everything's happy people I'm so so
proud amazing I'm so glad to be a part
of it well done Tonya we are so so so
proud of you try the luminosity love it
try the nail polish beautiful it's so
proud of you babe so jealous on a cap
you Tom
you're one of my bestest friends and as
you like to say I can't believe you've
come from Norwich I've come from new
path and we're friends and we're here
together and we're celebrating this
amazing thing that you've achieved I'm
very proud of you now I'm going to have
a bath and then you can join me wait I
love you mwah
Tonya Jane but the love of my life the
apple of my eye and all that I can't
live without you this is a big day for
you and me because I'm kind of a county
viola I am honestly so proud of you work
so hard for this
I love you more than I ever have done
ever and congratulations is a big day
let's celebrate
you
