good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 23 destroy 3:23 so i'm going
to office today but in a very quick
change of events the weather is not on
my side
basically Southwest which is where I
live and South East which is where Alfie
lives have really terrible weather today
like gale force winds and they've been
saying on the TV this morning do you
plan your journey plan your routes
carefully and they've even stopped some
of the trains from working so I'm a
little bit anxious to get on the road
and I have a mini and it's not a big
strong car so I'm actually having to
leave earlier than I originally planned
I'm not even told Alfie I'm just going
to turn up I've packed all my stuff and
what's the time quarter to ten so I've
been up a pact I've tidied I basically
haven't wrapped any of Alphaeus presents
yet so I'm gonna have to turn up to his
house and then wrap them um which isn't
good because he will probably try and
peek but that's what I was going to do
today but I've just figured I'd rather
get there safely and then wrapped them
in his house somewhere then do it now
and travel when it's really really bad
so I've packed up my stuff and I'm going
to go but because I'm there until
Christmas day and I'm not going back
here tomorrow to open the last day of
all the advent calendars I'm going to do
that now so the chocolate ones as you
can see I've eaten a lot more of the
Thornton's one then I have the Cadbury's
one so I think for now we'll leave that
until I get a bit peckish and I'll just
open all the others down to 24 although
I am kind of half tempted to see what 24
is is it one big chocolate mmm
ok maybe I'll just see this one yeah may
there's no mom
oh my goodness that is so view from
because it's in a case I don't have eat
it now yeah this is the body shop
calendar as you can see I would couple
of days behind on this one but this is
the stuff that I got in it on the
previous days
I've left up here so you guys can see
oops this is actually Tonya's
nail-polish she let me borrow it
Tarn I've gotten our polish yeah so
there's lots of really nice things this
looks so good
these are hard to see open the doors
open in lots of different directions one
of the lip balm these are the born
lippies I really like these highly
recommend I think this is the raspberry
flavor
yes 21 there it is oh I love these
chocolates and to the side these soaps
are lovely they've there's been three in
these so far let me smell it oh my god
smells amazing yesterday
another lip butter show you butter that
one nice 23 which is today shower cream
that sounds really nice I might have to
pack that with me as well
and 24 which is more oh wow with the
body butter it's a xie xie
butter shea butter shea butter and
that's that one done that was amazing
I love these advent calendar so much
thank you body shop this was awesome
then of course we had the benefit advent
calendar and this is what I've opened so
far some nice things in there there's a
little tiny professional a hula which is
my favorite bronzer just lots really
nice little bits and pieces and now I
will finish opening it this one who
lifts are used to AB
solutely love this stuff what the hell
I've got stain on my jumper I've just
washed this damn it
makeup gets everywhere pretty work coral
Easter lip gloss
nice twenty-two little bracelet a little
star bracelet that's quite cute 20300
dear a little bit um shut-in and
dandelion an old classic yay again thank
you benefit this is awesome I love
advent calendars like this because it's
so exciting and totally worth the money
because you can try out all the little
bits and pieces before you go out and
splash on the bigger ones so I think
it's perfect for someone that wants to
start getting into makeup and things
nice now you all know which one I've
left her last and that is my favorite
one of the month which is the Playmobil
one I established yesterday on FaceTime
with Darcy that she is gonna have all
the characters after I finished with
them I don't have any use for them and I
think she would find them extremely
exciting maybe she can even put them on
her Playmobil Ark with all the animals I
don't know but that's what we
established yesterday so let's go and
find out what the last two days are in
my box 23 is up here that's today oh
it's a ring Oh cute I think they've made
it so that it actually fits who ever
wants to wear it Darcy will love that
she likes wearing rings and number 24
this is a bigger I'm excited it's the
and all the bits and pieces I'm going to
put him together and then put him in the
scenery this is the finished scenery
guys you got some little birdies you've
got the dressing-table through there
with the rings on it and the perfume in
the hairbrush then you've got the King
and the little bridesmaid the little
thing of flowers cake tiny little bride
and groom on top of the cake which is
cute some money the bride looking ready
to get married the prince looking like
he's ready to marry her and now a little
horse yeah oh and Joe who's watching
from the side
the weather's really shitty but I'm
listening to Michael Buble and there's
Elsie's stalking in the back and let's
go to Brighton whoa only two hours and
52 minutes from now yeah I'm 15 minutes
down the road
I'm already sucking traffic which is
this makes it 28 a celebration of the
20th anniversary of the essential makes
I have made it to Brighton yeah I didn't
get blown over the road and the tree
didn't fall on my car so it's all good
and I am now going to go and meet Alfie
poppy and Sean in town and that's where
they are right now cuz otherwise I can't
get into their house which is kind of
bad in this weather if it was somewhere
I wouldn't mind save them the doorstep
but right now and were the rain is
really coming down and if you can hear
it and I'm going to take my umbrella but
is that a silly decision to make is an
umbrella a silly decision to make when
it's windy and rainy because it's fine
when it's just rainy when it's windy and
rainy
I mean I've not seen anyone with an
umbrella and I think that's because they
know that there's just no point because
they're either going to get sucked away
in the wind like Mary Poppins or they're
literally going to get their umbrella
destroyed so I don't know this is the
question I'm contemplating right now
it's a pretty strong umbrella but like I
said I've not seen one person with an
umbrella and I think there's a reason
for that
hello everybody we are back from town
when I say we I mean me an ow hey happy
hey hey he's not shaved in one massive
beard on
sounds like yo I look like you say I've
got massive beard on like you can take
it off a not again I can shave it off
I'm gonna shave it off in a minute I've
mentioned or two days ago and then I'm
kinda lazy so much oh I think I've ever
seen for me um we went shopping did a
few last minute bits and now I am back
and I did shopping for everybody I want
it for me
Alfie left everything to the last minute
as usual um I only had to pick up two
things so I've done that so I'm
literally all done I've wrapped all of
Alfie's presents here in the I'm excited
and we're just chillin now aren't we
yeah I've got my Christmas PJs on yo new
video
yeah uploading videos also my video last
night went down so well yeah crazy I I'm
so pleased you all liked it because it
took me days not just ours diz there was
a lot preparation involved and it did
actually take me days to edit yes more
than all this golf eh no I had to get
the small tiny tapes that you put into a
camcorder I was it wasn't even like I
wasn't even VHS it was actual camcorder
tape okay into DVD less of them into mp4
zambuta
then watch them then editor that was
hours and hours and hours but I am so
glad that it's all paid off and you all
enjoy it I will leave a link below um
thumbs up if you haven't already I want
to see how many we can get because so
far I think it's on 80,000 and I want to
see if we can like get get it over a
hundred but maybe maybe even more than
that just see how many we can get
because then that would be the best
Christmas present ever and I'm so glad
you enjoyed watching it because it's
going to be something that I always
like to go back to and watch as well
guys now he's fallen asleep so I'm gonna
end up VD of her so he say goodnight
haha and Isaac yeah thumbs up the video
till then I stop if you enjoyed it
comment down below saying Zoey's a
sleepy but if you're still watching and
I'm guessing oh boy if you see you
tomorrow bye guys
