welcome to vlogmas day 21 and here is my
breakfast hmm
this is one of my favorite things to eat
ever it's Greek honey yogurt with
raspberries and if I was to make it even
better I would have granola and I would
also have strawberries but we don't have
those so they're not on there also today
is the first day that the Christmas TV
starts and I know how lame that makes me
seem but well this to me just means that
it's officially Christmas time and I'm
going to the bar is that you never have
to use the whole thing all at once I'm
currently doing my makeup before filming
my video with Joe and I'm going to use
the Naked 3 palette yeah yeah it's so
beautiful so I have just got ready to
film video and just basically getting
ready for the day I like to put my hair
into plat when I've just washed it so
that when I take out like maybe 12 hours
later or a couple of hours later it's
all wavy and nice and it's just a nice
way of doing her without getting it and
you know keep putting heat on it um also
wanted to quickly show you this that I
received this morning well I don't know
where the other ones gone I've been
wearing it in my hair you might be aware
of the big red sparkly bow that I like
to wear in a lot of my videos especially
around Christmas time and they're
actually made by my friend Georgie um
and her shop is click bow X 0 X 0 and
she makes really cute little handmade
accessories and she makes these glitter
bows and I absolutely love him so if you
want to get your hands on some I will
leave a link in the description box
because they're just amazing and thank
you so much Georgie for sending me these
I absolutely love them we can put one in
your hair Joe yay what is that yeah
Walter this is really good partly so
thank you so much Georgie
and I really liked your Christmas card
ask as you can see I'm wearing the most
garish Christmas jumper in the world do
you like it garish me it means like
really out there and a bit tacky
it's um this washer Isis mother see
nails but my new little color and are
you ready to film so ready don't look
ready
my you don't look Christmassy I'm gonna
 find my good Christmas jumper
okay so we're gonna go film now now we
are off to my grandparents to see my mum
and my nan and my granddad and have like
an early Christmas I'm just going to
keep this jumper on because I feel
really festive why not
I got exciting syphilis ah-choo strong
thank you
you get excited by snatching straw joke
don't make a mess with it stop these
wretched new cabinetry like John blog
it's called ruff ruff what's it called
when this when this faux finish you guys
tell me properly I mean no no I don't
care just put it back in the bag now I
wanted to show you I've wrapped up their
presents because I like wrapping
presents I get really into it so that is
for mine am that's for my mum that's my
mum and that is for my granddad and I'm
gonna put them in this little hohoho bag
to take over cuz I call I was quite cute
look at the sunset guys wear this that
looks crazy
it's like pinky orange I feel so cozy
with this on I feel like a little Eskimo
may I go Enzo we're off to an island
granddad's house I always feel really
Christmas in Alexander's house if you
watch the video that I'm gonna put up on
my main channel today as you're watching
this then you'll see that my Nana
grünberg we see a house along that's it
why can't I blog anymore blog missus
destroyed me Lock buzzes destroyed me
guys it destroyed my camera and it's
destroyed me I just say what joke this
is the time of year do I'm game with
that it's the time of year for what
third seeing your family and friends
having a great time get marry
responsibly happy
we're in Joe's car it makes me go away
short vlog this morning talking in my
car I could take my card in secret vlog
in my car you can't even fight good
night oh hey also in my video yesterday
Joe's car the seatbelt doesn't really
come up very like it looks like the
seat but should come from here doesn't
it but it comes from like here and
everyone was like you're not wearing
your seatbelt and I was like I am you
just can't see it that goes right down
here I always wear my seatbelt it's cold
why can't Christmas be oh baby it's cold
outside some magical way I'd say from
now on every Christmas we have I'm gonna
go to a hot country for Christmas I
don't care about the family stuff you
just said Christmas is about family
yeah seeing your family and friends
having a great time now
so if you live in Australia or New
Zealand then I'm coming to live with you
for Christmas just saying I'm pretty
sure we said this lush no but I mean in
the shape la grande dance like you don't
need to do your hair looks fine hello
this is my grandad my Nan's a bit too
shy so she doesn't want to be able did
you see young on my dad what did you do
oh now you would flog him on his iPad
oh you're locking your iPad oh yeah
whoa my guns I'd like to FaceTime me you
FaceTime you while I was interviewing
fun cotton yeah you know yeah it looks
nice I like the Christmas tree boys
because it the other ones too tall we've
taken the bottom line are you taking the
bottom bit off of it
it looks pretty I like the little retro
decorations like this little guy how old
do you reckon that fairy is telling us
Oh years old truck monsters from the 70s
probably key I remember a wall Steiff is
that brans goddess yeah German teddy
bear that's expensive your Steiff is a
very soft hair nicely straightened
grandad you're looking a little
different off this Joe well give a day
my friend chip daddy Jamie he posted on
Instagram a picture of Michael bublé's
album and there's a picture of it rien
titled Michael boot it said of my beauty
Christmas it's called Michael Buble
farting on present his face he did like
he's squeezing one out than that yeah my
mum's arrived she waves like a crazy
person
my grandad has actually got Instagram
he's grandad chippy go and follow him
but be nice this is a second picture of
his me
richy's liked himself as well let's have
a look this one's a nice one this is me
Joe
I'm wick Ram dad what's this one Oh some
flowers thank you
so we've just got our presents from my
mum and my grandparents and look we've
still got sacks do I know I smell our
girls this is why I now smell like oh
that looks like a little something from
Harry Potter and the Goblet fire Goblet
of Fire
I can't get out there yeah this is what
I'm gonna smell like from now on so just
spread on your pillows when you get home
you should have won that in Dubai Joe
Ashworth upon the way the bar
moisturizing face mask monstrous hack
moisturizing face mask and a foot pack
oh that's why I need deep moisturizing
foot pack we've got our shower caps what
a room to actually cut here any Joe it's
like an air freshener for your bedroom
that's on you this isn't gonna fit
no it's for your car your coffee the
exact same time here in San Jacinto
condo thank you you're very welcome
that's so nice
Oh hugs pointer you can put all your
presents in it yeah that's a good idea
yes very practical yourself oh just a
friend
Oh
ever yeah thank you very much I suppose
for you our fee for my name is I'm glad
I hated it look at leas kilo slipper
boots so cozy this is a picture of four
generations you can't really see me
because I'm fading into my great
grandma's dress but I'm sat there and
then there's my mummy
then my mummys mummy and then my mummies
mummies mummy all wearing lovely floral
patterns that's me as a baby this is me
on the right as a baby and my mum on the
left is baby my mum is basically a
cannonball this is my great man and
great granddad that's my granddad my
uncle and my man thank you that was
lovely wasn't it Joan yeah it was we
listened we also listened to a tape that
our great granddad granddad had recorded
onto a cassette that was born to a team
onto a CD and it was a pop member who
helped the relation would be to me but I
think it was their grandchild but not
so my dad was there auntie confusing and
they'd interviewed them about the world
war and it was really funny to listen to
and what I didn't know is that my
great-grandma who I did meet big puddles
who I did actually meet and know who
will have been in some of the
photographs I'd die film previously she
was in the world war and my great
granddad was a firefighter and she was
in a hotel and a floral native she was
working in the hotel and a bomb landed
on the hotel and so she was in the
building and the bomb came down all
around her and it was actually her
husband my great granddad who rescued
her which was cute I think allows
realized stories I don't know that and a
great grand it was a boxer and he was
books at Annie released a single he was
like well I'm gonna be in the future
this is very sickly so that was really
nice and you got some that looks like an
early Christmas it was really fun so now
we're heading back and to be honest I'm
so tired maybe to do long all right go
to bed you're like an even swap I know
this is my blog missus hard for me
because I don't stay up but like 10 p.m.
