good morning everybody it's Wednesday
the 18th of October and the reason that
I know that so very well is because it
is Mark's birthday today
hence the decoration in the background
it's Mark's birthday and he is coming
over this afternoon and we're gonna have
a really fun evening plan is he's going
to come here and I think we'll probably
have like a couple of nibbles and poppy
and Shawn are coming here as well and
then we're going to head to Tully's
because we weren't really planning on
like a big group going to Tony's this
year like I hadn't reached out to
anybody
oh hello Missy but mark really wants to
go for his birthday so it's only a slot
just like a small collection collection
there just a small collection of us just
a small group and we're all going for
Mark's birthday and he's so excited
because last year was the first year
yeah talk last year was the first year
that he actually came so for him it's
still like super super exciting to go
and obviously we love it too Hey look at
this I bought this yesterday at home
senses puppy it's a little fox let me
put the hood on there we go she's so
cute it ok we'll fold it back now so
I've pretty much spent this whole
morning wrapping presents and kind of
decorating his bedroom that he stays in
when he comes the only thing I haven't
really had time for this morning is to
do anything with my hair so I've just
blow-dried it and like left it and we
also haven't been to Tesco yet we wanted
to get lots of like nibbly bits of food
and we also want to get him a birthday
cake
so I think that is probably what we're
gonna do now Alfie is feeling a lot
better today thank goodness because he
was really worried that he wasn't gonna
be able to like join in like the
birthday fun or come to Tully's but
fingers crossed he's gonna feel ok he's
definitely a lot more perky this morning
so that's good guys we also have our ger
on now
we're officially like this is so hot to
touch and like these are so hot and now
I need to learn how to use it I feel
like a proper homeowner now we've been
able to turn this on and it makes the
kitchen so warm definitely gonna be
knowledge new warm spot but yeah any our
experts have any tips for a first-time
argue user I would be very appreciative
because now we can start using it and I
am actually really excited to use it I
already have I have two books I think I
have the Mary Barry auger book um do i
yes I have the Mary Valerie and Lucy
young Complete Saga book and I also have
the ARCA Bible by Amy Willick so I'm
gonna give those a little flick through
when I bought them which was probably
like a year ago because we knew we were
going to have this before we moved in I
I did have a quick flick through but
that was mostly just because I was so
desperate to get in this house and use
it that I was like I'm going to learn
now but I don't remember anything but I
read about so I do need to get those
back out and give them a read I think
you ready for test girl how you feelin
you're looking so much better
I've got BB cream on last year yeah but
you still just look more fresh know how
I look I think I need some food yeah
listen actually food pasta another man
you ever not feed for like 24 over 24
hours now you had this a toast
come on then cuz marks gonna be here in
half an hour
literally thirty ominous some waffles
reading my blog as well you're staying
here Missy Nome my little fox - she kind
of looks like a cross between a fox and
a pirate come on
we are currently rushing through Tesco
now feels like why are you vlogging like
I'm not even thinking about it we're
just like chucking things in the trolley
oh my god elf you look how many
profiteroles are in this should we get
those for later look
oh now they've got a really good
selection of cakes in here which one do
we think mark would like oh my God look
at the red velvet look at the gold
shimmer chocolate cake this could happen
triple layer chocolate he does like
which one princess tiara cake that one
that's previous oh my got a shopkins
shopkins are everywhere if I'm honest I
think like something like look at this
cookies and cream one with the four
layers that looks cool
it depends do you know what flavor cake
lights because for me I or just
traditional like you know just yeah we
bought him that last oh no we didn't we
got in my toffee one last time I failed
a milkshake mush up cupcake
I feel like we want my dad that one that
was actually delicious
he likes white chocolate and raspberry
but they don't have any wait we're going
for this one because we think this looks
so delicious
it's it's a chocolate shimmer cage well
what's it got in it chocolate sauce
filled with frosted Belgian chocolate
ganache and excellently hand decorated
golden chocolate pieces mmm that sounds
great we're done I don't even know what
the time is I'm too scared to look he's
probably out how it's like hello PA come
on go into your room all service area
now fees may be ethical they're cameras
on me
no there's not I promised you would not
do that on your birthday any other day
just not your birthday doesn't it oh
great
which one you go for first I think
you'll like this really yeah she's so
exciting this really it's like she knows
you're it's your birthday you don't open
it with me happy birthday happy birthday
I got stuck in my head now
so that those masks are like my face
it's really good
Pierre Thomas Roth pH almost read
Brittany Thomas thank you I feel like
I'm the easiest person to get you
actually are I have to say you really
are there it's a cool light bulb my god
isn't it sick yeah I thought I'd look
nice in your flat yeah I've been able to
use it yet chocolate raspberry flavor I
need to be reminded about how to use my
Cartier because I don't have to do that
it's an it cool it doesn't come off yeah
oh you go to office because of my nails
yeah and also because it's got this in
my kitchen because it's got white and
red it's like Halloween II as well I
thought oh so it can be mounted or free
standing oh thank you so right what's
this big boy hopefully you haven't
already bought one of these if you have
if you have we can take it back
did you actually honestly oh my god no
this is amazing do you know you're just
really excited I'm really excited inside
the card for any of you that don't know
it says babes
how'd you fancy going to see Harry
Styles we love you
oh my god as I can really read no you
haven't
I feel like you're in shock they can't
come out anyway I've got no emotion
I've got no feelings mark still swearing
I'm so in shock you know me I'm quite a
bloody TV advert but I'm just so shocked
well I've never felt shot like it I
would write happy shop
it was think it in like three hours I'll
be flying around Sully's happy birthday
happy Shaun your birthday is in January
when's mine we're all getting ready to
go to Tully's we've got like hoodies on
I know he doesn't know yes I'm really
nervous I get nervous every time because
it's like a scare farm you know it's
like 10-minute mazes in the dark you
don't know what's gonna happen it's like
the worst things for my anxiety but it's
fun once you're in there come on Shaun
what is that it's a 2013 when selfies
birthday I don't know September 12 oh my
god Shaun how can you not know brain
doesn't know mom when's my birthday
no wait it's 20
papi when's my birthday
no did you know to an eighth of March
28th 29th of May 28th January the Oh
actually I don't know January the first
year
no there isn't right Hansen yeah ready
for a thumb on my fire looks stunning
oh I like your PJs mark do you think
it's a bit much
no I think it's just perfect can we
still be my friend
hey you my fraud and toads if I'm gonna
take over right now trying to see day
yeah for my China
was it cold Popish mais calm space yeah
every day with a Zed Nala your right
hand
happy birthday
Wow wish will you do make a wish
I take my time on there thank you I mean
oh yeah no worries
you got this Oh Alex good chocolate
we've prepared a little evening snack of
camembert bread her mustn't dip olives
and all the crudit√© you could ever want
hmm Marx is telling me all his
highlights from the day so I wrapped a
present that's all he said can you
believe cheesy biscuits yes papa Shawn
coming over Tally's escape rooms fun
nachos camembert Casper
vagina and penis talk oh yeah we talked
about vaginas and penises for a while
we're watching Casper at marks request
oh love it I know she just hasn't aged I
forgot to mention actually Mark just
said escape room basically we were at
Tully's and it was amazing and we did
all the mazes which one was your
favorite maze my always
chop-chop-chop-chop I feel like it was
scarier this year yeah then two men at
the end I did not look up which is the
one where you shouldered me chop shop no
you had you hit your head on the wall no
that was your shoulder no that was the
wall you hit your head on the wall oh
maybe but then in the one before that I
hit my head on your shoulder
oh I can't remember that I basically
didn't look up in chop shop I think chop
shop scares me because I think that they
might accidentally get my face with the
chainsaw or into that yeah like what if
I move too quickly and then they get me
and they don't mean to do you not I mean
like so that's good my famous rims
around that they do but then it's a
chunk of metal like if it came at you at
the wrong direction it would hurt I mean
they probably know what they're doing
but still and then we did an escape room
at tulley's and it was so sick I've
never done an escape room before I'd
sort heard about them but I don't feel
like many people talk about escape rooms
considering how many there are in the UK
yes I can hidden a Chanel and I also
just thought that they were like empty
black rooms that you had to find a key
to get out of I just didn't really yeah
think too much about what they were and
the thought of doing an escape room was
quite terrifying because it just makes
me think of being trapped in a room so I
was immediately like oh I don't know if
I'm gonna be able to do this but it was
so good because you have to use like
your brain and you have to like come
together as a team and try and solve all
these puzzles to be able to get out and
we took it really seriously yeah
and we all brought something to the
table which was good great teamwork and
we managed to get out with 8 minutes to
spare yeah I love there really we beat
it which was good but yeah what a fun
day
that's birthday some of the balloons
popped in your room earlier and I'll run
downstairs and refuse to go back up oh
it really scared oh my god imagine if
one pops in the middle of the night I
love who are no new fleecy Dubai I look
like I've been dragged through a hedge
backwards quite frankly I hate ride hey
can we just take a minute he walked
downstairs this morning like this and I
shat myself
look it's now was the day Thursday 99213
day the 19th and myself and Mark have
been up for around an hour mark had a
coffee we're now drinking a peppermint
tea we're also watching the Chamber of
Secrets Harry Potter and the Chamber of
Secrets not just the normal version
oh no we're watching the extended
version about miss Alden which is nearly
three hours long so what a lovely start
to Thursday Cheers
yes yes I did good tidings well she wall
I love how their voices great halfway
through the film when you do that your
hand looks like you know an ET when he
reaches out to the M&Ms yeah that's what
your hand looks like I like Pan's
Labyrinth music I have to say the music
in the first two films is ah yeah just
my fav I spoke to on me okay I'll Drive
it it looks yellow as well I would
really love to know if you're watching
this which I'm sure some of you are if
you're watching this oh it's early let
me know what your favorite Harry Potter
film is I'd really like to know I think
one or two is my face okay definitely -
yeah because I feel like they're a
little bit more comfortable they know
their way around yeah lines not too dark
yeah it's all very excited a depression
out on Twitter the other day most people
like oh we are I liked it better when it
gets all dark really was about for me
you only read the first couple of books
in yeah I am reading the works there's
books I mean to be fair my favorite is
Chamber of Secrets but also I do love
the last one the final one yeah the last
one what - a long putt - oh okay just
cuz it has all the fields yeah it says
yeah you might be thinking Zoey you
didn't like you got ready for the day
but what the hell are you wearing
well me and Mark just filmed a video but
it's not the sort of video that you
might expect it was at the Halloween
haul but in it we both bought each other
an outfit and we didn't see what the
other one had bought we both bought the
same blood the outfit so we just wore
this in mark's video awareness in my
video as well yeah difficult
Bank I think we get used to it so funny
oh my god we actually should now we are
going to eat a smash burger it's my new
obsession it had to be done
Alfie went into town to grab a few bits
to wear tonight because we're going to
Tanya's Tanya's Christmas book meal
she's throwing a little meal for lots of
her friends to celebrate the launch of
her new book which looks absolutely
freakin incredible incredible so now if
you wanted to buy something to wear to
that and whilst he was there he was like
do you guys want anything
for lunch from town and I was like I
kind of want a smash burger not going to
lie and the boy did good he brought me
back and marked back a smash burger
so here the chaps chap time to film what
could it possibly be I don't know
we finished our baking video it was
quite stressful I feel like I need to
have another shower I'm gonna give you a
little sneak peek because this video is
going to be going up on Sunday so you
don't have to wait too long to see it
anyway but look these are our cupcakes
this one in particular is my favorite I
am all ready to go I'm just gonna show
you what I'm wearing in the mirror
although I haven't got my boots on
because I'm going to be driving to
London so I wonder where comfy shoes for
the majority of the drive and then when
I actually get there I'll put like my
nice boots on I'm going for this Vera
Moda dress because it's dinner
encourages so it's like fairly smart you
might have seen this in my autumn
lookbook and then it's all like floaty
and then I have like my high boots on
and then I've got my Gucci black bag I
feel like this might be a Pandora the
ring that popping Sean bought me which
is the round one and
got my Cartier ring that Alfie bought me
this necklace I don't remember the brand
of this but I got this in the Charlotte
Tilbury Christmas press release and it
is so pretty
so I have this on as well if any of you
know what this is leave it in the
comments for other people but I totally
forgotten the brand and then I have on
the colour-pop I'm gonna get it out so
that I don't forget it's the color pop
matte slip in
Moondancer it's very very pretty and
then the boots that I'm gonna wear our
faith boots I've actually had them for
quite a while let me show you them you
all done you look so small it's these
and they are fake I just really love the
color and I love the like acrylic
marbling heel so I'm gonna wet though
let me see what you wearing
okay what's your name where'd you come
from okay could you tell me where'd you
get your shirt
so this risque yeah if you look very
close you can see oh you can't see
nipple I know it hides it very well yeah
it's lace off yeah
velvet trousers oh my love so much oh
yeah love them and Susan's where are
they from anything I sauce well there
you go
and it's can you look about as well Oh
perfect you look fab thank you and we're
just waiting on Alfie although he looks
- a - very dashing so I'm excited to
show you his outfit not about you're
gonna come outside we should probably
take her out to the toilet before we
leave so don't come back do a poop on
the floor coming in since we are heading
out to celebrate Tom's new book I
thought I would show you it look how
cool this is she's got my name on it
make bake and celebrate now you guys
know how obsessed I am with Christmas so
the fact that tan has done this has
excited me beyond for the
oh she's got a little finger Zoey thank
you so much for all your love and
support this year I wanted you to be one
of the very first people to have a copy
of my brand new book Tonya's Christmas
it's a special personalized copy which I
hope will make this time of year even
more magical Merry Christmas love Tanya
thanks T oh my oh look how cute she
looks so you guys this is tans book with
everything at Christmas what to bake
what to make what to do for hair and
makeup
there's loads in here outfits drinks oh
she looks lovely in this picture tan I
love this picture of you you look
beautiful I also love that jumper so
cute that was a picture of me and Dawn I
don't think I will ever grow out of
sleepovers Zoey and I love to go to each
other's houses get a big tin of
Christmas chocolates and watch a film we
have a tradition of buying each other
Christmas pajamas every year and they
usually have Robins on she's not lying
I'm already on the hunt for our Robin
pajamas Tom if you guys want to get
yourself a copy of this which I highly
highly suggest you do if you want to be
the best at Christmas then there will be
a link in the description box where you
could go on over and get it well done
tom I'm gonna sit down properly with
like a cup of tea and read it you
bringing me new look so dishy Alfie
deyes like I think this outfit on you is
like my favorite album you look so hot I
fancy so large you have to agree Alfie
just gets dish year and dish year every
year and I feel like I look more and
more like a slug every year slug yeah
you get better looking and I get worse
looking what's it gonna be like in five
years time
I'm leaving mark I love it now I really
want to take a picture of us in this
mirror together look up mark coming up
the stairs without going on the carpet
it's kind of creepy not gonna lie
you look terrifying here hey swing those
Cubans you're very bendy really you're
really busy mate you can't walk on the
carpet or are these the fishes you want
to Tully's are you well filming dummy
no I'm little cooing chewing gum please
a little goo goo boo okay thanks I'll
give you a change thank you waiter now
the first stop on our journey is because
oh you're right because we don't have
any and trying to get petrol in London's
bit scary so we're gonna fill up now and
then we're gonna have to do it later
you just wanna turn turn you don't want
my hard doesn't I'll feed you sick so
sick tonight he really does I just think
he gets better-looking every day I
always say that to him when you've been
with someone for this long you think
that you might start to not fancy them
as much as the days go so go on but life
axiom more every day I hope he feels the
same way about me I'm sure she'll ask
him
yeah
more you said just wondering what do you
fancy me more and more every day because
I fancy you more and more every day
except tonight we can't do it
why do you yeah I do you say I don't
know
mark the DJ I've just put in a request
that's made both of them go bloody
because what was the song that you said
a minute ago that you were playing clg's
yeah see ya and now next song no sorry
no I let you have it I can sing it for
you oh no no no I can't on the spot I
know the course and all what is that
somewhere over the rainbow yeah what's
the next bet way up high
yeah dreams come true so I dream eggs
I wonder if I do have Halloween star I
bet it does
Wow
you know mark has seen out all the green
yeah that is the face I made you should
empower exactly it was going so well
so well yesterday we've pre-plan we
planned a day of watching them we were
doing so well although I've seen I can't
be friends with people you watch and
enjoy horror Phyllis is recovering all
but you're still friends of May yeah
exactly
it's fine no tanya is my idol along
whether teachers as well also here but
this isn't you know one of the best
advice I've ever given was from Tom and
in my book simply dream big it's all
about kind of forget not thinking about
how things won't work out but I just
driving and they turn
has arrived
I was like just behind me there's a
lorry coming so I just start the
we're leaving with some cookies and a
book and a donor oh where is he I'm not
coming okay
