hi it's day two and I don't you really
think day one ended with anything I'm
here with Casper Casper looks disarmed
any cameras in this place I'm kidding
hello and alfea's here just honoring my
mummy ah
mummy's boy the new boy and this is what
I'm wearing today and if you care or
want to know it's like a little hombre
dress and the boys are wearing some Cruz
always loads so yeah I'm a bit excited
because I've just watched this and it
was the new generation 1d live show and
I was in it and yeah that was cool so
they watched my video so I love your
hairstyles by to quickly show you this
look at this so nice mmm
there's Casper that's not so nice I'm
joke in this cuz my Harry stars those
who you are oh look at Jim and flow
right back there yeah I'm doing Oh
luckily you know he just gave me some
salad
that's right really exciting exciting me
get away they say what they gonna say
have a dream
Oh should we jump in yes you go far my
god I don't even want to put my camera
over the edge it's very great looks
right now yeah it's so pretty you jump
first that I'll jump in okay let's go
right
that's why and where we go now generally
drastic I think it's a wall rides on the
buckle over actually like a bit heavy so
excited for that
oh okay for it okay boy there's a lot of
people with us now I know we all found
each other finally yeah I know I'm here
Oh
people cheering for us right we're not
actually going to go on me and Sonya and
Ingrid we're not going to go but because
we don't want to get yeah I kind of want
you to get a tan today on this part you
decided to come and watch from afar
oh my gosh look they're so wet you know
guys are gonna be laughing when they are
not with those oh my god how'd you go on
Wow coffee let's discuss our a truck
before oh my god
I know in front of me like split right
when it happened yeah somebody's made it
do I look good I so look at this dinner
table yes just looks like someone's
found you a little bit about me I'm
ready to look at it look at this
we look very relaxed just chilling there
it's my stage news loving life here at
Hogwarts American gee we're about to go
into Harry Potter ball this is a door
everybody where does it lead so that's
the question and you need to learn
wonder they're everywhere just come out
of there everyone's King brother to me
the name identify want one let me try
one
Butterbean Tanya what's yours
well Jimmy just gave me his privileges
like heaven are you gonna get one yeah
Tony is trying but to bear I didn't
really like it I think it's too safely
for me everyone know
Maggie's left lodges oh yeah guys in
there but it's not there yes ginger
tybone and he wanted no in there after
awarding some massive money
thank you thank you
yeah
we did
we always talk at the same time picture
this one because if you like it this is
a delicate one
I'm going asking in China doesn't want a
one will we did what will we do with the
ones I have that I'm checking out
because I have a little big enough to
have stuff I don't using it like how do
you will but you will use the one I
guess because I really like them you new
lighting yeah saving the world then I
guess I would use yeah maybe yeah
let me and Tom are now outside honey do
my favorite Am I
favorite my tummy we're not my team as
you know one of my website is Islam and
this is me with diapers on guys
now in honeydukes sweet shop I want to
buy this oh my gosh we have to get Tanya
we have to get these ramen ever size
every flavor beans okay we're leaving
now these gopis came to do some fun they
understand food yeah yeah
and we're going back to relaxing and the
to you because it's really hot and hot
Jacuzzi sounds like a good idea right on
yeah we're not really right people who
both forget very unchic actions and
that's not a good mixture with my
acceleration like nothing Sammy's a
hobby car oh yeah yeah we came you just
see Harry Potter world wait wait I wish
I could rent a car is so cool if it will
just say goodbye goodbye Harry Potter
land some people think on your mental
having 15 pass the other alright so I've
had the best day
sadly this is where my vlog ends because
I'm rubbish at vlogging and also because
I think after this we went home ate and
fell asleep because of the immense jet
lag that we had but don't forget to
subscribe below to see all the days of
mine Florida I've already got day one up
so go have a little watch of that and I
will see you very soon goodbye
