7a I'm wicked up in the morning delegate
I gotta go downstairs go go have cereal
we got one minute two seven one minute
like that
it's Friday gotta get down on Friday
it's not about Saturday now morning 7:00
a.m. on Friday and it is vlogmas day 13
Friday the 13th in fact which is if
you're superstitious a very
superstitious day the best lives of life
at best day to fly a plane and we're
leaving two by 7:00 a.m. and we are now
saying goodbye to the hotel goodbye
hotel
goodbye room goodbye goodbye view of the
sea we're not going to see you for a
while no let's go you know Jim sleepy
you
don't move
feel good now yeah pinin betcha village
sleepy that's just what happened that's
a faulty part of your day has it
happened very long time new I think your
place has no earthquakes but you did
come from local in the air big one yeah
the plates not that yeah I think that's
I think it was because my time is better
more frequent no I probably would not
have them more frequent game well you
could just knock them at oh yeah let you
guys know I haven't filmed in there
focuses on and she'll accept me now if
you did get driven in there yeah we got
to go yeah we've got to go in the car
from the golf carts we have to walk
anywhere with there's always the outset
they were like doing a genetic that I
don't have to go to medic oh it's going
rejection what matches and they could
just injection stop but you do ha would
you well anyways from the plane now
you're feeling better
Oh
our luggage
you
comfy j-just stop by the door without me
go straight
yeah that's free thing put it back up
you can be their own message have to do
enough come
my stick what she did
we're hey you know what I'm not done in
a long time let's open my calendar okay
so we got up to day 607 to lingerie boom
a tiara boom a little girl don't you
match up in a little girl's dress
number 10 Oh spa the Rings the Rings a
very important part and she's getting
married isn't she - the prince just
number 11 well we don't know yet another
friends don't be it
boy Harriet that's the king there's a
French inspire that's a badger what's
this I spy it looks like a basket of
roses
why wait he's the Prince found him ha ha
ha ha ha ha very funny
there's the king look he's cool today go
enjoy your now I'm gonna put all these
together and show you what it all is
right yay now I've completed whatever it
is I just got you the last things I
filmed was looking at calendar I just
looked back after did you know she's
currently asleep next to me in bed so
I've got to be quite quiet but I just
thought I'd in the video for her she'd
fallen asleep because in Dubai it would
probably be like 1 or 2 o'clock in the
morning right now so she's fast asleep
um yeah so thanks for watching guys
whimpers thumbs up and with a nice staff
and she will be talking to you again
tomorrow morning all right
this missions rights huh
okay way this met some Misha free
cuttlefish rests and zombies what did
you say
can we do frogs one rotten log one day
well ma well I'm all the time to do is
just its vlogs instead of its
ih1 dates for because I thought we do do
vlogs gorgeous every single day
