hello oh hi there fancy seeing you here
I like the little group of your head
there we've had a bun on her head so
she's found this snowed which sits
comfortably over the bun yeah like a
cone but as I've never seen the film the
cone heads
I hope so otherwise can you go current
we are just about to go to Flair's house
and Darcy's just waiting to go outside
and it's snowing
don't worry oh she's got the keys
hello teas yeah let's go my car is a
little covered um okay let's attempt to
get all this off got snow in my hands
now heads no head no heads
let's go maybe wipe that off your face
Darcy's just had her first profiterole
profiterole my feature rolls profiterole
and she wants the comics to wear that
that's her review it's not your review
she said mouse blowing out nerves where
it flares I forgot to say here is fur to
magical transportation man is snowing I
don't think you gonna gonna get home
though guys I'm afraid we're stuck here
forever and Elsa you will have to cancel
your eye appointment and take us home in
your big van in my truck
your trip pledge drives a tractor also
see you every day
I guess I live in the country driving a
tracker oh my god I really would like to
drive a tractor I've driven a tractor on
the tracks I have a dream my life sir
excuse me I have my dad's password
it's called Valerie and I'm triphala
it's called Valerie I combine harvester
lovely she's cute isn't she she's like
to face she's you see how she's got
ginger on one side yeah I'm gonna
straight down the middle
oh yeah for one her other one is mostly
friendly fleurs worried but she doesn't
have any makeup on but your skin looks
beautiful without makeup fans love
glowing glow about I don't start any of
those
oh nice does a cat make what does a cat
what does a cat say yeah all the snow
got a bit much for Darcy I'm Erin did
today and I Tanya bear I'm going to do
some getting shopping College in fear I
know I'm talking for free around and
take you along with me today it's really
nice and thick and I'll be straight I
straightened it today I don't normally
enjoy it looks good oh hi Jim
welcome sure welcome to 100 yeah it's
got a pink lemonade here the question is
now needs a drink English I also comes
in a very good I have pink lemonade with
ice cream Jim didn't go for that yeah
Jeff did go to the ice on the phone
right yeah someone asked kids and I
quickly grabbed it because it's just
like super sweet any guys we'd look at
that frog stuff on top of it oh it's
delicious
and this is Talia's live cow in famous
how I made this you should put a little
bit on your nose I need to not only bear
buddy here so we are currently I'm just
blogging Tonya you're in case you think
I'm talking to myself
we're currently done is naked and we're
in a finger even a shot and we're just
trying on some outfits because time is
looking for a nice dress and I was just
you know trying on things that looked
nice and and here's some things that we
tried on they look very black and gray
and monochrome and so hot in this shop
and that's always bug you in this
cupboard this is like my people don't
have days our food HR food there's a
glitch in the matrix do you know that I
know did you watch The Matrix films if
you want to make thistles and understand
that my friends comment below that's a
glitch
let's go checking on me the dark alley
oh there she comes
hi thank you this is Zoey's Hey
here are the things I'm just about open
from you guys look so key this one has a
Christmas stamp maybe it got lost along
the way at Christmas and this one oh my
gosh this is amazing what is smell it it
looks like soap for your bar look away
my through star open it yeah I smell it
look at Jim it wants to get in did I get
anything I'm filming now so excuse it if
the phone is really bad we can see
what's on this is so pretty
it's much everybody
not a good person bully I came to I hope
you have been really cute oh my god is
so cute
Megan Mike and major Meghan I love the
name Megan yes I got 2003 thanks to me
engine some we're getting the makeups
for me that the toy is for Jim generator
whoo oh let me guess hold on that is the
one that does disco talk what is his
name not as well
disco talking transformers like jazz no
negative disco talk addressing what
could this guy talk
I don't know neutral Megatron a body
he's not the head baddie you have no
idea how I love left army my god
this is so exciting for so II thought
you might need to know Chinese before
you go to Florida happy birthday Zoila
it's all so thoughtful
okay we have just arrived this is like
double vlogging is my yeah he's too over
this department is probably the most
flattering shortcut
I don't know if you can hear me Amy yeah
check her we have the world's largest
burgers here Marcus we just demonstrate
there's no map said I then you can do
this for me three octo I just put it all
in you'll be able to your muscles and
let me out of here Marcus Butler Caspar
Lee where am i not going today and Alfie
Dave I just want to take you anywhere
that you like you don't have a pen
baby I'll take you there take Euler have
been careful that's a lovely little done
we're currently in Nando's my statement
ever I do and st. Victor's from
accessorise I wasn't sure if it was a
bit like
I was for my team I think that a lot of
people would take note of that
I like this book balloons everywhere
when you speak father you don't um
happen did you still aisle I'm not happy
he's just like I'm just so unhappy
Wow ago look listen shut oh you knob
French okay so what do you think all
right now
