what days it's office day nine Mustain
la me enter on our hands morning with no
makeup on our faces with my politics
until you look fine we've just woken up
it's really quite early and we're in
this spot today because we're going to
get some facials which is nice that
should be in film for dynamic so you can
see the facials being done over there
but I'll just do a little light glow so
I would show you around because I
haven't yet it's amazing and I'm really
really excited
oh
yeah yeah
it's a themed experience yeah it's
already packaging the license so nice
no he's nice of electrons that so cool
this is the private royal spa - oh nice
private jacuzzi so cool very romantic
clustering yeah Tyson
now she got look lights coming over back
okay working and we need time to setup
facials your face oh no Peter it feels
nice and and you can see that on the day
you mix channel and now I'm lovely I
don't think my nails I've ever looked
this good they just look really nice and
really healthy I don't spend any time on
my nails I'm really really bad for my
nails so this makes me want to do more
with them hi guys so I'm sorry that I
haven't really filmed a lot today it's
just been an action-packed day I'm
worried that my boobs are hanging up
this top hangs really low um we've been
filming all morning I've now just got
ready to go through them again um and
yeah I'm just waiting for Lucy to come
get me and I've straightened my hair
which we don't do very often it's quite
long in it my hair don't ever really
think of it as that long when it's all
tied up but then when it's not it's
actually quite long we are filming a
fashion lookbook now me Tanya and Ruth
and that will be going up a daily mix
and yeah I've put together some of my
favorite outfits so I hope that you like
it and don't forget to go over there and
check them out if you want to see them I
also have to edit yesterday's vlog and
the video that failed yesterday and I
haven't had time to do it today so I
hope I get some time later on to do that
for you guys but on a happy note I love
to buy and I love being here and it's
really nice it doesn't feel like
December it doesn't feel like vlogmas
anymore so I mean I'm kind of looking
forward to going back home so it's like
more Christmassy even though it's so
cold and I hate the cold but I love it
here with the sea and the Sun and the
sand just amazing love you too bye
actually filming
you sweep and escape if you're cutting
from like whistle blow the Kardashian
stayed here once really want to take you
guys on a tour of this place so that's
good
this is that room that was in it's like
a little dressing table section of
wardrobe hurry
crap that's like bigger than my bedroom
separate wheeler separate shower
this is just the cash off better with
the amazing view and what's in here
another toilet oh this is just a little
a little ooh so little one you dig and
I'm guessing this is the game is brewing
slush bar then you
don't deter how higher ceilings are jeez
Tom doing some filming outline look if
you were game of chess if you can see
those pieces are pretty small is where
Cardassians would have eaten that dinner
and rattle Angelina look at that it's
only a small table nothing too fancy
Hey look at the size of this TV
that's ridiculous oh my god that
chandelier everything for Oh to get to
and from the lobby of the hotel ah the
master oh my goodness
mirrors over oh my goodness no well
they'll do but you can't see another so
even like the hand of soups the hand
soap has got whoa that's a really
magnify look you know what's together
dressing room yeah okay
that's so cool but this match on either
side so there's a batter each the
dressing room eats like steady like
that's a bit innocent innocent ah so
it's like they've got a study oh my god
me that's the TV Hey and this is their
cache view have you seen the view Lucy
it's insane you can hold it you pull the
door back I have a TV area in here oh
it's cute
oh just casually out on their balcony
yeah Wow oh my goodness to know what
everything looks
oh my god this is crazy
you can see the palm bet now you can see
the yeah call me there
much of I dropped my camera we've now
moved to the beach where we are doing
some Bloggie not blogging where we are
doing some more look for key type thing
I was down back there this tan Andrew
hey it looks so nice is it sunset it's
Arnold I think you should say what you
bet to do with friends and halls you
gotta make sure we've it that way yes
Kasich I can't I can't
like what you did time here and you said
that like it was the hardest things
applause so get it catching I'm gonna
catch you
oh that's what I just called the fastest
pause of everything pistoiese time to
pose with a giant fruit and you like
dancing in the rain is that right and
get rain and then come on we're gonna
make all your fears really dizzy
Oh Oh No look at the ball oops
fireball never to be seen again it's
been a long day of filming the sun's
gone down and we're now running a part
of our feet into it and we can't wait to
have our feet washed and I thought it
would be nice because we didn't have any
bath salts or anything to put
moisturizer in there but it's not work
don't trust anything so Alice oh she
doesn't know much it might be nice once
we like mix it round though maybe it
just needs a bit of I think that's an
amazing that sorry
No let's just get in it's quite hot oh
really - you're dying bark okay Nina
it's not come on time
i'ma kill you babe we just become fat
would happen to me oh that is like oh
that's proper stone okay so will they
time mocked me I actually think the
moisturizer has worked because my feet
feels so soft in yours if you means if
you fill up these bad rumors so you
assumed for housekeeping that imagine if
i walked in i saw Oliver commented he
tried to - hello here's me Jim memories
and time and we are going to rest buddy
that's the one I'm he's Joe you gotta
fix new body every single day
that's really bad headache this is
because your brain is going through your
head so thank you you must always allow
it no I don't actually
yeah that's we're currently in this very
swanky bathroom and John if that minds
at all oh no oh dear we were in the
toilet and the toilets here
flush automatically I'm not going to
have to have your hand though right I
think I'm still white laughing I just
squeal sick
flushes as you're like wiping to further
thing down as you get up off the toilet
flushes - fashion-wise rapping even you
sort of hover up a bit - like I mean
yeah I think it's the second you taking
some water through theater so I squealed
us have walked out to take a layer I
hate time squeal from this looks
interesting
sweet time was up and hairy
