you're finding everybody it's Sunday and
we've come out again for a walk but look
who I tracked with me Alfie's with me
today I love it
look I gave him a little coffee in my in
my new zoella lifestyle mug that
actually comes that actually comes with
this hat so it's like perfect yeah so
you got the coffee cup I got the hat
yeah beautiful morning miss EMU isn't
she so much better on this walk now she
used to really pull I think she's just
getting used to it yeah it's so nice see
I love when the sunlight the sunlight
comes through the trees look all along
the path look at the Sun coming up can't
really see it because it's so bright but
here's me and Alfie's faces for
reference I suppose this is nicer than
yesterday actually the Sun is like
slightly brighter look good Nala
like me I'm looking a little bit more
ready for the day now I've had a shower
I've washed my hair I've done my makeup
and I have also just edited my September
favorites video which I have scheduled
for later today so that's good I think
me and Alfie want to try and do a little
bit of tidying up before we go because
today we are heading to Tooting Glen
which has a lot of you guys know is a
place that both myself and Alfie really
love to be it's kind of like our calm
place and I
I basically love it and they invited us
to go and stay with them because they
are opening a new treehouse because
every time we go there you may have seen
in previous books we always stay in the
tree house and the tree houses are
absolutely amazing and last time we were
there we spotted that they were having
one bill so we asked them about it
they're like yeah it's a bigger one so
you can like you can have more than two
people or four people stay in it and we
were like oh my god that sounds amazing
so they very very kindly invited us to
go and stay in this tree house and I
think we're the first people staying in
it which I feel very honored for we are
also bringing the dogs with us this time
which is something we've also never done
so I'm really excited for them to come I
need to pack Nala like a little bag of
things but yeah it's gonna be so cool
the treehouse isn't ready until tomorrow
but the they're going to put us up in
the coach house for this evening and
then tomorrow they're going to move us
into the tree house so of course I will
take you with me and we will dock and
you will see it too but yeah very very
excited I feel like I'm really dude like
two days of just being somewhere that I
find really relaxing it's been a very
hectic couple of weeks I'm also really
loving this lip color it's nice it's a
color pop my little pony one I'm
obsessed I
absolutely love it it's kind of like
Charlotte's he'll be Glastonbury but in
liquid lipstick form so it's more matte
hmm I think this might be a new phase
also we decided just to leave all this
like decorations and cobwebs up because
I mean it's Halloween so soon so we just
thought let's just leave them up I think
it looks good just wrapping up this hat
keeps like flying up I'm just wrapping
up Joey and Daniel's Halloween package
because that's being picked up while
we're away I think I've packaged it up
like this I don't I was gonna wrap this
around something but it was nothing to
wrap it around so I'm just gonna leave
it in there so they can use it for
decoration but that is absolutely packed
with Halloween treats and decor and
basically Halloween party hosting
essentials and I've just decked nollet
where she just technolon her little
Halloween pumpkin outfit and I've got
witches hat on and I'm gonna take a
little Polaroid to put in their card see
what that looks like
I freaking love these cameras I think we
need to use this film app neither it's
not working thank goodness I have my
film right let's try again I feel like
the film can go off which may have
potentially happened they're just coming
out really overexposed so that one came
out okay it's still developing that was
much better card done spiders added and
it's ready to go
checking out our hair cuz we had some do
our hair for us so bad and we are so
blonde I should probably take a picture
I'm gonna do a selfie hey now that you
know what I'm gonna have like you know
when you get a saggy bit up here oh
we're gonna you can already see it I'm
gonna go savvy it's everywhere sake I
guess you know you have a heavy eyelid
here I'm gonna yeah that's what I mean
that's what I mean so do you wanna look
see
I've already got it look how much of my
eyelid actually shows that's the same as
mine there's no eyelid with other people
don't foul this recording also what I
might need time and review I'm like
surely as I am surely that whole 12
minute conversation you know what sighs
it doesn't mean my vagina is large then
thanks for trying
it's super it's a super size yeah
big vagina it's a very common
misconception that if you
dumpin it means you have a big vagina
it's not actually the size the amount it
soaks up that's right yeah I know I just
feel more more safe with a suitor if I
wasn't having normal I do super tampons
you can get super pluses well can't you
Orange I always thought I broke my hymen
by using my mum see that must be it
because I use a super fast for the first
time I know it's agony I didn't know
what it was I don't know why I just
found you saying hymen so funny I think
it's cuz I haven't used that word since
I was like 12 in like a PSE lesson boys
are so lucky they don't have hyneman's
to break mm-hmm what breaks for a boy
band go straight voice no no voice
that's a tiny film of skin over your
butthole and you take the boy no girls
have that - yeah it's not real look me
in the eye you're a liar
nice race imagine that tiny film of
scared why turned on my camera see say
was that we are all packed and ready to
go on an adventure
on an adventure I'm so excited to see
what the tree house looks like tomorrow
okay so cold brain freeze yeah I'm so
excited right you're in charge of music
okay yeah you need to learn my code now
before their journey
right I just put on this wrong that you
have to everybody
okay this is going to be your new answer
ready
this is like the vibe of it it's like
this okay that I don't do that because I
have to drive yeah show me you're
picking again just serve me some
we've stopped off at an MS little petrol
station I've just walked all around this
carpark about fifty times to see if she
needed the toilet and stretch her legs
she didn't need the toilet but you got a
little leg stretch she's been so good so
so good the guys are inside getting some
food so fingers crossed they bring out
some goodies Oh
and we have arrived we are saying in
this room which I feel like is either
the same or very similar setup to the
room that we stayed in when we came for
the gleam Christmas party that year when
Joe was very drunk and he came in it was
a vlogmas I think yes this is it it's
lovely but little balcony a road snacks
TV bed I have to say when we stayed here
that time during vlogmas this was one of
the most comfy night sleep I've ever had
the bed like you just sink into it
amazing then we have this little chair
I've set up Nyla's pen because we're off
down to the kitchen for dinner and I
wanted her to feel like safe so we
brought that and then this is cute
little like kiddy nook den it's so cute
I would have loved something like this
when I was little then you go through
here I think this is the toilet yes
there's the toilet and then the
wardrobes are in here Illya and then the
bathroom he got two sinks a huge double
shower which is just insane and then a
huge bath oh my god there's a TV I so
I'm gonna have a bath tonight and watch
the TV I wish I'd brought a bath bomb
dammit yeah so that's our room up here
and then I've got some champers and then
poppy and Shawn's room is down here
hello there they are
it's very cozy isn't it I just can't
wait for you to get into this bed and
realize it's like it's like a giant
marshmallow it's pretty much myself yeah
neither of you will be anywhere near
each other in this bed tonight you'll
love it I hope you take another out for
a little walk because she was mental I
think the dogs are like more excited
than us and by saying something like
talking about oysters you can eat
oysters raw by motherboards - yeah - you
don't know yeah they're making us some
appetizers and canapes which is very
cool are you ready to start making pop
so this is my bran ricotta and this is a
terrace lot I'm putting on it
this is hissarlik views using the
restroom decided off - you have to
borrow a lot of size and they can
courage so much yeah yeah I'll take
you're on a green outside in a minute if
you want delicious mmm oh yeah
which one's yours this one you mean sit
down I know you just eat nice we've just
been to Nick and Amanda's room and we've
played a little game of rummy cub and
ordered a couple of dessert and I am so
tired today I don't even know why I look
at the bags under my eyes like that's
not so I think we're gonna call in early
night we're in the bed where neither of
us are anywhere near each other we could
literally have a whole other person in
here exactly look how far away can you
actually be from me look at that sure
and I'm so excited oh the reason I'm
still wearing my cardigan by the way I
do have my pajamas on underneath but I'm
really truly the aircon was really
though when we came in which is Alfie's
dream but when it's cold it makes me
really moody so I've turned up a bit but
we are gonna go to bed now
then I good morning everybody it is
Monday but it feels like it's Sunday
because this weekend has been so weird I
don't know what the days are we've got a
little Nala who's been going on lots of
walks this morning with buzz oh she's
getting agitated okay and me and Alf
you've been editing and just like I
guess having like a really chilled
morning and the weather outside is
really weird like the sky looks yellow
and it's really dark and it's only like
half 12 it's so strange I'm now going to
head over to you I'm on our next room
and I think
some lunch before making our way over to
the treehouse later we were excited you
excited by the tree huh I'm doing that
we don't know if you're gonna be able to
see what the sky looks like like how I'm
seeing it but it looks like something
from a horror movie you can't really see
it it's so weird
everything is so yellow I basically
think it's about absolutely its Rummikub
time oh that really is my least favorite
noise in the world girl people feel
she's really tired you sleepy coming up
buzz gets very jealous she's not a real
dog is she like let's be honest neither
is not the dog packing up to move to the
treehouse who won Rummikub no some
cheating going on mum won but only the
Gershon help Turkey there's no yeah
there was family a very competitive
no Papias we're not no I don't think
I've ever seen your mum so happy is when
she wins a board game that is like
ultimate like the happiness you'll ever
see her so cute right we need a pact
I think so we don't really have much to
pack to be honest she was talking about
his bunghole if I got accidental spray
in it tcp spray gonna get chilly it's a
long walk with it you know what oh she
has to be at the front way out right
look at how how stretch again there's
not with buzz
on Mondays we wear pink
there is oh we go down here honey you
always have to be the first for
everything yeah it's so cool oh it
smells so new whoa what is this
too little I arcade games my tree house
is in vain I'm gonna do like a little
walkthrough because I showed you a
little bit as the manager was showing us
around but I will do a really quick I'll
try and be quick run-through okay so as
you walk in you've got the two sections
got this section first this is the
general living space and what about that
made me go yeah we've got a little
arcade game that Nick's gonna have a
little go on these are some cool can you
do two player look at the cute little
chairs either side like that artwork and
then giant dining room table so he can
all sit around and have breakfast a huge
mirror and then like the biggest sofa
you have ever seen
fire is on and we've got look they've
got load of beds and an evolve for birds
and like more dog treats than they
probably ever seen in their life I
haven't seen up here then we've got a
wet room and a toilet and a sink and
then we've got a little ladder which is
so scary ladder up to another bedroom
got TV oh this is for puppy and Shawn oh
it's like a double bed that's so good
when they've got their own little
chocolates how cozy I love it oh my god
how terrifying is that okay do I go down
it front ways or back ways seem to be
going sideways right then we've got this
room which B is Nick and Amanda's room
for this evening
got a little makeup bit at the back and
the bed TV and to the outside who's that
Oh Watson Allah he's still exploring and
some like wardrobes along the back then
you've got the bathroom a lot two sinks
ba-aby day and a big old shower and then
this is where me and Alphaeus staying so
you've got another little kitchen area
some wardrobes and this one has like a
really cute like sofa area and like
another fire and a TV and then we've got
my chocolates and the bed I love the bed
head so cool up a nugget yeah thank you
and then this is mine and Alpha's
bathroom so we have two sinks big old
bath toilet
and a shower I do need to put out and
outside outside we have a little table
and chairs and some Sun Loungers and
then a jacuzzi and then it carries on
round then we have another little like
seating area and then a huge table so we
can all eat breakfast together if it's
like this in the morning and then
another hot tub and look at the view
like there is not another single person
in sight I love it little bird so that
is the treehouse how cool is that I'm
gonna have to get Sean to show me how to
make that fire come back on sure no I
don't know how to make the fire like he
said it has a name you need to keep it
something we appear to already have a
bit of a problem looks like we are never
gonna get these two off this game would
you despy can I have a go more can
either of you bear to be pulled away
from it in 40 minutes
can I go will you shake it all right you
ready left termite and shoot you have to
dodge the bullets
he's always killing that place master I
stay away I wouldn't be surprised
high score you got 6780 Shawn got twenty
six thousand me and Amanda are taking
the doggies out for a little stroll come
back she's such an explorer I honestly
think we would lose her if we ever let
her off the lead you're so inquisitive
of everything earnest both who just
would not be anywhere but a man decide
at any time guys watch what happens when
Nala is not in the lead oh she's not
just fill in like all right gone man
hang on oh hey gay she's huge it's the
evening now and we are all sitting down
to have a lovely meal which is being
cooked for us which is very nice and
very exciting
look what these guys have got what's
that black thing it's kind of like great
wow I'm good thank you got like a whole
soup to eat and then Nick's got Parma
ham and these guys have got a prawn
cocktail main course and they've done a
roast which obviously is like the best
meal ever look how good this lips
I haven't finished putting everything on
my plate yet looks good is yours good
pup
and finally we have the pudding that
you're sure it's a what is it rhubarb
know what crumble is it hmm oh man oh
I'm so full finished up from dinner and
now I'm coming back into our room which
is so nice and warm because we've had
the fire on in here oh my god I love it
and I'm gonna put my special onesie on
where did I get this from I think I got
it from a sauce no maybe next record it
from next it's a black cat for Halloween
yay I love it it's so soft
oh you just have to love nest pajamas
they are the coziest thing I love it
okay right we're now going to watch
these final
of liar they'll have soft I am yeah it's
from next it's my black cat onesie for
Halloween yeah so we're about to watch
the final of liar what do you think is
gonna happen do you think he's gonna get
away with it or not it's gonna really
annoy me if he gets away with out we
shall soon see the boys
as you can see us still sat round that
game Oh
although pop you got the highest score
on pac-man very good yeah very nice
dollar are you you'll be in such a good
girl baby none it was poppy you having a
cuddle for years you have to sing her a
lullaby
I got I can't even talk I really hope
you guys enjoyed today we did and we've
got kind of like a half a day tomorrow
to walk to the beach and to get in the
hot tub I'm basically I'm gonna wake up
first thing tomorrow morning and get in
that jacuzzi and I cannot wait
good night
good morning everybody it is about half
past 7:00 in the morning
I am out in the hot tub and it's so nice
it's like I think this is like my most
relaxed early in the morning you can
hear the birds
and you're in the trees and it's so nice
and it's so relaxing
I think the doggies are at a mandarin
acara alfie still asleep I don't know
about for Mitchell and I'm assuming
they're still estate knowledge running
around now
yeah I just I wish I could stay here
forever it's so relaxing another
I'm out the hot tub now I was probably
fat enough for about an hour I was
turning into a prune breakfast has
arrived what are you going for I just
love these little pastries they're my
favorite and the massive old French
stick we've come out for a walk we're
going to go down to the beach before we
head back you may notice we're one down
well we're actually three down Amanda
and Nick are heading back already and
Alfie wasn't feeling very well so he's
gone back with them and we're gonna give
nya a little walk so that she's not like
super Restless on the drive home and
then we're gonna head back come on did
you see the lead on a tail then it like
uncurled it sorry I just
booted your time that
shop I know I'm front she never just
walks with her we're going down the
steps
oh do you want to go down the steps I
think I'm gonna go down this bit yeah I
don't trust my lowest ebb yeah it does
join up yeah we have done also its
mother from fire and that's my favorite
smell in the world
mmm very autumnal yes on an open fire
very soon I actually in the treehouse
this morning I did order a Christmas
tree and just as we get into the
clearing to the beach it starts to rain
you're all right rain Mac I got hat also
I don't mind cuz I need to wash my hair
when I get back it's hair wash night is
bad come on Nana oh my god I think
there's people like body boarding or
surfing that's so funny
come on now I can't go down that way
this way
I just said to poppy and Shawn I don't
know if naal has ever been on just like
a sandy beach because obviously the
beaches and brighton and hove are not
sandy there are pebbles but this has got
sand and lots of doggies come on guys
Nala is having the time of our life
coming it look good
he's coming back this rock come on now
let's made a new friend
nah okay we're all in the car got heated
feets on because I am like wet little
Ohana she does have a seatbelt on as
well under there guys she's gonna be
sunk okay let's go let's hit the road
being papi
have stopped in Chincha sister we've
left Sean in the car with the dog we
were like ah I can't we've got the dog
in the car someone's gonna have to stay
with the dog sure and he was like I'll
stay with the dog but we are coming in
to get him a coffee and I'd like to eat
take back to the car and we're not gonna
be too long we just want to have a look
in the massive HomeSense to be honest
knock knock
hey gay white American I thank you
having the place of dreams you can never
go too many times this one is the best
one
there's a giant freaking snowman oh my
god poppy there's so much Christmas
stuff I'm gonna piss oh no much cool
stuff wow there's so much Christmas look
at the size of bees they are huge oh you
are I was just about to go I've lost
poppy
she is I know if we go look upstairs
we've come to a little place called
Flynn Dhin which is on the way back and
they have this really adorable like
pumpkin display so we thought we would
come and check out you ready
Sean I want you to look at this pumpkin
display look it's so cool there is so
many pumpkins look at this big old
snakes and ladders pumpkin display and
like all the squashes and pumpkins you
could ever need I want one of these I
like this one puppy
isn't it cute they're really perfectly
round ones aren't they
I know like perfectly rounded for
carving I also just bought this little
pottery pump skin so cute we need to
disappear
how cute are looks right now no hi baby
easy babe you're sleeping are you think
I see yeah yeah
and we are and this is where I am going
to end my blog athletes all touched up
under a duvet on the sofa he's got all
the things that will make him feel
better and he's got a firearm and he's
just having a chill and I'm also gonna
have a chair I'm gonna have a bar yes so
I really really hope you guys have
enjoyed there I just reach their
personal huge thank you to everyone at
Eugene men who are always so so lovely
thank you so much for giving us the best
couple of days as always and yeah video
sometimes we enjoyed it and I think it
raises
