it's not must day eight and we are down
sad eaten breakfast
tomato bread tomatoes mixing break
so has completely lucked out and got the
most amazing view company look you've
got the aquarium down here where you can
literally sit and just watch all the
fish which I did do last night which
which he did do there's also the water
park there and you can see all that in
the distance it's amazing
and then she tried to say what was it
this is my foot next to I'll be smooth
the cat size difference is the honeymoon
suites yeah it's called the Neptune
suite and we're going to look around
so you can see the top aquarium wow I
bet at night that looks amazing going
into the bedroom you know what when you
felt oh my god
this is so cool oh my god oh my god no I
can't see anybody no good wait where is
it there's a bar looking out is a shower
this is amazing logically chosen the
bath and this is his phew I family got
this bar for what hello mister hey buddy
look there's a diver I didn't think
that's funny Jim gone Jim they got scary
eyes Jim the Sharks Cara Alicia have you
went in the tank you'd have no interest
demo you know you know so honeymoon
suite so he was there in here they might
give it a shot by meeting so Alfie has
gone to meet his cousin for a meal and
I've just been doing some editing and
I've also been sorting some stuff out
with the day mix team for filming
tomorrow and I've just done my hair and
make up I actually did a bun but I made
like a plaque out of my blonde hair I
don't know if you can see that sewing a
bit different and I've done my makeup
and I've got my infamous orange lipstick
on because over here it's not winter so
I can get away with orange and we're all
going to go down and eat lunch someone's
bringing me oh my goodness who is it
it's Tanya burr giving it all jelly yeah
I had a bubble into our video a shine
about Shana hello everybody we're all
going for dinner
I'm so hungry waiting I can take
something just finished our dinner
how do I you did a ring it was good it's
just ridiculous oh you can just keep on
eating buggy it's a buffet which is deep
yeah it was nice I don't like the name
around with the soft him around
oh I like the flavor really yeah what
did you like the churros
it's a churro sort of exciting it's a
chance of Chara know like Ichiro's
churros that's like Cheerios picture
rose and everyone please tell us yeah
fools of ourselves I know there's
everyone else little Marcus is doing
down there
Oh
why'd you think of a trap I just know we
Fraser oh you poor crab I picked up a
horseshoe crab it's really scary looking
spiking and that's my plan where this
happens you got my vlog I know Jim we've
been with you all day I will show you
it's jolly was anything you guys have
been amazing
Martin anything someone out there god
yeah man you make new friends and make
new friends of the class ah
I'm grateful to our people and we're
just going to leave the rest of all and
then I'm gonna go to my room for some
attention my main job a video because I
need to upload it
hi guys so it's much later on a finished
dinner everyone went to the aquarium
which I missed out on because I had to
edit my main channel video so I've just
been sat editing that for three hours
it's now half 11:00 here it crashed
final cut crashed and normally that's
not an issue because when you reopen
final cut the project's still there but
no it was all gone I nearly had a mental
breakdown and I can't do my video gently
3 hours to edit I'm not a very good
either so it takes me so long and it's
all gone so I'm really sorry that there
was no main Channel video today which
was yesterday but hopefully fingers
crossed that whilst you're watching this
there is a main Channel video even
though I've got such a busy day tomorrow
I'm going to try really hard to fit some
time in to make a video make a video
edit a video it's late I'm tired
I hate final cut good night guys see you
tomorrow
