dick is over for a day everybody we're
nearly there so we have arrived in our
room it's really cool look at the big
mirrors and this is the view how pretty
and a chair and the bed and also that's
the bathroom there that you can just
walk into and there's a bath and
bathroom Alfie's having a wee shower
yeah and then if you want to close the
bathroom off you can just pull these
doors which i think is really cool it's
nice and spacious I just have to try not
to fall asleep now because I
yeah what now we're gonna do this
laughing stop running away from girls
yeah I was mean and this is not gonna
work well okay oh yeah oh no big thing
jacking strong enough to do that thing
I'm trying so I might know you went over
the top Oh try it wipe you in general
you do it I'm good I can't do it up my
doctor judge my mum dr. C got it man
here we go yes
Oh yet to be straight no more you go out
there and then you're like go on go Jay
when you know doing like a dish on the
floor like triangle means always ever
done a dish
fine but dish well you gonna I'm a dish
I make up dry god no my mom calls me a
dish very good deal if you damn ah you
saw like a circus I don't feel hungry
--cz Bacchus is made a friend
very game yeah
he's waving with his fin look shot he's
waving at you yeah sure what
one was the shot that's my favorite okay
yeah boo that with the big head
ya know but it's not proper breathing
not way more whoa
Marcus you've got a little collection of
fish there by your face that we still
leather
this boat is no vested is there terrible
a school of fish because I think he's
got some weird like every every time
maka stands near thing that all just
said we're going to dinner and and I'm
just throwing this um I only have like
lipstick on and I just scraped my hair
back because I just did my skin all nice
and I didn't really want to have to wash
all my mascara off again but lipstick
easy to get off and it's not bad for
your skin
so happy what are you listening to
oh and look Alfie's in his pants again
what surprise wow there's some girls and
ladies and hey Marcus I saw that we
okay
back to the aquarium guys I think I'm
going to be as being obsessed with this
equip that's over the half-open the only
it's mouth constantly open
so amazing
yeah safety safe - it normally looks a
bit small for some reason happy happy
one variety of puddings there on your
place
and then we've also got this massive
birthday cake not but welcome to Dubai
game I couldn't finish mine
I like
for the Little Mermaid everything is new
mommy
so we have been for dinner and had a
little wonder on the hotel and it was
amazing there was actually quite a few
of you here to say hello to us which was
really sweet actually that reminds me by
the way guys please don't ever feel like
you have to get me gifts like I feel so
bad I love I love just meeting you you
don't have to get me anything you don't
have to write me anything just seeing
you is enough but I do have to say thank
you so so much - and I've got her name
here as well Nora
and she got me this if I can take this a
lot he's adorable
turn the bag upside down so you can see
these adorable little earrings that just
say Tiffany and Co New York and they're
really adorable little earrings thank
you so so much for those you really
didn't have to get with them and they
are absolutely gorgeous and I love them
you guys are so generous sometimes you
really don't need to be so cute anyway I
am now going to edit some videos because
I've got a main channel video coming out
you will have already seen it or it's
coming out today Oh yep that's it like
guys
