alfie deyes of pointlessblog ass never
heard of me neither actually
what's the weirdest memory you have
together I'm talking really weird - oh I
have a body
oh that way we just obviously whoa is it
when you jump this one time we were
running around with blankets on our
hello Christmas on Christmas pretending
to be Chris McKenna is Koons like about
to emerge as but and I did do a
butterfly merging didn't we will oh yeah
for sure oh yeah and then it transform
got crazy with it what a bit wild yeah
we decided for me to get all the way to
shore Oman on my back giant chrysalis
put something over and then emerged as
to mutter fly flies we kind of fell
about on the Florida heat like laughing
anyway things like that seem so normal
at the time than others are like why
don't we just do that we're definitely
not normal no make yourself water a
human's best beverage this is for
hydration angry eyes muddy wash asks do
you plan to travel to different
countries together in the future
funny you should say that was so funny
you should say that we're going to
Florida in March to place life we're
also going to VidCon in August for
VidCon in LA that filament
we're traveling a bit more this year
aren't we're this is my year of trouble
am i high five
hello everybody I am here today with
what is going with my hair
and a twig what moment is maging off the
most when you've been with each other
let me just also say that whenever
mainly we are together there will always
be a moment where neither of us can
breathe cookies are laughing too hard
and we've got tears streaming down our
faces every single time so it's quite
hard to decide out of all of those
moments which is every single time I see
you
which one is maybe not most but I do
have a specific water on - you go first
that time a few weeks actually but if
you say words weirdly the sentence that
was when you say words wages like this
if we say words weirdly it's like just
like that we did that for about 10
minutes yeah yeah we did giggle there's
energy good here I was like laughing so
much I like oh oh was that the time you
had to go out the room yes no no it was
about something else it was because
Louise had a picture of her cat poo at
the side of the litter
oh my god this kind of like rubber
because it was insane lot type of
picture where there's quite a massive
cat poo and it's kind of drink over the
edge of the litter tray and she'd come
back from seeing your dad her dad had
thought it was the site of the bar my
dad were looking at it was going cause
enormous like you know it was a big cat
who's like that's phenomenal it's like
well yeah I suppose I mean it's quite a
big cavity it's like why on earth did
she do it on the bar like it's not the
bar because it's that slightly
schlepping the side of the bath the cat
who would have been like this massive
like like anything it who like you like
your size of Darcy like that's not the
carpet that we imagined we imagined the
cat doing poo over the bath and it being
like nothing and then I have something
very stupid like yeah yeah imagine a
just like chicken soup Charlotte reset
thought yeah I love it
the cat I did it right yeah that's what
y'all just read about it and then I
laughed so hard I thought it'll be sick
so I had to leave the room to calm
myself down but I'll be like nice
by mashing tourists yellow platform
channel we do something similar
Wow a rather anemic Winston I quite
liked this just as a random question
what is each of your definitions of the
love I personally think love is having a
hundred percent trust in somebody
I'm just not feeling scared of anything
like I think I say it's only 100 percent
comfortable yeah yeah 100 percent
trusting and comfortable jokes out get
to it so all my texts
Oh Amy McGowan would you rather never
see or speak to each other ever again or
marry each other I'd rather marry you
but I would not make with the naked time
with you no and I would cheat on you
with my husband I witness I'm afraid I'd
have to cheat on you with a male 2 yeah
because you know it's not that I don't
love you it's just that I don't want to
touch your naked body we could just be
married and not what i watching move and
not live together and get someone off
the street to come to our ceremony just
to make sure someone else there oh we
could go all out there by everyone that
would be a pretty fun wedding why not oh
we could both have really cool massive
dresses okay I'm taking this too far
my family's sick
yeah right what would be the worst thing
that's happened to end our friendship if
you merge as Mindy I'm never gonna
murder
thank you if you didn't really vomit it
in my mouth then I would not be all
right okay it has to be extreme that's
how much your lunch yeah stepwatch hot
let me try that again mail psyched you
tryna make it while I miss you but I bet
you a lot
Hannah Costa says does the age
difference between you have an effect
no there is no age difference what alone
well Jake Emma Cohen says Zoe if Louise
called you in the middle of the night
that she was upset would you drive all
the way to see her you know I were no
you would I actually would well she
actually would turn half hours is
nothing to make sure you are a what
other side I've caught fully valid
talented all right
I love to dance like you ma ma la la
catch and my car my air freshener I
didn't put the air freshener she was
like I just opened it since I was like
no I
