oh you can wake up no yeah looks so cozy
in there I'm eating macarons for
breakfast or that I'm not sure how
healthy that is good morning I just
finished editing your fleas vlog and I'm
currently running a bar because I really
want one and this is what I look like
when I wake up I'm going to opt for this
bath bomb this morning which is a lush
bathroom it's the luxury lush hood
you'll soon see why this is my favorite
bath bomb it's even overtaken my left at
the so white bath bomb ready set go
so good it basically ends up looking
like you're in a bath of Ribena Wow
right being a bath time as you know I've
been opening this Playmobil calendar
every single day and I've got a little
selection of bits to put together by I
haven't actually but in the scenery so
now I have yay this is the scenery it's
a little princess castle it was actually
a lot harder to put together than I
thought it was going to be so that says
something about my ability to put
cardboard together and so that's
supposed to be flying someone at the
door there's the princess she's got her
little tiara and her fan there shears
and this is the dressing table which I
have just put together with a little
perfume bottle and the brush and behind
there is me and Louise I think I'm
getting way too into this just open
number five and I think this is a little
stool to go in front of the dressing
table yay
yes what we doing gotta get Christmas
sure
okay now we need to pick a Christmas
tree this is the traditional consistory
that drops the needles a lot but smell
how smells like Christmas
my eyes are leaking what have you got
what goodies we got in your basket I've
got some um bull balls you're right
you're okay just going tray here comes
the tree so beautifully well add it in
the background here we go now you can
put it in post
hey let me do the top Jenna definitely
time to drop you might have to get it
down yay
so we've got back from the garden sir
just got back from the garden center and
I've got this wreath which I thought was
really cute and it's got a little
gingerbread men on it and these are the
decorations that I've bought for the
tree now I have never bought Christmas
decorations before I've always just put
the decorations on the tree that we've
had since I was like six so I thought it
was quite nice to just get some new ones
so I've got these which look like little
biscuits I've got a little cut one and
these were the little gingerbread men
and they sort of hang like this which I
thought was cute I'm basically going for
a red and white theme I thought these
are really nice they've got lace on and
then some Christmas pudding so yeah red
and white and I've also got some ribbon
so I can make little bows and as well
you've got the snow sprite stuff oh yeah
I bought some of it now dad's probably
gonna hate me cuz I'm gonna want to put
it on all the windows but you've got
stencils and and you can put a snow
spray on the windows how cool is that
coming up we have just walked on the
street and we found this really cute
little place it's in devises and I think
it's called little house of coffee and
it's so cute
look there's nobody upstairs but they've
got some Christmas decorations and we
just sat on these faces I've actually
been in here before but I really like it
just what we need is kind of destroyed
mine already good way so good
so he leaves me for one minute to go and
order the food
and look how much it ordered haven't you
stays see for me cheesy chips for me how
cheese don't even show me pitch pastor
share it's gone for me and two hot
chocolates
I like language
what we doing J we're dressed like
idiots and about to decorate the
Christmas tree I'm really excited this
time of year get in it
scroll brown so quickly ready all right
old man oops
Oh Jeeves so make your hands disappear
from the front right down around oh here
is our Christmas tree I think that's a
jolly good Christmas tree what do you
reckon what's your proof Oh Oh God
you go you go don't wait oh it was not
and yeah so um I think this Joe is going
to be the last time we decorate a
Christmas tree in this house because
this time next year I'm hoping we'll be
in our own houses
yeah within our own cribs we'll have our
own trees to decorate so this is a sad
momentous time that we want you to join
in with us okay yeah this is the last
time we'll decorate a tree in this house
oh this is good you've chosen a good one
yeah I think we've chosen a good one
okay Joe don't break it come on come
away well Joe you're doing a good job
there do you know what my dad looks so
tidy oh it was this is how I came no
it's not it's not how's it going say
well it's good until you turned up
pointlessblog this is my favorite part
of decorating the tree I have to admit I
should already know I thought this was
gonna be funny so we got so excited me
and Joe look 1 wearing I've even got
socks on got socks all I ever thought I
did Alfie's just trying to put the
lights up at the top how you getting on
there Alfie this sorry I constantly fall
down you've got the hang of it now you
can always come come back down as well I
just knew that yeah so we couldn't find
an angel so I've managed to find this
really cute little like
elf girl I guess so we're gonna put her
on the top I'd say is Where's Wally Z or
Where's Waldo his girlfriend
can we all leave a comment below
suggesting a really cute name for her I
think she's adorable I call a Brian
oh the scary rubbish ladder you got now
you know it's like to be a roof Thatcher
okay
this leg hits like floor Jimmy Dada Dada
Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada oh it's
not even likes Noons sat on it I can't
help a foot this is not right oh oh you
can see her know in private areas oh
dear
Susie oh the whole of YouTube gonna see
it see a no events I be fair only put on
my few balls
how many's a few to know upon Wayne one
to go on as always I was the one left
decorating the tree and the boys left it
up to me I get more and I'll feed it I'm
sorry
so well done Joe you did little 2% more
than everyone else I kind of went for a
red and white theme this year normally
we have a lot of gold it does look a bit
sparse but I quite like that we haven't
absolutely coated it minimalistic and I
love the twinkly lights and so my
favorite baubles are these ones I think
these ones are cute and I also really
like these and also I really like these
two one bows I do like my bows as well
actually I think the bows are a nice
touch I just like so many this is the
one cut that I bought
and there's a little ring dear I don't
know I actually quite like this I like
it straight reindeer this room yeah
this is the tree with the light
got set it up that smiley you in camera
Joe pick up Joe don't look any night
look at the tree looks great from up
here
