hi everyone and welcome back to our
little mini Zoe Lewis series I know
sorry there hello I hope that you have
seen the video we filmed last week over
on Louise's channel if not make sure to
check out or leave the link below this
week online we are discussing bad
breakups I'll get it outside on the word
bad yeah not just break ups because
breakups come under many categories some
are mutual who them our great great
majority of them though in your
experience in my experience not great
not great it might variance everything
is okay Louise is extremely lucky in the
fact that she has never had a bad
breakup I actually very jealous of you
although I'm always a believer off what
doesn't kill you makes you stronger
doesn't kill you makes you stronger try
a little harder something something
something me getting slightly deeper now
deep you know Pete snorkel on Zoe you
have had some pretty shockingly bad
relationships oh you have had some bad
breakups I have what has been the worst
feeling you have felt during a bad
breakup of what was it that led you to
feel that way so for example you felt
desperately sad because he didn't text
you or you felt desperately I agree with
such-and-such or betrayed or hurt or
lalala all of those things you just said
in my most recent breakup which Louise
was actually my friend during and she
was my rock Thank You Jimmy oh I
probably went through the worst one of
the worst times ever
it was horrible there's loads of other
factors of it that obviously none of you
guys are ever going to find out about
but I would like to cheated on betrayed
hurt and the worst possible ways I just
want you to know that some people you
cannot change and it's not always your
fault
no matter how much they try and make it
you don't owe it a try and change them
never try and change someone and I would
also advise you to leave at the first
sign that it's not right I didn't do
that you see I am from a school of
thought that everyone deserves a second
chance so I always give people at least
a second but you gave him like a 20th 20
min 100 like yeah I think like I do
think of people a second chance but I
don't think of people like a tenth
chance yeah um and then dealing with
that breakup ah it was mostly in a
relationship that was bad so when you
broke up with him um did you feel like
the break-up went on for a long time do
you think it's better to rip the plaster
off and have no contact at all or like
because breakups aren't necessarily a
one conversation thing like a
months-long thing like breaking it was
on what do you think I think next
depends on the factors of how long you
been together
yeah and what they did because sometimes
some things are like you know they kill
your cat you just wouldn't even give
them the time of day no I love you Mindy
exactly they had my Selma exactly um but
when you love someone it's very
difficult because you lose sight of
what's normal and what's not normal and
this is a bit like in my boundaries
video lastly yeah even exactly you lose
sight and what's not um and people can
become an issue controlling which is
that what we talked about in our last
video and I think for me personally
because my relationship was based around
lies once I broken free from that and
found out the truth I was able to carrot
like get on with my life
you were very down I was I was extremely
distraught like the videos that you saw
so make around that time like you can
tell but I can tell like you were not
like really truly happy like you're
probably just a bit happy for that video
but like yeah you weren't and it was
such an effort to do that it was like
yeah
I don't he was just a really sad little
human I was just flopped about my dining
room eating Pete surfing I used to drive
around in my cat this is so depressing I
used to drive around in my car crying
because I didn't know where else to go
then I bring you ease and be like I
don't know what to do you just feel
trapped because on one hand you love the
person but on the other hand you know
you can't be with this person because
they're terrible and their actions and
the way they treat you is awful and it's
really difficult to have that
self-esteem to be like I'm gonna walk
away from this when they made you feel
so small how do you think they should
you think just get up and go do you
think a phone call face-to-face when I
had my breakup I actually did not see
him and still have not seen him because
I think that would make it more
difficult because of what he knows be
done today have a breakup face to face
like a fixation yeah I shouldn't you
know it went way past that
it was way past that and and I think if
I had seen him face to face it would
have been worse because to me I had the
closure that I needed which was the
truth and then I could move away and it
was really really hard but it was
probably the strongest thing I've had to
do like the hardest thing I've had to do
also I know that it made me a much wiser
and better person O'Hara like I would
never change anything but I would I wish
that I had realized it sooner that's all
and when you're in the throes of a
breakup do you like a bad breakup do you
feel like life is never going to get
better yeah of course I feel like I
never meet anybody else but I'll never
be happy that I'll always feel alone but
then I felt like that for probably the
first two weeks and then I felt relief
that this person wasn't making me feel
so miserable but you noticed like almost
immediately I was completely back to how
I used to be and I was starting to be
happy again I was starting to do YouTube
more you stopped sleeping in my dining
room for like 20 hours a day I actually
drove straight to Louise's when it
happened because I knew if I was on my
own I would not be able to cope yeah
this is you looked after me I was a lot
of fun but I think if
all this is sad but um I think it's all
it's it's hard because it's your heart
over your head
because your head knows you need to walk
away but your heart I beg holding on all
my decisions with my heart which as we
well know it's not always the best way
to make decisions nice sometimes you do
have to like ease your head a bit at the
time I felt like I was going to feel
like that what all I do in that like
period of time we are like oh go to your
best friend's house if you don't if you
can't reach your best friend's house is
there anything you should like tell
yourself or like would you guys getting
out or likes doing in and relaxing don't
stay in I think staying in is the worst
do from everything if they need to
contact you they'll have your phone
number and I did get the classic looking
what's up your best friend all I can
what's up your best friend to check
you're still alive and okay um but I did
have the classic answers the real never
dude again I took you for granted I'll
never find anyone as good as you but you
have to completely let that go over your
head do not fall for that once you know
your jobs because better to embrace
yourself embrace your yeah brace
yourself for it because it will come
whether it's two days after or two
months after it will happen at some
stage and then there'll come a point
where neither be speak anymore and you
just feel like free thank god that's
over
so it really feels a much more peaceful
definitely like I last year was like a
blur of just flash it 40 percent of time
I'm having like an amazing fun time
laughing your heads off 10% was like
average and then 50% the time you were
crying about something yeah I would like
to say what advice would you give as a
best friend to someone that's going
through a bad breakup patience because
to you you might be thinking but you're
free what's your problem like your this
is not what I thought too you better
yeah be easy for you think you're free
now it's gone now what's your problem
especially if you've not been through a
bad breakup yourself but just think that
person they're like heart is broken like
yours have been broken a long time ago I
was shattered into tiny pieces so I was
like I'll just wait and slowly your
heart will heal a little yourself again
and these things can't happen overnight
so you just have to be like the nice
person so
it's okay you can take two weeks to heal
this or two years but I'm not going to
leave you because that person's just
suffered a big loss in their life and
they don't leave more loss yeah of loss
and also I really liked that you also
encouraging because when I came to debt
Louise's house she was always like shall
we pop out to the supermarket and grab
some little bits to eat and also it was
the timer answer on the city and I did
not what did I did not want to go I was
like I can't go and you were like we
don't have to go but it would be really
nice and it might cheer you up and it
did and it was absolutely perfect but
she didn't push me to do things she just
encouraged me and I think that helped
too thanks to me just thinking about
last year is there horrible like piece
new handbag anyway let's not cry I'm
glad that you're not treated like that
anymore and if anyone ever did treat you
like that again also I never really a
probably fine business and I will kill
you you've seen that film taken no I'm
also I never really appreciate how
frickin annoying it must have been for
you for me to ring you every day crying
about the same guy but you never showed
any annoyance like you are so strong
you're like you'll know when the thing
is as you'll know when the right time to
walk away is and nobody can tell you as
hard as they try and don't get angry you
know anger with me you're never like oh
for God's sake Zoe stop going on about
the same issue just walk away you were
always just like sometimes then while
you were talking I would just be reading
blogs Oh sometimes what you are crying
in your car or Ebay intention I think
it's because I obviously don't want to
human pain so I know that if you're if
you need tough an hour and a half of
crying on the phone then it's not really
get off my nose and and it makes me feel
better and also I know that I can cry on
the phone to you or have many a time
yeah I literally could not count on to
housing Matt Ramsey both cry to each
other doll phone it must literally
hundreds it's such
emotional that's it we're okay now
anyway if you are going through a really
tough relationship and a really bad
breakup with somebody that you loved or
loved um it's never going to be easy
stay strong stay strong just know that
everything happens for a reason what
doesn't kill you makes you stronger and
I always told myself that constantly and
if you're feeling a bit sad you can just
watch this video and think of us as your
friends that care because we love you
and you will find someone else free
yourself if you need to give yourself
permission to be happy go into all the
things you do and just enjoy your life
because I was really corny but you do
only get one of them the ask you unless
you believe in reincarnation but if you
don't which I don't then you should
really probably like make this one
alright
otherwise you'll be pretty sad when
you're old saying and if you are in a
relationship that is controlling and
manipulative and it makes you miserable
more than it makes you happy please
consider not changing that because I
feel like kind of wasted a lot of my
time and efforts on somebody that didn't
deserve it I'm like I could've given to
somebody else who did deserve it
so all as much as I wouldn't change what
happened because it's maybe Who I am now
I would never let the same thing happen
again and I hope that none of you ever
yeah we hope your father's helpful and
not too depressing I'm sorry we nearly
cried um
in next week's episode overall episode
that's okay I said how did you okay in
next week's episode
Mia Louise will be discussing uni versus
mocked uni that is on my channel which
is spring clip chatter all your finishes
below you can click on a little face now
a little cheer of fish and we will see
you over on her channel next week thanks
for watching bye if you're not thinking
yeah I really want to do this if you're
thinking oh I don't I'm not sure even if
I got a show yeah yeah if you're
thinking I'm not sure I'm not the person
goes it's fine come on it's fine then
that's a boundary that's been crossed
and you are well within your rights to
say no you're crossing my boundaries and
I don't consent to this and I don't want
to do this
