good morning everybody
it's super early in the morning it's
about quarter past seven and it's
Saturday and I thought it would be nice
to take Nala out on a very early morning
walk because it looks like a really nice
day like look at the sky gonna be a nice
day but also I was really awake and I
just felt like going on a walk and I
knew that Nala would appreciate that so
that is what we're doing and ice to get
out I love coming outside when no one
else is awake it's like the best time of
day it's so like chill and you can hear
the birds singing and it's really all to
me and there's no one else around it's
just one of those really nice like crisp
autumn mornings it's quite chilly but
the sun's coming out I think it's rising
anyway so yeah I have of course left
Alfea in bed and also Jo is around at
the moment which is really nice he's
stayed for the second night last night
and we've just been getting a lot of
things done we've had a Christmasy photo
shoot for sugg life without giving too
much away that is something coming that
I think you're all going to love and
that was firm has we got to turn our
living room into a Christmasy theme not
gonna lie there was a huge part of me
that wanted to leave it up but we didn't
we took it down we also filmed a video
yesterday which i think is one of my
favorite videos where I turn Jo into
something you may have seen on my insta
story I turned him into penny wise and
although I feel like I've barely spoke
in the video because I was concentrating
so much I think you're gonna really
really enjoy it so that should be coming
out in a couple of weeks and yeah I
encourage all of you to get up a little
bit earlier than you normally working we
just get outside I did not have a shower
I threw clothes on wash my face brush my
teeth
and that was it just one went for it I
just found another concur live look at
him he's so round and shiny there's
another one in that Oh another one
no no look it oh she's got it in her
mouth drop the conker geek yo you want
me to throw it again oh we lost it don't
eat it though good night
bring it with you bring it with you
don't eat it
come on she's just got it in her mouth
like a proud hooch just like look at me
with my conquer let me see naina what do
you mean no don't eat it I think she's
got it come here
no we're gonna get rid of this now no
bye-bye oh it's gone no cuz you're gonna
eat it
come on come on it's gone good girl home
and very hot I do not need all of those
layers he may notice I have a really bad
cold sighs actually two cold sores and I
get them pretty often it's just this one
was so painful so it was one huge one
and then a little one underneath it and
it's just starting to clear up like this
is the best it's looked it's gonna do a
autumn makeup because I know that you
guys really want to see it and I
couldn't do it because this just looked
awful my lip might be more up to scratch
tomorrow but we shall see fingers
crossed
now I don't know what I'm gonna do I
think I might put a film on and start
editing cuz the boys is still asleep so
I may as well start the day I've now
started operation houseplant which is
where once a week I go around with my
jug and I water all our houseplants so I
thought maybe you could come along with
me and see how ridiculous it is and how
many I have
the coffee so hopefully they'll get up
now below we have cereal I'm really in
the mood for something else
and I didn't know what and then I
remembered that I had some puff pastry
that goes out of date in like two days
and I was like right that's it I'm gonna
try and make something with hairs why
not it was so gross I'm gonna make
something with puff pastry and these
spreads yes
let's cut them into squares
oh my god I love Nutella
carmack right mr. Dolan up in the middle
I don't really know how I'm rolling me
might do like a joint
natella Platt god this ain't gonna go
right I'm now going to put these in the
oven and see what the heck happens
no idea what's gonna happen here guys no
idea just in time these actually look
okay look I've made little like Nutella
pastries yeah yeah look and like a
little pocket yeah I'm smelling them
tummy I just was like what can I do with
putting Oliver who this morning hmm can
I put it in here yeah
wherever now he's office now and we've
just filmed a little pilot thing toilet
yeah a little pilot with some
microphones it was very exciting don't
know if it'll ever be anything but it
was really fun to do it and it's a
really cool idea so we are now gonna
head back over I think we're gonna try
and go to Waitrose I'm being cue is that
still the plan yeah I want to get a
drill for the pumpkins whoa okay yes for
the pumpkins yeah a drill and a drill
bit we felt we should have that in like
like a toolbox in our house really just
in case you ever need to drill things
we're off to wait try me now if you're
both wearing yellow like a bunch of
dickheads today yellow dickheads
what do you do when you find the perfect
pumpkin get your boyfriend to get in
there do you think oh that's a good one
I like that one
I think that's great okay perfect
I might get a couple of little ones for
the step like little tiny ones its
trolley right now it looks amazing right
let's pay oh we don't you pay we just
need to
yay it's not horrible I love that this
smells like pig because it reminds
me of living in the countryside
basically we can smell like farm
farmyard no from the boot look how cute
this bag is I love it and poop I like
that smell I don't think it's poo I
think it's just farm you gonna wear that
hat
we're fully loaded and ready to go
Alfie's just realized that he's still
dressed for summer you said you a chilly
should you make you fast oh yeah oh my
god that was really good hole in a
pumpkin no not gonna lie oh my gosh
that's the screwdriver look scary blimey
I wonder if there's anything in here
that we could use to cough pumpkin
though do you think yeah really we don't
need them nutmeg oh my goodness Nala
your spider it's so scary it's almost as
good as her scorpion but not quite she
looks so cute isn't she
I'm so happy at Pitzer yeah we also
bought her a little toy enjoys because
she loves crunchy toys or less tiller
that's what I do is breathe properly you
can't breathe properly time to relax and
breathe in through the nose breathing
that means slowly now I've just noticed
Eve your yoga is called what does that
say yogurt to help you poop I said yo to
help you get me poop rather than far I
feel different fathers improve Joe's
convinced he's got something like
seriously wrong with his stomach so now
he's doing poo yoga it's legit called
yoga no good to help you people
I'm just sat here editing my beauty
video oh no a Christmas range beach
video and Joe's just doing some yoga
down here she's just lying oh she's
moving now I don't see how this is gonna
make you poo though oh it's always still
had one of those days yesterday where I
feel like it would have been so much fun
to look back on because so much happened
but it was so busy that I didn't vlog
who did flog asking sob Jove logged okay
you can go and watch their vlogs and all
day I kept thinking I wish I was logging
because so much is happening but we
launched these yesterday these are our
Halloween all this one's got a mark on
it oh no these are our snug life
Halloween jumpers they actually sold out
in an hour and a half which is crazy
you guys are mental so I mean hopefully
are we going to be doing a restock we're
going to try and do a restock but
obviously there's a limited time before
Halloween so yeah fun fact these purple
jumpers they're trying to make more
basically we can do a restock if they
can make more in time because there's no
point selling these like after Halloween
but I will let you know and also make
sure you're following the Creator store
and thug life on Twitter and Instagram
and that's where you'll get your updates
by obsessed with this jumper Joe
actually designed this pretty much was
it like at the start of the year I can't
remember what it was
hooray we designed this like goosebumps
style like slime logo and I really
really like it we're still waiting for
papi and Shawn to arrive that's why I've
got this on by the way because we're
filming a Halloween video and I was like
this is the perfect top to wear in their
video yeah I'm excited you're right down
there Alfie look at my little ostrich oh
okay so what I mentioned I'm sorry it
would be nice oh yeah I did I just um
it's destroyed your book I thought it
would be nice because so many of you are
attending hello world which I have
spoken about on my zoella channel
although I don't know if I've mentioned
it here on my vlogging channel yet which
is why I wanted to sit down with these
two and fill you in on any details
because we're all going to be there
there are still tickets left if you want
to come I will leave links in the
description box but it's gonna be
freaking amazing and I've got my own
little Zoe's winter garden which I'm so
excited for you to see because it is
like the most elaborate cool thing you
have ever seen and Joe is gonna be there
what you'll be doing well you know me
I'm a little prankster you know I know
you want to give way too much but I'm
gonna be I'm gonna be dipping in and out
of different things joining people on
stage with certain things I'm doing like
a meet-and-greet there that's supposed
to be pretty fun yeah I'm really really
excited I've got books items there
that's what I mean yeah book signings
I'm sure I can sign some of your books
too if you bring some along I'm doing a
merch meet-and-greet as well I'll try to
stuff and the great stores SEO guys
matches there as well what kind of thing
can people expect cuz I feel like a lot
of people are like I want to get tickets
but I don't know 100% what's happening
there it's I want to read from the floor
plan I could know pictures on screen now
can i I don't know when we're allowed to
put them up I don't know when we might
be able to we might be allowed to put
some rings with us so everything on
poster there's a really cool elements
this event which have never been done in
any other event in the UK that I have
ever been to anyway before and it's
gonna be really interactive it's
kind of a new cool way of meeting some
of your favorite youtubers or I mean
there's so many people coming go and
check the website to see if someone you
love is going and yeah it's gonna be
really really cool it's in Birmingham
it's on the 28th and the 29th there's
still tickets available so make sure you
grab some if you want to be a part of
this crazy event I feel like if you
don't get tickets and go you're gonna
see it online and be really annoyed at
yourself that you're like not that
serious FOMO the sunday day happy that
falls in line with socks under as well
so that means it makes it extra special
Sunday's me special I sadly special but
also Sunday yeah don't forget about
Sunday yeah there's two days so it's
nice to get any tickets for one day
check if there's tickets available if
you can get like to get for the second
half of each day yeah and also I try to
explain it's not a meet-and-greet like
even if you wanted to go and see Zoe and
you didn't manage to you have some
reason the event itself is so sick that
doesn't matter you know you hey just to
queue up to meet people the photo when I
say I meant book signing fun event yeah
the focus isn't on the creators the
focus is on like you guys as much as it
is on us so it's like we want you to
have the best experience there whether
you see Joe or Alfie or not the chances
of you being able to see them are
obviously very high because we're
they're like a music festival yeah music
when you buy the ticket before you even
get before the list is announced you're
like even if there isn't people there
who I absolutely love I'm still gonna
have a fun time cuz the festival is fun
well I would agree this year everyone
want to go and see I mean eyes did see
if I want to go and see but I'm not on
my list but I said doing other fun stuff
that's going on there yes what what
happened to be so many other things
going on that a lot of time you you will
forget that we're even probably there
and it's also an amazing opportunity to
make friends I've seen quite a few
people going oh I'm nervous to go
because it's just me on my own and don't
forget there will be so many other
people that are on their own as well and
you're all there to have fun and make
friends and I think it's going to be a
really amazing opportunity for everybody
just be so cool to be there
have one thing in common that you like
watching youtubers and other people from
social medias be people there from other
platforms as well yeah cool can I have
this clip using this clip so he's back
into my well if I can put images of what
this will roughly look like on the
screen I will do it now look at the
images look how cool they look guys
don't they look cool look how cool they
look my face and if you can't if I can't
put them in I enjoyed that tip anyway
so yeah get your tickets 28th and 29th
of October Birmingham Genting arena you
won't want to miss anything
Genting I say Genting yeah there is I
always say that I always say that okay
yeah perfect see that in the description
come along Saturday and Sunday how much
does your arm ache really it also just
point out Sunday we clean what we do
well rehearse my son if I can son isn't
oh I know I was gonna say I know I was
gonna say what even if you see the the
schedule of the day you see the floor
plans you see the pictures and
everything there are so many secret
things happen yeah and I really really
want to explain that they are secret you
there isn't a way of finding out there
will be so many like meet-and-greet
opportunities and things that you can't
get tickets to you can't buy tickets you
like could find them you could be given
them you like there's so many secret
things happening at this event that you
could be walking around and then the
craziest happens ever and like Joe's in
front of you but like you wouldn't
notice like it's hard to explain
yeah it is different to Saturday as well
it's slightly different but I don't know
for sure what do you think oven null is
not gonna be there unfortunately no but
she's got a row you are a human would
you come to hello world yes right anyway
guys yeah come to hello world we're
really excited to meet you and see you
and more importantly I just know that
you'll have a really really good time
Jerry I have fun
goodbye thanks for having me thanks for
coming
Oh God right poppy and Shawna here now
all this camera there we go and me and
Shawn are decking out the fireplace
these I feel like these webs look so
great put some like like round this bit
I reckon
yeah these webs look yeah look cool
aren't they
I thought these webs looks so good like
they're always very effective but oh my
god they're horrible to touch and
they're horrible to take down exactly
look at this so exciting is this what
you bought to put the innards in yeah
it's got holes in it it's a good job
we've all bucket Suzanne arrow my god
I'm gonna eat all of them yeah oh my god
they look so great I need to find some
more of my sour mal worms that I've been
obsessed with Oh
delish delish oh look
we bought some of these too oh that's
funny that remind you of the little kid
from Nightmare Before Christmas
oh I've not seen that no yeah I do need
to watch that right I'm gonna help you
with these webs
oh no way
nice
No why did I start filming this look at
the table this is for Sean's channel by
the way guys so making sure Wednesday's
going up short on Halloween okay and if
you haven't already guessed
we're about to carve a pumpkin yeah it
looks like a bloody horror film with you
wearing that mask not gonna lay it's an
absolute mess in here but we've got the
pumpkins outside of candles in so here
we go Sean's taking some pictures to
decide who the winner is on Twitter and
everyone decide guys these pumpkins it's
festive I can't wait to do all of them
on the step I can't even tell you
funny she looks I just thought up out of
the zone fur turned around and it was
just her little face like staring back
at me in the blanket no night then no
night then oh my god it's so cold up
here we just that it's so nice in here
well as oh my god Alfie because the last
thing I wanted to be energized before
bed oh yeah yeah you opened all the
fridge
I'm not sure I like it actually nothing
why should you know we're not actually
going to sleep right now well I say that
the minute I get into bed I normally
just fall asleep I really really really
want to print a ton of photos for this
house like every single room I want is
what this cold room has made you more
energized look how you're blogging
no I actually just watch it's made me
need a week one thing we didn't get to
do in the old house was to print out all
our favorite photos and have them around
the wall because I do feel like photos
make a house a home and it puts like a
very personal staple on it and our last
house never had any photos anywhere and
I don't want the same thing for this
house so I'm gonna sit and troll through
as many different external hard drives
as I can find to see if I can find any
that I love and that we can print and
like put like on all walls everywhere
