succeed me on it no soon find out in the
comments moment oh hello everybody I am
here with my best friend Louie and we've
decided that we want to do something on
second channels where every other week
we were posting a video on each other's
run choice on the topic of our choice
but also inspired by you guys because
obviously we get asked so many questions
and there's never really enough time to
apply to everybody and obviously we want
to help in any way that we can so
decided to sort of go along
topics that would be helpful for you
like a little mini series and we'll
react for as long as you want to watch
it yeah so if you have any future video
requests feel free to leave them in the
comments
and we've got some lined up already so
we've got the next month's kind of
sorted but for the future yeah whatever
no that's No yeah okay so the first one
is obviously on my channel so hello more
zoella and I hope lots of Louie's people
sprinkler Ian's sprinkler eNOS bah and
we're going to talk about why are you so
skinny which is something that I hear on
a regular basis I also briefly mentioned
it on my blog quite on time ago actually
but a really good blog post I like to
that thank you thank you a lot of people
liked it and helped them and basically I
just get asked quite a lot in general
public and by friends family members
already I get asked it why is there so
skinny but like we can all see with our
eyes because that's what you see with
that so he's a small person but when
someone says white is skinny it's not
asking if I think it's implying some
things in it
it's imply it's basically saying why
uses it's almost like what answer do you
want me to give you I'm skiing because I
have an extremely high metabolism I'm
tiny anyway I've slice through feet my
skeleton is very small a tiny little
happens but I have a go ahead like I've
a normal-sized head
I'm just really small and my hands I
actually have quite small hand yeah you
actually have snow hell's no and I just
find it really offensive and I don't
think I'm the only person I think if
someone was slightly overweight um and
they would be as if so
one said to me why are you so chubby
it's like well I'm chubby because I eat
too much cheese and pasta but you're but
you don't know that I could have a
thyroid problem I could have some I
could be on medication stare what you
can stare lately larger eye I could have
had um an eating disorder and or
something like and it's just so rude to
ask it and like assuming that it's an
okay question it's not an okay question
it's also not an okay question if
someone does have an eating disorder
like do the thing oh hell yeah these
people have body images I don't have an
eating soul
I've never had an eating disorder but
those people have is surely mee-shee
it's the same amount as I do if we've
had Domino's for breakfast for goodness
sake but I don't even think it's fair to
ask people who may have eating disorders
why they're so skinny like they have
body issues already you don't need to
implant that into their mind even more I
think the message of this video is is
and is going to be just accept that some
people are slim skinny the defensive
wear skinny is the equivalent of fat we
think I would say so yeah why you
wouldn't say why I say fat know some
people are slim some people are big some
people tool some people short some
people have big thighs and small arms or
the other way around they take a
shoulder it's just how it is like you
don't need to ask people why their body
is the way it is it just is the way it
is and this it's like your mom who's
like sensed a problem alright you really
are doing it because you care and you
thought a lot about it though I think
that's a separate issue I don't think
that if you think a friend might have
some sort of problem that should go and
question it's just when strangers do it
that really good as me I think what
we're trying to say is don't say skinny
things say I'm saying like fat and obese
yeah I don't agree that people should
ever comment on anyone elses size and we
are a family of borrowers but there
should never be a real my not know what
borrowers a borrower is gonna be a
little borrower people bar
and that there should never be an
explanation or what's the word I'm
looking for a justification for why you
are how you are
it affected my self-esteem because in
school I was always like Twiggy and like
you can only imagine where I look like
without boobs in a bum stick a stick I
look like a stick and yeah a stick with
her and I always came to pee and I have
the scrawny ass legs and the boniest
knees and little bony elbows my
collarbones used to stick out and it
actually really made me very insecure
about my body because everyone be like
oh get some meat on you and oh god
eat some pies and doing like pies and I
have got meat on me you could give
someone a real complex about their body
and I don't think that's there
regardless of whether you're really
really tiny or really really large thank
you no I was doing that oh oh you're say
again I'm not use my hands I think that
if you are slim like Zoe or curvy like
me or if you want to read about it
skinny and fat then I think that's okay
if you're happy and you're healthy
then screw what everybody else thinks
like as long as you're happy and healthy
if you're unhealthy then that's going to
address and I actually think that I
could lose weight I would be a healthier
human being if I lost weight but
currently I'm happy and that's not
really something that I need to address
on camera at this very moment I think if
there's anyone that had an issue with it
they'll be doing something about it
yeah I think it's not for you to say I
correct myself I think for the most part
it's not for you to say you're really
skinny have you got something wrong or
what are you doing that's making you
that way however I we both think that if
you have a friend who you think might be
suffering from so sort of problem that
she could do with some habits doing or
he had a problem with then you can think
of a better way you could address it in
a better way it's very insensitive I
think yeah I mean if somebody I've known
people who have had eating disorders and
if I would say white is skinny that is
not going to make them go there right I
haven't eaten
disorder I should you know deafness not
using food or I should eat more food
thanks they've solved me that's not
going to help that's just gonna do no
good at all so point is be a decent
person perhaps you don't realize that
saying why you're skinny is rude it is
rude I just thought it also says or
because I think people will see it from
the other side because I had a lot of
people saying this on my blog post is
that they'll say are you sure they're
not complimenting you
because being skinny is having as a
great thing because everyone in the
magazines are so skinny and models are
so skinny but personally it's never been
said to me as a compliment and if it is
it is so slim there's such a difficult
up to someone's a comment before I eat
when I was the stage of the guy was it
evening and I have friends at twins were
both really slender they've got like
your body shape and they're taller and I
said to one Anna once we were going on
right out is it oh my god you look so
skinny in the outfit and she was like
now I feel really insecure Isaac but why
I would love to look so it's literally
that word yes she was like skinny Zarif
it was like I look so thin she was like
no I was not good I was like water it's
a she's like just say nice like I
wouldn't say you wouldn't mean you know
Kevin Alicia yeah he looks like a
delicious look so like rounded would you
know you look great in that outfit yeah
although if someone said to me I love
your cursor like thanks very much but
then if someone said to me I love your
little waist I wouldn't see that as
offensive because I would know that they
were saying that as a compliment a lot
of people just think saying oh yeah
think about your work it's literally the
wording and long way to say it more of
the story be nice if you're slim like me
and you worry about it please don't
worry curves will come boobs will come
your bottom will wobble and if you're
bigger like me don't worry about it
either unless you feel like you're
unhealthy and you would like to lose
weight don't lose weight because someone
has pressured you to if you are happy
and healthy and you think I've got great
arts and great boobs which I think I
have actually as I've seen both and a
great way I can just go on I think the
greatest agree to that they're great
don't worry about it listen I'm enjoy
yourself you want one day you'll be old
and you'll be dyeing it clean yeah and
you'll be like you know what I should
have just really like lived mindful oh I
should have worn those short skirt that
I really like pan around with free
abandon not worried about well my thighs
wobble as I do it will people be
vlogging me will they put it in slow-mo
maybe nevermind who cares who cares also
if you do mean it in a really nice
complementary way then there are
definitely nicer ways of putting it and
it's good that you wanted to give a
compliment yeah everyone loves
compliments just make sure I love you're
actually giving a compliment and not
being yeah yeah yeah okay so that is the
first installment I've done a blog post
on this as I said and we probably I did
probably explain that in a little bit
more of a short form so if you do want
to see that the link is below um next
week the video will be up on Louisa
second channel which is spring of
chatter you can click her face now yeah
so go make sure you subscribe to her to
see the second topic that we'll be
talking about which will be boundaries
and saying no and that's very important
so um click like if you enjoy these
videos it's just something different and
push something a little extra to add
also leave your comments below if you've
had any experiences and yeah if you do
be respectful to each other I don't want
to see like a big like you know this is
not a debate store like this is not
debate videos there's no nor helpful
videos and you know if we've helped one
person then great so thank you so much
for watching we love you thanks for
watching bye and then it goes into like
a nice little messy bun and I really
like it do you like it Darcy I don't
have a cat meow meow um Darcy had a go
at makeup didn't you
ya got penis you got pink on your eyes
got bushes
