are you eating my pop-tart missus yeah
yeah and what
here's we got down here what's this what
is you but what is it
clay frack it's a guinea pig guinea pig
that's the reason why yeah um he's
asleep isn't he Darci mm-hmm yeah he's
asleep with the fork and the bear on the
blanket and out Shh oh sorry sorry
Thanks
got back from the hairdresser's and I
have my hair really super cool and you
can just about see it there there's like
a big plat here and then it goes into
like a nice little messy bun and I
really like it do you like it Darcy $1
is a cat meow meow um
Darcy had to go up makeup didn't you
yeah yeah that piece you got pink on
your eyes got brushes brushes you use
brushes yeah and you're a cat with some
extra sort of eyebrow going on I've
found a brown hole and Louise over there
okay just getting ready for some hair
autumn look but what am i doing riding a
train we're listen to Becky CJ as always
we like I don't we
I've also got a cute little feel a
little flat round the bun Oh dassey's
bottom in my face
you what you don't say right and you put
outfit
it is de Paume have been at your house
for I can't remember you ever not being
here
all the days merging together I think
I've been at your house for there 43
it's always dealing what day it is
dear 42 where am I so we're currently
sat in the car um it's actually Louise
actually Darcy filming day today and I'm
filming a video with Darcy so you have
that to look forward to proving to be a
lot more difficult that we thought it
was going to be isn't it show me this
made us all mmm yeah because she's
asleep
smile hello miss Bobby hello listen to
the word yes what are we doing now
happen to be stuck up in the boot and
the fool let's cut the drink yeah a
cloud my base this my big da see this
mommy's Jame the Banco puts the pieces
finished
la Zoe dancing oh yeah what you're doing
to you
yeah both laughing okay so for my main
channel video with our CMR I had to pick
anything she wants from the shops and
we're doing a haul so this is so far
what she's chosen quite a lot okay maybe
we should move away from the sweet so
I'm not a shopping trip we found these
little hair things and they have like
hair sticking out of them and Darcy's
but this one on and she's got long hair
so pretty
Oh Louise the slammer oh sure let Holly
please going to show so he gets a
pedicure
so currently in McDonald's car park and
you are doing take two of carpark
karaoke because take one was to be
catalyst a failure basically see this
the whole time and we got stopped and
stared at by police and there are other
multiple things that went very very
wrong so we are we doing it and this is
currently what is happening
who needs gorilla pod or a GoPro all
those boys Jack has been wasting their
time with all their fancy cameras all
the news bit sticky tape look at it I
mean come on Louise you're watching
Louie you're welcome you oh dear we've
met these guys once we're filming our
REO karaoke video and they just joined
shake willing Brittany they're such nice
lads it's good for you oh these are our
new friends
I've never been to Wellingborough it's
gonna wing a video for my channel and it
looks like this so far
mmm and a towel on the floor I wonder
what it's going to be I'm afraid I'm
invited ok so we've just finished
filming I don't like I've been crying
we've laughter oh I've had a really nice
time at your house Louise I've had a
real home hurry you have it was like
when you say happy birthday to someone
you just go that's okay I've done that
before
what oh happy birthday that's okay like
water day like lots of love you're
welcome
one can say is I literally tired I look
really strange
basically we've just done a video where
we are we've removed all our makeup we
did a video where we smeared a household
food items on our face and it was
disgusting and I hated it and in that
video I'm gonna look like the least
friendly person ever but I just couldn't
feign any enthusiasm because oh so no no
losses like I'm far too above putting
this on my friend above Marmite upon my
flesh
and but now you're going and I go have
my auntie's birthday its skeleton dress
that's the irony me dress as a skeleton
yeah I love it
because skeletons are very very thin but
we all have different sized skeletons my
skeleton is actually bigger than yours
but yeah but our heads because I don't
have a fat head yeah that's just yeah
with everyone has different size
skeletons and yeah I'm going now so I
love you like to let me stay
come back soon farewell sweet on and you
come to my house again a cave that
drives we're gonna buy your Sat Nav and
make you drive steel god I've November
maybe quite possibly
you've got no plans I know you haven't
ha ha ha ok goodbye
come on nigga morning morning yeah I
just said to Louise I'm gonna start my
vlog because it's the morning and this
is what we're doing with sat in bed
obviously we didn't stay in the same bed
yes we did we're lesbians there we
didn't I stay downstairs I crept up
