good morning morning morning yeah I just
said to Louise I'm gonna start my vlog
because it's the morning and this is
what we're doing with size bed obviously
we didn't stay in the same bed yes we
did we're lesbians no we didn't I stayed
downstairs I crept upstairs yeah to tell
Louise the story of my nightmare where
oh I told her the story Louise had a
sexual dream about another youtuber I
won't mention who it is and I had a
dream that me Louise had a massive fall
out and I told her to go f off into her
troll hole which I've never even said in
real life I don't know where that came
from
and then it was just like no don't look
now's like why this is what we do it's
exactly what we should do we just lying
here at what's the time oh let's say
it's 9/11 25 and there's Louise chummy
you have to share them in your true form
I look awful so do I come on show them
what we really do um I wanted to get up
a good breakfast but Louise was like no
I want to stay in bed she is like a
little turtle head we're just lying here
in bed
Oh Louise is just like like it
Louise is touching my bottom whacking
into me you're breaking up you came on
to me you're backing into me now why are
you so strong for such a feeble little
thing
morning hair is questionable it looks a
bit like km mmm I don't know but it
bounces nicely Alexa's se we've just
found some videos which we're super
excited up oh yeah we do like a new
feature we yeah we do no new feature
what we're doing is taking a lot of your
serious comments because we get like
kind of upset that we can't reply to
everybody who have problems and issues
and we're addressing those in videos to
try and help you because there's not
really anything like that and I think
that we're a great bunch for advice and
we care and we care I'm just doing an
Instagram picture Oh hmm I need to do an
Instagram um which is charging my camera
because it was running out so we're
gonna do some more after this and all
the colorful ooh real candles lit lit up
you belong together tick you were not
for ever and ever no matter where you
are you're my guiding star lighting
lighting starting your again you smell
like the string of a clean tampon you
smile at the lock on a public toilet
door you smell like the hinge of a car
you smell like a rusty piece of metal
you smell like a camera lens you smell
like a pebble you smile at my eyelashes
you smell like my earlobe you smell like
six inches squared of carpet you smell
like curtain holder you smile I quicker
you smell like plaid there currently
Mora Thor here's to me and here is Darcy
wait Darcy one that one yeah that's you
and and we're just going to select some
food I might want to find those pretzels
that I was going on about in my vlog
because everyone said you can get them
in the supermarket Oh favorite yeah
essential obviously and I already feel
very confident vlogging in public now
here yeah I don't sleep looking at you
but I just think yeah oh
Darcy's vlogging oh I'm not so much oh
she thinks she's walking cliche hi
there's some shoe cakes bingo yes
finally found some with the Darcy will
not look over the fruit
bless you Darcy
don't see you're going too fast
don't speed house pizza she okay
structure she got her seatbelt on
you've not got your seatbelt on
what sorry Joseph take my coat off okay
yeah okay I'm kiss baby good night
you're gonna give baby a kiss good night
ah so wish to get a bed just to get bed
swimmy okay so I'm a baby this side see
get cozy or sorry
those are 70 bad y'all ready to get lie
here okay yeah so I've got baby and
Darcy is this not how everyone spends
their Monday night
trami um I've been made to go bed all
cozy with baby and Darcy hello so we are
currently so we are currently in the
living room hi there's Louise over there
on a sofa
what a great Susie Isaac ways and we're
drinking sly made here's my soul I made
so much ice with the loads of ice um I
think that actually limeade was ordered
but since there was no lie made and it's
nearly Halloween sly made was the one
that was delivered yes they wanted to
get you in the Halloween mood set of
physiology so Marcy nectar nasty nectar
and sly made then it sound very
appealing
Tremayne I'm very appealing
you don't appeal to me you do you're my
best friend you appeal to me so much I
love you I think I'm gonna say good
night here I hope you have enjoyed this
footage so far and I think the next
couple of days I will make into another
video so I love you and goodbye
say goodbye to me goodbye Shelly Oh
Darcy calls me chummy now I also just
like to add back which i think is really
cute she gets sometimes she calls me Zoe
and sometimes she calls me Charlie and
sometimes she calls me Zoe chummy so
I wonder what she thinks is my real name
or a bit of Downton oh yeah look is
wrong domi and Darcy having no Knights
aren't we Darcy Wow yeah no guys she
Jackie you had to see Jackie today yeah
and what else did you see yeah you saw
some
