good morning everybody it is now Friday
the 23rd and I'm up in my office I just
imported my footage to upload a vlog and
it was five and a half hours worth of
footage so it's gonna take me at least
five and a half hours to edit a lot of
that as time lapses and a lot of that I
can cut down but my god I think that is
a that is a more zoella record I've
never had to edit that amount of footage
for one video before ever I'm not too
sure how I've done it but somehow it
will not be five and a half hours long
if I'll try my best to get it down to
around 40 that seems to be where the
vlogs are at the moment but a lot of you
like them like that length at that
length so yeah that's what I will try
and aim to do also having at my haircut
this morning Sam and Adam are coming to
the house to cut my hair which I'm
really excited about because the blonde
has sort of faded got a lot of my
natural hair color coming through which
I actually don't mind but I'm so not
used to seeing this much dark in my
roots I guess it matches my eyebrows
again though and my hair is so long it
hasn't been this long for such a long
time and I really do like my hair short
I have enjoyed it at this length but
yeah I want to go back to like shoulder
and then I think at some point this
afternoon we're gonna head back over and
see the office because I believe they've
had a really big furniture delivery so I
think there's a lots of us going over
like lots of the team going over to have
a little look at it which is very
exciting
some an admin here now and I just
thought would give you one final before
hair shopped
oh it feels so much better
oh my god always been a while since
you've heard this to now this is the one
cause it isn't earlier we're home and
we're back from going to see the office
I think that's probably the final time
we'll see it before me and our fear
actually moving stuff into it next week
before the rest of the team move into it
towards the end of next week but I am so
happy with how it looks overall it's
just it's really cozy and offices aren't
generally cozy but I do have that as
kind of a requirement for my workspace
because that's what I've made my office
in this house feel like so yeah I'm
really excited me and Alfie are now
gonna run a bath by which the rule is
neither of us can talk or anything that
is work-related that has anything to do
with the internet anything to do with
the office anything to do with hiring
people anything to do with his podcast
nothing because what we don't show you
is like all the times that me and Alfie
like have catch ups because obviously
we're both working on our own separate
things all day and then we come together
in the evening when we have like our
time together and half that time is
spent like telling each other all about
our day which is lovely and I'm sure
that's what most couples do but because
we work in the same field yeah oh
Michael got new bedsheets
but because of what we do is so similar
and we're working on so many different
things that catch-up can normally be
like hours and I think it's nice because
we're both really passionate and excited
about the things we're talking about and
doing and a huge part of a relationship
is like communicating those things which
we do like to do but sometimes it's like
it's all we're talking about right now
the rule for the bar that I obviously
will not be vlog
because we will both be in it is we're
watching the secret life of puppies on
my laptop that is the first thing and
the reason that we are watching this in
the bath is because we cannot watch this
with Nala in on the normal TV because
she goes absolutely crazy over the
puppies and thinks they're in the house
and runs behind the TV to see if they're
there and they're not there and it's
it's like she then forgets they're not
there comes back and sees them on the TV
and thinks they're there now and it's
constant so we cannot watch that on our
TV but in our bathroom we've got the
little like chest of drawers and if you
push the laptop to the back of that
there's no way she can see the screen
look at this setup secret life of
puppies Maltesers cold water candles and
a barf on my last you know but it is
these are the bedsheets that I hope he
was talking about saying that they're so
sick I agree they are amazing
these are from why is this so sumed in
these are from Urban Outfitters I will
leave a link in the description if I
remember very summery and spring-like I
love them good morning everybody it's
Sunday it's actually not the morning
it's like the afternoon but I've had
quite a nice slow start because I have
been editing vlogs all morning I've
edited two vlogs which I'm really happy
about one has gone live but it's been
one of those days where I started off
just like editing in my PJs and I knew I
needed to write today and kind of nail
the rest of autumn so I think I've just
got like two events left in autumn to do
and then I felt really unmotivated to
write and whenever I feel quite
unmotivated which is only really on a
weekend because that's when I can get
away with not actually getting ready in
the morning whenever I let getting ready
like lead into the afternoon I either
don't get ready at all or I just don't
have that same motivation so if you ever
feel like that I do think one of my top
tips is like do a bit of a reset oh my
god there's a heron I did you see that
I hate herons I think they're like
pterodactyls
I think herons are the one remaining
living dinosaur I just think they're all
for like whenever we used to see them
back in our old house in the countryside
because we used to have fish in a pond
they're just too big to be Birds
oh we're just no just saw one fly over
and it looked like a pterodactyl
I'm not here for that yeah my one piece
of advice would probably be to do a bit
of a reset and in order to do a reset
for me I'm like get in the shower wash
my hair like shave my legs moisturize my
body like properly get ready and start
again and sometimes I even do that like
when I've already got ready in the
morning but I don't know it's just like
a full reset and then you just get that
second burst of energy and a little bit
more motivation so so if you ever feel
like that and you've got something that
you know you need to be getting on with
but you just don't feel like you can sit
down and do it whether that is some
homework a dissertation or something to
do with work go and have a shower go and
do your hair go and do your makeup put
on a nice outfit that you feel
comfortable in but that you also really
like and then try and I almost guarantee
you you'll be in a complete different
mindset and you will feel a bit more
motivated anyway that being said I've
done my reset today Saturday afternoon
and I am now going to sit here at this
window as the evening draws in and try
and do a bit of writing we've actually
got Steve and his girlfriend Alexia
coming round this evening because
they've been in Brighton all day and
we're gonna do a pizza party I know we
do these a lot but and actually I have a
section of this to write in my book I
just think they're the best thing when
you've got someone going around that's
quite last-minute and you've not like
planned or got anything in the house for
like cooking up a meal and let's be
honest
me and Alfie aren't chefs it's just
perfect because you can essentially
create it
what you want to eat and then if you are
a guest I know that if I went to
someone's house and we made pizzas I'd
be really happy about it and most people
like pizza so I feel like it's a win-win
and it's really fun because you're like
rolling out with dough and you pick your
toppings and then like you see who's
comes out best you can read about that
and cordially invited linked pre-order
is below see what is there
see ya before they arrive I'm gonna see
how much I can get done so fYI people
keep seeing this in the background of my
vlogs like either on my bedside table or
it was on the bed in Amsterdam and
people thought it was a sex toy it's not
it's a camera tripod
okay I have finished up my main
introduction finish the autumn walk and
finish bonfire night so I'm really happy
about that tip those off and I think
Alfea is now on his way back from the
shops you didn't want to go outside
I had not a chlorine at me whilst I was
writing like crying desperate for my
tech for my attention and I feel it like
that bit wilshire desperate for my
attention does anyone else have a dog
like that I'm actually not complaining
because I really love it I love that she
loves me that much
anyway I think Steve and Alexia are
almost here now so I'm going to light
some candles put the fire on and make it
as cozy as I can kofi do you feel cozy
cozy now no look at the fire we've got
candles you just arrived we need to go
and choose a board game or something
we've got so many oh I mean they're only
here I know but they're also in all the
drawers we need to have a bit of a board
game like clear out I can play this one
no why do we still have this actually so
I hate it so I'm gonna throw this away
no no I'm just saying that we are making
our pizzas your sort of looks a bit like
Australia ste yeah I like yeah whose
were the best shape I think you actually
won in terms of life circle in it yeah
piece of shape yeah but I think my dough
is has gone wrong
it's lump in hard it's never been like
that before
Alfie's like bracelet
noise obscures shade Steve's getting
stressed so you gotta let it out we have
it online the bar yeah why don't you
talk about that this is great oh yeah is
actually my heart rate yeah that one
looks pro okay one half beans half
mascarpone and tomato both of you know
making primary school watch your fingers
perfect Oh Alfie C's go in Oh yours
looks really good you've just discovered
that Alfie was too young for Byker Grove
and now I feel so old Steve show Steve
showing him handlebar mustache uh oh I
don't remember
Steve's showing Alfie them the mitt the
moment that was at pjo duncan that goes
PJ PJ I was blind got shot in the eyes
with the paintball yeah you won't
remember that right TJ it was like the
most dramatic thing in the world
the time has finally come
that I'm gonna make chocolate and
shredded wheat yeah so saucepan boiling
water bowl break the chocolate in very
straightforward
and there you have it it does not look
like the best presentation so all you
need are spoons and that and that is
just dreamy good morning everybody it's
Sunday and myself Alexia's Steve and
Alfie are nipping out to get some
breakfast
very excited I've gone a bit sport chic
for Breck I think these are Joe's Joe
are these yours I feel like you might
have left them on our house and I'm
wearing them but I like them and then
I've got a little polo neck underneath
and then my hoodie and then my coat
because it is cold outside let's go
so breakfast doesn't open till 10:00
and we thought I know let's go to a
garden center beforehand gansan doesn't
open till 10:00 either so what we gonna
do now where should we go what should we
do
we've just had breakfast at 6:00
it was delicious and now because it is
the half marathon today we're gonna just
knit down although I can't see many
people running guys think it's finished
because they would start what like 9:00
a.m. yeah yeah and then it's now like
12:00 so it's not going to take anyone 3
yeah just down by the pier ok yeah the
ones are struggling at the back ok let's
go change will be that I'm gonna give
one of them a beetroot juice a beads my
favourite day like outside but it's warm
like my face my face is warming
the Sun but in actually freezing cold
which doesn't really make any sense
dolphin if I had a smart car oh it's so
parking like that yeah like you don't
have to parallel park when you've got a
smart car you can just whip in and we
also stopped off at patisserie Valerie
and I got myself another little cake
because they're just delicious when I
used to live down here on the seafront
we used to go to patisserie Valerie a
lot so I've really missed not eating
these cakes and one happy bought me one
the other week it's all I've thought
about
so I'm gonna eat that later good morning
everybody
it's Monday this morning I am off to do
a photo shoot today Street
I'm sweet
marketing and press photos for the new
babies coming out tonight
splash bow Tanic is gonna be a really
fun shoot I'm away you can't have two
UCB back here
it's with everyone I work with for these
are sorts of shoots that I'm not nervous
for and to know that we're all just
going to have a really fun day
I realized I actually forgot to like it
yesterday but basically Steve Alexei
came back to us for a bed we just had a
really chilled to do such evening
I was I filmed edited and uploaded the
video that's going on today
as I knew I was gonna be on this shoot
so I had to get it done
ready and schedule basically went to
sleep lovely
I'm here let's go in and hope someone's
there to let me in this is the first
outfit here's everybody the team and the
man himself with the camera Wow you
should see on this oh cool
and we have the greatest showman okay
it looks so cool around here like so
many fun these are some of the outfits
we've got we've got some very lovely
bright colors this is beaut we've got
lots hanging up here there's Maddie just
filming a little behind the scenes we've
got all of Eloise's makeup lined out
look at all these lashes my crunchy
rocks photo shoot essential I would
never think to wear something like this
ever but I love it yeah and it's got
like 3/4 length
bits thankfully the Sun is out although
we are expecting a lot of snow this week
so we don't know when that's gonna
arrive work it that this is what I
normally see
a sea of people
we've got white crop top yellow earrings
and these like high-waisted jeans and
then okay we're now doing this little
jumpsuit number I actually put this in
my eighth hall the other day
we're onto more lifestyle eShop so this
is my outfit and I've got really big
hips going to be sitting in this chair
okay
okay shoot is now over this is the
cleanup crew now there was a bit of
glowing bitter growing confetti at the
end so we now have there
that was a really successful shoot day
we did quite a lot of different looks we
did some lifestyle shots we did some
Beauty shots I was starting to get a bit
of a headache towards the end this last
week has been really busy but I need my
bed basically it was so lovely to see
everybody as plays
Sunday all round now I'm gonna head home
see the boys see my doll be I quite
enjoy having days our house because it's
almost like going to work and coming
home from work which I think being in
the office is going to kind of emulate
that feeling a little bit and I'm
excited for that
because
working from home I don't have that like
going and coming back and it's quite
cute to see now they're getting a like
just fit today love to see Nala getting
like excited when I get home this is
nice very well I guess
oh my god it's dark in here
oh she's like no no I'm proving cold
only put some shoes on and go out good
morning everyone welcome to winter I
think she loves fair know it snowed last
night
Nana's never really experienced snow
like this this is like her first proper
snow experience all there's some foxy
footprints down here it's still snowing
so yeah it's Tuesday it's the day we're
supposed to be moving all the stuff into
the office but this has happened I don't
really know what the plan is gonna be
now are we gonna slack it off and have a
snow day or what's gonna happen I don't
know but I want to throw a snowball at
neither let me see your face no what is
it
a little face don't you start throwing
snowballs oh my god Alfie huh no no
it's on maps oh god I'm gonna fall
look I'm at least film you if you fall
she's having like the time of her life
are you having the time of your life
good I'm gonna fall
this is oh my god this would be great if
we had a toboggan we could slide down
here it's ridiculous
yeah it's gonna apparently it's gonna
really snow in a bit the snow started
again Wow it's insane I haven't seen
this much snow in a really long time
Nala is obsessed and is barking at the
door every like five minutes to go out
you're gonna get very cold
it is still snowing it's so nice isn't
it no Allah she's still running around
like look at the garden right now it's
mad myself and Alfie just took a couple
of photos are cordially invited because
some of the shots that were gonna be
really hard to replicate were winter
shots oh I just got a bit of snow in my
eye but obviously it's snowing so we
thought we'd make the most of coming out
so I did all my hair and makeup and like
got like nicely dressed and we came out
with a couple of photos so just know
when you see those pictures in the burka
of me and Nala
and it's all snowy that we took them
today Alfie took them on his like Big
Boy camera with a big boy lens and we'll
probably send those off to the
photographer so she can edit them to the
same style as the rest of the book that
noise I love it we've done a camembert
and we've had a hot chocolate so you're
gonna all know as much as I would like
to Sackhoff all our plans for today put
my hair from the snow it's just gone
flat there's much I don't have to suck
off all the plans for today and just
have a snow day and get my duvet out sit
by the fire and oh god how messy it is
behind me and be cozy we do have an
office to move into today and tomorrow
so that is what we're still going to
attempt to do I think we might be able
to drive on the roads
I've not seen many cars going past I'm
not gonna lie we're going to give it our
best shot
so first thing I need to do is to start
packing up some of the stuff I have in
this office I'm not really too sure what
to take a lot of the mugs I have up here
I actually did buy specifically for
people so I think maybe we should take
these and then I've got things like a
little teapot cavity err
that now that we have the office we
won't need up here I also have a
crap-ton of tea and tea bags which I
feel like the team will really
appreciate so I'm gonna pack those up as
well
every office needs the first-stage box
and this is the one that me and Carrie
had in the office but it was just the
two of us so if I'm honest let's just
never have anything no you dropped it
there's never had anything in it but I
have bought lots of little first-aid
bits and pieces so I'm gonna fill it
here's my first-aid box so far it just
has some compete invisible for cold
sores no surprise here that's for simcha
Vanya for dry and tickly coughs some
complete blister plasters because you
just never know some parities allergy
tablets because in the summer you just
know someone's gonna arrive and go ah
I've got such bad hay fever and I forgot
to take a tablet some bonjela some
forehead this is great for people who
have headaches some strepsils for saw
right some B and sting cream this was
actually something when I looked up
what's good to have in a first-aid kit
this was one of the things so I thought
I'd get that some first offence if
someone else in the office is ill
everyone else has to use their some
ibuprofen and then most exciting
although it doesn't look that exciting
plasters so I've got some like normal
ones but they've got lots of different
sizes these are all water resistant
they're like the adult blaster so I've
got two packs with those and I thought
this is a fun office we need some fun
plasters so I've got some Hello Kitty
ones which are like the cutest things
I've ever seen
there you go so you get those ones but
then these are my favorite look at
maru's that's so cool
there's a definitely the ones I was
gonna be reaching for and then because I
saw these and I also couldn't resist
some disney princess look which ones do
you get oh you get so many no office is
complete without some Disney Princess
posters
the time has finally come to start
taking the first load of stuff to the
office
Alfie's just packed up the car with like
loads of bits and pieces that we had the
sons actually come out now so it stopped
snowing the sun's out although it is
thick with snow the garden you've had
your fair share of playing now she's got
a nice warm dry coat on and Nala is
gonna go to the Mandarin Nicks and have
a little afternoon with buzz by the fire
I think right now if you've already
unloaded one load into the office we've
not unpacked it but we've put it in
there and now welcome to Churchill
Square to go to the Apple store and get
a few like monitors and like wires and
bits and pieces that you need in an
office you know
good evening everybody it's actually
Wednesday today I've not been feeling
too well but myself and I hope you have
still been coming to the office and
trying to set it all up and we're about
to be hit with a snowstorm tomorrow so
we've moved our office opening to next
week which has given us a bit more time
to kind of sort it out but we are also
going to be stuck at home and not be
able to get into the office but I just
thought I would do a little run-through
of what we've done over the past couple
of days sorry I just drank some dr.
pepper and now I'm like all fizzy and my
throat it's really cozy in the evening
as well so I feel like this is the best
time to show you excuse all the rubbish
so as you walk in you've got the beach
hut kind of cozy nook areas these are my
absolute favorite these are mostly just
for like little cap chaps or kind of
mini internal meetings so if like I need
to catch up with some a couple of people
in my team or if our feeds to catch up
with me or you know me me enough we can
have our couples catch ups in here jokes
and we've got two of these you get for
probably more than four people in each
then we've got the desk for the office
manager which I love so that will be
there and she will have her laptop here
so anyone who comes in can be greeted
and then also near the phone then we
have two meeting rooms you can turn the
lights on and off if you want to go in
or if they're being used and they've got
like sliding doors which I love or just
realize you can lock them at the bottom
so this is one and we're gonna have TVs
on the walls as well and then this is
also going to be one we're going to have
a wall that comes across here which can
be slid open or shut whether or you need
like the whole meeting room for a huge
meeting or whether you need it just
split off and you just need a smaller
meeting there is that one of the things
I love about these little windows
we need to bring some kind of like
personality to these meeting rooms I
think like maybe get some like pictures
up on the walls and definitely some
plants in the windows and some like fun
pen pots in the middle and things like
that then we've got these which we can
put hanging plants in and this is what's
going to be the photo studio so you can
come in here and this will be where lots
of photography is happening for like
merch and products and where we can keep
a lot of like lights tripods etc so this
is that room I also love that you can
see through to like the kitchen area but
we are going to have a blind put up just
in case we need it to be dark and we've
got one desk here which hasn't been
fully set up yet little table and chairs
there and we've got middle desk which is
currently unoccupied but as the team
grows this will also get taken over and
then this side is my kind of team desk
here so this is my little corner my
little NERC all the lights are really
strobing on the camera I bought this
plant from my office because it was it
didn't look too happy so I've brought
him and then we've got a screen so I can
plug my laptop in and I've got my mouse
charging and then just some like acrylic
Muji drawers which I'm gonna fill with
stuff these I'm going to put my cactus
back in here it's in the car then we've
got a plant from the office my little
zoella lifestyle calendar which I also
put one over on Alfie's team desk too
and over here we've got like the
co-working space in the corner
got my little fella lifestyle inspired
and I think this is my favorite area so
we've got these two chairs this table
and then this sofa and I've popped some
like flowers in the middle and I've done
like a fruit platter hopefully that'll
be okay by Monday and then today me and
Alfie went and bought like lots more
stuff so we've got like jugs for water
little glasses and we've got all the
mugs that I bought that have like
people's initials on I went and got some
of these jars and we've got dried
cranberries banana chips goji berries
and coconut chips these are mostly just
for like people to add to their
breakfast or to have little snacks up
here we've got Honey granola organic
whole-grain granola and mixed berry
granola and like the cutest bowls I've
ever seen from home sets and then more
water jugs cute little milk thing and
then more mugs some mint plants because
they're always nice to put in jugs of
water
I've just been washing the stickers off
of these bowls so these are from home
scents and there's like smaller ones and
then we also bought some slightly larger
ones but I love these I kind of wish
we'd got some for our home then we've
got this just in case someone needs to
wash up a mug that can't go in the
dishwasher the little first aid kit and
then a diffuser tea pot also have this
which I love we got this from home cents
we're going to keep some of knowledge'
food in it because if we ever bring her
here if we stay like later or anything
it's good to have like her food here
speaking of or we've also got the
microwave the coffee machine and kettle
and speaking of nala we also have two
cute little dog bowls for her when she
comes here and also I brought one of her
dog beds from home I thought it was
nicer to bring one from home than to buy
a new one because when she comes in here
it's gonna be like all new smells and
she's not going to be familiar with it
at all
but this she'll be like this is mine I
know this smell so I bought her dog bed
that was up in my office and then me and
Alfie went when we were in home since we
bought her a new toy because this isn't
also knowledge new office so we thought
it would be nice to have a new toy for
her we all have to excuse the mess that
is my face I have not got any makeup on
and I haven't
like brushed my hair since earlier what
did you just say the mesfet is my face
not the office yeah that man oh one
other thing
the snack cupboard so here in mine and
Alfie's office we like to make sure our
staff are very happy with the snack
selection so I think as always I've gone
a little overboard so we've got
breakfast bars which are mostly just for
me because everyone else is farting
healthy this is a box of very random
snacks and things out of sourced box
these are healthy chocolate snacks these
are just like healthy bars then we've
got these which like dried fruit like
sachets and we have all these naked bars
we've got the lemon drizzle the banana
bread the apple Danish the blueberry
muffin and the Bakewell tart and then
lots of like quinoa chips tomato and
cucumber vegetable chips and some
popcorn so that's that that's the snack
cupboard and then this is like tea and
coffee again I feel like we've got a
great selection oh and hot chocolate
with marshmallows of course we've got
lots of bluebird Lucy's tea these are
amazing and then we've got real urban
ginger chamomile flowers lemon and
ginger chai tea sugar and Earl Grey and
then just like normal tea and then
because quite a lot of us are very heavy
mint tea drinkers I bought this which is
a selection of mints I've never tried
butter mint but that sounds amazing and
then just like freshly picked taste of
garden mint and then at the top is like
coffees but we also have a coffee
machine and like coffee pods in there in
here we don't really have a lot but we
do have things that people might want to
either like sprinkle on their lunch like
salt and pepper or soy sauce or balsamic
or crispy onions and then we've got
things like Nutella peanut butter
Marmite almond butter biscuit and like
the biggest honey you have ever seen
this has Alfie's protein shake bottle
and lots of poo bags and not for us
therefore neither what else would you be
interested saying maybe the fridge I
mean there's not a lot in here all the
different milk substitutes oKed soy
vanilla almond and soy so is it so yet
or soy I don't actually know then we
have condiments and jam one random tea
pigs mature some squirty cream for hot
chocolates and some sparkling spring
water then we have a good selection of
fizzy drinks these are mostly just for
if people come for meetings lemons to
put in water and that's it so now we
need to get some like normal milk and
like butter and things and one of the
things I absolutely love about this is
that you can get instant cold water you
can get ice cubes and you can get
crushed ice I love this and I think that
is about all we also went and bought
loads of drinking glasses from home
cents but I'm currently washing those in
the dishwasher but that's the little
office tour for now and we've been
putting like things away in the cabinets
and the storage today so I feel like
we've got a lot done now all that's left
to do is get a takeaway wagamama pick up
our dog from under a nyx and go home and
have a bath because i cannot even tell
you i say it's called quite a little a
lot in these vlogs but really it's very
cold right now in brighton it was minus
10 this morning and for the UK that's
very cold like we never get weather like
this so like my hands of like crisped up
and they're all really dry like my face
is so dry everything's going wrong
because it's so cold and us southerners
just sorry we don't really know how to
cope with the cold forget crispy onions
i said because she go
great my hands skin on that's disgusting
you know I've actually got our Christmas
bunions
you know I've actually got crispy onions
in the cupboard guys
