so it's the last day and we're leaving
today which is really super sad I just
did one of the most stupidest things
I've ever done
and the sort of thing that you normally
watch on YouTube or think what an idiot
glass patio door walked straight into it
by my head and bang boom my knees and
bang both my hands that was quite a
shock kind of wish I'd recorded it for
you and Marcus is totally a way to
observe their background I'm gonna go
out in the pool for one last time so
let's go get it
let me just show them the view one last
time I really enjoyed staying here it's
been so super nice it's been like living
in a youtuber brothers hat big brother
selves doubled I've got Alfie in the
blue corner Joe in the red corner wait
just do stretches okay
you ready guys three two one oh how very
lovely and streamline well done guys
thank you thank my sister kill me now
just gonna be here today but sure she's
watching I'm not diving
look at the lovely view the hell is Troy
what sue Minter la there it is do it
sorry quick get charlie alright yeah
finished our swim I didn't go something
I just sat in the jacuzzi because we
need to all go pack now sad times
goodbye LA we'll see you again soon bye
la tired mm-hmm boys you know I'm not
looking forward to having our fight and
letting our fight yeah me neither
we are all ready to leave
got to go Troy goodbye bye Zozi bug fine
I'm gonna miss you Oh whew I'm gonna see
you like next week yeah next week Louie
I'll miss you lots
goodbye Maria her little housemate oh
thank you for letting me crash on my
couch I'll come up to you next
you're like you like the princess on the
top of the tower waving like the Queen's
goodbye Marcus
I'll miss you miss you even I'll reseed
like in a few days or something I'll see
you in three days
goodbye and the person I miss the
mostest even though she's leaving about
four hours after us
it's my cello we're kissing not licky I
don't foundation I'll see you a little
blue in about two days
by Jay I have a red velvet pancake for
me no I know what you're going to have
or have you're gonna have pancakes which
type plain bill some buttermilk plain
pancakes with hash browns and egg scraps
and watching you'll have a I know you're
thinking between two drinks right now I
think apple juice apple juice and oh
yeah yeah it depends on your mood I'm
going to cook one big fat fish chuckles
in have gone to a meeting so I can't say
goodbye to them so Jack thin goodbye I
would have hoped you at this point and
said so long so well Caspar on your hand
I'm gonna go find him whoa
Caspar good morning I'm going now
goodbye Caspar what's the time it's like
half 12 oh wow you're very hot mmm
taught me to open the window for you no
okay good night
and that is it that is la done and
dusted I hope you enjoyed my vlogs you
can click on the left to view la day 9
which is the day before or you can click
to the right and watch from the very
beginning if you click that it will take
you to my second channel with all the
other vlogs
