hey girl hey girl hey I am here with
with my boyfriend uh Tyler okay I'm
wearing Tyler's house well it's my lair
its psyche and he gave me a kind of
orange juice and it it's not a can but
okay I said carton of Courtin a carton
for my darlin do excuse us back to have
no makeup on we rushed over here because
where we're staying has literally zero
internet so I'm scabbing Tyler's you use
that word no but you are loading
together you haven't just come to steal
it yeah yeah we obviously we're both
uploading together but you'll obviously
have already watched our videos so let
me know in the comments of this vlog how
much you loved our videos and how much
you ship xyler because it's real it's
canon it's so real we're gonna go eat
lunch and then come back here make out
and then come back here and make out and
up in your videos boy Tyler hi Sammy
whines my crib come on in this is my
kitchen it's not very clean um this is
my mom
oh wait you guys sitting here I always
keep bomb here you know buddy
I'll fix your thing Oh Alfie's my living
room I love them is it yeah love it and
my little study says read it yeah nice
little pun food I haven't unpacked from
playlist or VidCon you have a lot of
boxes is that fan milk you buy stuff Wow
that's where the magic happens oh my
which way to come join me which one of
these do you like sweetie
it is very which one of these posters do
you kiss the most this one Darren Criss
mm-hmm
he's the one man one direction boy on
the phone one in these RI gold measures
huh can I go in there if I take a
chocolate egg your underneath all the
pictures you're my secret love
you're the one he unpeeled every night
you Lebec I kiss you
let's go for lunch these are my crutches
I broke my foot last month your aren't
my armpits are broken necks or something
my armpits were bruised
yeah well I'm short you know you're not
supposed to lean on them you're supposed
to straighten your leg straightener ohms
yeah yeah yeah I'm proper strong I could
work out like a workout oh I see I got
it good you got it boy how it's spelled
and this is Tyler here what drink do you
have they make special soda and it's
like super healthy super organic and
it's like sugar-free and it's like
California everything in California is
like this
I like the fatty and like RV and sugary
I got a deal I've got strawberry
lemonade
I'll see what fever I don't even know
because blackberry iced tea but it is
really weird and I can't work out I like
a lot
I also got some sour cream and onion
potato chips because we don't have those
ok so this place is so good so I needed
to take these two and we want a panini
look I'm sat on fake grubs till I can
write a hug on the field we're at the
Paul and Louise decided he's going to
try and stand on a lie low
we don't go near the edge and do it you
did it you pretty much did it here's
Troy today Troy uploaded our extremely
cool video I'll leave a link below if
you haven't seen it already very proud
of him
that's ok hey is Louise was eating
eating is usual and Tyler my boyfriend
Tom and Casper cut up like a baby Joe
and Louie and Jack ah surfing Jack do
one of your cool backflips
yeah does really cool back dive know you
own I think maybe
that was that was I think Louise was a
six and Jax was an 8-point he has a full
rotation he also has a full head of
dreadlocks which makes it heavier I need
to get away more my turn yeah already
hug my balls
Louise is there chuckling chuckling I'm
Logan is memory welcome to Merkel I've
seen your eyes for actually Oh wah wah
you are better you're in is your advert
oh gosh black urine which is the lazy
boy one I look crazy like I look crazy
they're not on the internet I think it's
very good thank you baby
I've also seen graces do you know how
much soil you bought last year
my name is Milo's I'm fine now hey Liam
now
like I was so shocked when I saw you in
the states or in England in the States
oh okay and on my video pre-rolls sorry
man
it's so cool if we were ever on an
advert in the UK it would be like a huge
deal is it a huge deal here here they're
like I think Mamie was a crazy woman in
a commercial really they popped to the
house because they just filmed with this
one what are your favourite 20 seconds
I've been here for about five seconds
hey yeah we all actually you know we're
tight Tom James okay like now our game
I'm filming yes you're filming with them
stories your daily query we're gonna
blindfold each other and touch things
Oh
it's just a bit wrong ha ha wait let me
see yeah but you're allergic to know
that I don't go in your person thank you
for watching
where are you gonna get role Fisher from
first choice general is trying to avoid
them because then they obviously ill
okay okay so the girls are on the hunt
for the items and I'm helping Jim I
think squishing I don't know let's have
a look memory has been let loose
oh alright I'll use this as a shaker the
Copic Tom's got the vodka all right
tickle martini you're making pickle
routine yeah we bring the white trash
into the London hahaha never had a
pickle
are you out of your mind so many first
to say thanks ma'am
oh that's disgust and those things you
don't like pickles I hate papers my hate
deal do you have to kill it
yeah you don't like it so she's just
pouring delicious that's only if you
like pickles if you don't like pickles
you're probably not gonna like the taste
of it very sugar okay maybe just makes
alcohol out things in the house oh yeah
just honestly this is such a vodka gme
ha ha ha oh damn
wait try the other side yeah that's the
freezer day so hot sauce in the freezer
very wrong I'm not sure about the color
of it I'm scary no color the color looks
cool I don't drink that hey gherkins I'm
gonna have to try this oh this is gonna
shake shake shake
right mom yes just one of those ships
is this your yeah oh my gosh this is
extreme makeshift martini shaker see
what a pro probably the single with
brandy and I sing along shit bottoms up
grace it is by passing a little eggnog
these are damn day but you guys should
taste it panics shrine
enjoy pickles I feel like a pleasure
they see how much does go that's how I
don't like your face yeah you don't like
their cause you're not my window are
just wrong okay oh and JMS a little god
no this is it like Disneyland means it
does not go down easy my eyes over
Washington are you still eating pickles
pickle dream no I'm telling you you're
terrific yeah let's not miss the mostest
even though she's leaving about four
hours after us it's my cello we're
kissing not licky I've done foundation
