good morning good morning good morning
morning good morning good morning good
morning you're learning morning what's
this what's this what's this upon my eye
it's what happens when you blink when
your eyeliner still wet hey today is the
first day of vision officially and this
morning that is a talk with Hank and
John Green and then there's also a talk
with Tyler and Jack obviously Jack
Oakley Jack and Finn over and there's
also a talk with grace memory and Hannah
which I'm excited to see heard of them
oh well I think you need to come up on
your YouTube no YouTube your YouTube
knowledge before you come to VidCon show
me familiar unfamiliar oh dear oh dear
so me and Louise are going to sneak out
when she's sort out that little blip she
made on her either
that holding and we're going to show you
the cue because it is in sane sleep
whoa I nearly walked into a chair
din-din
we still can't find it I've been taking
charge of the what of the way but I
think maybe I'm failing my colleagues
there and they might have to take over
at some point although I do feel like
we're getting warm what you have got
some bread pros with i-751 because
I am lost
okay right - Ivy courtyards around here
kate is still going around guys see all
round Oh through across the whole
buildings for building lots there Oh
going on this way yeah goes round there
and back on itself no all these people
are gonna be it remains like bigger than
last year yeah this is a intense
I'm a wet myself and my fever in a queue
then we saw you hang on
we have a triple vlog ception going we
do I run into
it's shake our last year at playlist
that wasn't last year that was March I
was in shape I do in the background and
I feel me it was a massive fail duty I
might comment when I crazy like zoella
zoella cuz I didn't even see you I'm the
elevator and then I went back when I was
editing then like oh why don't we say hi
so we made it reunited what happened
it's only on YouTube forever easy for
you that's all exactly the amount of
people that screenshotted it has entered
to me just to do they feel well but it's
fine look I'm right here mad sweaty I
would just ran just going on a run
they've got a running club how cool is
that it can running club you guys should
come tomorrow is down for 10 miles you
know I did too but we said that we're
gonna tweet that we did 10 and we've all
agreed to that I'm in for lying yeah
yeah okay we get a lot of teen if you
want I just not go between upset okay
yeah yeah for sure I just I thought oh
shut you in I think you're about 10
minutes 10 minutes that's good so you
have on the corridors a minute I can't
run I so ok cool well it was nice to see
you too see you around for sure will be
so amazing that I finally met shake are
really not so amazing that I have no
makeup on but now I have a face of
makeup and I'm sure that doesn't matter
in the end there's Joe being weird what
you do is you're tuned right where
you're now gonna go and watch some main
stage performances so come with us we're
surviving yeah you still half asleep
turn
yeah I just got dragged out feds I
haven't even got ready I haven't
showered down on hair makeup well you
still look beautiful Thanks sorry
and then al-khalili Louise and Joe are
up there and we're meeting Jim by the
elevators no I'm on the main stage
watched I'm missing one scene which is
reached
Oh
I just wanna live
Oh
waiting to go and rehearse our main
stage performance Kasper is absolutely
so excited he just cannot contain
himself so we don't want to wait we just
rock to go and rehearse but everyone's
looking they're really going three um
coming outside now look at these cool
trees it does feel like we're in like
Jurassic Park or something
so now
we're just gonna walk walk three walking
talk well there's somebody with a
youtube head
okay looking for views stealing my
footage market so we are here in where
are we Tyler in a special room we're
just waiting to go and practice our main
stage performance it is really exciting
there's a lot like we were locked in
locked in but yes really nice in here
there's some nice Kalen cameras over
there there's a Tyler Oakley just eating
some food and markers and look I'm here
with Jim - you're nervous
jim has quite a big role in this he's
actually posting it and after the
question
basically running the show the very
memory but you keep very good
information Jim can improvise really
well intelligent nervous excited it's
not very Jim yeah we are now currently
backstage behind the main stage Cass was
excited because they've got Kate telling
excite it could be but Kay he's Marcus
looking I'm just hearing everyone's
coming Savior doing everyone is so cool
we're just finished rehearsing I think
it went quite well I'm actually now it's
a bit nervous about going on the main
stage because this is a lot of chairs
I'm sure it will be fine look who I'm
weird
hello everyone Cipriani is my brother
likes to call him yeah how are you I'm
good I just have been a long time it's
fine yeah how are we there for a couple
hours
oh is it hard for you to smile now yeah
a little bit missions feel like weird
slimy brother
I like your bracelet thank you very much
somebody just gave this to me that's
like what was it made out of
oh yeah let's bet so cool so we're all
just sat out chillin and the Casper is
sunbathing right
KeSPA what are you doing
Tana I'm trying to get a turn you're
doing really well with that towel on
getting a turn so many beauty girls will
know that for a quick fix of tan you can
use something like this which is the Sun
shimmer instant tan Casper is currently
using this customer how are you enjoying
this product come and look at this Jim
look how tan Casper is everyone oh Jesus
ah good okay so we are now walking to do
a favor for men I am following John I
hope that lots of people can see that we
will see and find out I'm going to come
and sit
Louise is going to be there tweeting me
each time which is going to be my secret
you're right
Jim Smith is yeah things yeah I like
shoes
beautiful fairy oh yeah I'm him hello
how are you what the were having so
much fun so happy the British Invasion
is at VidCon and South African Casper I
know respect but he's technical design
courts call coined a British now isn't
she great do you have an accent Casper a
little sometime you do I know sometimes
I'm sure there's nothing more insulting
as someone who grew up trying to do a
British accent around Brit I've learned
you not because you always out the Rhine
in Spain cuz I gotta talk like brainy
whole pain yeah and we just know it's
great Thank You Michelle you're pretty
good introducing you guys
no idea
Oh
Hey
and I feel like we should be up here
tweeting this trending worldwide okay
are you guys ready yeah are you guys
ready but we can go shopping a lot okay
three two one go I know you
however my choice I hope you guys out
without them I like big okay stop it
why God
oh okay
remember those images because they put
me the last time you'll ever seen
commencing in three two one
I love VidCon 2013 and I think you all
are amazing so here's oh I love half a
2013 and I think you are amazing I love
those con 2013 and I think you are all
amazing I think that is just enough
my displease me I love Big Sean 2013
when I jump are amazing I love 2013 and
I think you all are mate I love big con
2013 I think y'all are amazing
he's got no users accent the Alfie deyes
this is this is really embarrassing
drunken weekend I love thee
we have dated
you're all natural stars are to be on
the stage it just come at this stage it
was really scary
you see carbon I came down that road I
just switched we change the basis doing
just wrong wrong
we would have won everything otherwise
time check my father good guys oh well
it's actually familiar but I told the
guys I got it was okay well done Elsie
the night APB on accident
oh this is cute hey where am I oh this
girl just made it means everybody so I'm
keeping in there boyfriend let me ask
you where is for De Niro what change
that was a fun day that was a good day
and thank you so much Nikki house
electro Danish yeah unfortunately he's
won't let me keep it because she's
keeping it for ourselves for that now
happening I don't actually know surely
there is a lot I think Joe is dying
Louise eating my mashed potato so now we
have a new visitor hello it's copy hi
everybody how are you I'm good how are
you I'm so excited to finally meet I
know
look how pretty she is as well you make
me embarrassed and a vo that your
Miranda girl confidence do the best you
do the best more on the I know I do a
really good you don't I don't do it I've
never seen you try like you I try try no
you need a little situation are you
virus I was like the shower in the
shower trying to be do I want sent
toilet snapchat of me miming to the
Miranda so me and you thought it was me
do you know good hello I'm here with so
far
my special guest pudding and well things
already have a version and we will see
really thank you no chilly yeah we do it
reduce scholarships actually sit up
whoa do it just start the chorus yeah
okay stop can't stop one more time I
like my name is Rhonda you can call me
Marin literally the most iconic line of
all time
you
No
