hello again today I have the top knot on
my head and have very minimal make-up I
used bare minerals today because I
wanted to go for something a bit more
natural because we're just popping out
to IHOP with lots of peeps oh I think my
skirt is see-through a little maybe
maybe not this is my outfit for today I
have a Topshop jumper a Primark shirt
with the collar poking out and a little
new look skirt and back there is a
blanket that I'm going to wear and yes
minimal make-up let's hop to I hop
Louise's hopping on the bed it's quite
early isn't it we've got up quite early
yeah well I woke up confused to the
night and I didn't know where I was I
went to the loo and when I got in there
I was like oh it's - Zoey's bedroom but
I was really confused as to where I
wanted things and I was really confused
at the time said typical thing and I was
like what does that mean I was like it
means - it means 2 a.m. that's what it
means
also I've got to show you I do have my
guinea pig with me gizmo Marcel he's
enjoying himself here in LA isn't he
he's not being any trouble whatsoever
there's not too much trouble no
pipe down look around again know what's
in you all his opinions he's so cute
I love him we are walking to I heart
that I'm now retired
 their way sighs I think you can see
them I hope you can and then Alfie and
Joe up in front the monster ihot not
really her just found Marcus he's come
to IHOP with us to somebody that's niche
even talk on a cell phone
well you have a sour cream on your
daddies and then means is we're going to
take home yeah we don't worry about yeah
someone feel bad because this one's sick
I got red velvet pancakes some tans got
chocolate chip pancake dolls looks the
most healthy version what's this Jim
this is a lubricant are okay looks like
elephant feet
okay okay so okay so we'll go to a
member
this is in regards to your immediate
past like this mine was scarily accurate
but scary very accurate and Jim now
having a go you have to think about your
question
is he getting one thing is missing
Tonya look the real fun we're going to
say some disco Oh your face - UCLA -
analyze it
oh yeah it's on Avatar because we
alfea's coming to the gym room excuse
myself or as Marcus school st. mark
Queen hi I'll be like no happen if she
like after - okay
yeah what are you doing
yeah wait you stop filming I mean it you
explain okay so I've stolen Zoe's
vlogging camera cause she's helping plan
in there do something and the boys are
playing mischief basically and throwing
skittles from across the what is this
like an for court thing extreme
skittling it I want to play and you see
it's fiddling in the mouth thing so if I
hit Alfie's mouth but that's okay that's
easy
besides your mouth I want to play this
game are we scrambling for it I'm
playing yeah all of us it's going to be
a mad dash God you mean what oh my gosh
loads of them it's a harder game than it
looks
boy posing then I'm Jack are you hiding
utensil to do shy guys such a life but
the boys have been throwing skittles in
each other's mouths which sounds like
such a fun game for a slider all but
they found it so exciting
did you get one well done guys mouth
accuracy unless I see anything
well it's having players just I know
what sort of fun we're all set out by
the Sun Loungers right now just chill in
it's because it's been so noisy log
entry hey best friends okay I hate you
have you watched that yet never liked
your brother have you want to stare you
you're the best hug yeah sorry I said
and it feels so good did you awesome
I don't remember we went reunited 50
just met
right but now we are united like
loveless like leverage is it Joella ja
ja that's us
Joella zoe tumblr that we're getting keV
where's it chill old babies Joel I was
like UK that chewy
I just had to put to make more forgiving
biomarkers any crime Louise my favorite
person to bully I think Tommy I think
that's not just looks kiss they're not
really but it doesn't match it was fat
Anya
no fighting party party party party all
night long
chummy move rails
I like snails so we are now in Tyler
Oakley's room which is lovely and
spacious as Louise in her PJ's
and over here is Alfie asleep clearly
the day has been a bit too much for him
and he's just conked out and nothing we
do or say will wake him
and here's welcome to my room
welcome to my crib so nice look oh and
he's got lots of beverages and he's a
very hospitable the fridge is stocked
I'm ready for a party shall be AJ
Miranda at this snapchat yeah yes I am
did you only just get that yeah oh the
Chasen well that's terrifying we in Cool
Ranch and let pilots had these really
cool pictures done the Miranda from the
spot the youtuber Oh
did you miss my gremlin running that was
how I saw you today I didn't even
realize um so y'all know so he does this
gremlin run did they know I just know
what I sound like I'm just cracked out
ya cracked out um it's very late my
favorite thing about Zoey
Oh among many things um and that was the
first thing I saw I opened my door and
she liked grandma land all around he's
like a great hey every United oh great
but with the wind oh I'm gonna end the
vlog here because it's really really
late and we're gonna go to bed not all
in the same bed yeah Elfi staying here
Alfie staying here with Tyler and me and
Louise are gonna head back to our room
take good care of him you know I always
do I love haha way to dirty
and I think you who are amazing I love
con 2013 and I think you are all amazing
I think nowadays just enough
