hello everyone so today I am going to
drive to my bestest hermit Louise's
house and I'm staying there for the next
couple of days and also Tyler Oakley is
going to be there as well so I thought I
was robbed for you it's a really super
nice day but that also means that the
hay fever is out
well the pollen count or whatever it is
you wanna call it and my eyes are also
really bloodshot so I'm going to keep
these sunglasses on
but let's get going to Louise's and hit
the road jack some chicken burger yeah
two hours and ten minutes later and I
have arrived and I have beat Louise to
her own house because she's going to
pick up Tyler so I am gonna have to wait
here for them to return unexpired so now
I found this specimen hi Tyler okay and
this specimen oh how many do you have -
oh you neighbors got more and now we're
going to Morrison's say it in your
English accent Morrison in American
accent tomorrow okay Morrison Morrison
um
I'm we're gonna get some food because I
having a barbecue vbq I'm actually
calling to say bbp a baby key oh no it's
a funny
pilot Tyler Scott the love of his life
in Martin yeah well here's the thing you
never know where you're gonna meet
another one so I was like well do I wear
a hat tomorrow chance
oh I'm very astute no I um yeah so but
you know come for the wilted flower well
Darcy gave me a flower so I feel like
it's rude to take it off yeah exactly
hi beautiful get that leg get away
look this is all our barbecue food
Tyler's not actually having any food
he's just having Stella me and my Stella
bye hello pretty lady and what pretty
lady what are you doing are you sat in
your beanbag Darcy can you sing twinkle
twinkle Darcy where's Tyler
toilet Darcy don't let play mommy what's
my name
so it's Jimmy I don't mind
wow what does a rabbit say rebus Austin
out a finger the finger a bobby pin if
you think ur is mommy's hair let me have
I am Ashley a finger
hello good move Stassi you tired no no
good mornin good a thing good
toilet toilet don't see I'm who is this
so we can nurse your contrast is napkin
like I should sign up Danny thank you
Wow
it went on for you Wow let me do one
that's have a look Darcy oh you took
really good one to Tyler will you put
one on me wait where you fill that yeah
hold on
put to anything put it in my hair thank
you
am i beautiful there want my help for my
help subtle huh come on then this one
this one
Wow uh-oh
do you want me to do it sorry you look
so hot one more light wave say way she
knows she's on tumblr so she didn't feel
okay okay
you
I'm just having a little moment because
I said in the fire pit I fell over in
Tyler's blog so you're gonna have to go
over and watch that look at the floral
plate Louise used for me because I love
floral that's I this is the least
interesting thing I can possibly tell
you well over in the fire pit she liked
cell all into the fire pit it was
perfect it was perfect you were up there
for a bit thank you when you're doing it
you're on top you do it
shake them hips though she can do it
with ease your arms just yeah you just
do YMCA a little bit that is Talent
I swear we're not on drugs like look at
your life right now
Louise's chopped her hair I don't know
if you're aware but she's got a new
little bonnet I'm gonna say it's kind of
Rihanna rich yeah I've got the Shrieker
to Rihanna as well and we're just out by
the fire and all the candles are lit
little fire pit there I love him too and
my outdoor cloth I'm soon to hang I love
them
Tyler's got what's your blanket chevron
oh my gosh is it touching the ground
Louise is gonna kill me and yeah we're
just chillin by the fire on all right
Matt you're not in it we're just chillin
by the fire lot twist twist
Louise's 17 with a baby and Matt is not
her husband
it's her gay best friends I said and
this isn't her house either we're set
it's back in LA they're actually
visiting me hey you were actually
visiting Tyler now for the finishing
touch
and my personal favorite part of the
makeup it is of course lipstick
