where are we now welcome to my crib
y'all we're gonna take MTV style round
off of those crib
okay a place I get warm with my honey's
given the real shipping loss and Paula
G's potion you know how we roll
look at the kitchen have you see them
they're sleeping
yeah all right everyone's working either
in Jim's tasting some butter beer this
one the rear i like you i wish it very
sweet it sort of tastes like Werther's
Originals and like really creamy and
sick this one's busy in Orlando it
wasn't physically there the night bus
kind of Drive
privet drive I'm Hedwig's a look
coughing oh my god is that real is it
real now oh my god we need to have a
photo taken after him in fact you try to
get with harmony that's you indoors
morning which house is that one at the
end that's pata cottage so that's
changing Riley's house on that bridge
there that is Lucien is he never running
down injector supported so it was
actually only that big major yeah what
they tell my favorite ok so it looks
like longer yeah
yeah cool watching the box don't stay
out of it pursue build tons told me that
she sang tambien Tommy's my face I know
though he's gonna be like the cutest
thing look at this person his head in
his chin
oh my God look at everything the bottom
is choice we aren't very key thing
Hagrid is huge
we are now in Diagon Alley
Jim is still looking for things really
got them all gotta catch em all I want
to live here
I want to have tea upon that
Oh No my worst nightmare
constant again yeah step one joint
petition has been run on cameras if they
were sharing this bit
whoa is Jim's coat well it's it well
holy moly it's a magic so we are not in
the wand palette inflation and everyone
that has ever been on the credits of the
film has that own name on a ward so
there are hundred
and hundreds of ones Daniel reckless one
we should have been fondled but even
that sounds wrong living it is that have
no idea favorite Jimmy Jones Ripa
Stengel so cool we have finished our
Harry Potter tour and it has been
absolutely amazing thank you so much to
Jade she's nucleons they've all been
really nice and we've got our little
goodie bags now and we're off to a hotel
and thank you to Craig here okay the
Georgia yeah I'm going to make a new
channel together yeah
having us out of these guys who are
making sure they are the liquid chef yes
and we're all having psychotic obviously
- a virgin cocktail what have you got
there Alfie mango - nice please
Halloween - - it's testing its
testing a taste test so this is um
common go away
lime mango good not pineapple as I've
dice it's pineapple winner yeah along as
well no no where's my tumbler mouth and
then I ll see well no not actually swell
and then I just don't have one time yet
veto
good time tonight I think one of the
light she believes every time is it yeah
I'll put a little bit of apple juice in
it and the car for the computer chirps
Matt what have you got there man what
was this sorry
there was a light cheese now more like
Chanel Iman
- Bobby are there hey yo J - nice
we just like to say that although at the
moment I am recording in cocktail Aurora
dropping we're all of age and you listen
you're underage please to do stripes of
Lee and so if you're underage
underage don't drink did what did I say
just in the park and don't your parents
the next day I do apologize I don't have
any makeup on because we've literally
all jumped out of bed at about 8 a.m.
these were all long years the boys are
going to play football for soccer stick
and tans going home yay and I'm going to
watch the boys play too because I'm
going to be there with Maddie and we
stayed at the Grove hotel last night and
it was amazing ticket avoid simply
design it's probably one of it is
probably the nicest entailment ever
stayed at it was so nice and thank you
so much the guys at Warner Brothers who
did that for us because we didn't
deserve that both the brothers eyes over
here oh yeah what oh yeah
what the Josh's guys say goodbye
everybody
where are we now welcome to my crib
y'all we're gonna take MTV style round
off with those crib and draw a place I
get warm with my honeys give it a real
ship nos apologies potion you know how
we roll
