hello we are our train and today we're
going to Harry Potter I'm so excited is
the train there's Joe and Jim and Alfie
but it's really grumpy bear and then
here and you see a weird muddy there's
muddy and we all had to rush for the
Train
yeah we wish we ran a channels like that
right because these beep like is going
to close the doors
Joe Antje we're just really excited
we're going for a little tour Warner
Brothers and we're saying the how to do
it's like a holiday holiday so nice we
never know anyway okay so we will all
see you in a bit this is so cool we can
see everywhere everybody wave
zip it Alfie just waving we just like
two ways we're now on the bus
more than the average yeah actually
whenever people from I'm so excited it's
like inside a really classified still go
and as you can take your site that's the
talk of the making it very culture
Joe's book coming Jim coding on the
bottom
yeah
we have 55 she's injured a self already
too much acclaim in Germany my girl take
my decimal here they I'm graduating my
with this same white power going on his
first time the castle
welcome to Hogwarts purity the dollar
push all the way thank you my brother
lost my helpers thank you very much okay
in every Y value
yes laser gentlemen this is the Great
Hall and it was one of the first sets
ever built the Harry Potter film series
and as you can probably tell it was also
one of the largest now we stood a sound
stage around 10 yes just your left in
our Studios until we moved in here for
the tour
now I can see you're only into huddle
throughout their attention towards dress
actual later
few minutes that we will be invited by
blessed question
so again astronaut next room now when I
first arrived here I couldn't help but
notice things I didn't see in the films
such as the murals on the front and back
walls that were hand painted by one of
our CD pages the edge took thousands of
years old also a camp look at the
fireplace now you'll see the professor
Hogwarts Amman as well as a quest
veterans for houses example the
staircase that they go visit first
before the Animas christchurch but the
actual Great Hall itself is always my
handset it is best
I didn't realize that Harry Potter and
mining on Broadway
oh sorry I'm having cheese my going to
vlog this by the way but we are
currently looking around the studio it's
Jim wit Jim's on the hunt bit of
snitches I found three so far where's
the pencil
okay I'll switch to Jim's camera because
my phone has run out of memory so the
quality is now a long better I mean Jim
are having to share the tich today so
I'm going to start all my vlogs off with
this is mine Jim it just so he knows as
well look around I'm a thing
and over there is the potions class if
you watch my 50 things about me video I
was in Harry Potter and I was in the
potions class so it's really really cool
to step back in and see everything so
this is a corridor that was built and
it's really big here but it goes really
tiny and it looks like it's really far
away but it's a tiny tiny chair and it's
not a real corridor mind-blown funny
oh just have a tiny bit like me where my
way so Jim where are we now welcome to
my crib er we're gonna take MTV style
round off of those crib and draw a place
I get warm with the honey's given a real
ship nos apologies potion you know how
we roll yeah actually means I'm a stuff
treasured item yeah lots of us also he's
so good at magic you know yeah lots of
like Ministry of Magic stuff yeah here I
have my robes when I'm busy doing magic
stings in my beard yeah folks of Phoenix
out for a while he's uh he's not here
he's he's off with a bitch female bird
the bird still I think they're just a
bird Johnny chase said get that yeah
they're making a make a birdie babies
eggs ever hit my fridge it's you up on
the fridge Dumbledore's fridge
not a huge amount on the bridge but a
pensee oh is this not is this not where
you and that's where you that's right
yeah most of my fridge another memories
really big you know so that doesn't
cream no MTV your gal get out
this is now some of the props this one's
the most exciting to me it's the
Philosopher's Stone from the first film
Tania and Joe are having a fight we keep
bumping jbaxter they don't right I'm
sorry oh I know they've got like magnets
I'm sticking with you because I made out
of you didn't anything that she might do
i j-just let you do things on our own
downer duty
bumbum I don't know that I'm standing
like a stage coach in the rain in the
rain and y'all doing the same
they say when I'm working mrs. Norris on
is a mark a mark fruit hat usually
starts at that size then we literally
get to the size of a powder quit why do
we use marks we have to have an animal
hit a start mark every time there's a
lot of CG in the Harry Potter films and
what will happen is if they do not hit
great place every time
if there's a computer companies against
they cross and the shots number
we found my knees cat and heifer it's
dog you carry on
Louise is now on the stage
she's like that just American yeah
security you gonna come along and drag
her off
like
Oh
where is this one this is a Weasley
kitchen we've leave their chair it felt
a bit like a bussiness but got some of
their after costumes in there and see
the listings going now known to come to
Mike Mendes avoids a multicolored star
and what's being leased at the moment is
actually an Irish are picking them for
the Weasleys actually a fan and the
Irish Phillips yeah still don't have to
be like they don't mind it's actually
pylons
so pull off the clock the mains going
that's a great plot that blonde that
shows where and we sees actually I'll at
any point and there's actually one just
behind and fed and George's costumes on
the back there there's actually full of
tools that they've got to do like Dino
in the garden because gathers Oh dad one
there's obviously please wonder lot of
the year to try to find it that's so
cool
next
to spell
who's the methane Zoey
I want to meet here
I want to have tea upon that
ah
