so this is me if my glasses on haha this
is me my glasses are what I'm doing one
of them things that's the one a rustle
need volume when you're sat next to one
good
so there's 26 now yes how many is that
each but boy what you ought to move in a
bit
I like me another way we all make sure
our heads in the middle that's gonna
focus on the flowers
what we just done three two one go your
video we um found
so we've each got how many 13 we think
it's 13 or 12 I don't know we've got
with each got a selection of it this is
trouble oh well I can look at these corn
I know because you know is that the
right way is that the right yeah hey
would you like a pizza in my city I can
cook your nice pizza no I don't think so
it is on the video that we watched
before I think I don't think you did
Italian sorry sir I did have Italian did
you oh thank you this we've done that
twice maybe chop maybe a little anyway
already hot oh oh
oh I'll tell you why as you know P head
my eyes exactly good watermelon head you
have to understand that when me and
Marcus come together our heads are the
complete opposite no I'm not laughing
look your might my glasses are about the
size of your head he makes great videos
thank you you makes you like to be a
girl though don't you sometimes
sometimes wish you prefer uh I think ago
sometimes ah see this way we did on the
phone a bit look such a not you as well
yeah yeah hey you guys um now next to
England India nah next to England I'll
oh man
Northern Irish yes
