hello hello I feel bad you don't look
like a bear I'm going to blob today
because we're doing some exciting things
first thing on the agenda is that me and
Louise are filming with daily mix just
in Google look at these cool funky
mirrors and we're also weird Lily it's
your new jingle for your channel so
we're going to go film now and then
later on going to Madame Tussauds aren't
we yes cool thing they finished filming
for the day we're just deciding what to
wear now because Rob Yahoo a look at my
body in Madame Tussauds but first we're
going to go eat something aren't we yeah
show you the tidying nurse effect are
you lovely
yes I'm bursting for a week so I'm not
too sure if I've ever filmed inside
Google before you choose what's it
called YouTube pretty creative face but
it's pretty damn cool look at this wall
as secret doors in it oh yeah there's a
little kitchen area there we've now
found Alfie just wildly I was just
running about we just found him over
there and also and obviously I'm with
Louise still and we've just discovered
Lois and Louise have the same birthday I
think we're actually named
same birthday well yeah you do look
quite smelly girls back
like the face of the grin
they're just so excited to get inside
all right we got a message and this is
it
hi Niall I don't know if you guys can
free but they look so let me look this
is the closest you will get to Lily
Tomlin's and I will be doing
aerosol cans and over so Harry stole
from the end
0:01 Gary
captain
I creepy
perfect
Oh hurry can we see the back of your
head
okay
stop with your problem so nice to see
everyone and to meet people that I love
so my commentary
ha ha
online cases what a good day filming and
I'm surprised ready for Matt ready good
weekend
I my swimwear
yeah I'm a true one but using at home
