it's the last day in Florida I'm kind of
actually really sad though but also
super excited
thanks customer I'm excited to go home
my birthday tomorrow all extrication
shop so probably really week well what
happened was nina we talked about half
an hour on luggage and we had still
Casper you would make the worst
cameraman in the world shaking we
excited because I made freaked out at
one point I was on the floor nearly
crying with Papa and I walked over
Zoe's got pop-tarts her stuff everywhere
we just put all our swimming costumes in
the bin with her shoes so no it fit on
my case and they're kind sitting on the
floor and then she loved music guys
usually pop tiles you gave me a nervous
breakdown together so many that I have
to have three boxes of Laurel and about
15 box of my swimwear yeah I'm sure
but Lee's we're going at home these go
to Walmart violet yeah yeah factory and
I'm going to zoom out and then we're
getting a photo so yeah last game let me
ask us what you thought let me zoom out
Oh
right Casper hi I'm Casper D from
youtube.com force FDIC ASP no I really
enjoyed the whole experience of being
with you guys we had a great time
weekend so many awesome viewers was
probably my favorite part of the
experience
are you excited for your flight home so
excited and then I'm off to South Africa
for a half a month
oh no Caspar Lee no just man you know I
got really online still oh yeah yeah so
we uploaded don't worry guys
he's not leaving yeah and then I'm back
in the UK for the rest of my life
Louise got a little sunburned Louie yeah
yesterday we wasn't matching Disney
offers
which is my matthew at me fear of
trousers he's got them on now for the
comfort of the flight home I'm not
wearing mine now and we were talking on
the ride losses absolutely not I'm gonna
have to stop because my battery's
running out but guys love you sorry Joe
we might see a mulberry there put some
money in my paypal by who we're not on
the airplane
but haven't taken off yet we just start
waiting
goodbye Florida it's actually really
late look what's the time is it my
birthday anymore Chuck you want me going
to be my birthing imprecisely
25 minutes 35 minutes what did you get
as a present for me
and amazing but I will have to show you
another low so what's wrong day to be a
better jeopardy for a wastrei planet
news show a new 0 3 6 2 month again we
can talk all through there's my face on
it those people didn't make my case with
that so will we got a tail wind up about
a hundred miles an hour tonight would
you feel that way about heart I believe
all scheduled as smooth as it lines or
boot all the way
so that's it that's Florida done and
dusted I'm almost sad these bugs are
over I had an amazing amazing time in
Florida I didn't vlog too much from this
day so I'm sorry this is really short
one guys but I didn't think an
eight-hour flight where I was knocked
out would be too interesting for you I
landed and it was my birthday I had an
amazing day but also had such an amazing
time in Florida so I just want to say
thank you to everyone for your birthday
messages even though it was a while ago
and to everyone who made Florida so
amazing bye
