good morning everyone last nada this
morning would you like my woodland PJs
Matalin and los Nala
I was thinking she's barking at
something and I know what he's barking
at Oh what are you barking at she's
barking show them what you're barking
that which is my PA box yesterday and in
it were these vegetarian dog food veggie
burger bites oh these are cool
blueberry sticks but I gave her one
yesterday and now she just keeps coming
up here and barking at the bag how did I
know you would be here you can have one
but you will not have one at the bag
because I don't want you thinking if you
bark at the bag then you can have one oh
gotta put me autumn wreath on the door
we'll have it downstairs come on it's
not at me you know let's put you up on
oh I bought this bench from West down
how cute is that it's first to put our
shoes on because we didn't have anything
to sit on to put our shoes and apart
from the stairs so I got this and I
really love it up you can get up there
sit sit
Oh little lie-down
that's cute good girl I'm gonna clean
the kitchen and then I think I'm gonna
make a coffee
I don't know me get coffee as you know
eat coffee drink coffee is still too
early there is one type of coffee that
is an exception
show you what it is
so these are the coffees that I love
they're the Grand Cafe collection world
of flavors you can get them in TK Maxx
and home scents and they are so good
I've not tried Cinnabon or candy corn
flavor sweetened cream with a touch of
fluffy marshmallow yeah I have though
tried this one I've got this one last
year and I was gutted when I realized
that I couldn't keep it for another year
because it coffee goes off so actually
where's the best before date okay we've
got this one for quite a while it's
delicious and I'm so glad I'm I should
find another one so yeah these are three
coffees I don't know which one to make
but I might make one for me and Alfie I
make some very milky that's the only
thing got a little Halloween mug and I
think we're gonna go for the candy corn
I don't know if he wants this coffee or
a different one so I'm gonna make enough
for him to have some but ultimately I
just want to try it
hey babes are you going I can feel the
body relaxing is that nice little oh my
god I would love that
lie down then Oh
also coffee verdict I made it really bad
didn't I you plunged it at the wrong
time today well I want to take some
pictures
after you wants to watch Rick and Morty
I want oh my god that's so cute um I
really want to take some pictures I want
to put another in a mound of leaves I
don't know if she'll actually sit in a
mound of leaves though it's because I
saw someone did it with their cat so I
really wanted to do it with Nala and I
also want to decorate the house and I
want to film a video
oh I've also had a really big delivery
from next and John Lewis which I will
open in my vlog she was running in her
sleep and her paws were like you see her
her paws were going up and down oh sorry
another I love this cuddle this is like
a family cuddle close your eyes go see
right I am gonna make scrambled eggs on
toast because I really feel like eating
that
done yummy I've now put my faith on and
got dressed from the waist up to film my
autumn Hawk clothing haul which I assume
you what I've seen by the time you watch
this vlog but yeah I'm excited to film
it there is a lot of stuff to show and
it's only really when I gathered it all
up to put in the video that I was like
this is quite a lot thank heavens I
cleared my wardrobe before I bought this
because I would not have space for it
this is the setup I've just made all
this bed because I had to strip the
bedding in here
a couple of days ago and get all that
like washed and ironed etc I was like I
need to make the bed up anyway because I
can't have like an unmade bed in the
background of a video that would be
really weird it looks so nice I found
these from last year these were Asda and
they're like brushed cotton with little
hedgehogs on and I really love them and
then I've got the cushion that was from
Asda last year this which is HomeSense
this year I think and my little autumn
tree and the lights and then the throws
next and HomeSense right I have just
finished filming the Tryon set oh there
we go
the Tryon section of my haul and did God
duh this is why I don't usually do Tryon
Xin hauls because my holes are too big
and the Tryon took me about an hour and
a half to film so I had my camera up out
here
and this is some of the aftermath yep
yep and then the rest of the aftermath
of filming I'm really not looking
forward to tidying all this away if I'm
completely honest with you
oh this hat is my lifestyle hat by the
way I freaking love it
let's tidy
Oh
all cleared away and now me and Alfie
are gonna do some pictures in the garden
because it looks really or terminal but
also I'm really digging this outfit this
t-shirt is by new look and it says oh
let's branch the jacket is a sauce but
it's bershka the trousers are a sauce
and the shoes are Topshop let's go
outside
we've just taken some photos some of
them of Nollan extra pumpkin and they're
so cute I think what I might do now is
put a little autumnal outfit on her or
maybe like a pumpkin outfit and take
some more pics I don't know where I
really want like a massive mound of
leaves but we don't actually have that
many leaves you might have more at the
front maybe on the driveway but oh yeah
there's quite a few out there actually I
might do that try to make it all like
festive to take some pictures around she
looks so flippin cute
yeah
now you're gonna fit six good yeah wait
wait okay girl
get get away
okay and we're done let's go
the little bit later now and I've
scraped my hair back into this joyous
little thing and I've decided I'm gonna
throw myself a bath because it's one of
those evenings that I want to get cozy
I can't even tell you how much I am
looking forward to getting in this bath
but also it's really raining oh my God
look hey it's really raining on this
window and it sounds so relaxing so I am
excited to put a bit of youtube on and
get in my bath are you gonna sit on my
towel uqt out the bath I've done my
evening skincare and now I am watching
at some Rihanna and Ashley vlog if you
guys don't watch her vlogs I highly
highly recommend you do they're always
like a really good long length and as
you know my vlogs are really long but I
think that's also because I really enjoy
watching very long vlogs as well and
they're perfect for like if you're doing
something around the house are you
having a bath because you don't have to
keep going to your laptop to find videos
so hers are great for that because
they're always really long like the
longer they are the more excited I get
but also she's just very like calm and
her vlogs are just really nice to watch
if you're like having a chill a
chill-out time so I definitely recommend
her channel if any of you want some more
vlogs to watch I am wearing some new
pajamas you guys next it's just so good
right now
let me show you where can I show you mmm
look it has little squirrels on it and
then the top has a little acorn on the
pocket which I really liked
and then this dressing gown is from next
as well and it has bunny ears it's like
the the filter but yeah I'm very cozy
this is the first time this end of the
year that I have whipped a dressing-gown
out I was really strict and I threw away
all my dressing gowns because they were
monkey I don't know why I was holding on
to those they were so so gross so yeah I
got
this from next is a nice length as well
let me just stand back so you can see it
Alfie has gone out for dinner with his
friend so I'm gonna watch some more
Rihanna and Ashley vlogs and then I
think I am going to carry on watching a
series on ITV called liar a few people
have actually told me to watch this and
then last night when we went to see mark
he was like you need to watch liar you'd
absolutely love it oh my god I need to
watch it so last night when I got in I
started watching it and it's really good
I feel like I was telling Alfie about it
when I was half-asleep when he came in
well maybe I was tanking this morning I
don't remember but either way it's
really really great so I think I'm gonna
carry on watching this vlog and then I
am going to continue watching liar
and then guys I think I'm going to go to
sleep so good night for now
and I'll see you in the morning good
morning it is Sunday and it is the first
of October do you want to corner it to
undergoing a walk it is a really rainy
miserable day today one of those days
where I've just thrown on a really cozy
Jumper can't be bothered with makeup
today can't really even be bothered to
do anything to my hair we are however
crazy enough in this rainy miserable
weather to take this little one on a
walk yes I keep saying it your eyes keep
going wide let's go then because it's so
rainy and she's so small and close to
the ground we will have to put a little
coat on her so that she doesn't get as
wet as she would if we didn't / co' on
her because someone your nose let me get
it off can i stroke you oh these are
nice Oh
we're on our walk and it looks like
Alfie's picking up a dog pee okay but
he's not he's picking up all the
conquers look what are you eating Nala
he's supposed to eat them it's so many
there's another one oh my god they're
like quite big round here as well
because they're all buried under the
there's so many I love looking for
conkers it's like my favorite pastime
conker picking No why would you put them
in vinegar for just jet from them then
when you play conkers oh I never played
conkers it was banned in our school I
think it was it was too dangerous for
the Leacock kids there's some huge boys
down here oh no this one stood in the
casing not as so confused though she
said guys what are you doing I'm
thinking maybe we're the only two crazy
people that have decided to walk their
dog today there's like no one around
guys this is like conker like massacre
they are just like demolished in this
tiny little road but we finding you so
many give a big one that's a dog bag
look at this Boulder be like your mom's
dog yeah look there's so many I'm gonna
get them out and then we can stand on
them and get them out of her another one
I mean it's not conquer picking unless
you can open some of them is it just
very lightly you don't wanna that's it
yay okay yay let this one's a double
oh my god I see look there's a tiny one
yay back my walk now and it was really
really nice I have a Maltesers hot
chocolate mmm I thought I'd ordered
whipped cream and I thought what have
marshmallows turns out the marshmallows
went off in June and I didn't order
whipped cream so I must have done that
in my sleep
but Cheers this is way too hot to drink
yet so I'm gonna put it down the side I
have it in a minute I have just prepared
dinner I am making from Jamie Oliver's
new book 5 ingredients there is happy as
Larry I'm making the comforting sausage
bake so hopefully what I have put in
here will come out looking something
like this
fingers crossed the oven is beeping away
I think that is a great success
personally everybody is Monday and I
have thrown on a hoodie this morning not
really looked in the mirror because I
knew I was coming up here to sort out
this room I told myself this room would
never get messy that's not quite what's
happened as you can see I had a p.o box
delivery recently it's actually some
like really cool things in here look at
this meme you sent me a freaking handbag
very very generous of them thank you so
much I also have another one by coach
which is gorgeous oh my god this is so
like autumn winter I
this is the Mean Girls spectrum brushes
collection how cool are these brushes I
freakin love them and I also just love
this there's some really lovely things
in here that I need to put away I also
cleared my cupboards out of all of last
year's Christmas stuff and put all of
this year's Christmas so we've got like
the lifestyle lifestyle a little bit of
beauty and then beauty along the bottom
but that took me a long long time and
now I just need to work out where I'm
gonna put these because yeah I think in
the Attic but then the Attic is pretty
full already which I do need to sort out
also let the time lapse commence why
does this camera zoom in now
it's about midday now and I still look
like I've been dragged through a hedge
backwards but I have made some progress
on that room it's pretty much tidy the
only thing I did then start doing was
dragging everything out of my attic and
sorting through it so that's like
Halloween decorations Christmas
decorations just because I buy new stuff
every year but I don't necessarily use
that time to get rid of previous year's
stuff so every time I bring new things
out I'm like oh
after this Christmas I need to make sure
I sort through it and then I never do so
that's what I was trying to do just then
and when I was doing that I got this out
and I finally put it up on the front
door it looks so cute I am obsessed very
autumnal and then in here I just put
this little one up on the kitchen door
like I was thank you it's like orange
berries love it right I wanted to edit a
vlog but Alfie has taken all of the
memory card readers with him because he
will no doubt have a couple in his bag
and he took mine this morning so making
life a little bit difficult because I
can't edit my vlog there one in here no
guys this is turning into a drawer where
we just Chuck stuff have a lot of
packages that I need to open and go
through oh and I'm not gonna lie to you
guys a lot of these are Christmas
decorations so from next I got gold
tree in a glass how cute is that this
house is bigger than our other house and
so I planned where I think I
Christmas trees and the feelings are a
lot higher here so our Christmas trees
can be bigger and I'm not gonna lie if a
Christmas tree can be bigger then
obviously it's gonna be bigger like I'm
not gonna I'm not gonna stick to a small
one just because wowza
I don't know where I'm gonna put these
ones but they're so cool this kind of
reminds me of the play days owl I've
forgotten what she's called you may be
thinking Zoey it's way too early for
Christmas and you're right and actually
so far this year I've been way more
restrained I only listen to Christmas
music last week the year before that I
was listen to Christmas music in June or
July I'm not even kidding I also have
not watched any Christmas films apart
from I did watch It's a Wonderful Life
but I've never seen that before
and it was okay I kind of liked it I
mean I did fall asleep I had a really
bad headache so I can't give like a
proper review on it look at these aren't
they cool it's full of like colorful
confetti so you might be thinking it's
really early that's fine
you can think that but if it's in the
shops and you see it and you like it you
have to buy it now otherwise they're
just all gone that's my advice for you
today if you see it get it or it's gone
okay I also got some that look like this
these are all still next by the way huh
oh my God look how pretty this looks
when the Sun Goes on it in the box
that is so cool it's like a bag of baby
a lawn
skeleton includes one has two arms two
legs and five states geez that would be
quite funny Oh cute
I got these for place-names me now if
you're doing Christmas here this year so
up to me to set the table and do all the
cute little bits and pieces so that is
what are you gonna do I ordered these
because I want to put loads of white
paper decorations up the stairs like on
the banisters these look tiny they are
tiny that's not useful oh that's more
like it
giant snowflake decorations thank you
now this is only a sneak peek but me
Joey and Daniel are doing a US vs. UK
Halloween decor and treats swap which
I'm very excited about so quite a few
bits in here are for them and to go in
their box so I got a boo Garland kit and
I've also got a merry merry party
Garland this is like the cutest front
like ever so I thought they would really
like some of those I've just had my
lunch and now I've got the Kardashians
on I'm about to go through this massive
John Lewis box and I just remembered
I've just remembered another thing for
one of the Christmas trees it's gold
purple and green okay so I bought this
sprig because it was cute oh my god how
beat are these
this style on John Lewis is oh it's
called into the woods and it is so I
also bought 20 glass decorations in this
which I have to hook they've got the
little hooks in the bottom though so
that's fine so I've got 20 of those to
go with it
I got 28 mini ones again of like the
same colors I got gold
fern and I also got this which is like
autumn leaves with gold on there
Garland's
and they've got little gold acorns and
little pine cones on them sticking with
the woodland theme I thought I could
drape those like around the Christmas
tree I thought these were so cute I got
three of these they're like little
tapestry snowflakes how cute of a I
thought they would look really nice in
like a garland somewhere got these for
the green purple and gold Christmas tree
they are little we thought they was so
cute and I love that they want two pegs
and you can stand them up little purple
mushrooms and you just peg it in the
tree upright these are for the gold
green and purple tree how pretty look it
had loads of gold stars in oh my god
this one is beautiful
isn't that so beautiful again that is
for the purple green gold tree I also
got oh my god so much glitter
I also got this one which is green pine
cones with gold oh my gosh this one is
so pretty look at this one it's very
abstract and it has glitter on it
I bought a copper wire star for the top
of one of the trees I'm really lacking
in things to go on top of trees so if
you know anywhere that does cool tree
toppers this one which again I think is
so pretty so pretty
John Lewis always have really really
beautiful decorations I think this is
another one from the into the woods and
it's just clear with this gold leaf on
it I don't know whether I'll put those
in this one or whether I'll put these
with just like gold silver and white
tree maybe and then very similar to the
next ones in fact very similar to the
next ones I didn't realize we have these
but these are completely covered and
glued on the inside and they are like
some of the one of the coolest freakin
bull balls I have ever seen also got
this one which I love
if a garland which already has coppery
bubbles on which I will for sure be
having a coppery Christmas tree
somewhere so these will go with that
which I really like they're all very
twisted though so we need to lay them
out and that is everything and now I
need to tell you this away because if
Alby comes back and sees this I think he
will cry
