so I don't even know what day it is
anymore and I am just in Joey's room
because we're about to finish the layout
color and he's just hair drying do you
want blow drying he can't hear me when
he seems very dry in there you just
smiling at me like that's quite funny
yeah yeah I'm tired site so you know how
I like Lucky Charms and pop-tarts when I
got to meet a lot of you yesterday which
was absolutely amazing and thank you so
much to everyone who came by the way I
don't know if I've even said that
already but it was so so nice to meet
you look what's happened oh hang on a
minute I have enough pop-tarts enough
boxes of Lucky Charms
to last me a lifetime but look all these
cool flavors we don't have these yeah I
know I know
I who bought you these ones these ones I
wish I had a bob big now small slice
whatever bought this one but thank you
guys so so much for coming and you
didn't have to get me anything and it's
so nice I'm going to read all your
letters and yeah let's go oh I was
waiting for you to say that let's eat
some Lucky Charms and pop-tarts bitches
my mom
shift hi I'm Jennifer chef besh to
glasper shipping has assurance of
affections or dream which very rarely
happens
I think I'm vlogging it just to make the
most of this things always very insecure
about all the times you get for
some people and I just trying to ship
everyone chica we just went in here
Casper point behind yourself there yeah
I hope that's right walking wait we
waited about an hour and a half for our
meal and then we got some free dire Maul
and talking basically good swear you
forgot the borders so for ages and we
didn't get any food but we did get it
for free which was very very nice of
them it's just a shame that we were so
hungry and so excited for I hop you're
our muscles we are currently at Mall of
millenia looks lovely excited to do some
shopping you do boo boo boo boo
okay so we are now in Cheesecake Factory
lalala I have to say Louie this is a
very good choice because I already love
it
well I really recommend it to
restaurants and holidays both in small
towns and places together with men in
the rear so frankly if you are looking
so much like beautiful and this order
and that is where it ends
Louise is drinking a virgin strawberry
daiquiri I have a virgin mini toe in a
very nice long things and Alfie here
with Louise's jacket on looking fetch it
what do you have on your face
how can you leave that on there and not
want to take it off Louise's jacket I
know it's giving me more
oh yeah the hot chocolate
nice you've also got some brown bread
which teeth the bittersweet like
chocolatey and Dicky chop is like
chocolatey chocolate to your chocolaty
and it's really nice in here because I'm
a fussy eater and they have everybody
possibly ever imagine we were in good
service it really really good said line
up and then remind the man that's
serving us have you ever ever watched
them your luckily very helpful we love
and thrive who's just arrived and it is
freaking massive look what Louise
ordered palace hey sorry I'll do even
what is that crispy stuff
at the healthy
I've got a burger with chit it's a baby
like squid it's like ice physics quit oh
oh its legs it's like oh don't touch
here disclaimer
you don't like squid don't watch that
bit too late and then I'll be spot is
massive burrito which is you literally
huge you're never going to eat all that
no this isn't it a camera looks a
chicken factory you've been the best
person ever from here you have to open
it yeah after this delightful meal we
all headed back and went and had a
Jacuzzi time session in the hot tub that
sounds really wrong it's not it's very
innocent we all have swimwear on and
then I think we all ordered room service
and fell asleep at something ridiculous
like 7:00 because we were all just so
tired and lots of all our friends at
left so it was literally me and the
other two guys and Louise left so see
you for day 7 for Disney times
