hello everybody its Dave what is it
through three well that's what that's
actually gone really quick day three and
today is like playlist live day one and
I'm here with Lily Marquis but but what
up y'all
and pointlessblog okay for the massive
bear on his t-shirt yeah well my bed
we're about to go down and meet a flower
and Tonya and Jim for breakfast yeah
let's go to the beach dude let's go go
away I knew you do that here at
breakfast now coming and munch Marcus
Louise Jim and Alfie you're just getting
registered to get our badges and things
because we're gonna be doing a talk
about what is it across the lawn some
condoms so yeah we're going to be doing
that so if I love you usable that
actually works then let us know if you
liked it because obviously you could
watch this after dinner what you did
actually
Paden are you doing well what we're
doing at all can't we Jim oh yeah yeah
that's right and you have a really long
hair instead of your face which I'm
growing it okay I can't remark as it's
got a top secret folder then you stop
saying stop secrets Shrek show me show
me the outside of the border come on
what is it about top-secret information
dead serious it was in the folder so I'm
very else you know start that way
towards me go
should we go in we've got Marcus I'm
sharing I'm sharing this thing with
Nicki Minaj here the best person to
share is he will have a very setting
right now
thank you so much to our panel and
that's the monistic out the convention
center within about a long-drive you
turn 15 minutes about 50 minutes to
train get out now we're trying to look
for a taxi but nobody knows where the
taxis are I was going okay
I'm Troy and Tanya back there flogging
we're Bahama Breeze and you see what
your playlist lighting and we're all
just throwing out what we want menu
looks really nice oh my god yeah I think
about some nails
Carmack's the brand new lips software
for me Harmon Nicola America how red
tortilla chips
what makes these red ghost or Ibaka
sabay a baby
wowie look you can have one everyone's
eye
good shouting loudly been to the
restaurant and we are now at the food
was lovely wasn't it was it's really
really nice ring window and see what
mall is this or it's an outlet called
Orlando outlet
welcome welcome to Orlando hello Alice
welcome to Orlando elbow oh really good
time here we are so excited to be here
yeah well what we came in the car with
the Boise Avenue boys but I don't know
where they've gone I think they're
parking their car to look at rooms come
directly up cause you can't leave us oh
I think I'm fine dad girl show me
regularly they're in a skate shop and
all the boys are like you know lying for
some things and me and tan well
righto so we're just enjoy crew and half
is trying on some shirt
No No
the color my channel you can get off
branding I think this is a bit bright
feminine is birthday it is my birthday
right everyone sing happy birthday that
was great wait relax I know I'm just
like waited like mess with you it felt
so good right it's ignorant you're a
liar
yeah I already do both of you ready yeah
you're crying about names like Joey
Bishop I uh I came like crap everybody
once I happen to tell the pinata
you're back she's still her
my stockings
okay so this is just a weird cheeky
mirror shot this is what I wore out but
I didn't actually take this camera
because I forgot it which is really
handy but we just went to a party thing
there was lots of youtubers there and it
was really cool and I filmed some
footage on my camera so maybe I would
have slotted to that in but now I'm
going to say goodnight because I am so
super tired because I refused to change
my watch to American time just because I
like to know what time it is in the UK
and right now it would be this time in
the morning which is really really early
and I think I've jetlag quite bad
because I'm just tired all the time so
I'm going to go to bed good bye good
night Georgie boy there's a lot of
people with us now
I know we all found each other finally
yeah I know everyone I'm here
