to Darcy Merry Christmas love Zoe oh wow
open Wow
we are you gonna do it open oh oh it's
for dancing oh it's beautiful pajamas
look you can wear these beyond on lines
should do this which one should I do
um this one look see what's this cat I
just like to say I've just woken up at
sportswear on my tippity-top whoa
kitties Oh Darcy what's in there Oh
pepper huh it was it Darcy take her oh
wow
who's that I'll take one oh the
sunglasses have retired who's that oh
it's a pepper
now she's got to get her mother pepper
hey yeah - pepper oh wow now you've got
two we've got George and pepper pepper
April ah aha you're gonna give her a
cuddle it's just an excited she's doing
a dance let's go where's it gone where
are they where's pepper black where's
pepper don't know where's pepper
let's pepper hey where is she
show me where's pepper tada
okay where's Jorge as George boom oh I
was shocked
both times hey where's pepper boo
there's pepper last Wonder Bread a troop
in it it's not pepper though I'm afraid
not pepper this is your own makeup
cosmetics set and it's all wooden makeup
oh wow dancing look at this mask for you
so you could do your own makeup Darcy
Wow what is for Darcy because if you sit
near Darcy with your makeup bag she goes
through it so I bought her her own
little children's wooden little makeup
set so she can play with the makeup but
not actually get makeup on her something
Zoe's favorite his infrared to let you
all know that is wooden and it does not
transfer any color and I will be
instilling that she's beautiful with or
without that's this it's beautiful
mummy definitely need some this morning
Gigi Oh lovely oh wow Darcy you on oh my
god okay I got Barrett by are you off
shopping mmm-hmm did you go to Primark
put your mummy did
Louise now what's happened here they
just appeared on the tables well I was
mindin and I fell into a shop and bought
several Maltese a product soda sipping
259 minutes
what I sustained himself because he
might notice I'm wasting away these are
the best thing about Easter time because
they're amazing
so we kind of got a bit excited
instructor magics people doing today
things agree we are currently train
station and we are going to London today
- H - event Tresemme tres la at the
circus Olay which I've never seen myself
I have blamming Lotus were fitting in
them fruit special nice she means cafe
and then he said would Viviana does
makeup and reporters come with us on a
magical mystery journey of dependence
and acrobatic displays
me
is that what you meant to do this okay
so we're now in the taxi on the way to
Harrods you boo boo you you know we're
going into a tunnel I love tunnels ready
you day Hey
please and I were just discussing hot
drinks because neither of us like hot
drink we don't like to you we don't like
coffee I do actually like hot chocolates
but you know when you think of hot
using tea and coffee really yeah and
Louise goes jittery like making tea tea
has ingredients that T's hard work but
ingredient yeah
teas I learn guest comes to house and
I'm gonna drink with my auntie my
pathetic sugar as well I just be coach
that my brain I have to do sugar as well
ingredient of a juice see are you inside
Hey we're currently in a taxi look his
Fleur Louise your most attractive face
with a sacrifice Lily and Anna we were
just discussing how much we love Girls
Aloud loud and we're also stuck in
traffic which is not cool because we
need to be there in no no please just
saying casually I'm thinking about going
blonde all over all night long so here
we are with our drink it would suit has
a champagne Julia's isn't drinking she's
not pregnant
this was like a funky dream is Lily
pebble I'm going to leave the link to
Anna's and Lily's video is below because
they're honestly my favorite new chair
my favorite my face is reminds me of
each other
like I just like to be as you think
yeah
what have we got here then oh my god I'm
getting on it roni really is yes is a
mirror
Oh
taking little ants to run their to me
you know
via lanyard sir glass alone lanyard oh I
look really disheveled because it's not
the end of the day and it's worse next
day now
it's 20 past 12:00 we are on the train
home
pretty much on our own there's not a lot
around I had an amazing night did you
have an amazing night
I thought it's very good but that was
like
so feast your eyes we went to the
treadmill and that was nice and we got
to learn about the new transmitted
product and then after that oh yeah
Louise have a head and all night
and then after that we went to went into
like a little box room which you like
overlooking the whole thing like the
perfectly right the front work
and watch this excel a and it was
incredible that there's so many moments
where you forget to breathe because
you're so tense
you're just like
and we thought people going to die
multiple times but they didn't says okay
but yeah I do you think you're not going
to seen sex and I definitely do it we
are now approaching
Cheddington we don't want to get please
take care when stepping from the trading
platform
you may sexy tired face also say you
kind of go it constipated I think maybe
will L not log here because I can't even
hold my camera I'm not too sure I'm not
ready to sure what this is right now I'm
just leaving goodbye I'll be the same as
yeah I do
idea jr. and yet and yet
has gone to bed
like the way we just knock this a motto
is it when you drop this one
