Oh today with Jim I'm really big I'm
actually running out with you we are in
a studio though I'm doing Jim we're
filming on daily mix which is the
channel that we film with me Tom
Dominick Bruce Wayne and now Zoey as
well she's really exciting and it's
great to have her this is first time we
filmed mr. items up in there rending
wall relev√© again should we see who's
braver to run oh my god it does not know
when to stop it's gone then see how fast
run reset looks a Tiny Tim for a change
one these my house is so much fun are
you excited to be here today I am very
excited oh we're doing like a challenge
video today so some introduction to the
channel it's really fun and this all
hits a head so challenging me going
against each other I secretly excited
but I think I'm gonna lose no Jim
not this challenge we're on the first
one but I think Jim will beat me in this
well really the idea vision we've got
once or feminine challenge and one sort
of masculine one and this is a feminine
one and I'm one out my dad
like seriously so am i though and that's
bad I mean it may as well be waxing that
sound that's easy relaxing sort of
intimate areas of it at the time no but
I mean that's what it may as well be
because you have that much clue is the
one doing that show around this is
really cool motion if you just had a
student listening like you're the back
of your house I'll do this
hi okay so me and Jim finished filming
and we just go back to clean office and
I just sat down did it deter general I
sat down ting yes but my lovely card my
lovely card and from oh I got me that
name let me see
looks like patty patty hm
I have read it I just complete your name
is lovely and it makes up for all the
things that's only got here I'm sure
they're all lovely today
well no mine's much better Patty's are
much nicer than all of your subscribers
well then it won't be as good as mine
okay simple I did come the other day and
collect all my things you can see it on
a mock one of my vlogs so it's so easy
I'm just gonna say you've opened the
first one is from somebody in Korea yeah
nail polish the couple's son is it's
like black with like white wow it's
pretty kind of little letter if I'm not
open it yet mm maybe yes maybe I'll fill
me sporadically as you open shot color
oh my god I love chocolate
just openness from Sandra firstly
amazing handwriting I real I am in love
with Sandra like she got great writing I
know Sandra from tumblr already on
Twitter actually because I've seen her
tweet these before
look how amazing I'm storing her that
incredible Priam posters so you can see
probably look how amazing that is
I mean I draw but I don't draw that well
she didn't in my favorite color orange
basil I think she I think she asked Joe
what colors instead Purple's just then
I'm done them in our favorite colors I
actually can't believe how good they are
they're amazing on hold it over your
face it's about the same size you had
anyway there you go Hey
hey get your proportion yeah pretty much
thank you so much
blessing I do apologize I didn't open a
joke because you did right over with Joe
on the box I was just too excited so
some people have arrived she was already
here honey we've got Marcus Butler TV
here no it's so nice to me
and look who else I have got happy used
to be in the UK Caspar Lee how are you
what's wrong with you just embarrassed
why are you embarrassed there's so many
people everywhere yeah means Africa are
there no people those lions I'm sorry
that we're not lying
I'm also sorry do your best line
impression hmm that was really okay girl
be every day's a pointlessblog I love
being in front of the camera are we
going oh come on you look very nice and
reclined on that chair and that's my lap
so just left my shoes and some tacks
only one is wearing are you gonna ring
the taxi mum not because it was a really
good team can it wasn't even attacking
such small schools if I might kind of
address issues in their left yeah all
right you give up boom cool so we're
gonna go and eat food yay like this rug
do you want me to film you for your
little bit no you need more so I think
it's filming already
okay go do I'm gonna put you on that
side yeah what do you mean this side
yeah I like okay go talk Reggie hi could
be my cameraman cast it's okay
any time you baby for this right yeah
I'll keep you in short no matter what
you can run it around I'll keep you the
shot yeah see how gonna give you a job
so negative
can you see my Fitness today yeah I come
can predict where you're going next
think you all want to subscribe to me on
youtube my name is Casper leave its d IC
ASP I'll say that again youtube.com
forward slash D IC ASP subscribe well
that was slightly more smooth and going
out I've drawn a slide off got a race go
back down each side oh my gosh okay
someone's gonna die now Dom Jack and
Jimmy
cuz the commentary Jim one size that
ones that I thought I I may have one
like aged 16 11 how is a Sri Lanka
please amazing thank you my volson nice
camera but we've quite a nice town there
do i under they are doing I was landing
on my back
look I'm peso good oh you look much
longer camera oh yeah definitely where
and definitely really cool I'm glad you
had a nice time let's go eat food
there's a lady trying to drive through
oh my god chaps you did
Oh Guinea over she should know them yeah
you're driving through copy pavement I
stroke are said to be very from Miss
Lucy laughs and Katie
we are happy and we're all around at the
table quite a big table to accommodate
yourself a good probably get me now is
go through it okay you get like eight
dishes yeah I like to eat
oh oh
oh I don't have a quesadilla quesadilla
okay literally in a box what she's
getting a deep yeah I have to pound the
killer
she's we're doing Sharon yeah do it he's
trying to tweet so Jack for you having
not any pieces of deer I think she'd
have a case of deer having some of that
destroy that's Jack shaking with
Moroccan yourself Caspar decided to
lever regio mean is really bad not to
know
and exultation
instead like Cosmo chose to make sure
you get weaned from him medication how
do you do it like a finger tracking
things he's late again
yeah what about the kid get the fighter
that was a good effort as aggressive hi
it's me Doug you can't see me where this
is the end of the vlog that's such a
good for my kid I can see you how about
you do there you can see hi Oh shine
everyone oh no that video yeah anyway
have you ever rode with everyone
standing around this I see the pressure
there's about seven people like this ah
okay we just finished our meal and I'm
gonna say goodbye now I'm really tired
Hey look look double block look at that
look at that are you better McCarty yeah
that's well Artie they are so so well so
good wow YouTube's are cool right anyway
never say goodbye say goodbye I'm sorry
I'm gonna do the light on I yeah there's
the light is there anyone there
hey how do you bar thank you goodbye
you made me so long doc with a word I'm
not stuffin it what surprise how you
doing really good what's up guys how you
what's up guys how you do guess what how
did you introduce yourself as if no one
knows who you are
Anthony I'm gonna love it that's right
whenever we talk about Casper life we're
watching videos all I say is could be
love it thanks bye Jim BYE MOM bye bye
Alfie my daughter
good bye oh you need my you're the main
one
hello again some like no yeah the whole
point of me making this video for you
today is to give you a complete rundown
of all my favorite beauty products of
2012 I have quite a lot of products down
here that I want to get through and
share with you
