I coughed but she watch you know it is
great so last Christmas we gave you we
gave you how I didn't hmm the holly
jolly Christmas tag you know just the
one usually you know Holly and Holly in
the IV at Christmas the stuff that grows
Holly for Lance Holly Willoughby be
Holly whoo Holly Holly whoo Holly green
marine holy macarons each I can close it
smuggled okay yes dire go blah blah neat
huh question a spider
my brain hurts Oh pop this is the part
we burn the house down write my books
and gifts on gifts gifts gifts on the
tree coals actually a quite decent
present because actually quite expensive
so it's a non-renewable energy source
gets by itself
whoa I don't like money you go what so
you think you would be on the naughty
list what you've done this year there's
naughty all these drug deals you got me
bad people will believe you I've got it
to you too yeah alternate you too we
ready we're not random
do you like your biggest news
exaggerated love rapper fat back yeah I
think it is probably waited that time
for eating time sleep sleeping and would
you say I'm on the nice list
he'll know why and blues doctor he did
deal yeah with jingle bells sing and
jingle bells swing
I'm campaigning this thing's mushy see
how much you really go broke what more
can I do
and you pop the vein in my neck
does it turn upon its be a wave a carrot
the reason drop to nose good juggler
jumped by the way I don't like Larry's
like come won't worry like thing what am
i year yeah let's just move on from that
name all of some tis some deer and the
rain did not mistletoe and why children
singing it don't ya and FIFA no I really
want to show how many Christmas presents
have you bought no no no actually I
robbed right all right shut now what
would be your favorite place to visit or
your all-time favorite motorized precise
I need like cucumbers on my eyes means
wake me up with any cucumber in the
fridge yeah gonna get something like to
think about army I died I feel nervous
why is it I lie to you but all the men
opt it for opening riff for pick Melvin
the come over look at it look at it look
at it look at it look at it look at it
it's pretty sad so you said so add a
tune I know one oh nine oh two one oh
seven ninety
get out get out because now you would go
do your best impression of an elf
Oh
you did like yeah I thought you're gonna
say like a cool hmm
so we wish they happens a Christmas that
happens every time of year
what do you mean like rituals you mean
rich yeah what is your favorite
Christmas biscotti brown ones drag me
right up you kill me you kill MIT why
are you setting a single time instead
Merry Christmas every word I send you my
bro automatics might expect that's so
good
there's a really close over here with
okay guys so I will see you after
Christmas
yeah like this develop if we put you
into the festive mood has a spirit I
mean your festive engines turning
turning yelling Ricky burning yearning
whining grinding let's begin the dance
again my boot scooting baby driving me
crazy my second from a Western my dance
floor date my rodeo Romeo cats I got
from head to toe gonna make you mad but
again in that bird hopefully maybe even
a bit more festive a video DVD are you
sorry
just a girl movie massive thumbs up if
you're excited because you're not bad
maybe you just couldn't do it so I
getting Roy hey Paul hope you may be job
did you just slower jingle bell jingle
bell
he got all the way oh what fun it is to
ride on a one horse open sleigh
he Nobles Ginobili
