how exciting Louise is in my house look
in my bedroom look by my Christmas tree
by the candle on the bed
oh how sexual you lie there Oh Matt's a
lucky fella
let me just hope I'm gum if you don't
mind some gum to like G so it takes no
thank you
I usually go for two bucks have more my
mouth hurt so what we do Louise and that
and Darcy have come to my house today
which is channel Cosmo normally do so
Louise on car door to warn the reasons
you're gonna go in from some videos now
and then we're just gonna have a fun day
so yeah I'm excited I am excited yeah
let's go to the beach oh yeah oh you
again
oh is that don't see let's go oh yeah
Caesar Caesar
hello ha sprinkler Eno Aloha look I've
got joy her joke Darcy yeah very tell
you anyway ready ready
No why did the duck why did Dracula go
to the doctor yeah duck no that's wrong
it was because because of his coffin
setup funny no no
Oh buddy
today we've just met recording my video
so it was camerawoman again was how'd it
go
super they're really funny but that's
what's done to her
it's ruined cuz that Baker with his tray
like always see what bread rolls
yourself how'd you know just the same to
the mom we can do prevention
this is what I live with
I need six eggs that's too expensive a
ball that is provincial life so guys
nothing quite good what's up guys
so we are about to head off to the
garden center I just thought I'd quickly
try and show you I decided to put on
whilst I'm standing in my bathroom I
have a shirt on and then I have a little
necklace that has a bow tie on it like I
have the world's most miniature bow tie
joint makes me scare mark opens loft I
can cut off your scare stuff and I can
almost get though that he's no harder oh
let's not do that not do that I have on
a um like jerseys snood my little
necklace which is from love hearts and
crosses black shirt from H&M and this
jacket you vlogging me vlogging you
doing a little - yes I was and this
jacket is from me look Jack I just
bought these shoes and I have a feeling
they're probably going to get very
ruined today Joe's extremely white to
buy new shoes I'm on muddy ground and
Matt's got new shoes have you won you
shoes dude why do we all have new shoes
that's just bizarre
is that your white hole garden center
dance
good just great there's father Christmas
they're chilling in the back of that car
they left him in there he wasn't allowed
to go to Whitehall
laughing a black mask for nobody
and look at the mess on this table that
has literally nowhere to sit so we can
graph this one but no one's even
bothered to tidy it so this is the
dumping table where nobody is going to
tidy feeling better so excited hot
settle down calm down
so what so what is sister the
gingerbread man is it an odd position is
he a splayed ginger is a reindeer
thank you for India a Ranger window
we should get a scrubber yeah let this
little buzz
this Joe getting the straw ready to
Thatcher's raise me in the blue hat with
the facts but retrieve your dog is this
one your house you built a lovely
snowman out as a toucher we're calling
it quick
yeah yeah this is actually guys it's
thatched roof right here right knocking
on long strokes got ledges around the
bottom of this publish or stop from
getting the wrong one the straw browsing
on the bottom potential edges that means
that it's a bunch straw job a long straw
job there you go guys Lizzy they didn't
know what that truth was oh look look
should we this father Christmas on a
sleigh reindeer
it doesn't actually fly these garments
in pokeman of it mutton copper burning
sooo smooth he's also going on in a
circle so he could take you a while the
master that actually rings through
especially I said a Guinea bellick is
called glitter pick this is like the one
that Dan and Phil use the videos with
all in the bottom I shall call him
Rosetta pick DTaP they have lots of
guinea pigs tempted to buy them but what
would I do with statue guinea pigs oh
can I just film this dinosaur fur
because this looks like my hands is like
weird firm that comes in and it looks
like a dinosaur foot see what saw dr.
some reindeer
I'm not quite sure that backdrop is
convincing them that are still in
Lapland though so just in case you're
thinking about getting in those ago
you're not allowed why he's got good
murder before my day my pride
why wouldn't you want to go in there
that's the thing
brilliant snowman
don't be fooled by the fact that it's
actually December we are in fact buying
ice cream the system these are the
most amazing ice lollies in the world
and these are my favorite favorite
favorites and you can't buy them
anywhere except ice cream vans so I'm
buying one even though it's freaking
freezing what did you get oh come on
Joe's got his tongue stuck to the second
stop yeah you should probably try and
pull that up it's actually stuck Oh call
Brian even tell you the smell that is
coming from these Christmas trees they
smell amazing
please smell the Christmas tree Joe so
weird we are just about to watch elf
which is the best Christmas film in the
world ever ever ever ever
hizdahr seen Joe ready to watch elf
there's Matt feet and there's chummy
super excited to watch al we've ordered
a Domino's to all share between us
obviously and we've got some of these
cheesy bites which are actually quite
like Louie's am a just putting Darcy to
bed we're still watching out and now we
have a Domino's mm-hmm
oh it's the end of the day now we have
just watched elf the most Christmassy
film nothing ever and there's Joe and
Matt Louise are about to make the
journey home I don't envy you as I've
done that journey at night many a time
but it's okay because we've got each
other what we babe are you gonna turn up
the music really loud and sing songs all
the way home yes good particularly Adele
oh yes you should listen to some upbeat
music like One Direction we've got one
direction I don't want it now I'm
probably obsessed she's a fan girl I
always felt like if I saw them I
actually would like screamin - too late
and I do think about them in my spare
time a lot
you must do okay on that note it's time
for Louise to go but get her arm up take
her away and thanks for watching guys
eight yeah I stay with us goodbye
goodbye charming little things Oh
antibacterial hand gel this is a
lifesaver especially if you're going to
be going on the tube you know you don't
know where people's hands have been or
what they've touched that sounds really
wrong but you know men touch things when
they go for a wee and I bet not all men
wash their hands what escalated into
something else very quickly and got a
bit weird
