hello I have super messy hair oh I today
I'm at the sprinkle glitter household I
am currently looking after Darcy for the
day which is lovely Louise and Matt have
gone into London for a lovely couple a
married person dates for Matt's birthday
so I volunteered to drive here and have
a Zoe and Darcy day which is what we're
having aren't we Darcy yeah yes you get
a dance
nah no such a tease anyway um yeah so
I'm just gonna vlog parts the day hello
pretty pardon
I'm having lots of fun I love Darcy
she's louise is like my favorite female
and Darcy's my second favorite female
because she's just hilarious
so our film parts of the day and you can
come along too oh you found my sock
check out my attire right now yep
Christmas leggings and cute socks
Darcie where's your nose where's your
mouth where's your eyes yeah well done
where's your ears yeah where's your hair
no no no no where's your hair so Darcy
is going to do a what's in my makeup bag
so what have you got in there Darcy
what's that what else is in there oh
pretty oh dear
mascara is that your choice of blusher
oh pretty
oh dear
one two
it is now half US one oh very speckled
I'm just on the sofa at the mo i've just
put darcy to sleep for a little
afternoon nap and i don't feel very well
it started with a really sore throat and
now i can't breathe out of my nose which
is really nice when darcy wakes up from
her nap i'm gonna give her some lunch
and then i think we're gonna do some
water coloring which would be fun
because i don't think she's ever done
that before
and but yeah for now I'm just gonna edit
my video I'm just sat on tumblr right
now which is not very productive and
I'll see you in a bit
so I am currently on tumblr which is
probably not the best use of my time but
I always find myself on there I'm having
a little browse around checking out tags
and things and then I come across this I
would I would say that this is the three
of us at our best would you not
basically just Finn start laughing at
that for the last five minutes yeah so
whoever made that thank you I enjoyed it
thoroughly what are we doing Darcy oh
painting look Lola
this is Darcy's painting we're painting
a picture but Darcy's much more
fascinated by the actual paint brush in
the water than the paint brush and the
paint but fun Darcy yeah yeah is she
sleeping gonna paint some more of your
picture yeah go on then
is that Barry White - pardon now you can
like tell a silly silly thank oh okay
what yay are you talking me through the
painting that you've drawn
hey is it an abstract I'll get that
Wow so much meaning behind that one
painting hey are you done then is that
your picture done shaking off so much
hard work oh hey there so I'm still
feeling really poorly Darcy's keeping me
company they want you yeah and we've
done some painting Oh
but we've just been sat down on this rug
having a chill-out reading some Burke's
doing some puzzles all gone yes your
lunch has all gone Julie getting more
and more sniffily and more and more ill
and his Mindy as well hello Mindy I hope
Louise I'm at having a good day anyway
that looks lovely Darcy you look
spiffing
