hi so today I am doing the much
requested video talking you through all
the new lifestyle gifting products which
are going into boots and on line up
boots I did show some of these in my
winter wonderland vlog which if you
haven't seen make sure you go and check
out I'll leave a little link in the
description box that you can also find
it on my channel somewhere around I'm
really really excited about this
collection just because I love the color
color combination I love the color
combination so much I love the design I
love the pattern and I absolutely love
the products and I really hope you do
too so I'm gonna start I'll start with
like the bigger things I think so
we have done a lifestyle advent calendar
you know how much I love Advent Kunduz
every year I have about 30 of these and
I really really wanted to do one myself
I thought it would be really really nice
to have one especially with things like
homie bits in because those are all the
things I love and I feel like there
aren't many that offer like a variety of
different lifestyle things you bought
ones that might specialize solely in
candles like the Yankee ones and last
year I had the geek the dip teak one
this was so hard to get right and I
really really wanted it to be absolutely
perfect so this did take a lot a lot of
time and tweaking so yeah I'm very very
proud of it I'm not gonna like zoom into
this because this shows you what's
inside it so unless you're gonna go and
specifically search out what's in this I
don't want to ruin it for any of you
that don't want to know in this video
but it looks like this this is actually
a plastic Oh
Nilus spotted someone outside no no that
was a reflection so it looks like this
in the shop it has like a sort of
plastic bit over it just to like protect
it obviously you don't want people to
damage them on the shop floor but I do
have another one here
she doesn't have the plastic on it which
I can fully show you so on this side
you've got all you need is Xmas which if
I'm completely honest is all you need
and then on the other side you have all
12 doors you can decide whether you want
to go one to twelve so like halfway into
the month or if you want to do every
other day up to a Christmas it's totally
up to you or traditionally the twelve
days of Christmas I believe is after
Christmas so I mean if you want to wait
that long you can but I'm not going to I
feel like just for the purpose in this
video I am gonna open one door and that
door is gonna be at random which one
should we say 7:00 it's the closest one
to me damn dinner this is actually one
of the things that I'm like most excited
about put a little hole so you can get
it out easily this is a room spray I
have never done a real straight before
and this was really really fun to
develop it looks like a tiny perfume
it's not don't be fooled and it is
Christmas Clementine scented and all my
goodness I'm just gonna spritz them now
because ah smells incredible and I'm I'm
just really excited to that I've got a
room spray so yeah Christmas Clementine
room spray you can only get that in the
Eric Holder you can't get that as its
ownit product and then you've got the
other days that you can also open so
yeah that is like the biggest thing that
there is available what next this is
quite a lot of people's favorite that
I've shown so far and it is the catching
Z's so this is a hot-water bottle
and I mask set and I'm gonna open it for
you I actually don't own a hot-water
bottle so when this idea was presented
to me I was like actually do you know
what I have so many people who I know
only one of these and every time I go to
like get one or I really want one I
don't actually have one so we designed
one I would absolutely love to have a
essentially and I thought if I love it
then other people might love it so it's
this really lovely like knitted effect
hot-water bottle with extremely soft
furry little green pom-poms on it and I
just think this hot-water bottle I ever
did see and then sleep mask wise we have
this one it's this really lovely soft
like jersey material and it has little
gold eyelashes on it and it's just a
really lovely quality eye mask because I
I really really hate the ones that are
like the ones that you get free on
flights that kind of like feel like I
don't know that like plasticy and hard
like I don't I don't really like those
but these are the style that I'm like
obsessed with they're just very very
soft and lovely and just feel amazing on
your face so those two things come
together in set next up we have warm and
toasty this this needs to spin around
let's just spin him around so you can
see okay
little pom-pom hat which is like my
favorite thing ever I think I said this
in the winter wonderland vlog but it's a
gray kind of knit nice and baggy nice
and scrunchie yeah that's you and it has
this beautiful green basically the green
that we've used in this range is like
this gorgeous kind of Foresti green
which does always make me feel quite
Christmassy which is why I really wanted
this color and this color green is like
it's kind of like a Beatle green and
it's one of my favorite colors so I I
created my most ideal hat so I really
hoped that for a lot of you this is your
also your most ideal hat too and that
also comes with a mug so it's a screw on
lid which personally are the only ones I
ever want to use because if it's a lid
that you have to push on I've had many
experiences where I've been like
drinking and I've not pushed the lid on
properly and it's not turned out great
for me so it's a screw on lid so you can
never go wrong
and it's properly insulated you're not
going to burn yourself on it I mean
obviously it's gonna have hot things in
it so be careful but it's you can hold
it is what I'm trying to say and on it
it says drink and I just think it is
perfect for all your pumpkin spice
lattes and all your hot chocolates or if
you actually like tin coffee tea and
coffee okay next up is a little bit of
stationary and it is this amazing note
padding I take out the plastic so it
doesn't reflect and look at this
beautiful print huh I just love it
it's got copper on it and it's this
again it's the really lovely dark green
and we did this really nice like
embossed copper leaf print and yeah I
love it open it up and it's got some
ducks inside and then lined paper
because who wants a notebook with
outlines in it does anyone ever buy a
notebook on purpose with no lines to
like writing maybe to draw any words but
who who buys them with no lines to write
in my writing would just never be
straight so yes absolutely love this um
buy it to make all your Christmas lists
and to get organized for Christmas
that's what I'm gonna be using mine for
anyway another thing I've never done
before but it's actually proving to be
one of my favorite things in this range
and quite a few other people's are these
tins now I have a lot of baking tins I
mean you want me to use them for baking
it does say on the top bits and bobs but
I genuinely have tins like this and use
them so if you like baking especially
around this time of year I feel like
most people do their baking you've got
like gingerbread men it's nice to have
things like this to keep them in sailing
that I have tins for storage and
organizational purposes up in my office
anyway so I've actually already found
that I'm using these for things so
they're proving to be very very very
useful
you get one which has these really
lovely kind of abstract Depot
on and that says bits and bobs and then
another which is like the journal which
is the green with the copper foiled
leaves on whoa you drop that over Nala I
feel like I'm gonna need to speed this
up because this is already very long we
have a little copper pencil case on the
case these are so useful for if you have
like a couple of like really nice pens
or you don't have too much that you want
to carry around with you I used to
actually swear by pencil cases of this
size when I was in sixth form because I
did not need protractors and compasses
and all the other things I needed all I
wanted was like my good pens a ruler and
some like pretty colored pens and I kept
them in this and it was so neat in my
handbag because at this point I wasn't
really using a bag I was using a handbag
so I that's when I found those most
useful and I love this size I just this
size is very very useful brushes like
makeup brushes we have a little bento
station stationary set so you have lots
of different kind of desk or office
essentials in here you have a ruler two
pencils a little notepad some washi tape
which has the little leaf print the same
as the notebook and some paper clips a
pencil shot like a coppery pencil
sharpener and a little rubber so if you
were thinking of upgrading your
stationery you've got it all in one
place
oh I feel like that would make a really
nice gift for somebody for Christmas I
don't think you can ever really go wrong
with stationery on that note we have
another one of these these are the
weekly goals pads you can rip this off
so you can rip the week off as you go so
you can fill these out and then you've
got a little note section a little
ticket off section and then you've got
your individual peel off sorry about the
light like reflecting in it then you've
got your individual peel off ones for
certain projects or things that you are
working on there's also very desk
essential and this is a this is your
year death
calendar this is so cute I'm gonna open
it so I can show you there we go look at
that it's so flippin cute so it comes in
this little wooden block and you slide
them in and then you've got January and
all the days and then it says make the
days count
February you got this like that all at
all like inspirational quotes or just
things to kind of uplift your mood and
there's a different one for every month
and it's a little guess color so it sits
on your desk and when you're there like
working or typing away you will always
know what day it is because at first
glance you can see it and I really like
the size of this I hate when calendars
are so big and you can't like hang them
up anywhere like this is perfect and
also I'm gonna like keep these
afterwards that you can cut them up
after each month and like give one to a
friend or something I just I don't know
I think it's really cute we have the
cozy Christmas set this set comes with
some really lovely like chunky knit
socks kind of like the ones we did oh my
god who is that Alf
I can hear you I can see you he's scared
me I'm filming a video your favorite
just come in oh like that just talking
through my new Christmas lifestyle stuff
Oh which one's your favorite
I like the big the advent calendar big
event coming dear I just like the whole
color scheme I've got one of these in my
office happy are these oh you put one in
my office yes I know the only thing with
that is a comedy use it until January
the first oh yeah of course
just waiting just like three months
ahead you can get that in a set if
you're feeling generous or you know
someone who would like that as a gift or
you can buy cozy Christmas on its own or
as a diffuser now this this scent to me
is ultimate Christmas smell oh it's my
favorite it's like
so this candle says all is calm all is
bright fill the air with the festive
fragrance of winter spice and sweet
sermon the perfect scent to get you in
the Christmas spirit and that is
essentially what it is it is the most
divine scented candle ever this this for
me is the ultimate Christmas smell and
once you've smoked it let me know if you
agree because this to me is what I would
describe as a Christmas scent and it
makes me feel so festive
in fact I've put out the reed diffuser
upstairs because I can't contain it any
longer
I've been so restrained in not lighting
this or having this out up until this
point especially because I've just got
back of holiday I was like I can't like
a Christmas candle before I go on
holiday that's weird
but now I'm back from holiday and these
are all available now I thought it was
about time so yes you've got the
diffuser and also the candle cozy
Christmas alongside that we also have
festive cookie for those of you who have
a bit more of a sweet tooth or prefer
sweeter kind of more Christmassy kind of
Treat smells which I know a lot of
people do this one is for you because it
smells delicious
Christmas just wouldn't be Christmas
without the warming scent of sweet
gingerbread indulge in delicious notes
of freshly baked gingerbread cookies and
creamy vanilla icing Happy Holidays so
this one is very very similar to the one
I released last year which was
gingerbread and so many of you liked it
so we kind of adapted it a little bit
and made it like a smidgen more sweet
and so now so now we have this festive
cookie it's delicious and then last but
by no means least we have cozy Vybz mug
got an ala hare in it already how's that
possible it's a good job I don't ship
these out because everything would
somehow have an ala hare on it and if
you have a dog you know exactly what I
mean they just get everywhere
it's a proper china mug that you can
hold and drink your preferred hot
beverage of choice I mean it doesn't
have to be a hot beverage if you don't
even enjoy hot beverages it redoes n't
have to be but this has that lovely
green inside and it has again the like
little abnormal polka dots and then it
says cozy vibes and this really lovely
like gold foiling so yeah Cheers
that is all of my new Christmas
lifestyle bits so they are available
online at boots comm and also in boots
in Boots you might have to go into like
the gifting section which normally is
like the most exciting section around
this time of year anyway because that's
where all like the amazing deals and
stuff is going on so yeah let me know
which one of these you like the look of
the most or which ones might end up on
your Christmas list and give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll see
you again very very soon but
