today myself and Mark are look at this I
woke up with a spot by the way this has
not happened in like three months
myself and Mark are doing a Halloween
shopping day so basically we've made a
list of shops which we think most likely
so Halloween gifts like decor and sweets
and we're just gonna drive to all of
them and we're gonna go and look at what
Alawis and stuff they've got in and of
course I am going to be taking you with
me first thing I need to do though is
get some makeup on my face especially
here and I placed a cheeky little Santa
beauty order so I might try it out I
haven't tried it yet I feel like I'm a
bit late to the trying fenty Beauty
bandwagon but I've picked up two shades
both very different I got 140 and 200
this wasn't ordered that I placed
another on holiday so I think 200 was if
I have a tan which I think I still kind
of have and the 140 was more like you
know all year round but then I also got
cheek hugging highlighter brush and a
full-bodied foundation brush so I'm
gonna give this a try so let's go for
the full-bodied foundation brush which
looks like this I actually really like
the brushes there we go so what shades
do we think I am so this foundation is
Profoto soft matte long wear foundation
oh not bad
well it's quite like running I didn't
think it would be as worried as that oh
my god you guys
this is literally my skin color I'm so
lucky
hmm not bad so far no but it's quite a
nice like finish gee whiz I need to get
my brows done I've got to brows that are
like sticking out first coat on I really
like this it's definitely a lot drier
than I'm used to I think if you have
really dry skin you're not gonna love
this
I've got combination skin so mine's sort
of dry and patches and like we lien
patches so I'm interested to see how
this kind of fairs throughout the day on
my slightly more oily areas okay well
I'm gonna carry on with the rest of my
makeup now
what else did I buy oh I did get a
concealer let's try this
I got it in porcelain um so this is you
can see the stick I'm not really a
concealer stick kind of gal I much
prefer a liquid that's how much you get
in it but I'm gonna give this a whirl
just cut me you up oh not gonna lie not
really that I'm not sure if this is more
for it's definitely not the right shade
I'm not sure if this is more for kind of
spots or like under eye because it's
matte
hmm we didn't really blend into my
forehead I need to put some foundation
back on top because now my forehead is a
different color to the rest of my face
that is my entire base with just the
foundation and the concealer I quite
like it I'm really interested to see how
this lasts a tiny bit of collection
under my eyes just a teeny bit here I
have to say this brush is lovely base
done okay I also ordered the kilowatt
freestyle highlighter Jiro so let's open
this oh my goodness okay so I need to
this is like nothing I have ever seen
before I don't know if we're gonna be
able to see how glittery and shimmery
day is holy cleansing and contouring so
I'm gonna use my trusty Charlotte
Tilbury as you can see I've hit pan I'm
gonna go straight in with a highlight I
feel like you're all gonna want me to
use this one well I'm gonna oh I need to
use the brush oh this is a really lovely
size it's not too big I like it
precision going in looks intense
oh it hugs your cheek
can you see that holy crap
might need to blend a little bit okay
this highlighter is probably more for a
night out down a trip to buy Halloween
decorations but that is a lovely
highlight
I love the foundation which I really
didn't think I would because it's matte
I got the right shade which never
happens and yeah the only thing I'm not
sure about is the concealer if I'm
completely honest but then I don't
really do cream concealers the brushes I
freaking love overall I'm actually
really impressed with this collection
the other thing I did order was the
scented glow lip gloss but I don't want
to wear that today so I'll try that
another day right I'm gonna finish up my
makeup
and this is my finished makeup in
natural light I think it looks really
nice I like it thumbs up for you t do
you like my I love little pumpkins all
very festive right
first stop town right home scents
Poundland 99p storm Matalan there are
Matalin in Brighton you tell me googling
party store happy birthday you can mix
tack with Zoe sorry but you could have
this your like Halloween name on Twitter
that's the thing I was gonna ask you I
was gonna walk
Marc Marc Farrell I think that's great I
hated see I've got the most on spookiest
of names shark
dark fairy dark Ferris I said yeah Scala
I really want to start dating again oh
my god you sure I think it's just this
happened so naturally why do you know
why use it when you moved out yeah I
just you've got like your own like spec
you can film everyone I know and I think
I love seeing
this is really intense for Monday
morning Tuesday for a it's like a horrid
word Pharaoh
to know what you know I fancy a
cappuccino yeah let's get one mmm boss
crazy yeah this ain't really eerie about
one kid I'm sure I've been walking to my
question so much the past few months
yeah just been sitting up straight
I've always looked tall but I've never
like really pumped but when I sit iced
out but I'd make it like point to sit
like that now this is so good being a
plain old man
stop oh it's just maybe fell over
burn out the car two seconds first stop
what is it again
we've got all these spooky tree now as
well as bio for myself I also have to
think about Daniel and Joey oh my god
mark look for the Halloween section we
found it
Oh some of these masks are terrifying
because loads in here yes it is all the
little lights around I hear a baby not a
rat oh and bats bats rats and spiders oh
I could create browsing nothing look I'm
recreating what happened years ago
we would enjoy HomeSense we go oh my god
there's so much
oh also look she keep it at Christmas oh
my god there's a lot of very breakable
things in here I just can't resend those
to America so much goodness he remembers
these I may have found another a couple
of Halloween outfits this is a peacock
and I'm very excited to bid on a horse I
found a little pineapple which might be
a bit small but we'll soon see and also
some Christmas cards which I mean
HomeSense are just the best
I don't know they weren't oh yeah look
at your boss skin you're normally like
at least half as full as mine but today
you are a you are let loose right now
cuz I've always I've always bought stuff
for my room but now I'm buying for top
layer oh ma oh yeah Phil obviously for a
minute you turn you in for one minute
you've got something on your shirt oh my
god this is my favorite song on the
piano
oh it's like a magnet marks drawn oh
come in to smash burger yeah
they have burgers huh yeah haystack
onion rings I think we'll smash back in
one smash it smash that on the floor
silence
putting or on your show
these healthy delicious oh by massive oh
yeah oh no we're yeah and then you're
gonna have to do a thirst right what's
happening here what happened something
up here I don't know where to go now
right you're gonna go want to go right
and then you're gonna take the first
left he's just on the same estate you
are so tense
oh no don't be silly my a-hole look at
him why is he done this no no we want to
go that way oh he wants to go that way
everyone every man for himself
stop consuming yourself we can do
anything
stop right take a right please
sweetheart
many of you it's this way oh yeah where
are we going oh I'll do my castilla my
guess ma'am linen Plymouth hello hello
waka I love you four minutes away we're
talking about now yeah and then we're
basically down Howdy's not over there oh
there's no parking
Oh ask Siri whether narrator words
hi to be tailored Oh
where is the nearest little where's our
stuck aster I didn't ask that
Sainsbury's is up here
do not back up my jumper go off my bag
no what's happening seems I don't think
I'm gonna vlog sciencebase I need my
full Halloween head on the fact that you
never drink coffee all drink alcohol is
baffling because like you're you
literally are you lose the island coffee
without pure yeah please stand still and
hold the handrail germs germs
well things read with most exploit day
they were just briefing so we just stood
and yeah they didn't really have
anything so now we are heading to have
star I hope they're okay they said my
head my head bigger ok Asda don't let
him stay on dynasty
we're in the seasonal outfit for my boss
there's lots of sweet
Wow there's loads of sweeties we have so
many good things down here oh my god the
masks are terrifying I'm not ready I'm
not ready if it's what I think it is I'm
gonna pose where are you I can only see
one ah I thought it was the baby mask
lovely hair where'd you go who cuts it
for you Oh
oh my god that is the worst thing I've
ever seen Zoe varnish spare change to
the trolleys
they've got some really good losses that
is really good we have to go see like a
proper party stage
like really creepy when they had loads
of those like half mask ones is so scary
ain't a scare some people on the way
home yeah you should just work but on is
really comfortable I think it's I can't
even air we are now in a different TK
Maxx but there's not as much here we
were hoping there would be a few
Halloweeny outfits for the dogs but none
here to no avail
yeah so I think now we've got a couple
of little bits and we're gonna head to
Waitrose Waitrose heading to Waitrose
found a bunch of flowers already
they are so beautiful let me see them
now we need to look for the Halloween
sex soon I reckon it's down here
somewhere
myself yeah there's not really much in
here it's all like I'm like much more
cutesy I would say def oh I've never
been in here before
you're gonna love it wow I look awesome
awesome make autumn awesome oh that
makes more sense guys imagine if this
was your bed when you were younger I
would have loved this can you fit in it
oh I can live in it guys I'm doing
something really silly as a 27-yard
woman I saw this ostrich and I couldn't
leave it how could he give it to my
child when I have one but I love it too
much and then I saw this I was like this
is the perfect
Southie for anniversary because it
reminds me wealthy it's just as hairy so
now I've got an ostrich and a sloth I
can't I can't not get come on it's
nothing I act you know what I wish it
was acceptable for me to have this bad
guys' the days gone on I've got more
snotty I've even had to buy myself some
Kleenex it's not looking good
it's all the excitement I let you send a
video was it how one of alfea's vlogs or
something I said to someone oh I'm
really been ill now look I'm getting ill
do you own I'm getting snotty you need
the Christmas you need the right we are
now we are we are we are now at Tesco -
so this seems to be the only little
section that they've got in M&S which is
not big but we knew it wouldn't be but
yeah we got some bits and pieces still
it doesn't feel like it's October at all
sunny evening someone is really throwing
me off picked up a few Christmas
magazines as well didn't I so I've made
quite the collection today they have
some of the prettiest trees head over it
very autumnal if you can see them behind
mark they're right we're gonna drop off
these bags and we're gonna head to that
massive Tesco over there which I've
never actually been in so hopefully it's
a good'n
again what is it about the 3rd of
October / Tesla okay well we will just
have a little look over their shoulder
shall we hear all this all this summit's
out oh it looks quite cool very
different vibe we get it you look after
my baby no you're the godparent good
parent scabby mark you cannot name my
child who do you think you are
it's called dark Farrell jr. we have now
come to there it is confusing
dog food or a month tail wax I was like
they might not we shall see indeed okay
so little was a bit of a fail no
Halloween items at all
literally nothing although I did take a
couple of pictures with some of you guys
which is really nice oh hello if I met
you in there a little little photo shoot
okay now d-o-d fingers crossed
okay things breeze were giving you one
last try we've come to a different one
because we were driving past it so we
thought we would just have a little look
just to see if maybe this branch should
put their Halloween decoration so I'm
sorry to think we just proved crazy now
instead of like this being a fun thing
annoyed right now
all right really excited for some
Halloween debt the answer is yes the
amount of supermarkets visited in one
day yes
Sainsbury's has redeemed itself and
there's a little like DVD Halloween
section do they have hocus-pocus though
that is the question no hocus-pocus not
interested jokes
look at these these are keys there's
quite a lot of cool things in here
actually what's happening what you got
hello changing pumpkin lights you put
them in the pumpkins and then glow
different perception is such poor idea
and sort of car Halloween song yay six
the original Monster chart hits and
spooky songs Bedknobs and Broomsticks
with a different DVD color cover
Halloween songs on bonanza nice luster
also this spot has like grown in size
all day look at it I'm ready to go so
yeah howdy is the last stop it's quite
small ow d so I don't have my hopes up
and I really need a way okay so that was
a big fat no in Aldi it might have just
been a bit small or we could be a bit
early either way that brings us to the
of our Halloween exploration day it's
been so much fun we get a head home now
and smuggle all the bags inside and
smoke a little bags in birds poodle and
have a little tea break oh so I'm gonna
see if Nala recognizes me she knows it's
way scored goals is good good we are
gonna go and scare our feet
oh I just jump to this did he be here
you saw me boy marks is right like that
is so bad yeah feel the heat coming out
the hole yes
Wow oh my god so creepy with the church
we've ordered a pizza face
this looks so delish I'm so excited I
feel so ill I'm like shivering then I'm
hot I'm snotty but we've just finished
our pizza was delicious and we're now
watching bake-off and then it is the
final of dr. pol dr. pasta dr. Foster
which I'm very very excited to watch say
