good morning everybody it's Thursday
what's the actual date today
twenty-second myself and Mark are off to
a fragrance house to sniff out all the
fragrances and have a lot of fun and get
to know what our nose loves the most
just so I'll show you our outfit I
really like mine today I'm very happy I
feel like the two of us it very
spring-like yeah I think we do I think
we look great right okay so mark give us
a rundown of what you've got okay these
trainers yet often taught man yeah nice
very comfortable these jeans in all
three corners like they're like ankle
grazes ankle braces these are from ASOS
love new look man ah a sauce
a third nice sauce a sauce and family
heirloom they'll never take it off I
have got sure a sauce I've had this
quite a while I love it I've got a
little top underneath to keep me warm
little cami got a little bit eyebrow gel
on there as well try to get off with it
keeping it real my glasses are rabe and
they're the ones that fold up really
tiny I've got my rings on one from Alfie
one from poppy and Shawn I always have
these on a lot of people ask me about
these I think this one is it's a cartier
love ring and this is a Maria what's the
brand I've forgotten it miss not miss
oma
I can't remember that's annoying isn't
it I'll put it in the description box
but that one's from poppy and sure for
my birthday last year and then I've got
these trousers on which are a sauce
they're like high-waisted like flurry
boys and I've got my little belt on that
I've had for ages and this is from a
sauce it's a little a sauce waist belt
and then my shoes are these which I am
obsessed with these are from Zara I have
them in my home recently love it love
the trains Thanks
we better hit the road hit the road jack
hit the road jack don't you come back
I'm not gonna dancing like an old lady
why am i dancing like this yeah Mel tree
hit that rope jack
okay let's go it was like Mac was like
oh my god what is this I think this is
gonna be my fave I haven't even smelled
any of it have you no I let you smell it
in the car oh my god this is just a
pre-production so it's not quite how
it's supposed to be like this is gonna
be like fully holographic whoo I love
the holographic so this looks nice
I'm just look look at this you're gonna
love it that product oh that's so cool
yeah lips but it's not the proper thing
so there will be changes they'll be
changes made I need to bring this with
me today to give back to someone at SOG
so that is why we got it right have a
lovely day I know but when I start to
mark I'm not taller at all yeah I
wouldn't notice I don't think you did
notice I do oh I did tell you I was
wearing yeah if I office I set my alarm
anyway but like you just start singing
and it's so loud and it echoes in the
bathroom and I'm already away I'm such a
morning person and so I should probably
do a little video on like things I do in
the morning but then nothing can make
you a morning person if you're not a
morning
because I was like step one when you
wake up get up yeah but is that not just
normal
isn't that like there's not really a tip
although some people probably does it so
people wake up snooze doze check the
phone like I've I sleep literally my
first number one tip to be a morning
person the minute you wake up get up
yeah like get out there I put my feet up
if you find getting out of bed harder
put your phone on the other side of the
room with your alarm yeah get like a
wake up mist
I love wake up mists or the diffuser
with a bit of peppermint and eucalyptus
Annette yeah it's life-changing I love
that this is like morning tips at surya
mark yeah it's only 10:25 as well go
outside is another thing open a window
open a window go outside get some form
of fresher for me that's quite easy cuz
I have a dog so I have to go outside but
once you hit that free yeah - one
outside Frost
just open the windows because it takes a
while for me to get downstairs in the
flat yeah she just open the big old
windows to smile wake up and smile wake
up and smile oh my god okay sounds like
a TV program wake up and smile was Zahra
and Mike so we are heading to a place
called Bishop's Stortford
we heard of that before of course I have
sweat out no I haven't either
let's hit the road I'm so excited let's
not crash into our fees away Oh silver
we go what shall we do with the drunken
sailor what should we do with the
drunken sailor what should we do the
drunken sailor early in the morning into
my head I think that in 20 years and I
kiss your ass
you know what my favorite song is in the
moment ah you know what my favorite song
is
okay I just love it anyone else noticed
marks been singing that song a year it
came out a little bit as well how big
can you make your nostrils like the
wider your nose does the smaller amount
sometimes you just know there's like an
energy about a situation like I know
this is like what we were talking about
polite in terms of like nice our you
know me I love going out I rarely say no
to a night out but there's been times
where I've been like I just don't feel
like tonight is the night where I want
to be going out and then I message my
friends the next day and they've been
like old I was a really crap night like
this but you know what I mean yes
sometimes you just get a feeling that
something's not right
yeah like sometimes it like I miss out
on an event which I'm not really like I
don't feel like I should be there and
then I'll talk about the assi so I'm
like oh my god I'm actually glad I did
go because that I'd like so much so many
stuff about that like that happens the
mind is a weird thing guys
at the time all the tire is a reason for
everything yeah if I'd have gone to the
Brit school I probably we wouldn't have
met and you didn't YouTube do you think
I don't know I don't I don't know
yeah like where would we be
there's so many crazy things like little
tiny things like what obviously is big
things for me going to uni if I went to
the Brit school I wouldn't have gone to
uni and I wouldn't have met people that
told me about YouTube obviously like
naturally I probably would have watched
there but like so many things I always
imagine if I did go to everyday god yeah
I nearly did what would you have studied
I really wanted to do something in
fashion oh yeah didn't know that was to
do it I feel like my school was great as
it was when you were in sixth or they
didn't
really educate you on the different
areas of within a career so for me
although I could have done my own
research I just didn't know exactly what
I wants to do so I didn't want to then
go into a career path I wasn't sure
about because I was a bit worried I
wouldn't be able to get back out there
my school was very proud unis like it's
the first day so just I'm like what do I
want to do know just like media I don't
want to go to drama school because the
Brit school didn't work out for me
nothing wrong with the Brit school I
just I would just shed was just effing
or for anything
no I've I've told you about this yeah it
was just a bloody nightmare but I think
that that put me off for life and the
fact that I could listen to the freight
album for years because thus I heard it
on the radio there and I heard it in the
British school and I just could listen
to her this is awful that's what put me
off doing drive around uni so just like
what's my next thing oh I love to film a
TV so I did in there
like even if I do go to uni I don't
think I'd be experienced with editing
like that's why I go to youtube shows it
so quickly because I knew how did I do I
love your editing I love video
everyone's been really liking my behind
the scenes
vlogging like showing more of meetings
observe and it's been so nice and like
really reassuring to read the comments
because I was so
do it because I saw I'm giving people
who to judge that make sense like I'm
giving them more I'm giving them like
not just like me I'm giving them like me
it'll be tasty making something which I
feel like it's something I'm so precious
about yeah there is an opening a whole
new side of your life to people yeah but
then I think this equals shout out the
doubters as well yeah and I did be free
think about look I just wanted people to
know it's not always like fun and you
know I mean I felt like people only
really wanted to watch the fun box
thinking about it now fools they think
when I'm not filming I'm not like how do
they know I'm doing what I'm filming
it's very interesting so sorry my
completely doubted how much work you did
I take it all back like you like to show
or decide I just assumed when you're not
filming you're not really doing anything
it's so crazy to me how some people may
think that you just sit on your ass I'll
just slap you names and stuff like
that's not how many thing 108 just don't
have good but then I also do understand
those people this is such a new career
so is it also like people don't really
know enough about the business side of
it because it just looks like filming
videos and like releasing things it
doesn't like no one sees that so I feel
like it's really nice that they get to
see that and now I'm obsessed with
wanting to see everyone else's I am
really really joint I'm glad everyone
glad you guys are enjoying it yeah it's
new as well thing that I did not think
it would do would be motivating for
people
everyone's like I feel so motivated I'm
like oh but no I just didn't think it
would make me feel like that I think
when you watch someone who's just so
passionate about what they're doing if
you just can't help it be okay this is
my chance now I want to be doing that
that's how I felt if I would like that's
why my favorite people are passionate
people because I bounce off their energy
and if someone is like talking about
saying they love I'm never paying more
attention to anything in my life yeah
and it inspires me so I get that 100%
yeah and there's nothing better than
just looking at someone gets so like
happy and excited about what they love
even if it's not for you it's just nice
to know that people are just passionate
about stuff yeah
have been like if I tried it yes it
might be scary yes it might not it might
cost you money to do like there's so
many elements around something maybe
someone's family don't want them to do
it
maybe like you know they feel like they
can't or they won't be good enough like
there's so many reasons why people don't
follow through with something they love
and it's so sad it makes me so sad that
there could be so many people watching
this with such driver passion and like
there's some good at something and they
know they're so good at it but they
don't feel how they can execute that
leads you throughout these creative
people and I said the other day I don't
put your happiness and other people's
opinions because it can be very
restraining itself and if it fails we
should try failed but you tried and you
did
you tried no one else did it for you
yeah and there's still a sense of
achievement in that even if it doesn't
work out give yourself a good old pat on
the back yeah let's start again
definitely tell you there was a point in
my life where I couldn't get a job right
no I had no money I couldn't get a job
I hated the fact that I didn't know who
I wanted to do and the only thing I knew
was that I didn't really want to work
for someone else because I loved doing
things for myself in the way that I
wanted to do them
and I kept seeing those adverts remember
years ago it was like you could earn
money online by filling out surveys yeah
and I was like can you imagine having a
job you might have be able to like be
robots and earn money online like it was
so beyond me but I just thought that
would just be treated my blood was not
earning me anybody at all for ages like
nothing I was doing with anybody I think
a lot of people don't realize I worked
at this when I wasn't learning anything
from yeah to get to this point but there
have been many times where I could have
given up many times where I could have
stopped because it felt like I was
putting in the world he gave nothing
back yeah but you just have to persevere
you have to just keep oh yeah out of the
four years I've been doing it out of
five years I've been doing it I spent
three years of it not owning a penny
yeah it's only been the last two years
where I've been earning money but I
didn't like so obviously you need money
to live and staff and my pay bills and
stuff were like if it is this or line of
work that you want to be getting in
Stucky go ahead and I had other job I
was doing it to you I was like this is
not earning me any money but I loved it
so much I don't want to stop I really
feel like this could be something and I
had people say to me what's the point
like why do you do that why what's the
reason for it like I don't get it
I had people that would tell me not to
do it and I just ignored everyone
because I loved it too much I was like
no I'm doing this I love it it's gonna
be something one day I just know it
so even though I was like once a
new-look working in the Wiltshire
wildlife trust but hey I'm still doing
it I would do that I would be lucky that
World Wildlife dresses and at the
weekend I would go to London take
pictures at like a London Fashion Week I
just had to fit it in around while I was
doing until the point where I've started
actually making some money from it then
I was like okay maybe I can use my job
everything could having her documentary
done or like a coming-of-age film they
would play me oh who would you want to
play you in a movie
Jim Carrey
I just think he's like the perfect
balance of insight and like yeah those
we've doing what the hell is that
I mean San Francisco yeah I just thought
I'd drive there instead the hell oh yeah
move in testing booths that looks like
something from a horror film that's so
cold
they have
in each one so
fresh blank slate
we can actually put it in there and we
can smell
we
this is what goes would you do all that
I'm a so it's a lot of testing goes
on in here to make sure we're that our
products are living as
yeah this looks lit there's a little bit
of celebeauty over there on the shelf
my fave Hey okay because it's your dream
job is testing diffusers and it's
wonderful because if we get into a
customer we want to make sure that it
works well discover the best place to
keep your cents and perfumes are
actually in the fridge hmm
that'd be taking them out the box we're
about to go and mix our own fragrances
only so basically you can kind of do
trials you've got bits with a
protein-based it when we're coming up
with when they will say
so we'll keep these here anyway see
always go back to them I'm just a bit
scared it smells so great other over
than the many either oh I could create
something quite oh they're not so strong
materials together okay as we bring in
these yes
yeah
I'll be on my way
I see a bit of sparks yeah why some days
you want your second believe me halfway
home and they don't know it's not he
stayed it's my first one no pressure
oh my gosh yeah so cool okay number one
does
we talked about the illustrative yeah
Eli yeah so I mean it's just a bit of a
it's not the real line list which is you
want to take away yeah and so really
reflect on you think about talk about
prints you like the patterns but we
thought it would help kind of with with
the idea it's many brain electric clear
the blue one the one where you can see
the product through the initially when
you said banana and that's gonna be
funny and I made friends with Mark
because you know you are I know this is
oh yeah let them smell number three
because this one is kind of the wild
card I thought of anyone add one one
candy so it's very very Christmas very
sweet it's got a real sort of tart edge
to it I love watching all your reactions
before it reaches me yeah I think this
one smells more water Melanie yeah but
number one
confused I'm shaking good but don't hate
it it's not that bananas well so that's
probably my feedback on this smells
exactly like the lip balm that I love
the banana scent of lip balm ah yes see
that doesn't give me careful vibes now
no this one is more it's less like sweet
this one's more sweet that one's more
just like foamy banana yeah that's so
clever not us do you think people are
like generally do like a banana smelling
product because I'm really worried I
think when it's part of a Ranger as a
seller if it wasn't it tire Bernard
eventually I mean it would be troubling
taste would you use a banana
okay well we'll see how that hole goes
towards cheering the main thing everyone
it's quite split but then do you think
it would be the same if I smell cheese
and I guess it depends on the
formulation of the package it's really
fun so okay I want to try that out
especially if it's a new see I think the
Mist can be quite apricot or H heavy
because it is I think one of the fruits
that you could probably get away with
like wearing
yeah yeah we are not as much of a fan of
that one yeah I think that's too sweet
for me personally
mmm quite sharp again mm-hmm yeah I
can't pick one okay one the second one
back yeah I'm leaving it smells so much
stronger when you so this is for the
fruit no fragrance yeah I'm surprised I
like this as much as I do because I find
sense that it's harder to you know I
think but no to it it's not just like a
sweet smell it's got like death and
you're making your own flavors as you
had I think a lot of sweeter notes in
there solares disease which can be quite
sweet
but when you balance amount
yeah Laurel yeah it doesn't come I was
being sickly-sweet it just gives a
lovely smooth fresh right yeah you do
you really happen don't think so Oh
marks not seen any designs missile ash
this coming out in July nice I like that
the beginning of it it's a puppy's
favorite smell so far this one is
interesting I can smell the peach is
obviously conscious making the fragrance
decision is a big decision so I'm gonna
when you go back to it I do quite like
the idea of seeing in this you can't get
so easy jumps now yeah my I know I love
these like smelly meetings and I do feel
like the strength lies in the shower
product for the summer ranges because
most people are sharp like showering
during summer months rather than burn
zone and holidays about Mark Miller or
do you think milky is a bit more wintry
well we could assume
bring the Battle of Hattin core as well
yeah okay so we would always have that
one who don't want to have known yeah
when do we get we get some Peter Pan
we've had samples in half the range
already amazing I've just being checked
off internally and then the second part
will come in next week's have to Tracy
is second house coming in and then the
girls like getting everything ready to
box of tricks and how to use eggs as
well for this one bit more floral a
little bit stronger a little bit more
kind of the serenity obviously like I
wish I could describe since like you
described that I find I find it so hard
to try and describe percent but that's
it isn't it you know we can all talk
about the way that something smells in
terms of it smells like these number one
this one thinking more like this game
ISM but kind of English weekend away
so the concept behind this women
favorites perfume as well was you think
of this great big beautiful manor houses
you've got beautiful grounds you have a
nice dinner the restaurant that you come
out morning it's a beautiful sort of
that English late summer sunshine
so it's green it's floral it's very
fresh but it's also quite elegant quite
grown up quite romantic
I need to take your flights with me oh
you are gonna know that's not favorite
one this is Christmas 2019 it's more
mature yeah yes what a good face that's
a frog but like a bit deeper please your
favorite when you smell fragrance what
hands up if you prefer this one more
than the first one not sure you're
always being normally they're very
different
yeah they are very give me something
back to me I think the concept we've got
it's candidate number two would better
and yeah nobody's more slightly more
indoorsy this one cut late this has more
outdoorsy I love this one and what I
want to wear this yes I do on their both
Rosie doesn't smell like roses really
what it is it's that it smells more like
a real rose yes rather than like the
rose that you think Rose yeah should
smell like it smells like unreal exactly
you grew up in the countryside you have
that smell of a rose it's quite yummy
yeah it's quite do it to this snappy
it's a bit this is one of my favorite
scents this whole meeting - yeah I want
to buy this now Lucy that normally I do
get you at least use this a lot more
before everyone else
yeah yeah oh my god we just picked two
guys now
this is not nothing we're ready a lower
you turn the camera on for this bear do
you know what I've had bad days
no I've honestly had it was like my
Disney today we made fragrances we
learnt about fragrances what works well
together I honestly had the best day
thank you for coming I got to see a
little bit of like insight inter yeah I
was gonna pop and meet in as well and I
was like yes feeling very like what's
the word professional but now it was
amazing it was really nice to get to
smell all the original scent and I
learnt so much about fragrance that I
just I don't know what I expected today
yeah we made our own fragrances we had a
meeting about potential new fragrances
for new ranges oh my god that was so fun
literally amazing and now we are about
to do
the two-hour journey home Nadia sorry
I'm gonna end today here mainly because
my battery is flashing and I don't know
how much longer it's gonna stay on but
yeah I really hope you guys enjoy today
and have fun with me and Mark at the
fragrance house this is also quickly the
place that actually does make my
fragrances for my Rangers mmm cool
Chapman to case
