good morning everybody it is Thursday I
have literally just over my eye and to
go outside kind of like not gotten what
wintery weather is like and she just
refuses to go on the grass okay all
right
fussy she hates getting her feet wet oh
okay there we won't look anymore I
personally cannot wait for August August
we're in all history awesome I can't
wait for autumn and I can't wait for
winter it's going to be a main theme
this feels quite wintery this morning
making the koi excited the like hot
porridge and oh I'm just cozy days we
actually haven't been able to light any
of the fires that we have well apart
from one which is underneath the TV
because that very much you can get quite
chilly in the evening good salmon Adam
bought me this my hairdressers cute
isn't it awesome me me and Alfie
finished but all the other fires on
house like log burners
we're not lit those yet it's just been
so hot we also haven't turned on the
algae yet because it's been really hot
but those are all things I'm very
excited to do
hair and makeup is done and I'm mad that
I can't talk and now I'm up in my office
it's really dark good client let you see
what's in the floor I really need to
move it oh now that I am ready for the
day I need to start putting the footage
that I filmed of me a mark on my laptop
because I'm going to start editing it
I haven't even filmed my video for this
week which I'm doing tomorrow this is
for a couple of weeks time but feel like
I should put it on my laptop anyway
because if I leave things to you long
sometimes I lose a memory card or I must
place it or I forget and then I end up
using the footage which is not good this
room that could definitely do with some
fairy lights I'm thinking like up there
on that just like a string of fairy
lights all the way along and maybe some
along weather fingers as long as there
as well cuz this room is probably one of
the darker rooms in the house I wanna
say and it's generally the one that I
spend most of the daytime in during the
week so I feel like we should put some
fairy lights up in here and make it a
little bit more cozy I am now going to
import the footage and then I have a
call with my therapist on skype and then
my friend Jay is coming which I'm so
excited about
I finished and with Jay oh my god do you
know what we should do yeah the last
time I filmed a click like this with
both of us in it oh my god was that the
laughter whatever Bianchi I don't know
what doesn't know about it I'm in the
car I think I think it was oh my god
okay say it is a video any of you and
watching my videos for a really long
time like I'm talking like a really long
time when did we put that up 2001 hard
for me no like night probably yeah in
about 2011 and if there's any of you
watching this I haven't seen that video
you are real like true zoella og because
that was a really long time ago and me
and Jay were sat in Jays car before I
was about to get on a train to London
eating McDonald's just chatting I guess
it was about a story time thing but it
was just talking it was just like me and
Jay randomly I might insert a little bit
inside little clip now as I just told
them Housel over video nothing my work
is over lilo
risen my deficit would be able mountain
velocity
yeah a lot for their names open me okay
bye
what's that did you love that that video
I actually still have my channel but
it's private because everyone is hating
on us because we're posting in eing also
I think back then people only wanted to
see me do holes and like beauty videos
and they did not like that I would just
have loaded a video of like forgive me
show you sat in a car talking about
random stuff monkey yeah although it's
quite crude but in the video is quite
crude like I don't think I could post it
was very public I think how we are
together yeah I agree
anyway Jay how are you just thank you
I'm very good
I just not changed pretty straight on me
and what is it that you said I can't do
it I've had my nails so I couldn't do
the class cuz I just have my nails done
I'm like you invest in nails than me
right now man problems I don't know any
way around careless as nails today was
good I need to mind how you find like a
little hidden gem the nail saloon has a
you got like a mobile dating didn't come
to it I would love that but I don't know
if any of you know anyone in the
Brighton area that does mobile nails can
you please let me know on Twitter
because I am I would like to have
someone to come to do my nails that
would be great and my toenails
holographic yeah they're holographic in
between you helped me so back to me
every time I don't want you to baby
why you wanna there's only one way to
find out are they actually well where is
she
yeah nearly oh my god I can't believe
you're such a true friend you actually
touched me bother me oh I need to show
you this so my bracelet that I was
asking you to put on me was from Ellie
Goulding which was so nice of her
she sent me this from Daisy London I'm
just like filming my chest I'll turn
around from Daisy London and it says Zoe
thanks so much for your support by
wearing this bracelet you will help in
the crucial fight against climate change
together we can make a difference love
Ellie also a very big picture of that in
there but it's so cute look it's a
little polar bear it's so cute
so thank you so much for asking but I
can't change my legs are so areas like
strikingly like they feel like my tomato
plant I'm growing anything like actually
feel like oyster this is a green
enhancing well I don't know sometimes I
do you think we think it's a bit like
cream look at our resort usually so this
yellow I think it's like sly okay only
thing I have washing well come on when
this is when it's quite cool thing since
we lived here flies poo on you in the
garden what is it not big the things
bigger than a fly yeah maybe I don't
like it is it isn't often JH each door
he's like no I'm going free I suppose
forget every time and I was like oh
porridge for breakfast you say it's
funny the amount of things like people
don't understand we is or has an end or
that there's someone ever dated that we
in cheese never there is Darian Qi you
can have dairy card yeah Michael sighs
oh God so the two of your two of you and
your cupboard is just like everytime
dairy go free Wow tell me why you're so
healthy and you come here and I might
want to cheese straws
a straw is something that both you and
Michael can't eat
I know yeah we're in the car head inside
and out fun and Hayes on like so long
great us about type of coffee for
Nationals I know that it starts with
coffee their way out yeah okay yeah like
I just know I hadn't I have never had a
super yeah I did and you didn't get a
chai latte
oh I have chai lattes now Jane I never
had that in crazy I am John Cena bumping
up now person Italy how much time Barry
consumed a copy how to do that very like
others I repeat whether they're oh hi
Oh Ricky I have a tiny room I do like
the Starbucks one maybe a law and likely
also really like the one they do a
powerful bakery which is a little bakery
in right and that's really good it's
quite Christmasy though I feel like it's
quite likely to come to me winter
always my favorite section because at
Neapolitan cake
oh my I'm going to have to happy to that
our passion fruit and white chocolate oh
my god there's too much choice line art
a well you get really regular a regular
non Christmas Asian well have you gone
for hours around a lot able single shop
oh I they normally double then I haven't
eaten yeah I know I'll be shaken I don't
know some places do double yeah so
you're not only a shaken afterwards the
second does this seem not double why
just don't choose actor why whose job or
when I was right
felt something in my shoes it was there
like look at the Cybermen or you put all
this evil just wanted to show you it
goes hairy motive might be found in
worship it was like crawling down that
that back set my first reaction of this
cake because it is so robust Oman that
you can do it I know you forgot God
there's about I wonder what that feels I
feel like case I'd have all the flavor
that one's good that's right sir no I
can't it all in my mouth good is around
we finished lunch now we're just going
for a little stroll
up up to the town how is that What did
he say I really love oh I forgot that
this Hill was quite so steep it'll be
even steeper after you've had lunch
you're in Jessica the earring holder oh
my oh
I mean pretty topical okay did you like
your lunch my lunch was really good
really big did you like it on yeah I
love that song
that is verified they're not quite
formal did you have a family yes you
don't there's like a weird truck over
there and weird line
heading back now we just went into a
little shop called from Victoria shop
and studio which is in needle makers
studio yard what were they called needle
makers it is the needle makers so if
you're ever in Lewis go into my shop
because it's like we're a large heaven
yes it is not other little shops in
there and there's also a little cafe but
the shop from Victoria just had like the
best selection of like beautifully
illustrated card and house plan and like
wrapping paper i baby teachers went card
crazy people always mean cards so you
may go stock up if you sees a nice one
and I also bought a fart let me see if I
can show you Newark it's so cute she
said that the little needles tend to
drop off quite a lot but when they do is
have to pick them up and pop them back
in like into the middle and then now we
grow which I thought the kind of cool
I've never owned one of these before
they're hoping it's fairly like so
maintenance but we shall pick mine up my
future Oh your mother if you wanna get
with me better make it bad this is Jay
Park West Bay Spice Girls program
and as a birthday guys if you know about
the puzzle then you know but it's
finally had it my trusty basil but I
took from the old house just gave up in
the end I bought a new one already but I
thought about a vlog and say goodbye to
this one because it did us really well
for such a long time it's all just take
a moment
ah I should put it in the compost
actually shouldn't I ok let's get rid of
plastic pot and I'm going to go and put
this in the compost I also have the
rosemary that has seen better days also
ok so well my basil you served me well
for so long sorry I couldn't keep you
alive in the end I think the heat of the
kitchen eventually took its toll but I
mean I feel like I did a very good job
of keeping it alive on those
exceptionally hot days at the start of
summer but I think it just killed off
like the leaves were never the same like
they kept growing out yellow and I was
like I'm just not sure about this
anymore so yeah my basil so I thought it
would be nice since Jays here
and we haven't really like sat down and
done like a proper video it's a really
long time not that that original video
with a proper video but because Jay is
like a friend of mine before YouTube I
haven't really ever done like a Q&A with
an OG friend do you know what I mean
like like a pre Zarrella friend I see
you met me when I was doing YouTube yeah
but it was like early days of YouTube so
I went on Twitter and I asked you guys
since very rocky I asked you guys if you
had any questions do you ever wonder how
like this is my job look at me right now
I'm like balancing this on a fricking
candle that's my first question to you
do you feel like I'm good at what I do
under accident yes because it's like
anything when I started my job I had
someone there that trained me and taught
me how to do things and kind of showed
me the way and because you're like one
of the first people to have it in such a
yeah video way that I have a lot of
admiration for the fact that you
wouldn't find it had anyone to go to
being like oh this happened but I don't
know how to act
ya know what I've done it so I would say
I think you're very good at what you do
and I have a lot that where I should
really take the different reason for
delay I think yeah great tonight I feel
like the first question to answer would
be how did we meet and when did we meet
okay no we're okay it must be a way of
working out I will really good me became
friend we met in new look so we both
work in new look in our little town
which Nina Russell is very known January
2011 whoa so 2011 and we would have kind
of been friends before this because no
one ever goes hey nice to meet you what
famous you were in sixth form yeah I was
at school and I was 20 oh my god can you
send that to me so I can put it in this
video I'm going to insert the picture
that no you showed me it is crazy I feel
like we just became instantly became
friends yeah I think it was kind of we
were forced together in the sense of
working together and used to work in the
fitting room yeah I would in the fitting
room and I wasn't allowed to watch in
the pit rings it was a girl she'll finds
to come in and take the clothes they put
like out the people than buy and we
stand and they would like this one like
our own bosses might watch this and be
like oh I'm terrible
so there used to be like this little
blind spot you remember it well there
are no cameras in this thing anyway
there was no cameras in the sitting room
but if you lingered for the people doing
the taking the clothes out and taking
them back out to storage little good
clear I'll oh my god oh my god so you're
okay right really are and then it was
not in the
oh my god and if you lingered in there
they would come in and tell you often
tell you to get out that was really
something blonde stop chatting but
there's just one little bit where you
could come in and if you just go a
little bit to the left
you could we can stand and chat by that
rail they couldn't walk past and like
see in so that's when we used to chat so
I photographed since I did which is what
the one thing that always manages to
come up in conversation what that mean
you have I think food yeah I think maybe
like old times
we would've thought about the people we
used to know that we work for there as
well because neither about the really
Brendan like in the way that we're
friends we're not really friends with it
that we work with so kind of talking
about the people and one bit yeah I feel
like we have a good balance of talking
about old times but also we always talk
about like current unlike future things
are going to be happening and for me
going away and you think you're doing
yeah someone said this is the day I
wanted to ask you how do you feel about
what Zoe does for a living did you get
effort or did it take some time well
when we first met it wasn't really quite
a thing and also I didn't feel like I
need to like tell him what I was doing
because what I was doing was working in
new lips like yeah but then YouTube
wasn't my job in fact you remember a
conversation I had with me was when we
left new look and it was about whether I
should do it full-time
yeah because I worked out in my head how
much I can make if I just carried on
blogging and doing the videos yeah and I
remember telling you and there's some
other people around and they were I
don't think they were as keen but you
were like yeah I think the thing there
wasn't really I didn't know I never
would have suffered a judgment on what
anyone did so if you just be like oh I
blog on the side and I make videos I
just thought it was cool because it's
not something I've come across before
and now for it's turned into I think
it's just I don't know
because but it always with what she's
always done so it's not through even
though the size of it has grown it's
what you've always done so I don't fear
is strange it's not like I'm seeing a
brand and for the first time ever there
video and while I'm around we're talking
about the YouTube based stuff is kind of
always been the case
yeah okay so I don't know what the other
side is is kind of I don't really think
anything of it in the nicest way
possible
yeah I think it's good that you don't
think about it in that way because it's
what I do it's not who I am so
completely the teams and people kind of
find it odd if we're out and people stop
Zoe I just kind of like out for today I
just care about looking around the shop
or you guys went out to Kabuto and
because that's not who she is to me bye
and playing with it being who she is to
someone else hmm she's doing well for
the first of the select weeks I've had
it in the same way that when I've met
people are youtubers through you and
I've kind of haven't been started
everything that sounded like odds being
like I kind of I already know this truck
is and they're like introducing
themselves to me so yeah I think it
mixture of things what parts of what I
do it is not like my question thank you
pop it up well part of what I do do you
think that would be cool and what other
parts of what I do do you think I could
never I could never deal with that or I
could never cope with that I think
they're the variety of things you get to
do like now obviously the other point
where you just made videos even though a
different subject it was a very kind of
linear thing I think the variety of what
you get to what I do is I'd have a kind
of what would be an office job so I do
these are like all cheering yeah I go to
work every day in the same place at my
desk all day I love what I do so it get
me wrong but I think that the variety
might be quite nice I think the I think
being able to understand what people
find interesting is probably really hard
and the amount of things that when you
know like I take photographs or places
like you're traveling and people like
what
means you do that and I kind of there I
can't explain why I did it I just go
over the nice picture I'm interested to
go there trying to understand content
and know what people want to see when
it's such a normal things of you I think
would be quite hard I think it's quite a
lot of pressures on like I kind of go to
my job I go home I agree yeah I think I
even have become appreciative of like
quiet like oh so quiet you ladies like
some amazing things but I don't know my
private life yeah you don't really have
that if you evolve
I do like so so we're going to listen to
me one sec is that anything people don't
know about you and I was like no I
departed to be like you know positive
you're like things that have happened to
you before you started doing this you
deserve degree than you want exactly but
I don't think apart from that there
would become very open it's probably one
of my downfalls but also one of my like
also cause when it's like it's like your
weakness and your strength like being a
very open person was there ever a moment
in your friendships where you thought
you would fall out oh god no not at all
no I think how I've never follow that I
think we're just two very laid-back
people I mean in parts of my life are
very uptight about that thing but I
think when times friendship and the kind
of friendship we have because there's
been period there was a period at one
time between the buried this one going
where we didn't see each other provide
two years because I emigrated and moved
away I made moved at the UK and it was
when you first moved to Brighton and
your shop really start kpop so there's
like a two-year period but it always
build very I said no it's kind of very
pick up where we left off yeah it's like
I don't know I fell it with some
friendships the silence is a bit
unnerving and you just start thinking
how I'm saying wrong do you think that
they had you know what I mean like I
feel like with you I never feel like
that that's nice I'm glad I think it's
kind of like a real mutual understanding
of life happens with both busy yeah
that's that and I think a lot of people
get 10
they haven't texted me back and we
haven't seen her this long or they've
cancelled or I think this kind of
maturity in growing up has been you have
like oh she's really busy time away or
I'm busy at home whatever it's just kind
of when it happens it happens and I
think there's no expectation mm-hmm
oh it's kind of what we have answered
but is that how did your friendships
begin and how have you kept it alive all
this time
in a nutshell what's the secret to a
healthy and long friendship I think what
you decide like no expectation and just
being like killed that happens it
happens it doesn't it doesn't and there
was the intention that I mean obviously
if you have that brand and it kind of is
a classic grown-up thing of like you've
learned about the people that are
bringing things to your life as a brand
and you're making more ecwid I think
that if they're not they're not and then
you just move on if they are yeah
my mum always says some friends of her
season some friends for a reason and
some friends of her life paralyzed for a
lifetime and what would you do if you
were Jay for a day and the other way
around if I were you I would a hundred
percent travel somewhere and not have to
worry about it at all like I say she was
give you the freedom to to go ever I
wanted and not any like negative
thoughts about it
I love speaking to Jay about travel
because he finds it so easy to do it's
like going to a coffee shop and buying a
coffee literally that chilled out and I
just like I'm so like it all of that
like I only I could feel like that just
be like that's just having a
shower and get on the plane it's like no
video that I would definitely do that by
with you for the day I don't know I
think I'd probably hang out with your
friends my YouTube like my not
explicitly your YouTube friends I think
because if you have this real answer
think of everyone being in the same boat
most of your friends and this is gonna
sound a bit like Wow ambulance for me I
don't where I live in London I don't
have his two friends in London I think
that being around away people that do
the same thing as you you have the same
like you have this kind of unspoken bond
of what you do and I think having those
relationships is really nice I think I
will be happy to present good luck
trying to get everyone together for a
day okay I want to do something with my
is there anything that Jay knows about
Zoe wish you is don't ya know anything
absolutely
it looks like I should change into Nala
I want you did you are someone said
what's the best for funniest memory you
have together one of my favorites is
actually last time my mouth like just
mean you went into town yeah we went
into a shop and the owner of the shop
with talking to some Americans like an
American family maybe yeah maybe I'm not
sure and they the owner was like oh you
know zoella she do what was she saying
girl what girl she she's a vlogger and
she comes in here and this is her
favorite and like was telling them a me
and Jay were in the shop but the lady
hadn't thought that we were there yeah
and I kind of just froze and like
squeezed to Jane I can't handle how
awkward this because and other people
went that's why we're here because we
watch the weather and I was like this is
even a moment where someone goes oh that
one is right why they spot us and they
get really embarrassed and then in turn
we can be kind of hard to leave and I
did a little like shoot I cry later on
and I was like do you want to go and
you're like yeah and I kind of like
scoots at the shop we went down the
street I had like tears streaming down
my face like nothing happened before so
it's been like talking about me because
they don't know I'm there I can actually
hear everything they're doing yeah
really good one actually what are the
work I feel like every time we working
knew that something funny happened yeah
well what one thing that I ever go to
will have been to agree invited to would
you want to come with me to there gonna
be anything down to like the book
printers or like oh yeah I think the
creative aspect that would be really fun
so like I've been there when you try to
ask me yeah so I've been at home with
you when you've had like samples of the
new range come in and I kind of smell
them with you which is a very small part
of the process so I think that would be
really interested to you I don't think
like film premieres or anything like
that because I don't I never mean for
one to including Jim there was such a
like a such a concentrated period where
it was like the done thing for youtubers
to go to film permit yeah I just I don't
I didn't really enjoy premieres I think
again it was pretty much exactly this is
my point I just want to get a tango arts
class and sit in the dark
Oh guys yeah I just ended up without
being like what family do you face lose
my take on this are these folks alright
we have to be they'll be fine
describe each other in one word I would
say you in one word giving oh that's
really nice like you would give your
time to every single person and like you
give like I know you say to me that's
ready to be and you're kind findest I've
got a great personality
he's really nice I think sincere I'm
actually wait I think in the context of
what you do and he would say humble it's
been like asking how my work is like
over in the car they would be like our
house work it's such a normal thing and
it's not I don't expect you to ask me
normal things but when you there are a
lot of people that I think wouldn't do
that
mmm
that's a really fast right question well
which the other product do you like the
work
yeah Jerry some other product use my
promote what others they don't know if I
can name one she sees sound with a
vibrating no it's not because it's so
many but I don't do things like that I
don't watch those videos if there's
something that I think is interesting
and like I see a title or something like
oh is that is genuine it is of interest
to me but it's also because I didn't
want to turn up and go so oh yeah
yesterday look like you have fun and
then we have nothing to talk about
because I know Harrison is going on
rui-qing that annoy you
it is honestly and you actually wait
there's nothing that actually annoys me
but sometimes I just kind of go off
sorry
yeah and I was good idea if I'm gonna
say so I've seen you in a video talked
about it a play I'm so bad but does that
not make you feel better it's not just
you oh you have to do the and I've never
been like oh my god white roses in fact
it's just me anxiety
really I wouldn't say even annoying
noting that ton of to you box one of my
bad habits though I feel like I sing it
every every January first I'm like I'm
going to be so good and then I can never
do it I got to keep it up and then it
just bit fun I get hexed when I'm like
doing my most busy thing of the day I
swear that was really love what was that
I don't know but it was oh no it's a
woodpecker shot Ron door so it's true
right here it's like poking its little
head round my way oh my god he did I
just realized how many bees are in here
I think they're not I don't think
they're all visiting are oh my god
why then here that's where in exam is so
much open space other
why would you treat the committee have
you ever had negative comments about
being friends with someone of the
opposite sex
oh my god all the time I don't think
it's really applicable it doesn't really
doesn't like it doesn't affect me it
just I think I just feel more sorry like
more sad than like I do that that's not
still like a normal thing for us for
some people like I've always just been
such good friends with guys like so many
of my close friend the guys yeah that's
true but yeah I think it's kind of odd
that sometimes I mean that today some
people were commenting Schiffman or I am
some people commenting on the Instagram
posts of me and you on your account
somewhere else he was and why he wasn't
there and why we were hanging out when
you're like well first the Alfie was
there he was one that took into yours
and you can see is just kind of and I
get there Securi of the aspect of it but
I mean I don't know I think it also
probably helps that I'm gay I know I
just don't think people understand that
you can be gay or I get the other I know
that's more normal you to be friends
with gay guys run the next area easier
so we're addressed to by the Tetra
sexual because you'd be like it's fine
we've never been attracted to each other
and some of the questions have been like
a real advance in each other obviously
we can say things like as babies yeah no
I've never I'm sorry Jane I think it's
just the mentality and I think it might
be an age thing and that this is not I
don't want this to be patronizing cause
I always used to get frustrated with
people being like oh you young yeah
we're doing something I think it's the
kind of like when you're really young
you're like you boys yeah and for you
girls I think it's kind of it carried on
without be like that fight that's must
be a young like mentality yeah I think
it's oh yeah I think there's a lot also
it just worries me that these people
have less trust in our in my rapid
relationships and like actually it's
also just really funny of
okay oh my god you cheating on here but
I'm like her no no all right no really I
used to see my grandmother do this
get back you cleaner I need to set them
all up there works really well could
there be
we can cut them up the vacuum they let
them out if you really want to do that
you are babban well I know but what you
can do see here Dyson container in the
garden Lois they the bees they're like
worker bees the pissed-off worker bees
what's the thing you miss about the old
days I just I think it's not answered
about the old days of our friendship so
much has changed the decline of this
fantasy of being young and itself when
such an abandoned we are like nothing to
worry about it oh yeah I don't want to
be kind of like mix where you make the
most of it because all I wanted to do
when I was going to grow up
meet Voyles was independent in my own
place and all I wanted was to be a mum
and be enhance family and and everything
else again I was just like whatever
everything else kind of comes along with
it don't wish you times don't wish your
life away I know you wish and I sweat on
a small scale of like my next trip is
booked in X amount of weeks I want to go
now I think you're excited yeah like I
kind of do that recruitment like
Christmas open and then it's January and
like screw this year I just need to be
critical to get through you guys where
do you see a vice friendship and ten
years plan so good job interview oh my
god it will be big but we'll have kids
we said actually the other day I was
excited about the thought of being able
to raise our children together like not
together a good hangout yeah oh my god
how nice would that be Oh Jay what's
your favorite food of the risotto cook
for you um I don't think she's actually
ever cook
look one thing you can come round and I
will cook okay
we finished filming our Q&A which is
like the longest Q&A ever I'm going to
take so long trying to edit that down we
just basically started and then we just
look through all our old facebook chat
and old text messages which was very
entertaining author another now I think
we're going to have sure you have a
little ice cream in for outside yeah
oh we've also got birthday cake flavored
fast have you tried one of those giant
white Magnum days that's Jay Jay was
like do you have a white magma that's
very specific I don't know but we do see
a Lebanese Lebanese Lebanese finish on
time this is the pastry by I'm currently
doing a pastry mother
did you wash your hands we thinking if
you won't be meeting severe fighting for
nut butter around this time in the
evening Nala likes to sit on this step
and she just watches the world it's so
cute
oh did you hear me this is what it's
looking like right now and I finished my
six layers dad look I get this looks
well done
gimme some this was mostly you so I
layered some pastry and Alfie strange
some spinach okay I feel like you need
to do the first life presser I know the
bus is moving Hollis oh my the first
card is the heart it might pick makes so
much more sense to cut it before doesn't
it Vijaya now yeah it sounds like it's
like can you hear it boiling oh my gosh
wow it looks amazing and then we've got
some quinoa - master - good night an
Elsi site or in Berlin three made in the
market to be fair it's all about the pie
holy crap that looks so good Wow
mmm thank you so much Jay
