good morning everybody it is Wednesday
today it's been a whole week since the
pop-up shops been open how crazy is that
it's gone so quickly I've just brushed
my teeth so I feel like damn it
don't drink orange juice after you brush
your teeth tastes like poo last night I
had mark faris
come and stay didn't I I said I had you
to come and stay last night
I think he's gargling he's gargling the
mouthwash because I hadn't seen him in
so long he went on a cruise and so we
had a really nice evening last night
really face masks we watched the
bake-off bake-off started yesterday do
you know what guys
initial thoughts on the bake-off I still
really like it like I just think it's
gonna be very difficult to make me hate
it because I love the whole concept of
the show
I do miss Mary Barry Mel and Sue I'm not
gonna lie but I do feel like this still
has potential to be as good as it was so
if any of you didn't watch it for that
very reason because you were too scared
about whether or not it would be good or
not I still like it it still gives me
the cozy vibes it still makes me really
excited it still makes me wanna bake and
I think alongside the dynamic of Mary
malsu and Paul I do think that's one of
the main main reasons that I love the
show is because it's so cozy it's so
nice to watch and it makes me want to
bake and I love bacon so yes Bake Off
still love it still love it oh you got
mark didn't watch love island so he
hasn't no idea what I'm doing why miss
love island so our plan today is to go
to our favorite garden center which we
haven't been to in a really long time
because it feels so Tom know today I'm
loving it it was so hot and muggy
yesterday I was sweating in areas I
didn't know you could sweat and I had
multiple showers and today I woke up and
it's so much cooler and I'm loving it
feels like autumn I've got a very
autumnal
Perron this is from Zara I absolutely
love it you know the jumper I had on
before with all the like multicolored
pom-poms this is basically the same
thing but it's navy with furry pom-poms
instead of like material pom-poms and
the pom-poms are a little bit more
subdued so yes this is from Zara and
what else am I wearing let me show you
I'm pointing like this to make it focus
I just realized I don't the only problem
with this jumper is it's really big
or maybe I should just leave it out
maybe I shouldn't tuck it in oh it's
like doing a little shoulder thing I
don't know what do you think should i
tuck it hmm
jeans are from ASOS they're like mom
jeans little black socks from Primark
and I've just got like a stripey cami
underneath to keep me warm I've been
rambling on for five minutes already so
I should probably stop now Oh
oh my god
Oh
oh my god
are you ready
oh oh and you can you find case front I
oh my god they're life-sized they taste
a Oh
the out date
like they still got that help of their
house on them your best scream
mine's more like a stock footage scream
yeah yeah
thanks for your time of time Eric
um come oh wait can i sorry what did you
just say Oh No
why are you pointing out the sticker on
the car man conservatory house that's
right I won't take him
bacon would you want thicker no more
shocked remark I'm so excited to get
watch them candles I hope they have some
time after that okay
hey Beth if not Peter yeah yeah Oh
everyone's staring at a smile camera oh
my god what is this guys it's 2017
everyone vlog you don't log in you need
to stop angry as they become an heir
look they have these montz terrors are
they real yeah Wow
isn't it cool at only 35 pounds that's
really good what you water them with
water just like every couple of days
every week depending on what your
environments like be honest unless
Mahler balcony
oye it's very busy
got to get him away from the fragrance
oh my gosh mark Christmas
festive June bringing all to all whose
near oh great festive cheer time at
night what do you think in don't know
Merry Christmas Oh Larry's man no I feel
about that it's not as strong as I'd
like it to be christop spice oh that's
quite nice that's nice a bit churchy
unfaithful Oh anything judged by the
local dog I quite like that one let's
look for the Yankees where all the young
keys you found design on SMO good Oh God
it's not my favorite
guys look it's all been cleared out was
it being cleared out eyes this is an
absolute bargain from nothing to $2.99
about some Dorset normal something about
this tin I love a slight something you
put your fairy lights in yeah it's just
very festive isn't it maybe it's just
because it's the only Christmas you
think Mike marks with me actually like a
little like a lost child looking for a
cave
there's no taste like everyone has come
here for lunch today and it's very very
busy oh that was our pieces we bought a
pizza off a
yeah
I think with some of the youngest ones
my favorite pizza
I wish I could learn how to make these
they're like the keys
I think you need a fire up and a
yeah
one of those I like the olive oil
and if it parmesan round the press which
I always see what I make beat she's
gonna hate
anyway my voice
oh it's me a mom
it was quite dry today oh it's a bit he
said someone else has made these today
there's no parmesan on the crust
we've had some pizzas drama
do not feed to wrap your life it looks
pretty dry I was different and it
doesn't have cheese on it and every time
we normally come they put cheese on it
yeah and then Mark was like trying to
eat it and be polite and I was like you
need to take like you like take it back
so parody you have to ask for cheese on
your pizza
have cheese on that so now they've put
cheated on it I mean come on he likes to
drive to our now yes all right
it looks like they've just put in a
microwave be bringing the oven burner Oh
God my gift they got the parmesan mark
for the parmesan but it's good it's
coming it's cheesy
one of those days we need to come on a
quiet day there's no gettin right yes
ma'am
someone doesn't want to get his hair we
finished our pizza now we're gonna head
into hobby crafts where is it a little
pumpkin decoration polystyrene that's
quite a good idea I mean I still prefer
to carve a big old real pumpkin myself
Mark's having a field day with these
great he's gonna make show I like it
yeah
rainy wouldn't steal it like that right
let me just look at home line
even that looks good yeah I like that I
think you should get four I don't think
you need more than four No
see now you've ruined it you ain't
carried away you want something no I'm
good thanks for great thank you no I
think like that is perfect yes then that
will hey what we don't want to say you
don't know how long I've been looking
today's you can buy them on eBay but you
can't go collecting I'm not doing that
look
DeBakey always fine if a teddy cake this
impressive isn't it isn't tape yeah guys
I found the freaking Halloween section
oh my God look at the massive googly
eyes oh my god getting some of those on
the front of your car or on the front
door it's a foam pick even are these but
I love them but else have we got
oh there's so many great things look at
this mark look at the tinsel I could
decorate a little tree in Halloween yeah
I like that
I'm getting carried away already yeah
come on if you go around
it's quite good huh yeah I mean I don't
like a coaster it's all that spell
article I like these
how did you feel about that little
shopping hobby craft surprising
unpredictable unsuccessful away from
this massive home sense so we're just
gonna go yeah I can put stuff on my new
shelf oh I reckon there go down for a
little bit more than eight pound age oh
yeah but they're probably come already
painted my friends is my favorite place
in the whole world
HomeSense next to John Lewis it's
looking like autumn was so much good cuz
they got crates pillow tonight yeah
they're lovely they're very autumnal I'm
gonna get this throw because that is
autumn in a throw that is why what we
need we need a trolley
oh yeah bath yeah Charlie toilet yeah
get Ron troll
tralala this already look do you need
that I feel like you do need that for
sure feel a little bit like this is the
pointless stuff Isle the pointless crap
like this like what a diamante crocodile
I love ya mr. pom-poms really pumped you
metric Marx lamp shopping oh we're gonna
love that cookie jar so cool yeah
do you don't think that's quite cool
though Oh a sunbae mark set the thing
off
no I said there's me and Alfie chilly
that's nice part guys it is officially
autumn la well it's not officially
autumn yet but it may as well be now he
will kill me if I buy too many so I'm
just gonna stick to two I've also picked
up this Halloween one all that did not
sound good
mark oh good you're here actually
Halloween dream now it will make sense
now seeing the Cameron around or can you
hear them picking up the pieces still
term exploded everywhere I still really
like pillar this one yeah it's nice
I'm just not sure about the silver
button I wish it didn't have a silver
button on earth I've met some lovely
viewers what were your names again
Arabella and Eden hi you having a nice
day mark I've lost mark in HomeSense
he's gone he's gone well thank you so
much for saying hi hey I think we're
done that's heavier than I thought
look at this oh my god this is a lot
higher
see ya now we've got to try and get it
all in I can have this on my lap are you
sure let's get this think this is
getting wet you can sit on that oh why
did we come shopping with the bloody
mini that's for me right let's go
I'm officially ready I've got my bloody
I bought myself a holiday but I'm so
ready when you go away you're like a
bloody unstoppable force these days
don't you think I've been quite good
recently
oh my god yeah
the holiday flight is always the one
that's the hardest coming yeah I don't
know why I think with you as well like
you do give yourself credit when it's
June as well I love that I think also
it's easier to do that because I know
when I've been so bad exactly my
therapist told me to give myself a pat
on the back when I deserve it because
otherwise you'll never have that same
feeling of like a quite done yeah
there's also really nice what other
people recognize it as well it whenever
you're like feel like when our fee is
like how good you're doing when I get
the day muddy Texas any attacks you
can't believe it as I share they learned
by going to the comments I know that's
why I kept thinking I was just like
you're walking around Carnaby I say she
can't obey no but you said you did you
equal tapping yourself on the back every
day but I don't think I've ever
witnessed and biggest one only that I
think there was only twice like where
you felt a bit anxious
one of the times was we when it was just
before I got pooed on you're feeling a
bit easier uneasy in the calf
yeah I was really loved that day and
then it was literally like the 10 15 20
minutes before we went to Edinburgh and
those are the only time
no I did a white day yeah yeah yeah I
could be like Oh shoes
we sounded exceeded what it's all about
if I decorate my bedroom now
I get your old Apache now honesty's
maybe you should do the video where we
shave our eyebrows on them and this
experiment with fuzzy fell eyebrows how
about we just like cover them and put
your ball caps okay
I don't spin every day
this way it's the red lights I hate it
as I staring into the camera I play
broadchurch but you just drive
do opening you fell backwards on bass
effect on the chicken you're right
how'd you do that myself
Troy taken our outside you've got ab c--
so because she refused to go into the
rain unless I did so let's take her out
there now mark faris yeah how do you
feel about company yeah
and my custard cream digestives is
marshmallow so you melted up
marshmallows in between two digestive oh
yeah Oh human know they really people
never eat humans take it oh just if try
to pink or way pop it on pop maybe you
pop that one after you've milk to that
actually now you take this down to the
microwave are you ready for this so
these are big old manners as well a big
bowl is okay behind okay what mug would
you like mark what mug muggins uh wizard
one please the wizard this one you know
what I'm gonna have this one hello
little autumn one I know I mean if they
don't already feel like most people who
watch this channel know that I'm a bit
crazy already
do you know what
were involved and it was raining it was
your dad's birthday come on have a copy
educated
in the bulk of us done thought was no
right so what we doing sorry we're in
the basement we've got the marshal all
that I've never done it with a
marshmallow this big before it'd be fine
sure okay open it yeah one at a time
yeah yeah let's just see if this one so
I'm gonna put it on pal 104 like ten
seconds
like it just exploded everywhere linear
tower in tower of marshmallow ok another
10 seconds can you see that my god yeah
this life lubba lubba dub a ding dong oh
my god is that once a man a ma mine just
did not like the microwave okay that's
fine yeah there we go
just try it okay I think we need a
bigger gesture
delicious though
delicious delicious delicious delicious
delicious say wow we're gonna do a
cheeky little insta live oh no no hi
she's waking up
it's so cozy in here with the fire on
are you I'm so toasty but then it does
take me a lot to get tea hot as mad
should we do anything with it what are
the first times moving out oh yeah and
you're like a toothless - should I come
round your side
he's like with that we're standing at
bar okay hmm all right we're going live
relay oh you and I might represent in
the news
we're guys you want to say hello to my
vlog hello
Sophie says hi AXI hi Rosie hi what does
top live made I I don't know does that
mean you're the most live one on you
know when you go on up onto the explore
page you should I check my phone okay so
for the first time this year
what mid lot but Midler we are watching
oh hi Chris bacon oh my god I feel so
old tunnel fires on Christmas jumpers on
Christmas I've got me Christmas trousers
on that kind of autumn e it's like a
thorn
got me blanket oh my god I'm so freakin
happy for oh no it's not tomorrow
Friday's first september little bit this
probably go up watching hocus pocus
snuggled up on us so far this is the
first time this year I've watched this
this was actually on TV not long ago and
I refused to watch it because it was too
early it looks like but now it's on oh
don't doesn't sister Emily Emily I did
know I fancied um the main guy my fancy
Binks Zachary Zachary Zachary I'm also
fancied the guy was named I forgot NER
yes is he cool Josh hey no he's cool
this is a watching it now lighter is
actually more attractive than Zachary
was he called
max max max Tennyson max dancing boy
it's so funny watch this little extra
here he comes look at this dog she just
rolled over onto her back oh he's
leaving me and the film hasn't even
finished yeah who does that who even
does that edit blog photo later then oh
my god I'm not gonna see you until I get
back off my holiday probably oh no I'm
seeing you next week my thing on Monday
yeah so on Monday
do you remember the zoella apartment
well there's gonna be another of those
it's called zoella swinter wonderland so
we're gonna just pop down to that get
some pics I'll vlog it for you so you
guys can see it I have no idea what its
gonna look like apparently I'm not
allowed to know because it's gonna be a
surprise that sounds like a good
surprise anyway marks leaving so I'm
probably just gonna end the vlog here
would you like to help end my vlog are
you looking for something yeah you like
challenges we've done that before anyway
thank you guys so much for watching this
vlog give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed
it if it made you smile if it made you
laugh if it made you feel anything and
hatred annoying sad I don't know
anything at all joyous these three
emotions and in the comments
yeah leave three emotions you felt
during this vlog that would be great
and subscribe to this channel if you
haven't already and I hope that this
video has made you feel a little bit
autumnal a little bit festive cozy what
else
excited yeah confused why confused
because we're crazy and keen beam beam
beam beams
thank you so much for watching guys I
think you very soon
