good morning everybody it's Saturday is
the freakin weekend myself and Alfie
I've just been making breakfast and I
thought I might book today because you
don't have too much planned but enough
that it's like a cosy day that I want to
film so we just made breakfast Alfie has
gone for scrambled egg whites on bagels
mine is a little bit more crazy because
I'm just so crazy aren't I ow
this probably so I did boiled eggs but
not enough that they were like hard and
then took the eggshell off which saying
that puppy showed me how to do there you
go in cold water bagels
some torn up Basil's and paprika some
sesame seeds some salt and peppers and
tomatoes and yeah that is my breakfast I
think that looks delicious
ready or look at that that is perfect
should I do this one as well or that
it's like remember that MLS advert oh
that egg is done perfectly that is how I
like it anyway that is my breakfast for
this morning on there Alfie's you can
have anything on your table mustard
ketchup brown sauce a little coffee and
it's a nice day today
well so far and we've got buddy as well
not around but where are they cookies
aha you need to sleep in the Sun would
you tell you doing oh hello welcome to
backyard forge camp
yeah we're now cleaning out the fridge
the back you're on a fish because that's
how we like to roll on the weekend okay
I think that's better that's definitely
better for yes yeah I mean if it was one
is what Nala does every time I do my
hair she curled up on my leg and it's
always on this leg
he said tonight to each other you can't
fit on here - buzzing
you gonna try dogs behind me he's
sleeping
he just wait yoga not that I like it I
turned the hairdryer on
let me
it's okay buzzy
if stop now is stop now I'll blow dry my
hair and I've just like scraped it back
but I do want to curl it when we get
back and I put a little bit of makeup on
we're heading out to the shops
this one won't move come on let's go we
need to take some plastic bags because
we can do self-check self-service things
I get way too excited about that little
self scanner room look we've had our
stairs painted into the basement I don't
know if I can walk on them or god that's
where the bags are that looks wet if you
ask me oh well I know is it shiny or wet
oh it's a bit like tacky Oh God maybe I
should leave it the stairs still feel a
bit tacky but I don't know if I just
walk very lightly I can get the bags
what do you think yes going on yeah but
look at it there only need to let me
fear that I know I did but it just feels
a bit like tacky yes one oh yeah okay
mmm those find yourself and you just put
shuffle on them put me a little feet
there we go sorry actually and it got
great on them awesome thing so did you
see my separate please he was at that
line I am now waiting for Alfie in the
CAF he's gone to try and find his hair
gel with keys you can sign them so I've
got mines okay the reunites day today
although I don't trust these clouds they
look a bit cloudy
Wow I just
the I didn't actually really have any
plans this weekend which is so nice
because normally my weekends are like
full or we've got like alphas on the
freakin trampoline is he serious right
now he knows I'm going from the car and
he's on the trampoline but so oh here he
bloody comes
scary
what's up but just that way of you and I
can see you on your bloody trampoline
you my morning back there
I wanna God this rock sack sold out
limited edition all gone
it is the guy yeah really like two hours
or something that's so good I really
like them did you take me one I actually
have all the fight to the house that's
good right order them myself like I'm
joking
yeah you think s arm for you to Saudi
during no this is like this is one but
there was only a limited amount so
either by 5 I mean it's a pets at home
first
should we need to get some cool - the
person we always end up looking at
animals or all thank you
I found something I want to get Nala and
how he's going to hate it
where is he oh no cool
see like that what are you so I like it
no no I mean I think she loved X it's so
soft
yeah
and I'll cease Sellner walking past the
Tesco three recipe cards and has anyone
seen this advert because it annoys me
and algae so much okay so this adver she
cooked with that for her son who goes to
get his a level results yeah he's got
the envelope he's got the envelope and
she reads them and then the answer end
and every time I'm like did he get good
great
did he get did you get into uni like it
annoys me that D never said so if you
watch him oh yes I've done yes my work
in all acting is over the chesco
marketing I don't want to know can you
let me know if that boy we got in or not
I mean he got his burger they like you
or did he get in that's the question how
he's helping to pick a separate doctor
everything's mouth as the strongest
thing I've ever smell that's not me
though I like that please fast lemon Oh
should we go for that one
anyway in a second
sorry did you like that one yeah in a
small dose not like mine like a
container Oh eyes a big old receipt
muscle it oh my god another one the
whole sweet click come on let's go
get out of here let's get out and watch
that game look for him in that we've got
everything okay
fabulous what a shot
high-five that's a low five oh yeah
I'm not way back at you am i busy
consider you should talk today yeah but
it listen we thought it was going to be
really really busy but every thing it's
just this such as where they belong
almost in time yes I said we're shopping
whatever selfie day
okay after you do that fuzzy you come up
this way
I bought Nana a pizza Buzz's have it in
his mouth
it's a shame you cut out the wrong way
mate I wish I'd have thought - we should
have bought them a piece size of feet
three pets at home we are heading off to
Dave's land Oh David don't they yeah if
you watch our Facebook see what I've
seen Dave quite well yes
Shirin an alpha to serve on project with
him Oh need to keep this door shut
sorry anyway yeah we're off today's plan
because he's having a little bit of a
shindig great why Oh goodbye look at him
with his pizza
Gupta always dropped it he's like what
you're leaving me your bozo goes what
did you say
yeah we're in me and poppy are in the
Range Rover can you put the postcode in
for me
Wow I feel like I'm getting it although
you know what you seem like you're
getting ill and then you're cycling ever
yeah yeah and touchwood I actually
haven't kind of spoiled or anything so
far this year I don't think you're fine
I'm totally fine I wasn't going to come
and then I was like no if I don't go
then I'm going to get else then you know
I go sighs then I might not get else
guys what happens if you or if they're
all tired yeah right my friend looks so
slapped so happy to like pick it up
great no yes I think we quickly yeah I
know
oh you put up do you got the chains on
if you'd like my favorite song right now
Rene is too full writer her arm itches
but I haven't looked at a whole album
but I thought what would a reason to
about okay with you you take that car
keys let's roll
oh sure bones posture what do you say
you have to leave them in the car no
stains no sausages know guys I've left
something I'm joking just remember that
film blow away okay if I like that you
go down to the roots to do this fun
stuff reminds me of ET you know into the
little hands come in and like pick up
the mmm everyone's grabbing food but
we've already eaten so we felt we would
go for a little stroll in the woods it's
so cool like I just don't think I could
be stressed here I don't know this feels
more as it discover where I used to live
it was like surrounded by woods so like
my childhood was spent like inwards in
fact one of my first like house parties
was actually in the woods opposite my
house we did a little fire and like got
a guitar out how lucky are we that we're
so close to this yeah it can live in
like a busy area yeah and also now yeah
that's the thing I love that you kind of
come here really easily that's what I
say is one of the reasons why I love
Brighton so much is that there's the sea
the city London's really close but you
also have like but it also clearing in
the woods had you said to poppy we can't
get lost
I will walk battery there's no phone
signal either so we can't ring someone
and be like hey we lost green hat
well you see oh my god I'm gonna con you
cow another continued cow oh you pal
that's like the first word I ever you
know that eleven hey you know it sounds
like no it did sound like someone is
like break I am leaving that is okay yes
thank you
that's why you dragged me out here into
the woods is a memory if you put it in I
swear I'm not going on holiday with you
you say no you complete it anything
light dark okay I've heard duck noise
over okay thank you
Oh milky sound really and it's not why
you shot there's a ladder dad you see it
I don't like that
I wonder what lives up there stop it
people are definitely looking eyes
thinking who are these girls are so
desperate to get on this phone Sonique
enough but Nick enough to try and find
service can you just hold this a second
I just need to stop my hair out tutorial
but now when it likes arms down and then
it just looks like you're a fabulous
lighting
you see someone playing on a piano yes
bass pianist
everything all right fades out I just
sound really Gary when it's in the woods
like a little bit like a tinkering piano
like oh isn't it scary I think we're
lost we see and I've got dungarees why
don't you go out here have your jack or
dungarees out actually food Wyatt would
you write Hungary's to the woods oh my
god no I think you should go for a way
out here if you do want one in a very
alive come with me okay I'll wait the
last what we're going to play Hungary's
I'm going to be you're gonna have to get
naked
I created absolutely make it all right
you can like hide behind here and you
should a little faith pop out actually
we'll do that yeah we got we've got a we
plan it's fine this walk was all worth
it papi got her far out and she's
planned away she should do another one
okay is every time you think I'm
stopping filming isn't it every time she
thinks I'm for the camera way he does
another little one
- thank you so much were they wrong
someone's logging this is stage you know
thing like you do a science project and
as one person degree music all the way
do it
oh yeah you call this guy again that was
stunning
thanks giving you life
alright don't give all the credit here
though he's working really hard for you
hello dreaming
they've taken the crazy one off of us
haha lucky we bought this for her from
pets at home early on it's like this Oh
careful it's this mint knitted hoodie
and it's so cute
thank you you look adorable I can't
handle it
mmm when you're is smell of honey right
go on then tell me where she wants to go
we just got back from days it was so
nice wasn't it it was so nice so Dave if
you're watching thank you so much for
having us it was so so lovely they were
music and fire and just really lovely
company and it was nice getting to chat
to people that I've never met before and
that I hadn't seen in a really long time
and we went on a little like nighttime
walk where we all like linked arms and
it was dark and we couldn't use torches
or our phones and yeah it was so cool I
saw a glow worm and you ever seen a
blower before or shooting stars glow
worms on fire yeah there was food and
drink and piano oh my god the piano yeah
it was so full of mourning as well yeah
Josh performed yeah it was really really
good I'm taking used to that quadruple
chocolate cookies no top of that not
double chocolate why not refill on
proper quadruple chocolate look at it
she's waiting for me you a king
nope oh oh she thinks you're down here
cooler again sometimes our hearing is a
bit off
 we'll call her and she doesn't know
where we are and then this way okay
fella upstairs she's a bit confused
nother flip yes yes what she doing
she'll follow me if I go up how all
money
banana come on good luck too bad since
she's looking for buzz poppy and Shawn
just dropped in quickly after we got
back and both followed them to the front
door and started like crying and he was
like and I think he wanted to go with
them so probably without ok we'll take
you for the night so copy ensuring I've
got both tonight which is funny although
it doesn't mean we're going to have a
little bit more of a lion need to wash
my makeup off Nullah I know oh my god I
think all that achieved our view is that
I shot you in your pan pixie and
Caroline Islands double cleanse you
decide oh my god
will it's really like grab a thing
now I'm using the osteo renewables
pending yo couple of pumps are back
clean
got me water and lights are angling and
happy Sunday to you all you ready to go
outside go and then be free oh my god
it's such a lovely Danny I'm actually
wearing a Christmas pajama top it was
the only one I could find that wasn't
like really big because it gets really
warm in the night can't see anything but
it's lovely
right I'm going to go get my breakfast
and then I'm going to come and sit
outside
hope you are here now and I've just got
ready I've been editing my video that
went up with Joe pretty much all day my
hair has been up in a really messy burn
so I just took it out and hair sprayed
it which I'm not sure if this looks okay
without a flaw I take my hairband just
in case but yeah if you like my jacket
oh my god yeah the misguided Barbie one
how can I put this so listen you can
pretty much see you right she's ready
for a roast dinner yeah me too let's go
you're not coming
sorry neither sorry Nana not today we've
literally been in a class for four
minutes and I feel travel sick I just
can't look down at all when I'm in a car
I never used to get this travel sick but
as an adult I can really travel sick
doesn't make any sense I think that's
one of the things I'm the most jealous
of other people about if you don't get
travel sick and you can send Reid at uni
people that can read a book and not get
travel sex I hate going on I can't even
look was never real I think I would like
to fight if I had three wishes I would
wish that I never got travel sick I
would wish that I'd Scottish accent yes
and I would wear actually I should not
like it's the best accent and what would
be my last wish or alleged amount
I'd wish to end poverty yes okay but I'm
talking about like oh yeah plasma which
is right good Mouse I would wish my
anxiety would go away everyone I mean
that is going away I'm working on it but
if it was just that simple ways not only
nothing is that simple
anyway we're here now oh it's cute you
go papi oh no I don't like it either
this because it is so cute in here and
it's got great music great vibe I just
said - probably
if something's there comments is going
to be epic and the reason I know they
decorated Christmas is because there's
loads of nails out of here
what if people have nails that's where
you know they hang like delights and Ivy
and stuff yet okay
you know what you're going for what go
tomorrow
it's just that calamari I'm doing a
roast dinner and I'm so gay oh yeah but
naughty pie sounds great you know what
you're getting part I'm going nuts
oh you are many soldiers I know I love
it but look with garlic and cheese puff
pastry soldiers already Gordon I want
beer maybe you should get it as a
starter just to see your dad yeah I'll
put you go boss I'm gonna go
he hasn't even decided on a drink yeah
just I found a problem I
I'm going to go calamari I'm going on
over there I'm a chicken roast to a
chair calamari you know we are going to
be so full I have all the fish breakfast
I think we should see today as we're not
going to finishing things but at least
we get to taste a lot of things yeah
like a taste mint taste the menu yeah
you can wait it has a chicken
you just I'm never going to be able to
eat half chicken I'll try those I'll
give it my - yup all that probably days
you're like a different woman in this
blog ain't talking about pull back and
can I tell them what you did you know
they are not that's the one Hopi desert
this one puppy does their own shadow and
it's like 10 facts about me
story story time with Poppy Day Thursday
it kind of sounds like she did something
weird in the West Bay wasn't weird she
didn't go for it
what just be real with the audience tell
everyone you are everyon or say Clara
thanks jargon oh all I'm going to say is
don't get too close to that strap it
will come on bear has arrived this look
incredible
and then just again project how cool is
that pop you're going to go for it yeah
you need to that smells good too
a lot of your teeth look like
then you dip it in that part
YUM Marvel's dinner ban is immoral I
guess we've got green and cauliflower as
well yes we've made sorry we missed the
courtyard because it's really hard
you're enjoying yourself
on the happiness League / as a bar yeah
go on
of the brownness we decided to get three
chairs from this my brownies don't come
to ice cream I came what's the thing in
my face cos Hall not really me you sure
you look at it like that sausage in
their garden center the other day Oh
your mouth make sure you gonna make that
joke if it is hot LaShawn faces right
now gone pop run a bar for and that's
not very good are the rest of that one
it good Sean go for the pan off me you
know you won't stay
that's a pretty polite a little sliver
how is that those are your job to do
that one the crumble okay
the new kid about Markland on the sample
I can see how we recite I said let me go
no probably is it good no mere employers
I don't think I know anybody goes up
with you just want me to ask you sad
music it's not crumble a good solid like
tennis and grumble which is your
favorite dessert you okay
what you remembered it's not appropriate
for the vlog Afghan poppy I've got the
giggles oh I'll be honest our I'll get
it on your CV
sorry disciplinary on their bedroom very
hard rubber thing oh boy we double
dipping the perfect an amazing ghost
rope oh that I'm need sleep
John we integrate that ro sky oh you
haven't got your seatbelt on it would
have been a Tennyson I really liked that
I thought it hit all the boxes
and it was really delicious and now
we're heading home oh that bogeys mouth
let's go I do you say your favorites
banoffee pie that was really good at
looking pretty good hey I really like
the crumble custard
ours and Johnson sons and heirs and sons
on this beautiful you're the voice of an
angel
let's go this one maybe that's for the
pinout oh let's not could have been out
there there's boring kickin poppy here
you know scandalous
yeah well much your shoes and stomped on
them what they're in real life now poppy
we're sitting creeping up on dogs
I like someone's hoovering their garden
I've knowed you said we're supposed to
be creeping on the dog dough you've got
the keys
oh yeah you all right thanks babe okay
oh yeah my baby I break it out they're
definitely going to be something oh I
paid
is currently what's happening oh my gosh
surely there's like no padding none
Shawn yours looks really messed it up I
think you need some oxygen
I'll get you out buddy okay
this is it it's my work Shawn Shawn
Holly if I was a sample would it go on a
find Buzz mission where do you think he
is definitely not bad
or just surprise you I dunno no bed you
can get up now
put it up good boy
what have you got you two are so cute
I'm going to go into a bath now
you have fun bye
I knew it I knew you'd follow me are you
going to sit with me while I have a bath
this way in here then
you
feeling fresh after my bar from now
chilling in bed I'm going to catch up on
some YouTube and I think I might get an
early night because I am crazy
it's called past 9:00 this is the time I
used to go to bed like I've got a
twitching eye can you see it can you see
it
I swear whenever you say to someone look
my eyes twitching it stops although it
hasn't stopped but I doubt you can see
it and a twitchy eye means you're tired
slow
I am tired oh I left my bottle of water
in bathroom
you hit my snoring he falls asleep with
his head up so he doesn't put his head
down he like resists falling asleep
here we go well anyway I really hope you
guys have enjoyed this weekend vlog I
have had a lovely weekend it's been
really nice just not having any plans
and seeing where the weekend
takes me doesn't really happen too often
but generally those are the weekends I
look forward to the most
which I guess doesn't really make sense
because for a lot of people having fun
plans for a weekend is more exciting but
our weekends are normally like fully
booked with fun things most of the time
but it is nice sometimes to think oh
we've got our completely free weekend we
can do whatever we want like on the day
like when we feel like it so yeah it's
been nice it's been relaxing I've got
lots done and I will see you very soon
for another vlog make sure if you
haven't already that you subscribe to
this channel I know that a lot of people
watching this have not subscribed
because YouTube tells me how many views
are subscribed as and how many views are
not and quite a lot of views I'm not
subscribed so if you have an account hit
subscribe press the thumbs up and turn
on your notifications I think it's like
a little bell so then it tells you every
time I upload a video so then you're
never going to miss one and I will see
you again very soon
