good morning everybody it's the freakin
weekend I'm just checking I can't see
you change it in the background no can't
see that it's Saturday I'm sick put you
here and just talk we have my mum my nan
and my granddad arriving any minute now
and I'll be not dressed
yeah this is what I'm wearing
got my little nineties top on that I
actually bought from Primark like a
while ago and then these which are my
Zara like tie up / lots alfie has a
t-shirt and sometimes so my Nana
granddaughter coming with my mum and I'm
so excited because the last time they
came to see the house we just got it and
it looked quite different how it is now
so I'm excited to see like their
reaction and to show them round and
because I don't feel like they would
have seen much of our vlogs so for them
this is probably going to be like a
first time seeing like all of it which
just makes it a little bit more special
I think my mum went and picked them up
at 7 a.m.
savage Mother's just got to wait for
them to arrive now I don't know how much
I will film of them just because like my
nan doesn't like being on camera my mum
doesn't mind my grandpa doesn't actually
mind but I think it is going to be like
a weekend of chilling really I hope the
weather stays nice set that's what
that's what we're doing me and Alfie
have snuck off because we want to go and
get lunch for everybody and we're also
buying everything we need for dinner I
decided to do subsidies mashed potato
and onion gravy
I'm handsome back as well it looks like
you're wearing if you got like something
round your neck makes men you've got
dungarees on no oh it's your little pack
smaller yeah my fanny pack up your
little horse an exaction I've been
waiting in a little openings in my
pocket then why are you wearing it just
you know fashion a fashion statement
my grandparents loved the house which is
so nice I'd watch your favorite room
they liked the bedroom and the Wardrobe
which is called I pulled muscles from my
major I am though he's never worked out
in as I might have ever believed me how
do you know that you've only know me
five years and I know you've never been
to the gym there is no better world
where I went to gym with you I think I
just moved your legs are twice basically
I always never ever gotten to the gym
before so she thinks that her arms he
came from using them is the same as
pulling my muscle
I put ok I know the difference between
aching muscles and losing a mother yes I
do
I did he and Scott suffer that's what I
am hold my right buttock and it allows
sorry I own those glutes 8 because
Charlotte it's not even both of them
it's one of them the time I fall dead
okay it really hurt are we trying to say
that I haven't know what I'm trying to
say is Dom's from when you go to the gym
can really hurt because of in your heart
muscle from the gym Dom Dom so in your
arms when you ate so your muscles Eakins
work Dom's
it's not like Jim speak or that was
really cool
yeah I've never heard that before in my
life yes you get really bad domes are
you oh my good really bad dog
yes I'd say seven boredom awesome to go
back up no I pulled a muscle in this
after and this ask Creek Creek so your
ass crack
oh great sorry no no no my ass cheat my
right ass cheek
come on sun's coming out yay you're so
mean I have holes a muscle in my arm I
don't know I have an appointment here
use your Excel I always be on these is
there long oh my god like that thing and
I do that no I wish is our as we walked
in we got handed this list the local
food bank which is nice we can satisfy
some things dentistry baked beans fruit
juice long life carton food banks done
it's not real I could reach T right got
our little lunch
well I'm not the biggest sushi Teramo
and this is Nan's first time having
sushi and we've got some little rolls
and sandwiches got myself a little mint
tea and I am just about to quickly edit
and quickly we all know it's not going
to quickly but I'm going to edit my vlog
from yesterday enough how um we're
casually just listening to shaggy is a
shaggy I've said before my mum helps me
with any fan mail that I get because
there's a lot to try and keep on top of
which is ever so lovely of you so thank
you if you ever do send me a letter and
we're going through some of it now and
it's so cute I've got these earrings or
which one was this from so these are
handmade laser-cut jewelry by the
company Milly by the C so you can check
them on Etsy and on Instagram so thank
you so much
so though
one yeah Lauren and we've got this
little package I have no you you haven't
opened the card yet let's have a look
ah these are the things that you can
spit in cake it's like in a cake isn't
that cool
you're a whole lot is enough ah and look
this is a picture of I'm assuming her
dog we haven't read the letter yet
Henry loves Nana for bringing me Jenny
old habits in my blog because the be
relatable love or my other cameras so to
go legit will stick but how are we doing
I can often see Zoe this little package
of goodies from our new decor range we
thought the fam'ly slogan right up your
street we sent you and marks matching
ones so if you like them so feed journey
and Henry the dog he offered me to the
famine where's your Henry for that
degree mark wanna be 5000 stay weird
that's very appropriate for you and Mark
actually I'm going to put that in my
office because it's gonna like and off
my like my office team containers stay
beautiful and then look at these amazing
this idea so these are like hand-drawn
illustrations this is fast so this is
the cookie it was on nearest city wasn't
it yeah below so this is where we went
like when we went shopping all right
into town
very beautiful 50 yes they left me on
there
and they've done some of London ah God
yes she did
she's an illustrator she's fair on bass
actually here though an illustrator
working in bathroom my lovely assistant
Georgie and we are super excited to be
on your Instagram but you have come to
the city as we are avid fans we
absolutely could not resist sending you
a little something to remind you of the
caesarian oh ah
so this neither from Alice and Georgie
and you can find them on Instagram
Alice underscore cake underscore
illustrate and also the underscore bar
Sounion thank you guys and I've done
some of the world out of the world
and map of London thank you so much also
got a lovely variety of pin so this one
is from the black pug press black pug
Club I said I need to get one of these
for Amanda she would love that and then
we've got goats and totes
keep going and Love Wins I love this one
this one's so cute and then loads by a
company called Old English company which
are all amazing I really like this one
do not worry and I like this one
high-five get the stern ah I want a bear
hug oh I want to bear hug you amazing
also have these lovely prints of London
and Paris by a girl called Andrea and
her Etsy shop is type typographic codex
EECOM they're so cool
there's a lot of very talented people in
the world this is such a good idea so
this is a collar and tag she's but I
don't think Nala will get arrested for
being naked in public as she wears a
harness I wanted to make a tag
especially for her I hope she likes it
so this is Baxter's boutique credit UK
Cheryl and Baxter and it's so cute so it
says Nala
on it and it says not a daily vlogger
but then on the back which I really like
instead of having a number it says I'm
lost but chips please scan me which is
so good because she is chipped but we
don't tend to keep something with our
number on just because we film her all
the time
so that's perfect thank you so much
don't know if any of you saw this on my
Twitter but Finley this is by Finley
Eliot you could not believe how amazing
it was
bless you granddad this is because he
feel like he's really captured Nala yeah
like it's not just like a black pug that
is Nala and I just absolutely love this
I want to put this up in my house thank
you so much Finley what did you say do
though here is in portrait I've not
really hope you liked it much in person
yeah I did see online
I always watch your videos and thought
she would be a great subject to paint
thank you so much for retweeting it like
most most artists I'm full of self-doubt
and that gave me some much-needed
confidence looking forward to seeing
what you're up to this year I hope 2017
is full of exciting things for you oh
that's so nice I think it's serious you
have absolutely nothing to feel worried
about your art is incredible at this man
yeah painted so we're just preparing
dinner
this is I mean awkward I mean from blog
how you peel potatoes acidotic
if peel is awful I'm like I don't think
most people clean a potato like that so
then mum showed him how to do it if you
wanted to do it do it how my mum's are
showed you Conor was I caught myself
you're going to cut yourself like that I
think you might as well use a knife if
you're going to do that I think I mean
oh no you're losing it like um I really
like her what I look a penknife no it's
just got tons of you know this right oh
yeah that's all we're doing there's a
lot of mash because our feed mum and dad
are also coming for dinner as well which
will be really nice and thankfully we
did buy the biggest sausages we could
find so in your resume
that's how you supposed to do it I first
applied it no no no look now let me show
you how better
oh my god you're like chiseling it good
a cop I love you hold the potato with
your thumb
you hold the bottoms of Pluto and then
you just slide down you say but you got
like that yeah like I do that why maybe
we should switch jobs done York you're
not using your stomach dangerous no like
you're going away from you but you have
to come up towards you okay have another
go
life lessons of Zoe that's it that's it
like that okay I'm proud of you
very perverted way mum is fine just get
a faster than standby please just unbox
the posters oh my god they're sick thugz
lice xpb so you guys might be familiar
with the Joe and Zuri face it is really
heavy you like I need put it down um but
we had an Alfie fair looking a little
stubble oh so we had an alpha phase male
yeah there's little bald gaps here for
where I can't go myself
yeah so these are only these are
exclusive posters so you know two
different color as well what's the other
colour again white okay and then we're
gonna eat one yeah
so Jason sign there I'm going to find
that after you sign there and we have
quite a few to do so write a blue girl
yeah we need to probably get cracking on
that what's that
what's so funny is oh haha well I'm so
funny is in pets at home when I'll be
bought this because it's the cats but
when you bought this the lady went oh my
cat loves it and Alfie went oh we're
going to see if it works on our dogs
because they're like cats so dumb I
suppose any dogs it'll be ours
so he can't see it oh there you go Jaime
what mommy got what's mommy go so
mommy's be there we go it so you have to
it really slow so they can follow it
this is how you tie them out
dinner is finished and everyone is now
in the living room
it looks like I've made mum clear up
look if you like in I've been unloading
the dishwasher and helping I've just
missed literally I only got my camera
out because we're on the last pan so I
was like oh I'll do it no but it doesn't
like mums just doing everything but he
did do a lot you did help I don't think
we would have had a dinner if he didn't
help me I mean we wouldn't have any
pudding
I bought the cream in the custard and
put the ice cream out I would like
waitress to be even angry we're good so
now everyone is chilling in the living
room spider-boy I discovered that my
manager she would Aces program nun you
should go on this that you should be the
juicer you can see the texture you
should be the action tracer oh you could
if you're watching please put my man on
your show
yeah you should do that would you ever
fill in a quiz would you have a good one
did you know do they not want you to go
on ah my man anyone who owns attraction
a not attached if another treasure no I
tracked you a game show like questioning
James on it's quiz shows even pointless
question mr. pointless management shows
yeah and if no one replies this message
because you're scared issued savage you
have good morning everybody it is now
Sunday and this morning I got up I came
downstairs and my mum helped me sign all
of these so Alfie had already signed
these ones so I've signed those and then
I finished off this one I'm not sure how
many were actually going to get done
before the shop opens on Wednesday but
we'll see it really hurt my wrist though
because I think signing all my tippin's
for my girl online books sort of screwed
my wrist up a little bit mum said it's
probably repetitive strain something
injury I don't know but my wrists really
hurt in my last weekend flog lots of you
are teaching or something to that I was
like oh yes my last weekend log lots of
you said how did you do that egg thing I
mean it's really straightforward but I
can show you so you will need some
crusty bread I actually had bagels last
time but crusty breads January works
better some balsamic glaze not balsamic
vinegar some sweet and nutty sesame
seeds which are going all over the
counter some smoked paprika and today
I'm going to put a little bit of salad
crest on top just for a bit of garnish
it looks nice
and eggs mum got these eggs from where
did you get these from mommy
ah mommy's neighbor my name are growing
peas chicken eggs this one um it's
actually covered in poo he wants that
one so these eggs will be lovely
so egg and some tomatoes which are a
little bit of balsamic vinegar on and
then some black pepper and some like a
cracked salt and the balsamic vinegar of
use is this one which Amanda actually
bought for me and our feet from Italy
and it is so good I'm like this is like
summer fruits flavor
I didn't realize the reason I love it is
because it's in a little spray so you
can get like on each of the tomatoes is
like perfect for that and she also
bought us or maybe this one would have
probably been nicer basil oil that
probably would have been nicer but I do
like balsamic so some Tomatoes
then you want a bowl of cold water for
putting your eggs in once they have
boiled and plates and that's it really
it's very straightforward but it is it's
pretty much all in the presentation
which is like my favorite bit anyway so
I'll show you as I'm doing it also
decided I'm going to put a tiny bit of
torn up Bible as well just for a bit
more flavor a bit more flavor flav we've
got the water for the eggs it was
boiling water because it's from the
boiling water tap I just need to get it
simmering in the pan a little ladle to
put the eggs in and out because the last
thing you want is to drop your egg in
and for it to crack and then the egg
leaks everywhere that makes life very
difficult just thing i'm going to do is
put the tomatoes into the oven for
around 10 min little tongue clicking
along now I'm going to try and put all
these eggs in very quickly around the
same time you bet
you know illegal ah yes the spoon
otherwise they crack from a hands issue
we've got the milk you chew faster hit
the bottom and the reward at the same
time all other massive one I was going
to be a double you remember will you get
any yeah used to go and get them from
that little shed along the road where
you had an honesty box and you just had
to pick your own egg come by for tea and
then leave the money so you ever not use
any money no I did pick the biggest egg
so I'm a solid okay
X now in there - five minutes now is a
bit we get your ladle and you take all
your eggs out and you put them into the
cold water to stop them from continuing
to cook and then the cold water means
you can put your hands in and get the
shells off which is good we also now
have taupe on there we go there is
nothing whole eggs now a month you don't
have to help me get angular so we've got
a bowl to the shelf but it's also quite
easy to do it inside water and we just
be shoving all the eggs so they look
like that so mums helping you do that
and I'm now buttering the toast toast is
buttered going to take the eggs 102 pop
them on like that one it's a big egg -
and then it's time to decorate little
bit most have recess
Tomic drizzle
around the place because it looks pretty
let me see on the top and on the bottom
it drizzle all the way around you came
up to cut the tomatoes you can quite
hard to cut
little bit little puzzle that and there
you go I'm going to let none a granddad
cut into their egg so all that was like
a bit mmm that's how I actually like
them yeah that's how exactly how I like
my eggs
hmm have an invasion of white
butterflies they're so prickly that
they're around you granddad they're
giving you a little done oh you're gonna
go out nope
yes yeah that way that way no fastest
mum's doing the light but to fly out the
door dance oh we were just saying how
beautiful they look man yeah right
you just noticed I've got the camera no
just pretty white lotus-like mum are you
trying to blow it this is like that game
you know the one with the elephant nose
or something and you've got a net and it
blows them out the cow relaxed she knows
my mum has the coolest trainers on where
did you get these from taking it he came
at her children's fun now you know where
I get my small feet around there's no
issues they say are they got the same
ones in kid size which is the same size
they just cheese
like yeah I'll do that I'm not 127 your
girlfriend kid shoes why not
a paintable expensive on let me hear
your pain yeah yeah yeah that's true
save the money a baby girl boy alright
quick injection Jabbar - you know I
might be so jealous of them that's cool
you do like some baby my eyes are
watering already I think I'm having an
allergic reaction to my mascara I think
oh but you know what it probably is
because whenever I do my eye makeup my
eyes start watering but I think it's not
ask Eric my mascara cut old
you are supposed to get rid of your
mascara every three months should use a
new mascara for seventy three months and
wash your brushes and so yeah maybe I
need to come at her on I've just
realized that might be what it is you're
not letting me see well my gosh
oh they really dirty I told you off for
that the small number on me
we're at excite so nice of you
like retire you know and you can really
smell the like yeah
oh they can be more opposite if they try
it pit stop
so mean mom how fee and honor have come
down along the way just a few little
snacks it's a nice picture this such a
nice day it's not too windy what school
are there doing safety grounds god it
looks so like fluid from an egg yeah I
could never do that do you remember me
an attic computer yeah yesterday I
brought my roller skate I could do that
yeah do you remember me and Alex used to
roller skate around Lake oh yeah okay
you should never rollerblade yeah
are you good at that can you do this
like stuff like that I mean I've never
done that I just do get I'm going to get
home and he's going to order some
rollerblades and some clothes and he's
going to be in the garden like bring
mass we are on an ice cream admission a
what would this pomegranate no faster
improvement we can factory I'm not sure
about it don't you have for you tripping
or am i tripping think you're dripping
you're forbid you are over back annoyed
and actually like my ice cream so I'm
being it helped you come to get me
another ones lesson also know don't
worry he was like fine it doesn't take
too long then we've now over there gave
me another ice cream of a flavor that I
might actually like I took a risk I've
never tried it before
wrong risk okay Alfie got me a new one
boyfriend points right there we now have
hazelnut and banana and it is the best
thing I've ever tasted
we're back now and mum and Nana and
granddad just left it was so so nice to
have them here
I loved it oh I'm going to miss them
we're going to miss them are Wenona
you're going to miss them I need to edit
yesterday's vlog and put this footage
onto it and upload there so as you're
watching this this is today this is
today as you're watching this okay
last next I was vlogging yes that's not
like next day daily vlog that's like
yeah it's like a delayed into the story
this needs to be higher yet can see
we've reached a very exciting part of
the vlog because you guys know I like to
give you little sneak peeks and tasters
of what is to come and for a while now
I've been vlogging my office and being
like oh I can't tell you what's down
there I can't show you want some that I
still can't fully show you a fan though
but I can tell you what it is so beauty
gifting I talked about this briefly in
my lifestyle video beauty gifting is
when a beauty range comes out for
Christmas time and it's mostly gifts
because tis the season of giving and
there's nothing better at Christmas and
giving like a gift set I just already
love working on lifting gifting is like
my favorite thing to work on ever I
think I mean I like working on all of
them but gifting I just really really
love I can actually tell you what the
range this Christmas for beauty is and
what it smells like I can show you a
couple of the items from the range the
reasons of this is some of you might
actually be familiar but Superdrug tend
to do a kind of or what do they call it
I feel like it has a proper name and
it's gone but where they test your face
and kind of see how things go it's kind
of like testing Christmas ranges so this
range or some of the items from this
range may be going in
to some of the largest super drug stores
not all of them is a very very few but
you will be seeing these products from
like tomorrow so I wanted to be the
first person to share with you kind of
the thought process behind the range the
inspiration what the smell is and what
the entire range is cool and show you a
couple of bits of packaging just so you
get the idea but since it is not
available kind of across the UK yet
until next month
I don't want to do like a full in-depth
like this is this and this is this
because I feel like it's a bit unfair to
do that like so so far in advance
because for a lot of you you won't be
able to get these for another month but
I didn't want it to be ruined but I want
to be walking to super drug and being
like wait a minute what's this I've no
idea what it is so I did want to address
it kind of a bit you know how to get a
good balance so and I want to try and
keep this quick because I've just edited
the rest of this vlog and it's so long
the room is called snow Ella alight the
puns and it was a puns that I had to use
at some point in my life is a fragrance
I have never done before it's a very
fresh fragrance in fact I'm going to
show you the fragrance bottle that's
going to be one of the product that I'm
going to show you if I wanted it to be a
fragrance I have never done before it's
like nothing else when you think of snow
what do you think of I think of white
crisp fresh and that is exactly how I am
going to describe this fragrance it is
probably and I know I throw the
statement around quite a lot but I
really genuinely do you think this is my
favorite fragrance we have ever ever
done so I mean I hope that you I have
here is a special edition larger body
mist of snow Ella look at this so it's
quite scandi inspired like the designs
with like the little trees and
fonts and things and it has like a
pompom on it it has a freaking pom-pom
on it off I just love it this scent was
without a doubt the hardest thing I've
ever had to pick in any range ever it
took me months and months to the point
where I think a team asaji was starting
to panic because and everyone to be
honest even my mother'll be like oh so
easy to pick participant ly like this
giant bag in fact do you go back to flog
maste thirteen long-stay 13 that is when
I pick this scent and it was a joyous
day it was a really joyous day everyone
was very very happy but that just going
to show you how long these things are
kind of in the making for I think it's
really interesting actually I do kind of
want to show you these some of these
things aren't like this now so and some
of these things aren't being made like
as I said before with ranges like this
you start off with all the products you
like but not all of them can always be
made and not all of them the retailer
will want so you could create something
that you're absolutely so obsessed with
but the retailer might come on and go
actually we just don't think that's
going to work or we don't have the shelf
space for that or so there are things on
here which we're going to work or we
were looking at doing but we thought we
didn't so I'm just going to show you
this anyway because the designs on this
like these are some of the designs
they're amazing they're really great all
we were looking at this very bright pink
here but we didn't actually go for that
one I always keep these because they
show such a story I really enjoy a few
is to see how far along like things of
come on and how things have changed I
just thought it might be interesting for
you to see everything on here may be
being made so there's a little sneak
peek I'm going to show you one more
product in real life roller balls hello
I wanted to do these for so long so
you've got the gelato
the blissful miss full and snow Ella I'm
very excited about these snow we're not
coming soon when it is available guys I
will be sure to do an in-depth video
like I do with all my knee ranges well
I'll talk you through every single
product why I like it what it's got in
it etc etc I am now going to attach this
is a bit of footage onto the end of my
blog and that is where I'm going to
leave it because again I've managed just
over film oh I'm really sorry if you
hate long blogs because and they're not
always going to be this long I say that
every time guys don't think this is the
norm this just seems to be happening a
lot at the moment but I hope you've
enjoyed the blog I hope you had a lovely
weekend and that you're all ready for
the start of another week and I will see
you again very soon right
