hello everybody it is Friday the week
has finally got to the end it's not
tapping noise I hope you liked my little
morning montage I immediately got up
this morning and just tidied because I
have my mum and my grandparents coming
this weekend but I also have a very busy
day today so I wasn't sure if I was
gonna get all the time I needed in order
to make the house tidy I mean this is an
utter mess but I'm gonna tackle that
later and thankfully they're not staying
in my bedroom we also had somebody in
this morning fixing something in our
ensuite let me just check it actually
because he laughed and said he finished
but okay yeah fine fix it good and I had
a shower and I wash my hair and I combed
my hair I love when my hair is cold but
my god I hate curling it it's just one
of those like really laborious I really
like that word I don't use that enough
it's a really laborious task to be
completely honest with you
and even when I start doing it it's like
it pains me like I hate curling my hair
I wish I had salmon Adam everyday to
curl my hair basically wanna come a
little bar cart oh look I want to show
you this actually so for a housewarming
party
Carly and Leon kindly bought this neon
flamingo and it is the coolest thing
look and I mean it's like they knew the
vibe I was going for because I also have
this little gold flamingo and over here
this pink flamingo with where's Carly
gave it to me she was like oh my god
this is perfect for your dining room and
you're right Carly it is
so perfect for this dining room and yeah
there it is
I honestly do feel like this is one of
my favorite rooms in the house like this
is like my favorite view after the house
I'm gonna show it to you now so you can
see what I'm talking about
like maybe this this is like one of my
favorite things to look at you got like
the disco balls down here the green
we've got that big piece of art that we
had in our old house that's got loads
and loads of colours in it you can see
these and you can see this which is what
poppy Shaun Amanda and Nick bought me
for my birthday this big like convex
concave mirror I don't know which one
the chairs oh this is my new little plum
I bought yesterday which I'm obsessed
with I really don't want to kill that
and then you can see the bar cart and
now you can see the little flamingo but
you can also see the artwork that Alfie
bought me for Christmas
yeah I just love this room a lot this is
kind of like a mini tour but I feel like
it's finally done
I guess this one and it is one of my
absolute favorite rooms it's actually
quite a lot of people's favorite room
but yes there you go Carly and Leon
bought me and Alfie this lovely wingo
and I just think it looks so great on
the bar cart next to that picture today
is a fairly busy day because myself and
Alfie are shooting some photos for a
very exciting project which we sort of
gave you a little hint yesterday with a
gif on Twitter and so many of you flip
Nala she's like a little skip so many of
you guessed and screenshotted which is
crazy because we made the gift so quick
we knew some of you would screenshot it
because you're all like super duper
detectives I didn't realize so many of
you would sit and like continuously
screenshot until you actually got the
shot which gave you a little hint I will
actually explain exactly what it is
later on today but we are going to be
going out
he's some photos of that I believe Joe
and after you've already taken photos to
that but I haven't yet so I also just
got these packages so I thought I would
open these whilst I wait for Alfie
because he's not here yet and once again
I'm waiting for him before we go
anywhere but I'm gonna open these
packages see what they are
save this for a home where Hall but I
ordered from Urban Outfitters a bed like
bedding or peaches like how freaking
cute is this I don't know whether I want
to put it on the guest bed that I'm
gonna film in or on our bed we shall
soon see this is for sure a cushion if
you guys weren't aware already Urban
Outfitters do some great home where look
at them okay
oh I love this this can go on the bed as
well maybe with the peaches I actually
do have more weight there oh okay so
because I'm getting like totes organized
before Christmas I ordered some pine
cones only some pine cones for like
autumnal flat days basically
so this is from SOG so these are the
companies that make my brother and I
didn't have no uh yeah I didn't have any
of the wonder hand hand cream so I asked
them to send in to eat them because when
friends come round or family members I
like to have a little stash that I can
then give them or a stash for me to use
and some of the product
I was running quite low on so they sent
me sir oye Morshower shake my stash of
this got absolutely rinsed by all my
friends and family because they were so
excited to try it so I've got them to
send me some more so far I have been
absolutely loving all you guys is
feedback and review of the jelly in
gelato range I do look and I watch all
the videos and I love hearing your
feedback it's so important obviously and
it does appear that the shower shake is
proving to be one of the most popular
because I've never done a moisturizing
shower gel before so I was kind of a bit
uneasy as to how many people would
prefer to use this over a normal shower
gel but everyone is loving it especially
for shaving your legs with and someone
said that in a review they were like oh
use it to show you my legs I was like
that is a genius idea and I felt like
one of my friends also said that that's
what they've done with it and now that's
what I use to shave my legs with also
and it's just so creamy and leaves my
skin feeling so soft so I needed some
more of that for myself also oh I think
I think this is all my product too
hand sanitizers yeah I had none of these
left and I swear by this wondrous wit I
have none of this left so glad approach
scooper duper oh my love I have missed
not having this it's just what I always
use in my bath for like the best bubbles
shower stores thank heavens has run out
of this as well I'm making the biggest
mess behind this camera this is the good
things come in threes mini fragrances
which I already have quite a few of but
now I have more soap opera also it's
really good for me to have a stash of
the products for photos for the social
accounts as well speaking of if you
don't already follow zoella lifestyle or
zoella beauty on twitter and instagram i
will leave links in the description box
so you can go on over and check them out
if you like pretty polished scrub for
any of you that were obsessed with a
tutti fruity scrub this is the same
formulation in the classic scent it is
the best ever I love it right now I need
to put all the products into a box and
tidy up this mess oops there we go now
I'm probably gonna have to ask Alfie to
carry this up to my office this is way
too heavy for me just heading over to
Alfie's office oh I'm gonna drop this
flattering angle
so that we can make our way to what did
I just drop out so that we can make our
way to the artists residence just start
the photo shoot I'm really hungry we've
had the last of the photos developed
from the housewarming that is literally
the most vile picture of me I've ever
seen in my life
there's mom there's some really nice
ones where my friends came to stay as
well
ah that's nice I like that picture of me
yeah yeah do you see your friends ones
that they're like oh my god that was so
funny around the house they must have
done this when I was getting ready yeah
there was one zone Emma's little boy oh
yeah I took those these ones yeah so
these were the pit at the top a minute
ago so the top of the pile yeah it was
like this when we when I got them in the
first open them oh look there's one of
you oh my chicken nuggets you in the
chicken oh you and Nala look oh my god
Joe and Leon like I love those ones
usually the ones buddy and Amelia have
buzzed in Amelia it wasn't me yeah
anyways we need to get yeah we need to
go I'll look at these properly later ah
mark and Holly so you may have just
spotted what Alfie was wearing in that
last clip and I can now talk to you
about it because Joe and Alfie have
already uploaded their vlogs as you're
watching this so I can talk about it but
we are doing a collaboration Oh what
does he want
sorry yeah I'm just telling them about
our exciting thing that we're doing we
are doing a pop-up shop in London and
collaborative merge so we have P B and
thug life on hoodies t-shirts we've got
phone cases posters pots okay
tote bags honestly guys I don't want to
take too much credit for this because
Alfie has worked his ass off the last
like three weeks probably long not just
me the team is I know there's a team but
honestly Alfie is like been living and
breathing this and obviously we've had
like lots of meetings with him we
haven't just left him to it we've been
me and you I've been involved too we
just think it's like such a fun cool
idea we've got the pop-up shop from the
23rd the 23rd what is open from it's
open from the 23rd to the 3rd of
September 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. every day or
seven Sundays is 10:00 to 4:00 there we
go
so if you're around London during that
time
please come and pop in and we're gonna
be insane yeah sporadically we're gonna
be in there some days I think
Alfie is gonna be in there quite a lot
he's planned to just move out Joe's
gonna be there yeah it's basically gonna
be the most fun ever
hellix great this shoot that we're doing
now is basically to take some pictures
of me wearing it Joe and Alfie have
already done their photo so I haven't
done one yet so you'll get to see a
sneak peek of some of the stuff just
done with it not just some of it I'm not
gonna show you all of it because some of
it has to be a surprise but the actual
pop-up shop is going to look so freakin
cool isn't it like it's gonna look sick
the stuff that we've got the interior
designer that's kitted it all out is
just like insane can I say that she did
my yeah she did my ice cream van like
she's so great she's really good even
though yelling the shop-windows have got
all like the vinyl wrap on it so it
looks like a proper full-time shop
they're like it's insane I'm just turn
note guys this is like a one-time thing
this isn't much that's gonna be
available like all year round this is
just from the third it's all gonna be
gone so if you are around London like I
said I will leave all the details in the
description box come in say hi grab
yourself a piece of thug life XP be much
SL XP be oh I love that you really like
pleased it's all come together I mean
it's been a lot of work like a lot a lot
of work but we're gonna have a bloody
shop in London like the centre of London
we're gonna have a physical shop for 12
days is a cool shot don't confuse them
it's not open for 12 days there it is
it's open for ya
23rd 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31st first
second anyway this is one of them one of
the hood
as you can see and alfie has one on the
white one which one's your face
Wow these two out of everything of
everything I do like the white I do like
the orange are we allowed to say how
many variations we've gotten on so how
many different colored hoodies and how
many different colored t-shirts nice you
can if you want you can wait see so next
week is gonna be busy but I'm gonna vlog
and take you with me so I'm seeing you
guys gonna be you're gonna see it and
you can be in the vlog if you want if
you come along and I'm there and I'm
vlogging there you go
it's gonna be bad so many friends and
family coming it's like my dad literally
your mum texts as well my mom was like
do you need any help it's someone to
work in the shop me and Amanda could
work in the shop I was like like serving
people that was really cute and wages of
this is my dad's text I'm we're talking
about when's it open you but I'm happy
to work for nothing
they're like four smiley faces in a row
oh don't worry dad would that need to be
working no good we got we got we've got
are you gonna be serving people yeah no
I really want to serve but you know we I
don't know when we like to speak about
when we go in there but because we're
going there before opens at some points
that's when we get until train do you
know we before I was yeah you know the
crate store the company we just bought
actual tales so not we've got an iPad
yeah we've cash so we've got the iPads
and all the little like card reader
machines everything I left for people
pay a card but we had to buy physical
tales and then do you not like it's
things like this that people won't even
realize the time they've put in weird
design what the receipt looks like
vinyls for the window goes on and then
every time you order anything you get a
free points robin a free sub drive
sticker you need to come down guys yo
you need to come see it you need to get
yourself this but you won't be able to
ever get it again
like this okay so yeah see you that see
that yeah okay let's go do the shoot
because they're probably thinking where
the hell are they to me
when without my shoes I guess the last
time you probably wore velcro shoe
beautiful okay more people canoeing and
I thought I did it they you are you
surprised yeah I just didn't pass these
people what is this like some sort of
confidence to say hello to this man say
hi how you doing this right here mmm
famous women shall I say we finished up
taking pictures in artist residence so
we're now heading to read roaster to
take some pics there as well and then
we're doing something really freaking
random oh well there's like zero spaces
this song is my new fave
I've been listening how many tons of
perpetuate snow
honestly this is number six to the right
I'm not even joking so he doesn't play
songs on repeat she hates that but this
one I actually am playing on repeat
because there's only like three minutes
long so it's like a quick it's like an
easy to listen to it's so cute
it's by oh just a little bit it's by
Maisy Peters and I actually put a link
to it on my Twitter but you guys have to
check it out but I feel quite a few
times at the gleam events actually and
all my comments are always oh my god who
is that singing I absolutely love her
voice I love her songs and I generally
leave a link to her channel in the
description box but she's just released
her first like single single so yeah
that was that you should definitely go
and check it out go listen to it I'll
leave a little link in the description
box we are now heading oh yeah we are
now on the way to something that alpha
is organized like don't ever say I don't
do fun things with you okay because I
wouldn't normally think oh my god yeah
let's go and do that but you are gonna
enjoy it but I am good angel I know I
will so there's this massive inflatable
the world's longest world's longest
inflatable course obstacle course and
it's in Brighton at the moment so we're
going along we're gonna go and have a go
on it
no but also it's not even open yet
they've opened the early front so
they're not available yet tomorrow don't
sit there for I had no idea
I know opens tomorrow you've got to
check it out like it sounds insane
it looks insane and it looks insane I'm
a little bit apprehensive
because I'm not the fittest person and
me and Alfie you're gonna try and race
round and I just know that this is not
going to end well for me because alfea's
legs are twice as long as mine I think
being nimble and small is gonna help you
because it's an obstacle course they
could be the old tunnels that I can't
fit there's not water is there it's all
under water is it water
is it no is it water yeah
so water you're not going to swim across
to you know it's not water is it there's
people standing there with like fire
hoses like he doesn't know it's because
I'm imagining it like on the water but
what's that program to catch his cast
off no the other one oh one with the
drive met balls what's the code I can't
remember Richard Hammond Normandy all's
you have to talk to one yeah but that's
on water yes so is this one no it's no
is it this one's on custard
okey I'm not gonna do this if I'm gonna
get wet you're gonna get married you
didn't preborn me
it's not water is it can you know it
isn't is it
really it's alright it's war okay I'm
not filming now tell me into actually is
it oh I just can't wait till we can see
it in the net someone I never drive to
this part of town but I think that might
be it oh yeah the last person who just
finished on there okay crazy one guy oh
my god do you know what this is like
I'll be going up oh my god Alfie I can't
show you job
good you got this it's really soft
I hope they've turned it on three
too obvious so pride are you serious
daddy yeah should I just fall how do you
not know that's gonna hurt go on then oh
my god
got this going then
oh look at that seized goods you're so
light and nimble like I told you you got
that you've got that oh okay okay ready
go then
oh I think we have to run on these No
hey guys oh hey guys all the way through
oh okay for a race Oh going through them
you got this you got this no your camera
going you got this you got this yeah
same all right here we go yeah get over
we're way as always up you got this guy
Jess don't know what so he's can do when
she gets to the top she's going to be so
scared feel like I'm making it to the
top of Mount Everest
look at what we've just accomplished
it's so wet at the bottom
so higher my legs look at the water my
bomb oh my god it's pretty hot we just
weren't prepared and there's only two of
us if there was like ten of us doing
this video my farm is like soaked and
we're done here I'm not too sure what
the footage is like of that because to
be honest it was just me and I'll be
running around camera in our hand but
that was so much fun it was really good
so if you guys are around this is on
until Sunday so as you're watching this
go yeah you haven't got much time let's
travel the UK yeah travels the UK is
called the labyrinth there's a slide
that's 40 foot high are you proud of me
by the way I'm so proud of you
I did Sam's already I'm so proud I the
hardest bit first bit well you have to
jump down onto your bum see if it was on
to your feet it wouldn't be so bad but
he was like jump on your bum or you'll
hurt your feet I was like oh my god it's
so hard like that I hated that it was
really hard I whenever he tries to teach
me things on the trampoline I could
never do them because I just have this
like inability to be completely like
relaxed doing things like that it's like
my body just completely goes against
everything that you're supposed to do so
when he's saying you have to make sure
you land on your bum I'm like I don't
think I can like I honestly think I'm
gonna have to land on my feet
and it's the same when Alfie tries to
teach me stuff on the trampoline it's
like my body does does not do what it's
supposed to do I feel like
most people would like nip into the
petrol station and grab a bottle of
water or but the coke no just can you
just hold it again how you're holding it
to now I'm gonna hold when I'm driving
I'm driving you can show that icon Alfie
comes out with a freaking Cunha yeah
he's legit like like a friggin hairy
coconut just healthy you know it smells
so bad
do you not think okay try it smells like
no I don't like coconut water okay yeah
that's fresh no that's not right I
prefer it but it's not fresh trust me
but yeah I just thought that was really
funny I wanted to point out
still good on there I am lying in bed
editing my 40-minute block when I get
cool from Alfie
he's like can you come and help me with
my office Mike what it's like I need you
to come and help me love me that neon
sign works
no you stay here pups and she facetimes
me and he's trying to get us hey Dad
good girl you wait back in there goddamn
look so start I did wonder what the hell
are you still doing out here like
Harper's 9 smashed up with this wall
it's ok you can get that repainted ok so
I've got to help you with this but not
look so I've got to help you this is my
eyes shirt no you can I mean I'd rather
get in and you know I also don't know if
it's gonna fit only measured with my
hands like that it's like this much ok
yeah I do try to use my arms ok right
okay so are you giving up on this then
no we're gonna bring that stick I won't
show lie everyone's - yeah that'll fit
there honestly didn't think we were
going to do that it's dark it's late I
didn't want to not end the vlog so we're
watching a film called stalks it's a
kid's film butterfly tentative yes is
any film is any film no I mean isn't it
I know what you mean animation but thank
you so much for watching this vlog I
hope you're excited about the merch
collab pop-up store and I will see you
again on Sunday tomorrow why would this
focus so dark it's too dark
apparently night guys love yeah
