good morning everybody it is now Tuesday
the 20th of February and this morning we
are having a meeting with Sophie who is
my Sibella beauty and lifestyle brand
manager and I think we're just going to
go through a few questions and look
through some samples this box arrived
yesterday in my PA box which looks a bit
sketchy but this is full of stuff that
we are gonna talk through today so Oh
Carrie's hair as well so yeah that is
what we are doing and wearing the fenty
Beauty lipgloss today I haven't actually
worn this before I ordered it ages ago
ordered it in September I think and I
quite liked it it's a color that I
wouldn't normally go for and I don't
normally wear gloves but your out of me
oh my god
oh great start for flog in my shower
this morning
I used the zoo Ella Beauty shower source
because I absolutely freaking love it
and then when I got out the bath
I used the body pudding which is from
the jelly and gelato range this is what
it looks like inside for any of you that
don't know it has these lovely little
like beads in kind of like the tutti
fruity range but they like burst on your
skin and it soaks in so quickly and you
only need a really small amount so and
then you smell delicious all day I don't
know what knowledge barking at but
blimey I'm leaving that in my vlog do
you know how much that made me jump it
was yeah oh he's been to the gym this
morning oh I got to show you my outfit
where's the best
to show you this is my jumper it's by
shinty and parker and they actually very
kindly sent me this it's one of my
favorite jumpers ever it's so soft and
it has all these characters from the
Moomins in it i love it
Alfie was like I don't know whether I
think it's really cool and cute or a bit
creepy I like it and then I have these
trousers on which are from Zara a little
belt yeah that is my outfit did you want
me to help you pick your outfit or are
you good yeah are you doing like an all
black today all black airplane no I love
when you do your hair looks nice today
yesterday so now my hair is like flat
his hair I feel like I haven't seen you
so far this week Alfie got back at
midnight last night cuz he went to see a
chair and didn't you I'm very jealous it
was such a small gig like the venue you
should it was his first gig in three
months and I'm pretty sure we saw his
last gig saw like his two most recent
kings but he was just loving his life
yeah look at my hand that's not playing
ball today I like yeah anyway I will see
you later
have a lovely day at work what are you
doing actually wouldn't surprise me if
he did that oh yeah you're gonna do that
are you
really nearly decided to fly to New
Zealand surprise booking Shawn but then
I thought I I said no I've been serious
because of the new office I was like we
were gonna go there get a coffee what me
was right back
you are not took poppy and Shawn two
days to get there imagine living with
someone like that
bye oh I just took my plot out got mad
Alfie is looking over Christmas range
are you joking me what this is
Christmas this Christmas yeah 30 hell
I'm in two minds about whether I pan
down right now they want to see the
whole range from like from the beginning
and I get why because people feel like
they're more invested in the product
when it actually comes out do i turn the
camera around oh my god this is gonna be
quite I like reveal style so basically
we've had a delivery of variation so
this is life style so this is what goes
into boots no bears in the color matches
that color I know don't hurt us hmm kind
of but not really there's similarities
but it is a different design yeah your
lid yes so this lid always look cute
legs to choose from we could ask them
see this is why I want to show you
because now I can just ask you so we're
doing another coffee mug but so far
we've only had one that has like the
opening so you just drink it yeah yeah
this one has done it's in bed dear
this one has a seal on it so you can put
it into a handbag so if you were like
going on the tube or something or in the
gym you could take that but we have to
decide on which lid we like look at that
do you like it let me see this my lids I
love the idea of these lids and then you
pop the big Atmos
and then you can drink out of it but
they're also secure it that's the
difference this one comes over one
doesn't yeah I prefer the smaller one da
I'm assuming both are like handbag seal
proof yes yes she we can fill it with a
coffee and shake them oh my bration
table that's so funny
I don't know I don't you like this one
which one do you guys like
the wonder cup more practical yeah I'm
kind of torn you've got a different just
realizes where you got I didn't lip to
drink from so on that obviously oh yeah
this one you've got not nearly at you
say oh well I battled actually drink out
of as well and then oh look at this cup
with straw I'm most excited about this
I love these we have so many of these at
our house oh that's cool
yeah so this is like you know the Hat we
had before which was grey with the green
pom-pom we've gone Navy and pink for the
lifestyle range this year which I'm very
excited about because I love Navy so
much there's a lot of Navy oh my god
it's so cool is this just like a mock-up
yeah a sip sip array this is going to be
in a set with something else very
exciting which we've already tested that
would have been fun to film this is cute
this is the first time we've seen this
in the packaging yeah I really like that
cozy socks yeah I like that little blue
pom-poms oh it's all going to look so
nice together
yeah like we could have maybe we could
have pink as the cosmic crane you can
mess with the Navy because that goes so
nice with the Navy but I love ya the
soft star yeah
maybe forget star soft as one and then
the other ones the other star shine yeah
so maybe star shower ours pink can we
change the color of the Little Miss or
is what about happy to stay why yeah
I've waited for a pack a ton of cool
pink you know I was gonna say too many
jewels and mini stars yeah so they're
going to make that funny it's still vert
match to the Pantone of that one with
oh that's sort of make it more grade yes
like a green you right now I will be so
sad if they don't choose to take it no I
don't love the sinks key yeah I just
think this tonight's Chinese in the trio
would be such a lovely gift
oh they have amazing although it bothers
me that it's going into it why myself
and Elfie are in an r8 that you have
been led by Audi Audi for six weeks okay
so we are off to a little lunch meeting
with Dave
I hate that feeling
hey I can't explain why they should go
30 in effect not that it's not the speed
it's the distance that you build up
momentum in a short space of time that
makes me feel like I hate us so much
oh it makes me feel like I'm gonna turn
into a little Sultana like all the
moisture inside of me is like oh it's
rise oh yeah
I tell you what Vista is dealer was it
like spicy mayonnaise like Chipotle
tight
that's a garlic butter and that one's
like pesto I think the Brits do he's
like breadstick yeah a little bread
Easter yeah that's mine thank you it's
bigger than mine
I have never known Allah to scream but
just got back from a meeting with Dave
Alf explain explain why we have meetings
with Dave I mean number one he's a
friend that we just got very food
together yeah serious that Dave's
basically spent his own life life steps
up his first company when he was 17 and
has just been growing and selling and
growing businesses his whole life so far
and so we just got the more he works
with zone on one day a week and just
helps out any business advice needed
whether that's hiring and doing
interviews and being present in those
interviews and giving tips for
management
mataji for if we're saying oh one day I
want this to happen how can we make that
happen from where we are at the moment
and who do we need to employ what skills
that they need to have and what training
do they need to have and training me new
as well yeah I was gonna say he's kind
of because what we do means neither
myself or Alfie have ever had any sort
of management training business training
I mean I did Business Studies in school
but you didn't learn anything like this
and Dave is offering like great advice
to myself and Alfie who manage people
yeah guys your daily dose of advice in
every Monday predominantly and it will
be every Monday starting the new office
and he's there for anyone in the team to
to use his brain his amazing business
brain that's essentially what we've been
doing up to this point what's the time
now so this morning we chatted myself
and carrier chatting today about the new
roles and everything like that and then
me and Alfie went and spoke to Dave more
about like us managing as well which was
good and we got food and it was great
and we had nice chats so that's good and
then we came back to you screaming at
toys got bit overexcited - did you good
morning everybody
it is now Wednesday and I had a fairly
eventful morning this morning
I let Nala outside as I normally do here
she is having a little chill on my lap
okay she's always stuck to me like glue
at all times
my little shadow and I let her out in a
garden and we have had a couple of foxes
in our garden recently and they're not
like little scrawny City foxes they're
big huge chunky well-fed country foxes
and they are massive they look beautiful
if I'm completely honest I think they
look amazing I was like this is what a
fox is supposed to look like and I've
not really thought about it too much
since I saw the foxes in the garden I
did actually ask on Instagram story if
there's foxes in my garden and Nala goes
out what will happen because she's Nala
is small like she's the size of a large
house rabbit or a large country rabbit
or a hare like she's not a big dog she's
very little and she's actually smaller
in real life than she looks on the
camera which is what everybody says she
went out in the garden and I turned my
look to action went really far and she
went right to the back of the garden and
then I turned and this huge Fox was like
running at her and I was like I don't
know how
is gonna I was like my heart beating I
don't know how this is gonna go so I ran
into the guard and shouting for Nala
like come here like trying to get her
attention because if she had seen the
Fox properly she would have run at it
thinking it was another dog or something
to play with like she's very like
excitable but she's also very
territorial so I'm not sure how she
would have properly reacted I don't
think she fully saw the Fox I think she
saw something run away and she was
intrigued so she ran after it and I was
in the garden barefoot with my PJs it's
like zero degrees that's frost on the
ground I can't feel my feet and I'm
shouting for Nala like what was that Fox
gonna do I don't know was it just
curious did it want to make friends if
they want to play like could they have
become best friends I don't know but I
really wasn't willing to find out if the
Fox was going to attack her foxes eat
like full-on massive fluffy chickens but
yeah if any of you have any experience
with foxes and small dogs I know that
foxes don't like cats and I think a fox
would attack a cat correctly from wrong
though maybe not all foxes maybe some
foxes are actually quite cute and not
that hungry
I just don't know and now I'm really
nervous about her going outside because
the Fox was running at her that Fox
wasn't scared of her
no no and it also came up nowhere and
that for me is a bit hunty I didn't I
didn't like it something didn't feel
right I didn't see the Fox Fox was like
on the down-low until Nala went out and
then it went for her so so Fox drama
aside today is Wednesday and it's the
day I get to announce my book so I'm
just making the thumbnail for the vlog
and having that up and scheduled for
4:00 p.m. so I'm assuming by the time
you have watched this vlog you've also
seen that one Steve is over and him and
Alfie have gone for breakfast and Mark
is coming over at about 11:30 but first
I'm going to do my thumbnail and then I
actually have a call with my therapist
ten-thirty which I'm very excited about
is my morning so fun
how's it going how are you doing I hope
you're doing well yeah I've looked
everyday I don't normally look every day
better the moment so we are about all
head into town mark is here he's staying
the night because tomorrow we're doing
something very exciting I haven't told
them yet but they'll see because I think
this is gonna be in the same vlog we are
basically going to a fragrance house and
we get to learn a lot more about
fragrances which is something I really
wanted to do for the development of
zoella beauty and any kind of future
fragrances and I thought there's a
certain someone I think would really
enjoy going to a fragrance house and I'm
only gonna give you two guesses who that
might be
we are gonna head into town now and grab
some lunch and we're gonna show Steve
and Mark the office business they're
doing like a plank thing where they
can't put their hands out I do know
Steve you have to fool people on the
front of a boat
what are you most excited to call for
New York so the thing I'm most excited
for
it's probably your lease thing it's the
fly in get in there that's always my
highest yeah we arrived it's just going
to be taken in the sides yeah I think
it's just experiencing new things every
day
yeah I've got all my like
recommendations written down yeah we
want to try and do a helicopter ride
which I'm really excited about oh my god
awesome insane
yeah dangling all sorts out
I'm driving you crazy
being around for you
you're gonna be a look at it meeting
rooms they're like it's like da oh my
god the kitchen is almost what do you
think I love it absolutely love it oh my
god about this yeah the little pulleys
they're cool aren't they yeah I think
you know fresh cold water mark there's a
Wi-Fi in the fridge oh my god
and then this little little photo studio
e we've now come into like a mother true
coming into town
style we've come for a lil choir
Oh
we are gonna go into them marks guys
poverty Steven Alfie you've got their
coffee right let's take Steve into this
wild wild plants shop
mark show us your favorite show is your
favorite where's the wrong on to what
this one here you've seen that before
if a little bit later on now Steve has
gone home and Mark and after you have
just nicked out to grab something for
dinner and I am just sitting here having
just perked my announcement vlog live
which I'm so happy about had a lot of
technical difficulties it was supposed
to go up at 4:00 and when I tried to go
in to go hey let's make this public I
couldn't it was like a server error in
YouTube or something and like loads of
people having the same issue but it but
I was like normally I wouldn't care and
I'd be like okay I'll just upload this a
bit later when they sorted it out but I
was like I wanted to make my mouse Minh
like it was so frustrating and actually
in the nine years of doing YouTube I've
never had anything like that happen
which I guess is good going but it
really wasn't great timing
but yeah it's live now it's done
everyone knows about it and all your
reactions and comments was so lovely
which is great
we're in after he's making a play game
called psych launching game get your
game faces ready why not photo how do
you might get a photo that's attached to
photo somewhere else as well right and
then the start game there's will do five
rounds okay just I have no idea what I'm
doing I start game what do I start
if marki to mark where a dinosaur
what would their name be never have to
pick our favorite got this in the video
because it's a road way I had to be at
my favorite - yeah everyone has to pick
their favorite it shows you who she
picked
oh that's funny
that game was fun it's called psych and
it's one of Ellen's app games I don't
know if it is well she's in it and she's
reading me
bloody Yoshi's doing it all right yeah
who do you think was the best at that
game you were very good at writing the
fake answers I fell for you so many
times
oh you're so kid
we are now gonna sit down and watch
gonna come and sit in here yes please
we are gonna sit down and watch a film
called collateral Beauty I've already
seen it
collateral I've seen it already but I
thought it was absolutely amazing so and
the both of these two haven't seen it so
you guys ready we'll get off Instagram
watch a film
well well you'd like it
