good morning everybody well yes till the
morning you may notice I've actually
bothered with makeup today and I've
washed my hair are you happy about that
I don't smell like sweat anymore I think
we both just smell sweat a lot week
exactly the fact after we had a shower
you like I can smell Bo and I don't know
where it's coming from but it's not me
I've already had a shower not like well
it's not me mate I have no idea maybe it
was Nala could you change sweat tears
could you fit the room yeah hot it was
hot I didn't even finish blow-drying my
hair because it is too hot what that's
where we could go for food after it read
my stuff yeah yeah so myself and Harley
I'll let you go oh myself and Alfie are
heading into Brighton town centre we're
heading down towards the sea and we are
going to meet up with a viewer called
interfere all Tschida feeling that God
has nearly got swooped on the head by
seagull did you see that that was close
Sofia is an incredibly brave girl and
she's going through a really tough time
at moment she's from Australia and one
of the stops on her trip is Brighton
so we said we would meet her and we're
really excited about it
and we're going to play mini golf with
her we've done this many girls before
haven't we
his name was idea in mini golf once it
was yours
oh yeah it was lp's know they'll be
there but it's a good one although it is
so hot and we've just dropped Maya off
at Amanda's just because just because um
it's too hot for her to come with us and
it's almost too hot to beaver in the
house
so she's with buzz and as I left she
went if you've got sunscreen on and I
was like damn it I forgot to put it on
but we're not going to be too long
outside so hopefully we'll be ok back
down with me you pass those balls you
should be out for a couple of hours
exactly there's here the beautiful day
see Life Center we haven't been there in
a while we know that's better for a
rainy day I think we're heading there
now and I will update you in a bit I'm
calling a short short short short run I
will tell her today she's really not
happy about no I don't mind using my
camera at all it's just the fact you
like hmm I might look today oh yeah I'm
talking today I'd completely forgotten
we broke in today so lovely day I'll
corner I'll just blog on your camera
sharing sharing is caring
don't you know what we're here with the
fear how's it going so far
would you say I'll feed as good as we
thought it was going to be no I saw a
hole in one which I'm really happy about
oh it's my turn
sorry I'm like logging in
Oh after the complaint oh yeah happy
with us oh no it's not your lucky day
this is not my day oh it's that one
little hill wins that's what it is
your shop my shop
really that that will never the book
I like the Sun know start grew in debt
all the wind the wind let's blame the
wind come on you got this you've got
this one now what are you both going to
do now now whatever Alfie does you just
have to coffee or maybe not maybe not
hit it hard
I don't know how many short three one
I've lost count I actually have like
nine or something
Oh oh my god okay issues yeah you
positioned that really well
okay one Meg on the rock as well listen
we don't be sorry right I definitely
didn't think this was going to be the
hole that was the hardest
I feel like I can't turn off until you
get down I'm going to be so annoyed no
come on
oh and how many yeah there we go that's
perfect now you can get it in yeah I
don't even know how both of us so far
two beers lost a ball we have to go get
another one and we all got a hole-in-one
on the last one at the same time it was
so called practically else remember okay
we're going to get technical we had to
go another place educator yeah we're on
the last hole can he do it Oh a healthy
it must be the heat I was like going
through that I'll try to follow where it
is all right this is a hard one not lie
I feel like I might be one that takes a
long time
okay we've got to live up to this now
I'll be come on
I'm so excited to see who won who do we
think won I have no idea it was quite a
close call
he's the winner see we've added up all
the result yeah in last place with 59
yeah
Alfie yeah I've been a while cheering
now in so I say second place your first
place yes last place we're 52 is Zoey 55
oh I never win critical well done that
was so yeah we finished crazy golf can
you actually believe I won that I never
win anything and it was so close between
me and Sofia we basically aced it on the
way out we grabbed a slush puppy this
was two colors but it's now mixed into
this quite pretty
purple it was um it was pink and blue
now it's
people because that's our color mixing
words Zoe I never really know what to do
the / poppy though do you swallow the
ice or do you chew on the ice can I I
let me handle it
quite refreshing that way but I have to
chew the ice
I can't just swallow it
thank God it was so lovely to meet Sofia
she is the most gorgeous girl ever like
she's not only actually just so stunning
and she's just so lovely and she's so
inspiring you guys should check out her
she actually have a youtube where she
has filmed quite a lot of her cancer
journey so if you're interested in her
story then I'll leave a link in the
description box you can go and check it
out and you can follow her on Instagram
she was such a lovely ghost wanted to
like cuddle her forever and take her
home with me which I'm not sure her
parents move appreciated her parents are
also so lovely you know when you meet
someone parents and you're just like I
want to move to Australia I want you to
adopt me they were so lovely and they
are now off to New York which is
exciting but I did say they are so lucky
with this weather here in Brighton on
the seafront it is so unpredictable it
could either be like rain and wind or
Sun and they got the sunny option which
is so so good
so now we have to head back to go get
your laptop you about Sunderland now we
are about to head back to Amanda pick up
Nala upload our vlog because obviously
our internet is still awful at house and
yes what a really lovely afternoon
anyway if your baby afternoon yes
ten-to-one so it'd be afternoon
hmm Oh first-ever copies she lets head
oh thank heavens for aircon in a car so
we got back for mom and dad's van hour
ago maybe two hours ago
and got some sad news guys
little Pippen and the guinea pig has
them what they say like that huh was
dead he's passed away when we got home
here we don't really know why it wasn't
too good it was he just looked like he
was sleeping on his side I thought he
was asleep when I came in and I was like
oh he looks really like asleep and then
me now feel both is like that's nicely
it's because he wasn't asleep like he
normally does which is just like know
what I bet he was asleep it's like Karla
yeah quite flat when they sleep he was
asleep on his side like properly I
decide yeah so a.m. he what they weren't
too hot like a fence oh my god maybe he
overheated but they're inside there
inside guinea pig so I mean it it would
make sense if their hutch was outside in
direct sunlight but they were in the
coolest room of the house the water
bottle wasn't heart like yeah the cold
water they were in the show you know any
size just attack or I mean we don't want
to try and guess I know but I can't help
guessing I'm just like I wonder what was
wrong with him we didn't know that he
was fine this morning he was eating a
you were feeding him lion eating it
cause and everything this morning in
danger zone so much yeah but anyways
he's um he's no longer with us guys so
we've just we've just buried him mum and
mum came over and we put him in a little
box and we put lots of nice what's the
stuff called it all in the box just it's
like shredded paper like colored nice
little shredded Peter paper we dug a
hole in the garden and buried him so
trying to update you guys and we're
still gonna try it yeah he was three and
a half like I thought in my head like
guinea pigs live longer than that and I
guess sometimes they can but sometimes
miking like anything for four lasted
four years so
yeah maybe it was just his time Yeah
right it's not really sad there wasn't I
yeah of course you are yes super sad he
had a great night whilst he was here
doesn't matter how long he lived he had
a great life whilst he was here yeah the
biggest bloomin pen you can possibly get
hanging out with his brother all day and
hanging out with Nala so he had a good
time hanging out with Nala wasn't his
favorite it was he did like it he did he
was actually more adventuresome Pippin
whenever we got yeah I'm sorry the
person whenever we got them both out pip
him with the one that would would like
walk around party just is not yes he's
more just like scared of what's going on
but pip was the little adventurer he had
his little black bats about me but on
his ear and Nonna's blocking him I loved
him
he was just like fluffy and cute and
remember when he was in the shop I was
like I can't leave him and I we sat in
the car and I cried I didn't want to
leave them in a pet shop hmm mystery and
I was like Zoe we can't get we can't get
a guinea pig you like I'm not leaving
him so we went back and bought him but
we're not going to we're not going to
let this isn't a downer we don't want
anyone to be upset by it exactly you
have to celebrate the time that he was
here so we still wouldn't have a happy
uplifting positive fun rest of the day
but we try and have every single day and
that we just want to let you guys know
as soon as this happened plus I think
it's quite like after spending time with
Sophia this morning it's like you just
you take life as it comes every day do
you know what I mean no I can't can't
dwell on things in life you just have to
take every single day as an individual
day and make sure you haven't as much
fun and doing everything that you love
doing every single day and finding the
positivity in any situation there will
always be something positive yeah
and Sophia was the best example of that
ever it's morning everybody my god
amazing how it's like brewed up my dad
your life go anywhere Thursday Wednesday
Thursday May I just popped up with cats
rule because I'll be left the car and
I'm now heading into town to meet up
with so my role which you may have no
consider created on the fly out is
eyebrows right now
does anything for Pyro's I got even a
date I know so I need to get done
everything you guys don't mind these
kind of a jointed videos by the way like
it's very hard to hold a because such a
large portion where it's at
untangle tiny incorporate all your
lovely tweet about Pippen it was very
like really more like being will photo
crowded and oh my god well we'll splat I
feel human together now what you're my
back so do you be my my life Alfie just
be perfecto quite fun
mine grow really fast really long and
really no that's like really long now
you're often counting Aaron they're the
fleeting poppy visit quick so many in
there and I'm heading back to do more
unpacking okay maybe there so I will see
you later so this is a part of the house
that you guys have yet to see this is
the top floor which is essentially my
office because as you know or you may
not know actually if you watch out these
dogs his office is next door and my
office is at the top of the house
because I don't know I like working from
home and Alfie likes more of like a
separation so that he feels working at
home and then at work whereas I can hear
you hello
look I've managed to do all these and
whereas I like to work from home just
like straight up so I've been doing for
how many years I've been doing this now
seven eight a long long time basically
this room is just a load of cupboards
because I obviously have I'm very patchy
here I'm so Patrick I think it's because
I've been like holding bits of my eyes
and stuff whilst I have my browser but
this whole room is like cupboard space
for products as you guys know whenever I
release products I get some for myself
so that I can give some to friends and
family and basically give them to people
so I've been sorting that out might have
a lot look at this this is the Christmas
product from last year this is all the
lifestyle from last year
if you spot your favorite in here let me
know but obviously these were all kind
of
mitad so you won't find these again
anywhere now which is sad but thankfully
I have my own stash and then over here
these are like all the first kind of
products like these were all the
original range and these two bags and
then this was the tutti frutti range
which it's still one of my all-time
favorite scents you can still get this
the spritz with the little makeup bags
and the lip balms and this which is like
everyone saved but now we have this in
the original scent which I'm very happy
about and then down here is current
lifestyle so these candles are out
currently I think they've actually some
in Topshop which is cool and then the
diffusers I have I seem to have a lot of
the homemade treats diffuser so friends
family if any of your watching any
diffuser I have many of these to share
with you and then this is the classic
update so we have the bigger makeup into
the back the medium sized and then the
tiniest ones and the new bottles and the
scents and that's about as far as I've
got this is currently what's happening
but I have emptied this many boxes of
product so there you go and then
subscribe turning into like a bit of an
office tour but I feel I can't do a
proper office floor once I'm actually
finished all my office this is the room
with the desk basically at the moment
the desks are ridiculously big like I
don't enjoy this i but you could fit two
people at this desk it's like a dining
room table so I think we're either going
to like chop them and move the legs or
I'm going to have to sell these and buy
new ones because I cannot return them
and this was the chest that papi and
Shawn lent us and just more boxes so
yeah and this is my this is my pas desk
as well but this room I really want to
just feel like a nice space to work in
like
in our old office there was it was a
decent size but I was trying to store
all my beauty products all like my box
files and everything all in one room and
it just it wasn't like the nicest
environment to work in because it would
get messy really easily and I'm sort of
lesson that Connery worked very well in
math because this is kind of happily
describe his room I guess I call it the
meeting room I have a lot of meetings
and generally they would happen in our
house our kitchen table because that was
the only table that we had that meant
everyone can sit round it but then it
also meant that Alfie or anywhere else
that was round couldn't use the kitchen
for a kitchen so this is the room where
if I have my name around or there are a
few of us or even if some of my friends
come round and they want to work - this
is the room where I think we'll all work
like together basically so we've got
nice big table and then I think my
favorite thing ever is a hanging chair
this I'm just going to spend my life in
here we've got TVs like meetings storage
art shelves and then I think this is
also one of my favorite a little bit
this is for the coffee machine and the
mug these are all like and the same mugs
that I had downstairs that these are all
people that like work up work with me on
things so yeah that's their mugs and got
a new kettle and a coffee machine and
then I think I'm going to put a
microwave in here so that we can cook
food and are also have which I'm very
excited to get out although I don't know
where I'm going to put it I feel like in
here might be quite cool it's a little
pink fridge it's really cool it's kind
of like got retro vibe to it and then
the stairs that goes nowhere which I
really like me and Alfie used to joke
even when we first came to view this
house we were like
where do they go and we said that Toby
Toby the weird ghost in paranormal
activity
he lives up there that's where he lives
so every now and then you'll see me
certainly stairs with the door opened
trying away happy talents it's not
haunted this house is not haunted
okay what I hole look at this little
doggy she's got her harness on because
she's barking in the garden territorial
doggy
but me and Alfie are packing up a little
basket of goodies to send to Sofia which
is the lovely girl but we met yesterday
she's staying in London and we just
wanted to put together like a little
package to send to her just to say thank
you for the lovely morning we had and I
just just want to make her smile and I
just feel like this would be a really
nice thing to do
she really wanted to get some dum-dum
donuts but they were all sold out and
they weren't able to get any so we're
sending some of those to her hotel room
as well hopefully her and I family
really enjoy them as much as I do this
is everything we've got so far we have
our sugars okay this is a top secret but
Joe's already worn it Sofia
you are the first person to get one of
these they're not even on sale yet have
a Nazim I've never even try one on sorry
Alfie you were also the first person to
get this and then also I've popped loads
of so a lot beauty stuff and this is
full of it and then some likes notebooks
and also because she was vlogging
yesterday and her memory card got full
we thought it would be nice - oh my god
as we just put it - I hate that he just
scratched his fingers oh good ambitious
not like that okay gently scratch let me
show you them I think they know what you
knew on earth Oh horrible because she's
blogging her trips so we wanted to make
sure she had enough memory storage so
should we put this in mm okay
I'm excited I'm a cheeky lush haul so I
thought I would go through it all with
you on the cutter package dick Oh
right this is the only way I could do it
in here this is where I'm going to want
to cut them so people like smell thing
because it's so freakin hot oh this is
the sharp infected custard and it looks
like this it's quite small little thing
I think it's just as oil above the world
star
this is a double orbit of the eye and a
reason to be a make this your mantra
did it start again I think I can boil
you got a lot more slowly put this one
which has got a little bit of that this
one is for doing in science our soils
very pointed to that one and we have
this one which looks like a mini pumpkin
one from autumn and that is the cloak of
invisibility becomes bright or free
learning double white Allegheny the all
mouth thing I like to do with them - I
put it in the fridge so I'm going to eat
them
we have one of my all-time favorite bath
bomb sets fun love that one
Dear John Baba these are all like
smaller I thought this is the Dear John
so I've seen this the only really warm
up it's quite like mustard like a little
bit tobacco actually although from blood
running water and less murky better than
spicy flavor aroma through your head oh
I kind of like not got this one which is
things pick but them not so good
right ah roller marbling there's so many
parking cleanup it takes these because
the amount thing I probably left in like
a cadetship system I have pulled out all
packing peanuts and it's done like all
where it was Russia
this one is roller they see you roll in
when doctor to one bathroom on give away
another smell it smells like something
else in lush but I can't think what is
but every like that no this one's
nothing do if you are everything master
okay this one is called over and over
over and over just roll with it quite a
citrusy 109 be soundly I think it might
be golden slumbers as well because it is
full of lavender always a nice bedtime
I think it might happen from flexion
Marin this one oh my god that's mother
Christmas what a hell is that cinnamon
cinnamon use oil or if you want about
the smell like Christmas you want this
one
it's called metamorphosis it comes
larval at this okay yeah la vella oh
this smells credible that's like my
favorite one paper and lots of smell on
that one I feel like I must've had it
before
Sokol blah all our missing set this
could grass get tricky with bring green
lesurfr my honorary oil sandalwood oil
mmm that's not really great back cyan is
chilled - smells like play-doh oh my god
it has cotton candy in it I've just read
in the ingredients all that one's lovely
you learn your lack of reliance on
bombshell that's a nice light one for
summer I like that I'm reading on
Facebook here
this is his banger quite like a lush
smell but when you walk in the left shop
this is frozen yeah this is wherever
they love the smell is very fresh but it
was there make sure that look incorrect
this is the Supertramp crumbly bar what
they called follow up oh I don't know if
I love it or hate it it's a really life
interesting mouth that's so different
and why was expecting the little like
tagline it oh I would do it very woody
mmm Oh another real favorite this is
intergalactic quite like fractious koala
Comiskey dragons eggs classic safe going
that kind of reminds me of winters
Malabar how you do it yes
a few packs my package Dorota Dorota
packaging to package okay there you go
that is all my love that you can speed
up our fall in the border is my mini
love all nestled within this blog I feel
like oh I'm making peanut out we get
everywhere
