good morning good morning good morning
Marla Gibbs good morning mark
reporting good morning hey I'm actually
channeling my inner oh crap
well they say on my head I'm channeling
my inner love Island because they wear
these on love island was a little short
but like reppin oh god I've literally
got no Teddy's though it's really
squished bemmon so I'm currently making
breakfast for my guests
Oh we bought mark a watermelon yesterday
now this is like request buying some of
it such a diva like you know what I'm
not staying at your house unless you've
got a watermelon Jake what is pineapple
mango rabri jar great a love story
Bri I'm eating pizza get away
that's not healthy
look at all this wonderful fruit or
anything pizza Saru
so we've got your good leave like my
fave we've got some fruit and we have a
melon
one question happy mark is locally put
the camera oh my god is it right oh it
was fun fly yeah oh my god this would be
perfect for baking videos for net I won
okay you can go
I got wind of all I can do it oh my god
maybe don't you this seems that would be
wrong
how I come in is is you start from the
side stop in exactly half way and then
you slowly turn around until you meet
the other slip Wow eleven you know all
right
so type one of these two have anything
above it yeah I don't know white women
is a replacement uh-oh
oh my god four up five name it I would
love to do what other people like top
five very mark moments are what is
within for sure the cruel Buffy because
that was such a like maintenance around
and day yeah and you would say like
happy about it I can still lick to your
face it was like pure joy
and after being on the floor okay Google
Rams Jan you're the name which why do
you watch I know about to use English
should do this route ha there's another
factor Oh Percy I'm leaving that in
procedure
she's not like that yeah um liquid up
star right I'll be I'm serious
right just because it's because I wanted
to show you what our fruit and yogurt
look like ah no there we go there's mine
mark sorry bashed it and then look this
is our watermelon my yoga this really
cute I didn't know if you would want
yogurt so I chopped up your fruit so you
can have it with granola or even with
yourself you're going do your thumb I'll
get out your bowl
no let me have some yogurt no stop
let me get some other friend or what I
love when I'll be finished mood we
really really do you ask you got some
yogurt or do a vanilla well I'm not sure
it's just I think anything I look okay
would you like some real Girt the
bungalow yoga yeah or do you know what
mrs. I what your car your cousin
otherwise yeah but I think you'll get no
no but you'll get yogurt yogurt what do
you say I said what no you left in the
bridge because that one else that's your
well I say that for like is its there's
some behind that little pop there's not
perfect casually eating my watermelon
and this oh my god you can't see it in
the camera why can't you see it because
the window oh my god why can't you see
it oh oh
that where did it go your bow what look
at it what is that
someone tell me what that is it's got
like a white strip on her do we are in
the garden playing with a football
I'll be sitting quite good oh so we lost
the ball but it's fun even though I suck
at it and right now this is what my foot
looks like look I'm all for
this has to name all right so now I'm
wearing a really big piece ah
Leticia Leticia what thank you
so we get your legs it still comes out
Polly is also here as well Holly shout
hello they are filling up the water
bombs oh my god have you got a lot you
can't throw it up yeah it's gonna pop
his net and then we're suing something
okay doesn't that look fun what do you
look worried
you can you look like you're from Long
Island now but do it nicely
don't do it hard or everyone's gonna see
one it okay
wow that's so cool Theresa marks leaving
oh why what'd you do this to me
something happened in there was
innovative oh my god Holly just
terrified hitting me again
I was very fat on our driveway what are
you doing oh I thought you were just
kind of into a little ball don't think
that huh yeah bring it back I hate it
yeah we got corn and some bees perfect
I'll see you then bring oh thank you for
coming bring your speedos bring your
heart spring a Sun cream goodbye
Luffy whoa yes bring some cards and I
promise we'll table
have you ever played that game it's good
isn't it oh my gosh I'm almost named
that film do you know that film go
yeah like guide in the name oh my god
good morning everybody it is now what's
the day-to-day price Saturday as you can
see I've burnt yesterday and it is so
hot out I have barely breathe in this
room Oh me and Althea is desperate to go
and get a like big paddling pool like an
adult paddling pool so because it's so
hot and well we're not packing it's my
signals out in the garden but you do get
hot quite quickly and now that we have a
bigger garden we can get like a fun pool
so I've left a fee on that he's in
charge but I've just sprayed this all
over SPF 30 ecoluxe side body and it's
club Pina Colada submarine spray this
stuff is incredible I love it smells
really great make sure you're using SPF
that you don't have Bert it is like me
I've got all these beauty products that
I need to put into this so I thought we
could do that together because I know
you guys enjoy watching me put things
away and organize things another thing
you can I really enjoy watching my
little stuff as well so I need to work
out what I wanted to wear they are sort
of in bags like categories I think that
body lotion body scrubs and like washes
and some random like bath salts and
things throw in there as well so I need
to decide what I want to put in these
drawers because I had quite a lot of my
beauty products in these drawers in the
old house and it really worked
although I didn't have any shells and
now we've got shelves in this cabinet so
I would think I want to put most of the
skincare in the cabinet and then maybe
most of the like body care shower and
bath stuff in this but yeah that's what
I'm planning to do even though it's so
hot I would rather be outside
okay I put in the three bags that were
down there so we have shower washes and
I've got lots of like bath and Bodyworks
ones at the back which are a bit more
subtle and then we've got body scrub
body lotion like aa product both male
oils tea bags salt and like milk like
powdery love cookies first we'll then I
put any plans last night we used four
drawers so we do have quite a few left
to fill so I need to go and see what
come in girl she's thank you so I need
to go and see what and other products
I've got lying around I probably do have
quite a few found some what's in here
okay it's quite a mixture quite a lot of
like pumpkin e-liquid okay let's empty
this basket now Marla
look who's on FaceTime me hello I'm
showing very all the things bit before
and I've been given a card from clean oh
you're going to be parents
yay hope you don't man in case you
didn't know you'll have to go much
Louise's video or revamp my nose but yes
she is expecting child though he's being
one of the video editors - there's like
the announcement which was a trick
click fated and tricks you all and then
there's like an announcement and chump
is always in it good yeah and I like to
say what you just told me what what
gender is know that you told me the
gender oh yeah you can say that you know
that is so Louis just told me and I'm
very excited yes people that's going to
be confused because I'll be like still
12 weeks pregnant how could you possibly
know I had a I had a blood test it's not
from a scam yeah yeah so there we go
exciting scientists view of good forced
and clinically oh yeah I'm excited to
see that that was fun time my main
channel I think man I think I'm gonna
put all this boring to block my main
channel and playlist just keep them yeah
I do love I do love a good pregnancy
video I'm glad you've got frozen and
blogging if I was about to show I
thought of it okay cameras going away by
cut much later on in the evening now is
Nala and Alfie on his mission to get the
swimming pool has succeeded though it's
not quite as big as we wanted it to be
at the temporary this is the temporary
one because you can't buy the same day
massive ones as we placed an order
online we should do that though it's
also gasps don't you like wooden one
yeah this one I'm still so excited for
though oh Jesus
we're doing this by the way because
tomorrow is meant to be the hottest day
of the year so far so we were like well
it's going to be the hottest day of ESFR
we need something to cool down in
because our house also get except
ha the lens on this camera is really
grubby yay oh that's good morning
everyone it's the next day and this is
the pole we just got married if you
equip one of many reasons I wanted to
get this because if there's no and my
wife and this is the cutest thing I've
ever seen
I'm not going to let go over she loves
there I called you down a little bit as
well so she'll okay a little bit later
there have been many water fights many
sunbathing sessions we got pop mark
Alfie and Shawn who's covered in fluff I
put on a new hoodie and it just all five
awful be weird so now you have to dunk
three two one go Oh dived under is it
cold it's actually not that bad but it's
not is it mark your turn
in the morning are you learning to swim
Robbie waddles are you can actually swim
in it you could just come round in
circles for a bit of exercise
I'm not picking up all the boys in my
mouth all good that means they don't
have to save them out okay stick
something's happening
okay my ball
happy done you're gonna drop imagine if
I just jumped in with you
just the feet just to see you ready just
dunk off a in you're gonna go in as well
who are you doing
oh my gosh mom little bit later on now
oh my god my hair is like a raggedy and
in true when Mark comes to stay style
I'm going to run him a box so let's pick
what we want to put in I think maybe
just some Bob you could do some liquid
yoga although I don't know that makes
the balls I might be lost a our coconut
milk honey bar with one of those
Aramark
cube our favorite in the dark mark
favored in the dark they go through
those oils but I've already put bubbles
in that's better much more cozy yay
enjoy your bar or you get you a new
towel hang on
are they
I'm introducing the high voltage I think
you're gonna do um again I just yeah I
wish I would've I was freezing
look set up a water slide which is for
children aged 5 to 12 but who cares
right you're going to show them my
nipple fell off however it did there is
oh are you okay how's Mia looking
try it back but like you know light on
the trampoline you do that breaking the
egg see if you can go down it like this
so let you're always on your back maybe
not maybe not maybe not like yeah oh you
really gotta push yourself
but I've being Shawna here and they've
come via the shot because what we do in
Sean yeah we bought some little
disposable barbecues and the fridge is
full of barbeque goodies and look where
market look in your right now
Bree loved it I am most looking forward
to poppy and Sean going on the slide
it's so much fun how he just had its
first go on there did you guys get this
is a fiber sick really yeah you know
yeah I went down hard grandmaster i
digitally my mouth afterwards but then
the best thing is that that's like the
warm-up into the port you do that miss
cold and then you get appalling that one
gosh this really yeah and maybe there's
like the right way around yeah you did
like a little backwards egg thing yeah
we got wrong I thought I'd have to push
you but no be good I feel so happy right
now this is like perfect over there it's
a dream day yeah we were just saying how
lucky we are that we get to do this on a
Monday like it's not normal but we're
very lucky and we're taking full
advantage of the Sun and we should be
unpacking but it almost feels like we'll
look back on this time and be like why
didn't we make the most of the new house
the Sun when we had it instead of
unpacking boxes because we can unpack
boxes
whenever you're right now sure listen to
stuff - I think you're farting in their
last interview it's so warm isn't it
warm in there now your bum broke to slip
and slide
do you have my tape
no is it just that they're like really
sad about listen the slide
oh it's okay mark don't worry but I
think sea creatures because he wanted to
carry on train on it it was a lot of fun
actually
Alfie doesn't know yet it's broken so
I'll let you break the news
Alfie Mark's got something he needs to
tell you thanking you for remembering
your pal Oh remember how much I loved
you and how much you love me why do you
love me
what have you done my fat ass kind of
broke the difference oh my god there's
gonna be a fire a fire only their fire
me a buyer
multicam multicam everybody just to let
you know in Bisbee two seconds
we've got more friends over now and
Shawn has started up the BB q look we've
got to bulk you I can't even tell you
how good it smells like smoke oh yeah
how good does it smell it's like the
smell of summer smells like beef
literally it's oh yeah I smell like me I
smell like me I'm going to tell that
these yeah you are
what are these ones lamb lamb yeah lamb
kebab and then that's chicken teriyaki
well not in the night wears on guy got
some nice sausages so it good I got it
all go so it got covered no worries how
much you love in today on a scale of 1
to 10 we turned over 10 1/10 of today's
been like the best day and I know I've
got like food auntie's notes gum yeah
today is honestly being like it's just
the best day like sometimes I watch back
the vlogs from last summer and I think
how can anything ever top those logs is
we had so much fun and we were like
chillin Bert
today's has been a topper it's hot then
this company good company good food good
weather oh and a lot of water this is
it's been really fun and I feel like I
haven't really vlogs much but I've been
like so in the moment I haven't really
thought about picking up my camera much
which i think is a good sign and also
you may notice this is like the fourth
clip where I still haven't brushed my
hair and I'm still putting up in a
topknot
and I haven't won any makeup but that's
just because the weather's been so nice
I've just been getting in and out of the
pool and not sorting my hair out so it's
going all like wavy I will wash my hair
tomorrow okay but for now it's fine can
you use properly much have you come to a
trampoline without me well I'm coming on
