good morning everybody I had the best
night's sleep ever so good knowledge Inc
cry last night so you managed to sleep
all through the night but I'm just going
to do a little tidy up and then we're
going to do her breakfast and then we're
gonna have a freezer open all night
good go oh
hmm so for breakfast I have gone for
Madagascan vanilla yogurt which is like
my ultimate faith from Waitrose I think
MNS do one as well which is like
Westcountry
vanilla yogurt and that's also very
great and then I popped some mango
pineapple strawberry and raspberry on
the top
oh and Alfie also made some apple juice
with some ice hello so I want to go
around my sunglasses I have them out a
minute ago I've no idea where why why
did I put them going for you saw me put
them down I put them in here isn't it a
lovely morning no sitting with us taught
me Sony's on on your pajamas we've been
like beyond fortunate with the weather
yeah I really have when we do get it
like this yeah it's beautiful it's the
perfect day for my mum to come and visit
as well I'm so happy it's sunny when she
likes the house it's Joe comic I feel
like Joe might be coming I don't know I
need to speak to her let's eat breakfast
I'm still in my pajamas
but I've been editing at my vlog and I'm
authorized and he bought an abundance to
produce house vodka is as old as me
really I'm so cute can i oh thank you
did you grow these wow this is the
biggest carrot I ever I've ever seen no
need to push me little I'm Karen oh god
I look like mutant shrimp don't they do
they taste nice and yummy dude happy
some massive these are unearthly overall
things the difference between a runner
bean and abroad beamed run of beans a
long and narrow and youths recipes are
used to get the beans out of it Japanese
village fun and some parsley and basil
and I bought some mint yesterday which
is perfect we can put them in there but
my buzzer plants actually struggling
because it's so warm in here so it wilts
every day so oh yeah I know
and then mum also brought some lilies
and then we've just had a delivery from
Tanya and Jim so thank you guys look at
all these peonies and roses so pretty I
need to try and find some bars edges I'm
running out of bars because everyone's
getting us flowers you got one there
some in there some some there they do
but it's quite deep so I think we need
to stand them on something that's what
it's supposed to be for or you can fill
it with ice and stick drinks in it
there's a but I think we might need to
put something in it
I know it's lovely a love smell of basil
this whole kitchen smells quite
incredible right now miss man
ah Pippin they're eating the tendon
already hello
oh we didn't even make much mess hello
you're gonna go up the stairs what about
we put one of them upstairs
surely that what does it mean everything
they'll call each other like hey where
are you I'm upstairs come up I don't
think they realize they can go up
they'll find a way we'll come over later
and they'll be in the upstairs but yeah
let's put some fresh food what your
father says I feel like I need to give
them a little like new home card you
moved out present still haven't worked
out how to go upstairs yet but they're
happy in the downstairs it for now
lunch break me and mum have been up in
the wardrobe trying to sort out clothes
and now we've come out for a little
sandwich currently arranging key in this
cupboard also surprisingly I have no
ground coffee this is the only ground
coffee I own and this was from TK Maxx
last year obviously around autumn time
it's cinnamon hazelnut and it is insane
I had a couple of these they were really
cool so I'm going to go back in autumn
and see if they have any more but I've
arranged it so far with normal key Earl
Grey tea these are the ones my mum likes
Empress grade he bags from M&S then we
just got like peppermint and then some
tea parties and then more summery tea so
chocolate and mint Easter egg nests
pineapple sorbet one in a melon and then
my favorite which is these MS moroccan
mint
infusion then I've got some more kind of
festive keys have got spiced winter red
Christmas cake and snowball which is my
absolute fave and then all the loose
leaf teas and then just
one ground coffee and I need to get more
ground coffee I'm not actually much of a
coffee drinker so if you know of any
like lovely ground coffee that you can
put into one of these bad boys that
tastes absolutely delicious let me know
in the comments so I can get some for
any other like coffee lovers that might
come round but yeah I'm quite happy with
that my little piece - underneath the
coffee machine and we've now put the
toaster in because I was going to have
tomatoes on toast this morning and then
I remembered we didn't have a toaster Oh
what's going on here I like one bit of
hair that doesn't know which way he
wants to go oh that's really annoying it
doesn't really want to go that way but
you doesn't really want to go that way
Tina I've had a no makeup day today and
I actually feel quite good for it it's
been nice this out in the Sun get a
little bit as we can indeed and just not
bother with any makeup you also have
this bag of like dried food and sources
that I am about to put out now as well
cause I think I've killed my trusty
basil plant so this battle plant has
come with me from the other house and
I've had it for a really long time
because I'm kind of notorious notorious
I'm known for killing plants especially
herbes because they need lots of water
lemon and I could never keep one alive
and when I kept this alive poppy was
like oh my god you kept a bag on the
line I'm like yeah I know and now I
brought it here it doesn't look very
happy look at it I'm giving it a bit of
water but I don't feel like that's the
problem or maybe it is it does still
quite dry kale water again oh gosh I
think maybe it's just very hot so it's
like super thirsty but I will not let
this die we could look outside for some
bricks
tomorrow
that might work yeah mint sometimes I
just run my fingers on them hmm and the
basil
I love the smell of basil I mean she
feels yeah I love it it's like pizza
yeah
love it look at that there we go I mean
it should be like all coming at the top
but we'll find something tomorrow
nah look who's finally asleep she's been
running around the garden all day
hello you sleep in in time for bed you
know we don't need to turn all the
lights off down here terminal upstairs
yeah no no no that's been asleep we've
just all had dinner mum's going up for a
shower I've been building Tourmaline
Alphaeus been building a trampoline
biggest company in the world
yeah I'm excited to have a little goal
now it's done can you see the stars here
maybe it's not dark enough all your
blonde is coming through that sample in
I like it you can see it all like on
your head oh my dear how do you feel my
head thank you Sarah life as we all know
around bones I just showed i'll see
their breakfast draw that i've done with
all the t's i haven't shown these guys
it finished now this is it morning maybe
I'll show them now they're not going to
want to wait till morning I know what I
like work no that's me so I finished the
draw data so we've got like breakfast
spreads and things coffee capsules in
this Mooji draw which is the coffee
machine hot chocolate coffees and then
the rest of the teeth I showed you yes
I'm very happy with that
come on family
go away can you actually imagine me
carrying it I mean I might be able to
end it controi finally stick me up you
can't hurt no Carol what did you can't
drag me off no idea yeah we happen to
hit you here into the kitchen I'm like
playing no no you go away come on happy
oh my god it is really nice is this the
vlog where you break my skull is that
copper to warn you about no so
uncomfortable other group right I'm
sorry
come on sorry what what do you think
you're so strong it was a sir no you
pick me up from your shoulder was laying
on the floor I know you are you just hit
me up with your shoulder while laying on
the floor
can you some ones wore this one
high-five or it's gonna do good morning
everybody it is now Thursday I didn't
vlog yesterday because me and my mum
basically were just unpacking boxes all
day and I just forgot to pick up my
camera so Thursday and today is marks
first visit to the house he's just had a
little tour around and it's just so
exciting to have him it feels weird for
him to be here is that about our old
house and I
he arrived this massive box oh you like
a little further
yeah oh my god boat marks bought this
for us and he text me a picture and
we're going to do like a little
housewarming shindig and he so it would
be a nice little thing to have her
people can write notes in there aren't
you cute
yeah very cool yeah birkhoff's kerbals
you have to make sure you're the first
one that right to know yeah for our
dreams
I think after what kind of in your
writing oh okay oh yeah you said there
do not read anyone elses by what you say
yeah right however you feel I feel for
cuddle ecology look there the Sun Sun
find a cloud also we just like these
windows man is so cool yeah we've
managed to open the windows and we're
very happy after this reminded me of
your goober yeah I'm so happy that like
so many people to find that but yeah
yeah you have a couple of silly girl no
you haven't you're not I guess it's no
good it's a guess I have this toilet
guestbook which one day I do need to
like do it show in a video because it is
hilarious hilarious is hilarious
everyone it's really funny
Joe's are like too graphic to show you
those are all the weirdest pictures so
you think oh no you can get this oh so
nice thank you
what is a red wine yeah no oh my god
that is why
you know oh my god I know tree Express
voice yeah no oh my goodness IQ my
father's delivery so when I run her up
and she know my camera girl and I said
sorry now it's gonna be a sensation me
is loving here right there yeah Oh God
she'll probably tried well I'm gonna do
a cheer like ready for oh oh no you're
fine hey she's gonna run away with it
she'll give it a nice run oh yeah bye
oh my god I know Buffy a licking novella
more an ally with me haha oh well we all
know what that's going to be I think may
I do I'm not sure I think they know yeah
well if there are three Edinburgh Jim Oh
even I might like that so Robin over
transferee is a lot of a yeah oh fuck
this is your Christmas Oh what is this
this is like ah oh you're not related
I'm not sure it's gonna be maybe time oh
my god yeah all crazy half of it like I
say look and then you put it out of shop
from the campus oh yeah
liven up your little natural French fear
that infused ground coffee I live in my
video I need more ground coffee oh oh
that's nice lightful all oh my god this
has got a lot of truth in it thank you
Mark
I love honeycomb Alfie can't handle this
texture of honeycomb oh that's one thing
we don't have in this house is any
chocolate really and any red wine yes
no that's good
that is good we won jet oh thank you so
much more and I thought you'd like
nothing well yeah put your boss bones in
there hmm actually guys would see now
I'm going to kill myself with that I
really hope you like them oh you're not
both deserve then why Jenna oh my
goodness
though there are almost going to love it
myself
yeah what are they glasses yeah yeah you
know I thought it was oh my god you look
okay good so we open it this way that
proves how much Zoe drinks alcohol she's
our nice candle holder I thought I
thought it was like that room diffuser
oh god yeah oh my gosh yeah we don't
have any like nice glasses like that I
love them I'm making some icy waters
with some sprigs of mint me and my mum
we're drinking me yesterday and I am
obsessed with them since cut even off
from Urban Outfitters and they're like
metal so they feel really cold when you
hold them which is so nice when it's so
hot out and also I don't know they keep
your drink colder but I also have which
I am obsessed with glass drawers look at
these two Renee how good about this
about what I just worry about that as
much as I what is that please I know
sorted like nobody Alfie what's fair is
it choc moose poo chocolate boots let me
spin chocolate is it's awful out okay
estimate yes to come decide yourself
okay thank you
just bite down lick it
that's just little bit of chocolate oh
come on need to wipe it Oh way to wipe
it so he said what are you Jesus right
there though I didn't come up I was like
ninja I don't want for myself day come
on we'd all like to know now market
everyone that comes in and over in and
out of our house quite a lot that own
mug for his mind there's a squeeze and
then this one's marks and he wants a cup
of tea well put a little tea bag in you
make him a cuppa eyes honestly a bucket
of key oh my god
no yeah Mark's told me that he's got
some new Sunny's and he doesn't know
what what I think of them I don't know
what I think of it I don't know what
you're thinking I said are they like
those really cool like been nineties
like rectangular ones on our learning
yeah oh no I like those oh yeah I really
like those you look so like snappy yeah
yeah oh sorry um hey sauce hello I mean
I should have known that oh cool I
should be like oh there's no I like them
I don't think many people look you stick
funny this is the first time I've ever
seen you in shorts mark hey something
just dropped on the end of my nose
probably sweat no I'm serious
it looks like a little seed or so maybe
I can fly pee can you get you all know
what you put on your finger
no don't doing at all it's okay uh-huh
once that's a good toilet on those on
the face you can Allah you know I
haven't ever seen you a shot
what I remember swim in an exam
aleksander house oh yeah yeah yeah I'm
having a bit of a like break from
unpacking today I think always like
we've had lots of like meetings this
morning and now I think the plan is just
to have fun because it's such lovely
weather almost seems a shame to be
inside all day so I think what we're
going to do is have a bit of a water
fight what if I buy Chinese you want to
go Bologna on
we know we need to is recognizance
Keaney oh you mean why not yeah please
do that that would be stolen Connie what
what's in in his belt and no top on no
very sure
hey are you calling you things about
it's our favorite oh you've slipped out
loud all right one ball yeah it said
what are you gonna wear that you know
avoid swimming shorts here you must do a
lot maybe in one of the boxes upstairs
all your wardrobe in the Reviver I can
just wear boxers we are now in Toys R Us
getting our water fight stuff look at me
both you've already filled the basket
I've just been on the phone to Joe and
I've turned around the corner and this
is what's going on
so more we got you on already though no
I want a big bad warrior
Joe said he wants one too don't you re
Joe we're getting a lot we look at this
one but got one of them did you get
these are what cool quite like these
little ones no it's all about the big
boys this one to snuff with it as well I
hope you've laying it all out making
over cup yeah yeah we've got this gun
well that looks amazing
oh no I don't want anything a bullet you
joking no that's what it's painful not
funny no not in that one I mean I just
don't like guerrilla and switch out or
this one yeah just water yeah yeah i
bruise very easily one of my legs not
even kidding
a shot for one no one oh my god that one
we need another one of these go for it
oh oh this is ridiculous
look at you all excited before spike
you're going to kick everyone's back I
just know
something we get out is funny oh I know
it's not it probably be really funny
tomorrow yeah morning thing yeah who the
hell it's just big have you ever seen
Skippy before Debbie is not wearing that
isn't it Barbie for me I love Barbie I
still love Bobby sing a little song yeah
I stopped just in time to vlog in them
we're coming to a trade to stock up on
some more food and also because we're
going to have a lovely dinner tonight
what do you fancy
what's wrong okay arms a little today
this is heavy over those watch out
you're going to get one nasal Nicky we
found in what you Alfie tyre is going
really bloggers real off yeah more yeah
an echo again no I'm gone out though I'm
getting my hair cut
no I love every morning on the noise
it's a game
oh no you can get me : not good not good
not good
how do you think not good okay okay okay
no get it I'll just make it up look at
look at Michael Michael no get that was
is macula MA Gigi you like it explain
what why we're saying this is playing
the English is one of the hardest now
you're saying I don't know if it is I
think it is that's what I've heard from
a lot of people in one of the hardest
languages to learn because we have
certain words well we'll use like a
sound in a word which as as its spelt it
looks at like a sign I Drive in a paper
no I'm trying to explain Camello paper
know the word where you might say like
yeah but we have dis expect oh you know
some of our folks are you know I'm
talking about like ways you pronounce
certain things in certain words know
like sometimes when you have like an a
in a word it sounds different but you
could be saying cat or like fart that a
sound is different to either be fact you
I me know because I know I do define it
doesn't work a anti-cat but the am far
is ah yeah I cycle your eyebrows because
doesn't all actually it's my god is
every day never that's wrong you know I
I can if there's an iron work at it be
caught which is that are like for I am
it that's why it's hard because they'll
look at a and go up know that then I
like oh okay I got you but that then
what I'm trying to bet on you oh my god
me oh my god you got me to get poor croc
Mark said he hate always funny I don't
think you know it's God knows I really
like that name
like quark scrot rural poor come on
you know I mean look there's a lot of
popular oh yeah yeah yeah my god that's
a great office yeah there's a lot like
no no no yeah you know can you know I'm
trying to think if I'm on top
trot trot box hot oh that's nice so
neither wise they'd even sell my words
anymore slot crock not no slot oh oh
grout raw not that you're right mark
there's a lot of Madrid who are on the
end these are the sorts of conversations
we have taught so something bad that's
my cue
I haven't talked to any talks why they
call TV taught TV be verification I left
on TV I'm a touch of reason touch dearly
dominance where the doctor tough giving
1 2 3 mahi Kazakh message doc your wall
ah fuck my cheek suck machine
I think mahi with a supernatural things
well top lucky day yeah when I see the
natural yeah so he says not mushy
cuisine project Annette suck magic magic
backpack always doing oh my gosh oh gosh
you just scared me right now I didn't
know what was going on you can't deny
planning you know lemon air he did not
know where he was going I admire you
guys just sucked in the home decor you
literally both went through nearly
something like a black hole I apologize
I apologize
I do not own oh my gosh when I get
scared I open anyone that man was come
closer my mark
he was really close you can say without
letting imagining at the clock
what we have done we cocked and open
visible lips you have to pull over into
the next available time they want just
driven off
this is like a crazy fuck pencil then my
hugs florentine start my genie got
buried in a line going on here what we
working my paper plate technique time
everyone's gone for sushi I don't think
there's enough sushi here for the four
of you isn't easy though Boyka like a
prawn dumpling like so nice a crafter or
uncle to use oh that was lovely a good
idea what we could always but picking
the middle with all balloons okay okay
let's play cats ah yeah basically we're
having a bit of a dilemma because we've
got back in the Sun is still out but if
it's not quite warm enough that I do
those tends to throw actually we just
like lying out on the plug rule in pros
are put apart from Sean although I have
put one there for you and poppy
it's just there's a bit of a breeze
which actually is lovely but it makes it
a bit cold to do up full-on water fight
we might have to do that tomorrow
well done Paul a day 10,000 steps in a
wheel I thought week added together is
not in a day goes do you know that yes I
mean there hold UT shout gonna hit your
chin oh why yes the neighbor
O'Keefe oh oh that sounded awfully close
you guys the point is I've ever found in
my life
what did you mean what did he do ah so
the guys are trying to build this
trampoline the alphas got this
oh you nearly got that one mark yeah
this is a good leg and arm workout Shawn
you inma
she get out of there
stop using McGraw so in yeah I'll just
keep it there you guys try and like
fiddle it to the Mike stop
I can't you're doing this like like time
depended on that but the end like it's
going to be the end of the world just
you know oh my god
see it was a three-person job oh my god
this is my sunny pastures oh okay you be
doing huh oh shit mark no it's okay Oh
get your plaster okay bye bye lights all
I feel like I should just help the last
little round I'll go and get your
plaster then okay yeah or do you want to
come inside and wash it
yeah I wash it now be back boys see now
is now or at all good I must uh we might
have to do a transfusion if you like not
your best mix it up you can pull it off
okay is so foul see how are you making
the net and it's hope can I touch my
toes mother God
whoa
oh yes there is a sound you make is
always like yeah listen to get winded
hello Owen are you a couple
she's licking me okay I'm relaxing my
face yeah my crotch is not really dry
mouth oh yeah
get out leave look at the sky it looks
crazy you can't really tell I swear on
these cameras it never looks as good
does it world that here chilling having
some deep chat
right going up to bed now
so let's say good night night and then
well until tomorrow and we're gonna have
a war to fight high five much fun
cheerio
my friend oh materialism up look I'm
cool looks like leggings uh-oh your name
blimey
nah are you tired oh no a good decent my
eye shot maybe I'm more tired than I
think oh I just love her she's not she
looks how I feel I wish I was asleep
right now she's like her head is proper
like flopped over me she's so chill Oh
good night everyone until tomorrow
yoga's whole
