well beautiful mornin good morning
everybody
oh it's like a disco up in here there
you go
I don't got any lip stuff on I just
realized my favorite one no lip stuff
because anything kiss me there's no
sticky oh my god I feel like I forgot
how to vlog it's been so glum in long
I'm gonna put some lip Ian oh I just
feel weird without it just donate good
to some nice kids
oh no I didn't get it yet it's amusing
for any reader wondering my Stila stay
all day liquid lipstick in the colour
Pilar which is actually my girl - no
it's like my go-to at the moment I love
this color I think I put it in a
favorites
yeah much better some good that taste
like ice cream
we're currently on our way over to poppy
and Shawn's it's Saturday it's the
weekend it's been a while since I
blogged and it will all make sense in
this vlog I promise it's really weird
because I love logging don't I when I do
it I absolutely love it don't do it or
you vlog every day for a week
yeah on or off and because we've been so
busy I have found it really hard to vlog
I had like some vlogging the like non
vlogs but yeah yeah vlogging bug you
know I kind of of all the time I had the
opposite of that and I felt really
unmotivated and my skin was really bad
and I went on this contraceptive pill
for Jasmine for my skin and just a hat
Oh Jason oh my god I thought I was gonna
have a one-way road for a minute all the
cars were facing me anymore
oh it made me so L I felt all all for
like a good week in fact for ten days I
felt like I was going to vomit at any
second and if any of you know me you
know that vomit is a fear of mine so to
feel like I was going to vomit at any
minute for a whole ten days wasn't
pleasant and I felt like I couldn't do
anything I'm worried about when I'm
going to get pregnant because feeling
nauseous
it's horrible Veronica is calling - I'm
going to be the worst pregnant woman in
the world unless you just get used to in
your like world you know what I'm
growing human so it's fine if you just
taking a contraceptive pill you feel
like that it's not worth it I stopped
taking it and I'm going to go back to
the doctor to get this one anyway decide
update you on that because I asked on
Twitter about it and a lot of you did
say yes it makes me feel surrender and I
was like so just like keep taking this
soy sauce but now I feel myself again
and I feel human and I feel happy and
it's a very exciting day should I say no
no no okay - are you gonna build a stand
or Dino's OLS don't skip the video what
end of the video please watch all the
video there's a lots more - today I've
got a runny nose hay fever everybody -
yes I guess it very mildly not like you
so we're going to probably insurance
because we need to become some camera
batteries because we need to vlog
because we don't have any feels like
we're on holiday doesn't know what we're
coming to get breakfast
Oh
the coffee's have been bought although I
got a chai latte which I'm still
obsessed with since the sub live shoots
really liked them we also got a ham and
cheese crock clumsier and ham and cheese
cross on oh it's a really hot day so
drinking a hot drink is like it feels
wrong so we've come to buy some bottles
of water but he also got an iced latte
I felt like I need to say like how are
you what have you been up to
have you had a nice may ever I thought
the time has gone so quickly this year
like how are we already halfway through
the year
it blows my mind also after taking the
Cheetos in the key or he hasn't but
there's no aircon and I'm like dying
right now I need to check my kind of
girl oh please let me know in the
comments what have you been getting up
to
I think exams started for some of you
because I remember seeing quite a few of
you on Twitter or trying to take this
cardigan off and I'm not doing it very
successfully I remember seeing a lot of
you on Twitter saying that you were
starting your exams and you were very
stressed so I hope those exams are going
well for you and you're not getting
yourself into too much of a tizzy okay
ah but all my batteries flushing good
job we got some new batteries there's me
thinking out a full camera battery but I
don't oh my god so we've got all the
water alike what massive yes got a long
day okay let's go I left his login
camera his mum's house so we are now
having to go back there to get it which
is not the direction we need to be going
in quite frankly we've got three denser
actions we need to go in and they're all
not in any similar direction to the
other ones it's okay they if we're not
under any time restraints we're all good
oh and so guys we are in a different
location now than the car a nice life
or more real if we are in it some guys
we are in a different location we're in
our new home and I don't I film this
clip so many times I don't know how to
say like we've moved house because there
are like I just said to Elsie this
hasn't fully I've not fully had this
thinking yet me a now if we haven't
moved anything in this is our first day
moving stuff into the house we've been
packing since February
we tried recited to do it ourselves
don't do that it takes so long it
consumes your life yeah and we've still
been trying to do other things and pack
but that's very difficult I hope sighs
wide has been a bit of a annul on your
vlog it's just so much more to pack and
to do things ever imagined like we
accumulated a lot of shite you know they
didn't ask that you like just don't
bother opening like the drawer
underneath your TV oh just please open
and go through it because when you move
you're going to regret that you never
went through that's two years as you
guys know my like environment and my
home is like probably one of the most
important things to me definitely
immersing water you feeling I and also
you know how much I love like interiors
and home stuff and so we have moved
house I think it's probably not going to
surprise a lot of people to be honest
but because obviously we share a lot our
lives with you guys we we thought we
would film surface wall I've scared the
crap out of me we're going to go don't
say we thought we would film our first
game this has been a real time-consuming
project but I honestly I set out on the
way here like I don't think I've ever
been as happy in my entire life good
it's just doing I'm so happy and I just
feel like the luckiest person in the
world obviously you do as well but I can
only really speak for how I feel right
now I'm really happy with logging this
because like there's a part of us that
was a bit like oh you know how much
doing do we really want to share I hope
is no thing I hope it doesn't come
across like like we're boasting or you
know we're so aware that we're in like
the luckiest position that we're able to
do this and we're so grateful we just
feel so happy and lucky and so excited
I'm happy that we're vlogging today as
like a first day and so we can like look
back at this yeah this is going to be
like the vlog like when I watch that all
the time the verb of that one we got
niala for the first day
yeah it's like those big milestones that
you sort of question whether you should
film or not but then when you do you're
so happy so yeah we've moved house and
we're happy about it we're still in
Brighton we haven't moved like to
Scotland or like anywhere crazy but um
this is a new exciting journey oh we can
jump back we have not really done and
one of our priorities are we go in there
we have a small replant look this is
only things we did in basically oh but
that's it on one box there's one box
over there that is actually a box my
office but that's the first box we
brought in and you'll see stuff over
time you see the houses out that long oh
yeah for sure right always either oh
yeah we haven't really know making up
anything
listen solution for every problem good
empty all right
smooth hi well call Weaver it looks like
I'm like a light strip like fun and
maybe it's like soft clothes I don't
know anyway eat and then we've got a lot
of unpacking to do don't smoke happy
also now I'm so happy opening the
conservatory door for the first time
okay I think I did it
my god
oh my gosh I had to take my t-shirt
because it's far too hot in here so do
excuse the fact I have these bins on my
bra it looks kind of weird but we've so
far managed to you unboxing or you're
packing what's that oh it'll be
plastered I'm moving again it's the
little fire thing the next to the fire
so far was in a coffee machine and the
most important me KitchenAid my glorious
complicated I keep missing this thing
I'm going to step out there because I
try to put the jars on the shelf and I
am far too small so a stepladder think
one of the builders left so I'm just
using that but I think I want to put the
KitchenAid here so these are all the
decisions I've been so excited to make
like where to put things
KitchenAid is in Wow Wow okay I'm moving
this thing moving it when I start
filming video on our channel it's song
hero and he made me why I didn't know it
oh we were like no are you after feel
love anything if you are we're the only
 ever met each other exactly yeah I
know okay so we have some garden
furniture that we are now trying to make
into a sofa
this looks so cozy happy so happy it's
just so big I'm glad we got the little
orange ones Alfie wasn't sure about the
orange right no lying down
come on me to cut all the labels off it
as well this is a jet which might find
some in Hoxton Oh No look who's arrived
to help although I definitely provide to
help with the first thing you've done in
layout on the outside furniture we're so
lucky that we got a nice day to move in
yeah where'd you plug in I'm not opening
I haven't
I know it's hammer Shawn and the
vlogging camera yeah I do
it is really weird having to like vlog
but also be like I've moved like this is
all very weird today but very exciting
and it's not just to show you these
place place my eye wanders into my eye
because they're really cute look they're
pink and there's Bucky but they're like
this what's this called like plasticy
rubbery silicon e-type fabric material
and then there's these ones which are
like grey I don't know I quite like them
I like that they're hex again but yeah
we're just unpacking these you can put
stuff away oh my god they're full of
static I'm going to get a shock look at
the boys carrying up all the boxes of
these clothes your name these aren't
even mine yeah you want to see what like
black boxes this is why not boxes
they're not mine - oh gosh
oh no this is quite the mess isn't it oh
okay if you're wondering where Nala is
by the way she is
Alfie's mums and she's got someone with
her aunt Bertha because I'm under a
nickel away this weekend otherwise they
would be helping too and they're really
sad that they're not here actually and
then my mum's coming next week so
there's a lot of us like go on Shaun was
healthy Oh Larry you don't touch the
walls that Hoover stays on here hmm
tired look at you having a little chill
the sun's gone in but it is still really
warm we keep losing poppy she'll just go
Luka and the reason the reason she's
doing this is because there were rabbits
in the garden all this one done they
want you here
so hey pop you wanted to take a picture
of the rabbit well we're all unboxing
the kitchen please rolling around on the
grass however if she actually want to
get harder something she just wanted to
do anything it wouldn't unboxing what's
wrong what are you stupid
oh because we've opened the doors for
fun there is a lot of flies oh visioned
oh yeah why this that's like something
from the ring I'll see this is this is
the old boy it's a really big fly I
can't get mark pick a box one no thing
about being lies are very dirty it is
legs of a finger no me your finger no
those are mate gonna go on they gonna do
that
no I reckon not on your arm okay I don't
think that's good a hassle it okay
Michael - she won't go em quick he's
going to fly all right I forgot why
that's a daddy no niggas flow everything
now take it far far away that's a B oh
no B is the same cheeky Instagram
stories in our new house I was on the
bed yeah leaking it early lick your
night look how lovely the cyanide a
little time lapse oh that my vlog you
can go check it out once we have the
clouds are moving really far subscribe
I know he can read Italian the camera
like that and that's our 18 miles long
and those at the motorway which motorway
the m1 the m25 actually m25 is quite
round me m1 very my hungry your nests
one insult your neck looks like they go
23 small for insta I'm sorry oh I'm so
tired
it didn't really sleep last night you
say you wish you had fish and chips
right now that would be good
come on alright we actually go in I am
so tired
you know we're at home hmm we're not
having our first night here tonight I'm
over I get back to the dog you'll be
tough yeah by the time this goes up we
will be just not right no I'll be like
myself here no more
I'll be sure to stay in forever no no no
Sean that magnet lab tomorrow if you're
Amsterdam log how many days is that
taking you to a deck seven whole seven
bitch left the way it's gonna be really
good it's gonna be really it's gonna be
better than this one better than that
Wow get that promotion I just remembered
I'm filming all this on our with camera
so you're gonna have to remind me - I'm
going to put this in my log you film it
for me no no I'm vlogging today I've
logged every single day go subscribe Oh
coffee you're bringing our fidgets
spinners on you I leaked our new merch
and the greatest or probably don't
fidget spinners I'm doing picket minute
I think he's called pointless so flunk
but I love it you're Lancelot muddy
buddy but my new channel point is brogue
snogs there's no different people review
them review review snuggles it is no yes
original yes knock you everyone Emma
Watson Taylor Swift starting zoella gosh
nobody's snug with you I'm not sure I
like this arrogant side of you Alfie
move out this is sufficient yeah what is
me house doing to you you think you're
all it you mangy dog side of the moment
you've changed get out
Jensen's when yesterday Charlotte I have
changed ratings yesterday oh my gosh can
we just cut your vlog yeah I just got
back to the donut time we've decided
we're going to go on a roll but they
just are so funny with these harnesses
we bought these from the God within the
last week and they look like they'd be
more easy to put on but they're just not
the dogs getting you excited
give me that one you have various see oh
my gosh you've done that that's easier
than trying to do it to buzz oh look
he's got eyes on you know get it done
boy sit down get believe okay what's
that
here's the hotel why again
fool nice night tonight did you do
parent but differently better buzzy I
could not a she's like your boy Duke
yeah okay who is ready for a is all that
working working walking thirsty work
Pisa see got back just in time for love
island now this is a TV series I have
never really properly watched before and
I did not get the hype so many people
were like oh my god love island is
amazing and I was like really I watched
a couple of episodes I didn't really
understand what it was about
I'm not too sure however I do love
reality TV shows like Big Brother
X on the beach Geordie Shore like
anything that's like that I love it
Alfie's like nodding like right this
isn't as bad as I thought and I was in a
meeting of the day and everyone was
talking about how good the first episode
of this was and they were like you will
love it you need to properly watch it
and they sort of explained how it worked
and so I came home and I watched it on
like catch-up and now I've been watching
it every single day and I love it it's
like really good guilty pleasure TV and
so we've got puck just in time so that's
what I'm doing now I'm gonna watch this
I'm probably going to edit this vlog
because I feel like I don't really know
how much a film today but it's been so
weird picking up my camera again after
what feels like so long so I hope I
haven't been too ropey and that you have
enjoyed it
update me with how you are what you're
up to whether or not you enjoyed the
vlog make sure you give it a thumbs up
and yeah I will see you again very very
soon
bah
