oh good morning I have washed and dried
my hair in preparation for a shoot today
that I have in a Russian studio which is
very excited about every now and that
it's really good to get some photos for
like a selection of things so if I've
got any product releases or any other
projects that I'm working on more than
likely they'll want kind of promotional
press sort of marketing images and
instead of shooting those with different
companies or the individual companies
that want to use the images I just pay
for a shoe and only images so I get a
bit more control over which ones are
used and who has what I just like to
have control people that's one thing
I've learned about business is take
control of your own stuff where you can
I'm very selective with who have them
where they end up and which one to use
more than likely are the ones that you
see kind of getting regurgitate it a lot
I don't know those and they're pretty
all oh god yeah it then also means that
it will be images I actually like runs
and one for someone else selected which
you could say is a bit controlling but
what is pictures of you I feel like
you're allowed to be a bit more like you
know you know what do you think I'm
going to get to shoot by our found a
little tripod you just have to put up
with seeing like this of me
that girl has the most incredible bum
I've ever seen I would show you by
filling that slide inappropriate I'm so
jealous of a bum I mean if you've got it
flaunt it
I wish I have that bum is that like a
weird compliment to give somebody though
imagine if I say you look great or is
that inappropriate I don't know it's
such a nice day I should cut the roof
off what the hell am i playing at what
are you doing Zoe this is the reason you
have a go-kart with a roof that comes
off this looks really funny look like a
Wallace & Gromit character cheese Gromit
this is the worst angle ever I'll see
you at the shoot I love you very much
peace out
a town
we're going to vlog quickly this is one
of my favorite look blue bar of this
little tough fun and these amazing model
all that Flavio at kelabra Flavio
provided a tie and we're doing some
shots on blue and yellow but people
could do this in their own room right
I've given away to secret but I actually
quite liked things in between both I
think it looks really cool with the
black cake anyway
this outfit is also a favorite of mine
beads are from River Island and then
we've got pinklet this shirt which is
like the best thing I've ever seen is
from Oliver boner and then this little
pink skirt was Topshop and then some
little blue van out you I love it
not what you have video fasting I know
it's what you par today when she's like
you've got my head aren't God how many
is that I right
that's what sauce about it yes okay I
could like see one right well happen 327
lat
I have to stop dying my roof I'm an item
have done me some space fun I love them
and although that doesn't it's still
very nice would you say this is a
millennial or 19 yes it's over than you
electro and then like I'm getting an
obsession for Domingo we all know I'm
gonna be an unhealthy option for
something right because any obsession I
have over the pressure
you
- is done and as you can see the last
look included some of my favs corkscrew
curls which I haven't done in a really
long time just going to take quite a
while and it's very famous sometimes I
do it and I think I look ridiculous when
you've got someone else doing it I think
you look so much better like a fluid
look I love it that your favorite I'm
making your favorite yeah
making Alfie pick his favorite look from
today let me know what your favorite
look from today was this is one of them
as well I would have jumped her Handy's
jeans but I think my battery was on its
way out by that point so we didn't film
it I've had a really fun day I'm now an
artist president with this one and this
one and this one
how's it going how's things are you bye
oh I've got myself a little line cool
trip taking me eyelashes off time to
party this morning everybody it's Friday
and Harry Styles has just released his
new single which I love I'm not gonna
lie I was a little bit nervous because I
love Harry I think he's great and I also
love his voice a lot well you both know
big guitar look at future video marks
here and Poppy's here and Alpha's here
and we're all going to head out to the
garden centre because I feel like it's
very nice on a sunny day to be in a
garden centre it's just one of the
nicest things ever and so we're gonna
hop in the car and go I kind of want to
go in the mini and have the roof down
but we will see this is what I'm
currently wearing actually and see can
you feel my outfit please you stealing
my glasses
I actually really like you not to wear
them I tell you now I can see properly
you can you're going to stretch them now
mine is small no it's not so got this
which was actually from the shoot
yesterday
Mario to report yeah yeah this is from
Thailand this is my ace stuff inside
and jacket and these trousers are from
Topshop which are basically wolves the
past three days because I love them so
much and then these shoes were kind of
given to me by the started yesterday I'm
either from all over Boehner and I
really like them you know the first time
third quarter as well yeah a little
bitty comfortable yeah but got like
you've got a big padding bit look at
that that's so comfy so that's my outfit
on my ray-bans how are you feeling right
Mariko yeah did get really really good
blew me away actually hold the lamps I
voted on boy today would you actually
get it not at all like in the blood
engine oh no I grow green eggs you like
lay them flat here
bloody moaning are you serious
you're learning can you've been to the
gym so how come he is yes I often take
my trip like something slightly under
surveillance
so it's Mela and you want to do you are
no I are you lying
you know you're popping I don't like
I'll change my pocket so hey Zoe
yes we're just going to have a little
day out I'm not sure where we're going
oh yeah yeah I'm just waiting
Millia imma be a are you like yeah I
want to come by the way live on
Instagram yeah why cause everywhere
which one do you want oh thanks AJ no
residual white are just close no angel
we're here we're here we're at the
covered in such huh exactly not like a
telephone the clear if we get out iLike
capturing the moment of joy on your face
as you walk into the garden and let
those communities their coffee and
Althea being really helped me but mark
myself okay I can never get you in we
are going again
I'm silent for that one or they don't
the one I use together what one is the
one you used to get listen I'd say V how
happier you know again I'll be birth too
long it has been so long we worked out
the last time we were here was November
I think it was November we didn't come
back into somebody's way it was pretty
when we were here yeah
and there was a produce bed in that
corner yeah yeah yum yum yum yum yum yum
yum yum yum we doing just clean the
table did you feel something
i'm-a-comin not sick I'll see what we
gonna do you open up your little bit of
we got you excited guys he peed on the
table I told him not to but prolong it
out Oh put that down for that bouncer
don't even joke about it actually Alex
messy what even if it sees look
incredible look Bakewell tart
strawberries and cream banana split
Neapolitan ice cream lemon meringue and
caramel custard oh wait this other one
tropical back carboys lemon cherry fufu
yeah marshmallow peanut butter bubble
gum candy floss arad strawberries black
bubble gum orange and pineapple
what Wow all those different selections
juicy fruit fresh air grass prayer gray
over ground ice cream I think I like the
standard easier and more logical
p√°ginas mini mood
come on this is looking spider local
where we did something on my neck I'm so
2 1
I'm gonna be Pittsburgh but imagine you
have a very pretty face okay I mean
you're foolish yeah then so this is my
plan I like again and I got no rooms
plant sweet pea and honeysuckle Oh
reminding when we get back but I've got
some sense that I was clearing out that
I thought you might like to smell before
I take them to charity shop how amazing
yeah that is really nice lovely
expression tall very nunny marks found
his ideal size to he cut it looks like
it's quite a bit like my wrist a little
bit
you did a good job of making it look
like I always see things perfectly
she's literally I could be like a little
heart looking great huh didn't the
action I said to mark but he appreciates
everything like there's nothing I could
get him that he would never appreciate
and I said what if I bought you one of
these statues to go in your bedroom
here's I mean they wouldn't go but I'd
find somewhere for it what about that
little Red Robin
what would you put that in your room
would you put it in your room me crash
are okay even crush the wish is for any
ways that used to is this a typical mark
and yet you did in primary to once yeah
Gandhi goes swimming no exercise and we
said how often he said I don't actually
my favorite things to do are swimming
and what was the other thing
coin series courting or my granola bar
how long's didn't you go swimming you
with that looking at me I would like to
be
you would like to be one you know if I
had to be one open away so yellow on
black one I would be that one that big
boy yeah yeah happy fish they've got
like big puppy - gee I love I can't I
see their scat we're looking at
somebody's brain but it was pros doing
it won't focus on that I know ago now
you can see them they got like puffy
puffed out puffy cheeks I love it it
mark at one with his crab friends what
you movements which are never absent
little bleep around hobby for a I didn't
actually get too much we just got
sharpies for signing more localized
posters and I think we're going to find
some calendars as well because we've
still got a few of those mastered I
thought it would be nice to play with
them so I'll be paying full the sharpies
and then we're headed home but what a
beautiful day I'm like you're right sort
of those oh alright you can say a then
yeah Alfie I just heard the ED one which
is a summer suspended day you know you
can
hahaha I ready to go home yeah no heard
about what would you like we saw a lot
pressure by it
oh no good
Oh
then let me go sable oh not mr. Trump I
show that no I don't think it
oh my hand is
every guy whether I went through all my
fragrance so I thought I had a little
sore out of all my fragrances and I put
them in a bag to go to charity and I was
like I know who I need to have a look
through that before it goes yeah marks
very very good I was perfect
don't worry mom okay let's get the party
started
Zoe know when you have some bonuses
really make you feel imagine your funny
bone or now looking your funny bone
we're looking for its album crying oh my
god
can you single
this is amazing
Oh God all right thanks for your time
yeah
hey man
Oh
okay
me
Oh
after that song and dance Alfie's back
easy in his dinner and yeah we've had
dinner as well and we're watching 13
reasons why which is a Netflix series
but I am loving it definitely is this
all program though that you have to
really pay attention to oh gosh
you have to really pay attention to it
because if you fall asleep you have to
watch the whole episode again because is
this it just there's too much in it it's
not a casual watching kind of program
but I really nice yet we're on Episode
five will Episode II you up to marks on
seven but he's rewatching love it cheery
Ola really oh
