get morning mother good morning Alfie
I'm going to vlog again today Oh cameras
in the way and I am still wearing what I
had on yesterday and I haven't washed my
hair in about a week because I am grubby
it's literally just because I haven't
unpacked any of my clothes yet so I had
like four outfits I have packed for last
week and I haven't got any others out
yet which i think is probably my
priority for today is to try and get
most of my clothes out so you'll have to
excuse me I want to go and get in the
bath but I have no we don't know where
any of our like shower stuff is yeah
because we've been staying out of mum
and dads so we've been using their
shower stuff and now last night was our
first night in the house and now me and
I'll feel like we want to wash I don't
know where the clothes or washing stuff
is a priority either way I really would
like to have a bath and I'm quite chilly
this morning it's been like the
loveliest weather whilst we were moving
all the boxes and like furniture which
we were so lucky for lucky for lucky
about looking for and now it's like a
cloudy day but apparently it's going to
be really lovely weather this week which
makes me so happy everyone came over
last night like poppy Shaun Amanda and
Nick and we had like our first little
like meal we had to fight nibbly with
because we have notice Austin's right
now that's one thing we need to go by
I'm Tommy and Shawn bought me the most
amazing flowers look at the V peony the
like the pinkest peonies I've ever seen
and one of spinnies daughters could go
horribly wrong look how pretty they are
and Shaun also made us a banana lace
which I'm not going to lie I have had a
slice off for breakfast
it was delicious Thank You Shawn he's
like the master of banana lo pop that oh
that's that flower there we go that'll
do I should probably put some water in
there to be honest I'm not sure why our
water is so cloudy like what is that
that's weird it's settling now but it
was like really cloudy also look there's
a B we need to save it
normal run on item on the wall that of
clothes don't stand on the B Nullah
I don't want her to eat it don't eat the
be no no oh gosh she's seen it okay come
on come on dick yeah I think you're
supposed to put some sugar water on a
spoon and then put it in front of the B
should we say to be okay let's go need
to be definitely a spiritual leader the
floss don't touch the beef be careful be
careful at law oh my god oh it's
stinging me I don't think it did
she she went down she went down to eat
it
I bloody knew she would do that stay
away from the B it attached itself to
her face that's like the weirdest thing
I've ever seen I'm not sure I want to
save this bitch just a catch my dog
cream oh my god it's drinking Alfie come
and look at this
how long do I have to hold this spoon
here for you okay Missy she's alright I
think that I think the bee just got
confused because you know when they're
all like drowsy and it just sort of what
it attached itself to Nala space that
was the weird thing
it hasn't stung although she's asleep
the or me and Nala a chilling we're
actually waiting for
Alka mom and dad to come because they're
coming around to help us today just with
some unpacking and stuff and we are
making up a new guinea pig cage a lot of
you are like we're the guinea pig which
is fair enough because I did forget to
say guinea pigs are also absolutely fine
they are am under a nix because we
bought a new Hut and we haven't had the
time to put it up yet so they're fine
they're in their temporary accommodation
until today
when we're going to build their hutch
and then we can go and get them and
bring them over I'm not sure they're
going to have the same Oh actually I
suppose they're moving into a completely
new cage so for them that is like moving
house but I'm not too sure they're going
to be that familiar with everything else
going on not like Nala anyway I'm
watching love Island I'm really enjoying
it I think I'm getting addicted to it if
I'm honest aha I think I scared her with
the bee is this a little bit much for
you I think she thinks that we're like
staying at someone's house or that were
in an air B&B because at new year we all
go and stay and like a house and we take
the dog so for them that's like their
holiday I think she thinks it's a bit
like that
she cried twice in the night as well she
was in our room but like in her bed in
our room and she cried and I just had to
lie in my bed ago it's okay Nala I'm
still here and then tremendously which
is quite cheap but I've had to put the
fire on because I'm actually quite cold
three it does make me cozy though
because I had a fire in my first lap
that I moved to in Brighton and I loved
it I love having a fire especially in
autumn winter having a fire makes like
all the difference so we actually have
quite a few now we've got this one which
i think is really crazy it does give off
heat but it um obviously not as like not
as much heat as like a log burner
because it's underneath the TV like
sighs a fire hazard in fact when I was
sat here watching this I was like I
wonder if it could all catch fire I'm
assuming not because I didn't install it
so it should be fine which reminds me
there was so many of you commenting like
I can't wait to see what you do to it at
Christmas I can already picture where
you're putting Christmas trees and I
just think are so funny because you all
know me so well because when we first
came to view this house I walked through
the door and I saw a spot that I was
like and I said oh my god a Christmas
tree would look amazing there and that
was the first thing I thought I'm
excited to be in this house for autumn
and winter
it still doesn't really feel real it
still feels like I'm staying in someone
else's house but gradually as we start
to move lots more of our things into it
it does start to feel like it's on I
guess it would just take time like to
get used to it but you Casey
this is my wig make you pay your was it
good mm-hmm Merkin humanities art man
not like that
I remember the noises I don't remember
their Amanda and Nick have just arrived
and look at the cars they got its got
like a monopoly House and hotel on it I
love it and she's also for some pretty
flowers
nothing a look at the dog
Nick above he's playing with the
football
oh yeah there's a rabbit down there I
think she's eating the poof you found
the rabbit hole Nala we found it I don't
think you'll be going down there any
time soon look at her looking for like
rabbit food she can smell them Oh Dora
Nana dip it in Percy's new house kindly
constructed by necks oh ah they can
unloved it still here still unpacking
all right I've managed to find the
shower box here it is the only problem
is I think we've had a leakage leakage
they're all know this is going to be
really messy
I am so tired and I still look like crap
I am gonna have one now so it's going to
be the first shower in the house that
I'm excited about the only thing is I
don't have any clothes that aren't
missed to change into and I would quite
like to find some that are we have some
clothes this is a jumpsuit this is a
whore maxi dress that will be good
okay I've managed to find an outfit I
mean it's slightly creased but it'll do
I think this is a Topshop top and then I
also found these like smartish trousers
that can go on the waist and then I also
found these pajamas which I packed for
when we moved into this house which
ironically is funny because our house
fills with B's because of the outside
garden so I feel like that's very
fitting I've also managed to find a
razor because I have not shaved my
armpits or my legs in like two weeks so
I'm going to go and have a shower huh
I really want you to be able to see what
I'm doing but I don't have any way of
like locking you up on my fist table
right now I'm not really going to bother
with too much makeup we're only going to
the supermarket so a little bit of
concealer a little bit of bare minerals
very little rules a little bit of
charlotte tilbury palette this is the
contour color tiny bit of blush and then
a little bit of the Estee Lauder bronze
goddess gold highlight because I'm
obsessed with this there we go mascara
using my trusty fave Maybelline lash
sensational a little bit on my bottom
lashes this is the pixie lower lash
mascara I was like what haven't I done
my eyebrows I'm still using this I think
I put this in my favorites this is the
Makeup Forever aqua brow oh it's so good
I just put a little bit on the back of
my hand and then I use my Mac to 6/6
angled brush put a little bit on there
I'm going to need a closer mirror for
this my favorite episode of the
Kardashians is on is the one where Khloe
and Kris T P is equal T P I don't know
we don't really do it in the UK but they
throw like please throw toilet paper all
over Kim sells I love it because Kris is
a wild one in this episode also guys
I've started watching Gilmore
gilmoregirls on Netflix and I heard
about it but I just never thought I
would be into it so I didn't start
watching it but quite a lot of people
who I know really really liked it so I
was like I'll give it a try
I just finished my I just finished
carniv√†le what series I finished by I
finished a series and I was like I need
something else I just kept aside one on
and I can see how so many of you are
obsessed with it it's like a really cozy
program and you know I like my Kodi
programs so yeah I think I am going to
become obsessed with that it's nice to
have a program that you can leave on
like in the background that doesn't
require like too much of your attention
and I feel like Gilmore Girls is one of
those it's like a cozy background
program so I've been watching that let
me know if there's anything else that
you have been enjoying watching recently
I've got I've got like shower gel over
everything not that I have any time
right now to be like obsessive TV
programs but whilst I'm unpacking I can
still have something on in the
background you know I hope these books
aren't going to be like too boring of
you I feel like they're not like I don't
have anything of like substance to film
apart from like unpacking like it's
quite difficult because it's like I
really want to vlog I'm so excited I'm
so happy and I've got like a new love of
life I don't really know what to film
this of any interest because I'm
essentially unpacking boxes and trying
to decide where thing flow and although
I personally quite like watching very
like organizational videos like I love
watching time lapses of people like
tidying and sorting I don't know where
things are going so if I was like
tidying it would kind of make sense
because I could just like time-lapse
that but but yeah
I hope our you are enjoying them I'm
really enjoying filming them I've also
been loving this I've meant to put this
in my favorites but I forgot it says a
big involved hair this is her Oda pass
on all it smells so great I really love
this I've been wearing this like every
day for the past like month there we go
and where's my lip color I'm in the mood
for a red lip red lip work so we've got
a red top on although this makeup look
is all of a sudden about to get very
vampy I was like well I'm not going to
put much makeup on the minute you put
red lip on and it kind of bumped it up a
bit
oh do you ever put on like a liquid
lipstick or something and it really
tickles your lip oh my God my lip is
really tickling and for any of you
wondering this is a huge a beauty liquid
matte lip color in heartbreaker I am
feeling a lot more human to a bit of
hairspray on good a bit of texture up in
here okay that's too much texture done I
am going to go downstairs I'm going to
turn off the Kardashians oh my god why
am I losing my voice all of a sudden her
cool well I'm still waiting for Alfie
who went to take back the removal man
why is my voice gone all of a sudden
what was I saying
waiting Alfie Hugh is taking back the
rental van that we use to move house and
then we're going to go food shopping and
it's going to be like the first big food
shop which I'm excited to do although I
have things like this but I want to fill
with things like ideally I want like
these four big ones to have cereal ends
we've already got some cocoa pod but I
do feel like we should have some Lucky
Charms up there but I don't know what
else to fill these jars with basically
we've got tea bags in ones maybe coffee
in the other
look this is all that's left of Sean's
banana bread thanks Sean it was
delicious
I might have to have another piece
because we have no food so the banana
bread is lots basically kept four of us
going all day we've come to Waitrose
Timmy so I didn't get stressed to give
yourself a going the wrong way right
once and getting annoyed I have this
thing where I don't really get stressed
too much I'm driving apart from if I am
in the wrong lane then you got the wrong
way but then every stresses me out
yeah like I can't handle going the wrong
way or being in wrong name really
stresses now anyway really Mouse and
it's gonna get Boop hey I've got no more
aggressive issues and I'm from the hips
I guess this is my new pet blogging
technique so is it very alien thank you
oh oh about to go down would you be
debugging yeah I get to do quick yeah
okay put my card in please take the
illuminate handset yay
we're we're all gun
we're getting back into the lift to go
up to the car park I'm so tired I'm just
going to curl up here come a little
bleep no traffic
that's means happy oh yeah
not strong enough or your camera's a bit
broken can you do that okay
please carry me no one it will not stop
if we drive no because no no the minute
there's a Tory thing over there was just
going to stop okay it might not stop if
you walk out the building I don't know
it's got bad boy
I really thought I was going to work it
happened to me once when I was with
Tanya what oh no it hasn't
yeah he is very I think that's so weird
it's just randomly stopped Gladio you're
strong
oh my god we tried to push it Rolly out
of them
we chose in like London yeah it's not oh
my god no you can't really move out I
just pick it up oh my gosh our car is
dirty so we need to get it all cleaned
oh my god it's quarter to nine
blimey the bloomin shop shuts in fifteen
minute all that nothing what did you do
I definitely our car was a source of hay
so we want to get some new alcohol for
the bar cart because all we have is gin
and you bought another gin well I bought
my favourite one that was a good hide
healthy time or wherever is Cicinho
you ready to pawn it oh yeah baby
you are where's my salami crazy thank
you for my salami what about your salami
yes you do everything
oh you had it in your bum hole I'd love
a shower
you can't I am oh you poor out yeah
what my indicator on behind I was
cooking dinner and look who's here
yeah I've decided to have a pickup this
which is a Moroccan thermos and mixed
packet our team and I'm having it with
smile or in my day they were asking my
papers but they've changes market
awesome
it could be a weird are you fighting
over bedroom nice if I know the option
close it was as I said as you get what
room we're having a greenhorn episode we
have two senators that both lovely
audience and they are the arraigned on
yours is the green or cream green washi
admit you're right down my neck your
eyes these next two attack lines I bet
there's a bloody grasshopper on the
barkoff pop out go on no just turn on
our backyard
one is been touch it no iPod I need to
capture Earth Oh Johnny come on
I know help get out knowledgeable pushy
it okay Gaggia yeah but them although
then what unless I'm making you do it
that's a really big pot my good job John
oh wait we're trying to get rid of this
grasshopper to fit in there when you put
it on doing like some shop oh no no no
no no owner is it doesn't fit very well
where is it
let me get you another fine
please happy living she's alive oh it's
fine he's in shock credit he murdered in
our Burien going given I'll give him a
funeral I'd you know what guys you could
have been dead before man
oh my god American Dad late night
overnight on itv2 I think she feels at
home now
my two favorite love island Anala three
favorite you know what it is he thinks
you're gonna put him in it Wow good
times
you have had a really lovely day and now
we are chillin we've like stopped up the
covers of food now which is good and
tomorrow we get the guinea pig which I'm
excited about and they're such as over
made my mum is coming tomorrow
potentially Joe is coming tomorrow I
think so I'm not sure but I'll let you
know
yay oh I am I'm sorry I love mine oh
thank you
and there's your food oh thank you what
is it
Oh what my god I'm leaving that in if
you just put that down on the rug take
them take that drink off the rug off a
star
that's disgusting what that's just
coloring remember no you didn't you
didn't actual fire I'm going to end this
vlog here because I'm really tired and
realistically I'm not going to remember
to do it when I actually go to bed so
thank you so much for watching today's
vlog give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed
it make sure to subscribe if you haven't
already and I love you very much and
I'll see you again very soon
say goodbye goodbye good night see you
soon
9 I say goodbye 9 and well good night
