hello everybody and welcome to another
weekly vlog type thing so for this
week's video I have something very
exciting to share with you and I thought
that I would do that first so that then
I don't have to like hide the rest of
what I'm doing for the week and you
don't have to like skip through the
video feels so weird saying out loud
because I've not been able to talk about
this since a long time basically I am
writing my first non-fiction book and I
am so excited about it it's a real like
passion project and I've never dipped my
toe into the world of nonfiction before
and it is quite different basically I
had this idea it was actually me and my
manager or friend Maddie she came to
stay like two years ago and I'd like
written her name on a chalkboard and
like made the bedroom nice and like put
bits out on a tray like all the little
things I always do when we have people
to stay and she was like I don't ever
think of things like this you need to
like write all these things down like in
a blog post or something and I think
yeah yeah I really should and then I was
just like why don't we do a book of all
my little like hostessing tips and
things I do for events and parties and
basically how I always go a little bit
OTT for everything that I either
celebrate myself or celebrate with other
people or for other people so then we
set about doing a book proposal and our
proposal is where you essentially write
an introduction and give publishers a
really good idea of the vibe of the book
and like your tone and your voice and
the things you want to talk about and
everything you want to include in it and
I wrote an introduction which was I
guess kind of like if you were to open
up a book
and read about what the whole book is
going to be about which I still need to
perfect for the actual book because I am
gonna take the introduction that I did
for the proposal and kind of tweak it a
little bit more and then you present
that proposal to different publishing
houses and see if any of them are
interested or if any of them want to
actually actually publish the book then
you have a series of like meetings with
the publishers that are interested and
then you just have to pick which you
feel you would work best with or that
could produce something that was most
along the lines of what you wanted it to
be so in this instance I am doing my
book with Hodder which I'm really
excited about I've never published a bit
with hata before Joe has and Lily
pebbles has just published or is
publishing a book with haja also and
both Joe and Lily have Briony as their
editor and she is also my editor you
will get to meet her actually in this
blog because she's coming for breakfast
tomorrow tomorrow is my first kind of
big deadline I've alway if you watch my
videos you know I've always been into
doing a little bit more and making an
occasion of everything I can and just
making people feel at home when they're
at my in my home so this book kind of
encompasses all of that it's all the
little extra touches that I sprinkle on
everything and it's how I host and throw
parties and like lots of little ideas
and bits and pieces for you to kind of
take on board if you so wish it's like
writing lots and lots and lots of
different blog posts about each season
and a particular event within that
season so I've really really enjoyed it
I do have quite a lot of different types
of footage although I wasn't filming
meetings when we were having these
meetings way way back so I don't have
any meeting footage but I do actually
have a one-second a day clip that I
filmed oh it was a really long time ago
when we had one
our first meetings about the book where
I had all my ideas and I was basically
sharing them with everybody saying you
know do you think this is a good idea
this was before I'd even done a proposal
so this was literally just these are my
ideas and you can actually hear me
saying what about the name cordially
invited which is the name of the book
because coming up with the name I always
think is the most exciting but also the
hardest thing because you want it to be
perfect and I'd come up with cordially
invited and I was like I just think you
know what an invite when it says you are
cordially invited to I want people to
feel that they're invited into like my
home and into the way I do things so
there is a little clip of that which I
will insert now and then the rest of the
time I have just been sat writing
basically so the next couple of clips
are over the last few weeks where I've
managed to kind of remember to get my
camera out and film a few time lapses
and other little kind of bits and pieces
so in a joy
you
good morning everybody I woke up early
this morning to come and work on my book
I have just finished my first
introduction which is for the season
spring which I was most excited to start
first because at the moment I'm really
excited for spring so I was like oh I
know that this is gonna be the first one
I'm gonna do I also wrote a little bit
on the event for my birthday which I'm
happy with this is my little spot I like
sitting at this window with my plant my
notes and just kind of watching the day
start I can't have any distractions so I
really like having noise in the
background I like to sleep but annoys
whenever I'm editing I like to have
something on in the background whenever
I'm working I like to have music on but
I really struggled to like get started
with this I think it was like the blank
page fear of I don't know how to do this
but no music no distractions I've done
it so now I've started now I've like
broken the seal I think I'm gonna be
okay
I have until the 19th of February to do
around 13,000 words which might not seem
like a lot to some of you but I also
have other things I'm doing as well so
I'm kind of having to try and fit in
like a couple of hours or a whole day
where I can where I literally just have
to sit and write so for the majority of
this vlog you will probably see me with
no makeup hair scraped back pajamas sigh
at this window or sat somewhere a whole
lot of writing time lapses but yeah I'm
just really excited to get all the words
down because they will just be like up
here or in a note form so now I can like
really pad them out which makes out a
thought
hello mommy are you in the car yeah I
always seem to ring you when you're in
the car so I'm writing my book just now
like I've done it I've done the intro
for spring and I've just started on
summer yeah and it reminded me because
in my initial meeting we were talking
about right now are we talking about
ideas one of the ideas I had which I
haven't actually run past you yet so I
was like all I need to do that otherwise
I'm gonna have to hand this in and I'm
not going to have those bits was that I
really wanted you to like add some like
mums tips all the way through it so any
any like hosting tips that you have or
things that you've given me so for
example whenever you say to me it's
always polite to bring something when
someone else is hosting just like little
things like that that we can put
throughout the book that's like mums tip
and then your tips does that sound good
yeah it doesn't have to be it doesn't
have to be like big chunks of text just
literally little yeah I feel like most
of my hostessing comes from you anyway
do you want to do that yeah all right
but don't feel like greedy pressured to
have like loads done just every now and
then if you think of one just like send
it to me and I can jot it down
thank you babe from currently writing
winter and alfie is being the ultimate
distraction why because you're
constantly trying to get my attention
sundown want some attention I'm letting
Zowie have the dream setup so much so
that she's got a laptop with cookies and
watch in whatever this even is Devil
Wears Prada no don't show them my sector
reason that how he doesn't want to turn
that bus no I got this out so that I can
just leave you to do your thing whilst I
gain no come on little screen here hey
this has been my Sunday I have written
nearly 3,000 words today give me some
you know once I finished winter I've
done all four seasons good morning
everybody
it is now February the 5th and it is a
Monday and I have been up here this
morning editing a video that's going
uploaded tonight of midmark but also
cracking on with more writing basically
I've done how many words we're done
today very much you know I've done 1300
words today I'm gonna keep going
I am currently writing the Easter
section which is actually a really hefty
section I did not realize there's so
much to discuss around Easter but there
is Alfie just swap back between in town
he brought me back a chai latte I'm not
going to attempt to lift it but a
patisserie Valerie cake these things are
my absolute favorite
so that is the writing fuel I needed
Thank You Elsie
another day in the writing time at my
deadline is fast approaching I am not
yet broken I have not yet been defeated
I still have a lot of words to go and I
have three days to write them
so goodbye weekend
hello but it's been really nice writing
this because it's things that I already
do and love doing and give people advice
on
anyway it's things I put into my vlogs
it's things that I've briefly touched on
in blog posts but now I can really get
into the nitty-gritty of them and I'm
thoroughly enjoying it every day I'm
writing on this I love it more and more
and it is one of those books that's
going to come to life when we start like
putting the images together and doing
all the photoshoot days but it is nice
writing all this like imagining the
imagery and the photos that will go
alongside it and kind of I don't know
like I'm such a creative person so
looking at the words is great and having
the words is great but because this book
is so heavily visual once we start doing
those photoshoot days and kind of
planning out the exact like photographs
we're going to take I think that's when
for me it will start to really come to
life hair is going up I'm like that girl
in Lemony Snicket she has to tie her
hair up
is it lemony snicket she tore her hair
up every time she has to cut like come
up with an idea I have to tie my hair up
every time I write I just need my hair
like out of my face and now a little go
it's now like oh just try to look for a
wash I don't want to watch on my wrist
in here no oh
5:09 and I've just given the dogs their
dinner which is why you can hear both of
them like gobbling away it's not my
favorite noise but they're happy myself
and Alfie are about to head to the
office to check up on its progress I'm
really excited to see it because there's
only about ten days left now until we
actually move into it well we've got
buzz by the way if you're wondering why
there's two dogs we didn't pick up a
puppy game okay down below I would have
loved that we have buzzy for the weekend
because I'm andranik have gone to London
for a little weekend getaway thank you
very much all the food bar do you need
to lick each other's balls just to make
sure
huzi buzzes tail is so funny
come here show them your tail when you
get excited yes
so funny some people think but this is
as a Wella foot map that you can
actually buy I just want to clarify it's
not it was made for the zone our
apartment two years ago and they let me
keep it that is a one-off special
although I do worry that people will
think that that's something that I
either made for myself and have in my
own house or that I actually sell both
of which aren't true although if you'd
like it though well I'm joking
I'm still writing dead yeah I was like
yeah oh my gosh you're not even ready
like it's nearly done literally done the
only thing is the furniture arrives next
week
Oh so we'll see the furniture then next
week but like what if you saw these
pictures yo show you me them I wanna I
wanna see when we get there don't you
feel like it it's gone really quickly I
mean it has
yes cordially invited my first
non-fiction book which is coming out
towards the end of the year in October
I'm beyond thrilled and beyond excited
and I really hope that you guys are
excited also there will be a link to
pre-order the book in the description so
make sure you check the description for
different places you can pre-order the
book signed or non signed I think
there'll be a couple of different
options down there so go and check that
out if you want to preorder oh my god so
exciting we also have some really cool
things lined up for around the release
and yeah dang it now that you have
watched all these book clips and you
know what the exciting news is I'm gonna
let the rest of the day
unfold and yeah enjoy the rest of the
vlog I thought it would be somewhat
interesting to show you the proposal
that we sent so this says cordially
invited a guide to making everyone feel
at home so it's lots of little pictures
of like things I've done before like the
picnic party and like baking and cheese
boards etc etc and then like my little
intro different ideas and things I would
love to put in there autumn a
particularly great one winter and then
you've got things like gift-giving gift
wrapping trim the tree seasonal
decorations hot drinks bonfire night
Christmas we've actually added loads
more to these now because this was just
an initial idea but yeah this is what we
sent over almost a year ago now just
change my outfit because as much as I
loved this it wasn't a very dog Wolpe
appropriate and we are about to take the
doggies on a walk walk
whose - your tail is the cutest thing I
ever did see
so now I put some jeans and a t-shirt oh
you're right I just want to be warm
basically why should I go for them a
cardi I'm just gonna go for a chunky
white keep me warm jumper is a rock okay
jumper I am so ready for spring although
I do love a jumper a lot who is he
for when he some socks I am ready for
the dog walk this coat is from and other
stories and I can never find the perfect
time to wear it it's a really like
interesting shape but I'm gonna wear it
out because I think I've got a wrong
neck on it sort of it looks better I
think
and a double pom-pom hat because it's
cold and I need to keep my ears warm why
is this zooming in weird out on a walk
and Buzz is refusing to walk forward
always go in Oh
Nala is obsessed with these little
rabbit mud piles it's nice out oh my god
Nala get away from the holes she's got
like rabbit mound mud all around her
face he won't walk if we don't come I'm
coming buzz fuzzy
I'm coming this ain't funny
we're now doing a little foot treatment
getting all the mud off the field
that's for little foot spa lookout
region they are in there though it's
warm you've got nice shiny clean feet
now yeah should we go get your dinner
chillin on the sofa we've got the fire
lips
Bridget Jones's baby which is a great
film
and these Maryland big and chunky would
you like one
starts tomorrow you've got till tonight
I'll be starting like his healthy
working out in the gym every day four
days a week all day Joey this is so
disgusting you would hate this I'm now
gonna go get my laptop and upload my
Amsterdam I'm loving your sitting right
now this is sums up me and Alfie doesn't
it there's like so many people walking
the red carpet like looking so glamorous
and me and I'll feel literally like this
watching on it I'm invited to go that's
what I mean that's Suns you suck this is
not my kind of thing I just don't like I
wouldn't like walking a red carpet I'm
not get to take in I even when we used
to go to premieres or never like I don't
not have my picture taken their stuff
would stay does this make you feel
I like dress I like dressing up I do
like wearing a suit Mia now for you're
literally like watching Saffy edits on
YouTube looking at how rank I look
what about the audio plane but we
haven't really got the decoder because
auto TV often either of us
Bob wasn't even watching it right in the
audio anyway you can hear me myself now
no you owe me a mess ah you're gonna
give me the sauce I'm going to the
BAFTAs I've changed my mind
bye I'm going to bed now
no I want to go to bed somebody
requested in the comments of my video
that they see Nala cuz she's not been in
any vlogs recently they miss you Nana
when she's in this mood it's my absolute
favorite you could literally wrap her up
in a blanket like a burrito baby and
leave her and she wouldn't do anything
she loves it boobies way doing getting
all your sick snippy's out on lies -
attack freezing nipples
no no canary kiss you thank you anyway
Nala do you want to end this vlog for me
I don't know where you're looking babes
are you looking at me or you looking to
the left or to the right take it back
now y'all slide
your eyes are so big and beautiful and a
little bit bulgy but that is why we love
you an exciting day I own ask my book
today Oh Alfie I can't not be farting in
my face in my book announcement anyway
from myself and Nala and farty Alfie I'm
gonna say good night here and are we
seeing it in the morning
good morning everybody and happy Monday
feels really weird because I was doing
so much work stuff through the weekend
it feels like it's a Wednesday or
something
is a Monday I am dressed I'm ready and
makeup because this morning I have Maddy
and briny who is my editor for cordially
invited coming over for breakfast which
will be really nice I also thought would
be a really good opportunity for you to
have a bit of an introduction to Briony
so I'll film it and maybe like ask her a
couple of questions that I think you
guys would want to ask I've been
preparing the breakfast this morning I
thought I would just do something quiet
kind of help yourself
so we have raspberries strawberries
blackberries blueberries I've got some
honey some Greek yogurt and then I have
these and some other pastry bits as well
a smoothie some glasses some milk and
two different types of granola be
slightly more unhealthy type and the
very healthy type so yeah I am now gonna
take all this upstairs and lay the table
I've already taken up some bowls and
some spoons so I just need to take this
back map table is all laid because we're
going to have a couple of questions I've
done some butter some jam and some
marmalade and a teeny pop of Nutella I'm
so hungry I cannot wait to eat this the
music we are listening to is the now and
then soundtrack I love it does anybody
else remember the film now and then I
watched it when I was a teen or like a
child and I just remember it being so
amazing watching it when I was younger
it's kind of like a coming-of-age type
film but if you haven't seen it you have
to watch it the soundtrack is amazing
the actresses are amazing the storyline
is amazing it's just one of those films
that I
always go back to and it always makes me
very happy
yeah I need my curse yeah
what could I must have something told
this is Briony
she is my editor explain Briony what it
is that you do as an editor so I am an
editor and a pastor I do two things i
commission books for publishing so
that's either receiving submissions or
approaching people and saying be
wonderful if you did this book and the
other part my job is working hands-on
with the author to edit the text to
generally put it to its paces from
cushioning to publication I don't have
you been an editor for oh well I've been
working in publishing over ten years do
you love me I do really love it is it
what you always wanted to do yeah
this is story for another time I did go
to university so I yeah I really wants
to do it and it took a while to kind of
get into where I am now but I love it
yeah I really love it
okay so Maddie's question who was your
first celebrity crush so this came up
last week we were trying to figure out
or remember here we have places on our
wall of a mine with Nick Carter
is like crouching on the floor with if
you were a Spice Girl which Spice Girl
would you be well the important question
is is it in demand or now I would say in
the band I think probably I would have
wanted to be Victoria she was the kind
of aloof one which is totally untrue
because I never would have been that
person as was probably one it's me Mel C
I think oh I would have loved to have
been Baby Spice yeah I was Jerry oh
really the most fun in my outgoing the
most feisty and sexy what is your
favorite book of all time
hey or a book that you've read more than
once I find that interesting okay I do
have a yeah so I really love she'll
stretch I was late here's over wild she
wrote a book called tiny beautiful
things I'm gonna have to order this now
it's like a binder of I guess what we
would call it a problem page if you
would right here with problems and she
danced there and every one of them it's
like Oh amazing
Carrie what is your favorite book did
you know I think I don't have to go oh I
see I've not read that either no I can
tell you how many times read it
what's your favorite book Mads I feel
like I like sensible answer is probably
much this cuz I do you absolutely yeah
but I feel like in reality
probably Harry Potter which Harry Potter
one though I really like but first I do
love the words yes I remember can
everyone let me know what your favorite
Harry Potter book and film is tell me
about coming to I know this story just
like let's move up six east of a king
trees oh yeah yeah and she said be away
with this
full of these treats no but also just
feel really natural I think I would love
to think that I'm that person but it
takes me like experts what did I think
everyone like I have friends about
yesterday and I was like just come quite
naturally which is different like
everyone can pause which is why the
crook is affecting everyone
yeah I think that's what the heart and
soul of the book is it but actually you
do this without thinking about even that
stories like I feel like the thing
that's voice to tell them things that
whenever I talk upset I'm always like
that is the thing that really makes me
understand everything
it's like necessities didn't like
staying around people's houses when
you're younger which is a feeling I
think so many people can relate to
yeah I really even know
so someone goes that extra mile because
they don't like oh that's really special
oh yeah those people's houses yeah I was
going to go into the
it's a mixture of different things what
do we put out to do you design w3 yeah
and we briefed them pseudo document I
would say here's the kind of idea of the
content and we don't give we don't come
into the move border and out we just say
yeah no exactly so they have a designer
with them look I'm quite keen eyes I
think this design isn't look but be like
I'm also gonna take that as an
inspiration but I'm not gonna use it as
yeah yeah this is really interesting
I think this is an amazing prize I think
I really like that's good I'm so excited
so there's definitely I could definitely
tweak some of it it's before yes I want
to get still I couldn't get my creative
slam to my writing style it's more like
more like you will need like trying to
get back is fine that's what the editing
process is sorted on this bed
best Asian terms of shoot will just be
kind of cracking nose every week that is
slightly terrifying how about we
separated into three parts
yes that's what we're just gonna go
through how many CDs are here for each
one it's pretty tight probably about 100
okay we're gonna go through 100 CDs
enjoy this time lapse
just come downstairs what is the time
736 we've had a whole day up in the
office but it's been so productive
I look she just said to the guys are
like we have got so much done today it's
in one of those days where I've had like
a rocket up my ass and I've just been
trying to take off as many things as
possible especially trying to catch up
after went Amsterdam so I feel so
productive and so much better like I've
kind of lined up all my ducks ready for
a new week which is good glow worm but
like a Firefly something just like
floating in the air what is that oh no
it's obviously a drone something is
flashing I don't know what it is it's
red and flashing it's a drone or its et
I'm just so happy I can now openly talk
about the book because as you would have
seen in those clips it's been like a
long time coming and I've been so good
at keeping it secret it's been quite
hard but I feel like now that you guys
know about it I can actually film more
of that process too so that's fun I am
now going to finish editing at my main
channel video for tonight and doing the
thumbnail and then I'm probably gonna
run myself a very deep bath and just
chill I really hope you guys are excited
about the book it's coming out on the
4th of October as I said a bit further
on in the vlog I'll leave the link for
all the places you can go and pre-order
it let me know if you're excited give
the video a thumbs up if you are and if
you enjoyed getting a little like sneaky
peek behind the scenes of what the
process has been like so far and I will
see you again very soon bye
