you
for everybody I am starting my blog in a
bathroom which actually fun fact I
bought this wallpaper I have this
wallpaper I was going to put it in my
dancers toilet and these are ports of
felt tips for people whenever they need
to lose to fill in the beat us but I
never did it I'm really sorry I never
did it but oh well I feel how I guess
I've still got it I just have my hair
and makeup done and we are on a shoot
today for the creative store and thug
life getting some pictures of us in the
merch for the website and stuff like
that I am looking light to loot and
because we had a spray tan yesterday I
slept in my face so I've got it on the
table lamp but hopefully I can just keep
my hands away because they're a little
bit or arms on my arms but so after
nothing baby
take mate came up sprayed us all
yesterday so I'm here with Joe and Alfie
sorry how it's look in a while and it
feels really weird like getting my
camera out but it's because I actually
haven't been very well like I don't
think he would have ever known because I
haven't really been online much and I
haven't mentioned anywhere but I had
this weird stomach thing and I don't
really know what happened but for like
six days
I did not feel right and I was like
really hired and my tummy felt so weird
but it seems to be going so I don't
really know what the issue was
we really know what the issue was but
I'm starting to feel a bit better now so
I'm getting my I'm getting my zoo back
it's weird it's like when I'm ill oh I'm
just not feeling it find it really hard
to vlog look at this article
Brett thread oh so good
don't these remind you of calendar girls
when they do here maybe the boobs
Oh Calendar Girls okay yeah no one will
know our peoples hand as well but we'll
streaky can because my burn you burn
when you went snowboarding so now the
fake can like coming off with the dead
skin with one yeah I think I'm up fast
right I'm not now your first what am I
wearing fur what do you want me in well
you should go to everyday haven't you
guys wear everything so ever you want
body might work in Eugene yeah oh yeah
we're not sure well Keesha spend every
day Monday no I'm gonna put my kids on
having zombies all been convicted or
sitting in law I am have a limitless
cheese or like a forest now Joe's turn
wrong she do his duck I just wish I got
McDougald yo which is Mobius leave me
alone
I'll get having his hair and makeup done
look at em over there yeah like a nice
t-shirt you got there this isn't great
my face as you know I like the way he
was not my favorite one see why it's my
fav you like the black and gray don't
you oh yeah I like the gray top ones
it's a gray one
and black one more to go other makeovers
Spidey
well is the face detection to make a
nice pastry channel
like what's your favorite
oh my favorite paper that's got to be
March right yeah everybody honey had a
mom no no I um everyone know your name
what was your favorite for the picture
to kind of website Joe's not even in it
oh yeah so even though I can't really
remember and that's quite an insult to
ban me and Dan are born on the same day
we're the same age born on the same day
I've also tried my first vanilla chai
latte eight and it's all good that it's
gonna now be my car I know I thought
this is going to be my meme laundering
obsession no very proper chocolate
Starbucks down very good
anyone clean up a pubic bush for
treating both the back if you didn't
know
we've got the white hug life t-shirt we
have the gray so glide t-shirt we have
the black circle Ike t-shirt and then we
have the hoodie a zip up hoodie and gray
which Joe is currently modeling - aware
ease on and then the cocky hoodie which
I pretty much live in and we've also got
the calendar and stickers and the phone
cases as well
so I'll leave a link in description box
I need to go in together
let me know if you order anything and
make sure to tweet me pictures and it's
ground attack me and go when you receive
your items because I love seeing you
guys wearing it and using their cigar
don't buy poison blog March it's all
about love life
honey lay it back on the lines I don't
care about the money keep wasting my
time and be slow it down baby
just get out of my way just look in my
place yes to me work it work it
look at it I'll be building out let me
yeah Mickey yeah it's just being a model
like that why is it like that
like white white great yes and you
little cactus we'll check this Peter I
like it
I said fun he paid me so much money to
eat tonight in my video you charged so
much but it was really worth it so
that's the low chroma
just in case you'll confuse which okay
you can just transfer that into my bank
account you can ask my PMS is preferable
me and Joe have now ventured into the
outside to shoot some more outside
lifestyle II pick and it's very cold and
Joe lucked out because he got the hoodie
and the t-shirt whereas I've just got
the t-shirt
yeah I brought it just in case but then
do you think it will look okay with us
both wearing it the same one you're
soaked
right I'm gonna put this down all going
on in here we've got games happening
Evan you bring a game to the photo shoot
yeah love it little chat alfie is
choosing in the list which I kind of
want to see get that job look at my dog
you are ridiculous Nana I know you can
see you'd like you're smiling from this
angle if actually you next day now I
didn't end my vlog but Joe and Alfie
pranked me while I slept down here on
the sofa or Java so you can look forward
to that myself and Joe have just filmed
what I can only describe as the most
exciting video I've ever filmed I
absolutely loved it it was so much fun
it was the video where we look through
all the childhood toys so that should be
coming this Sunday yes someday yeah this
one's a six-tier Sunday at 6 p.m.
be there or be nowhere so you summit
every look for you should not load me
and Joe are signing some sub like
posters this afternoon and it makes me
really happy that it's the same color as
it looks like it was part of the poster
yeah you'd rather believe it is actually
signle let's see these long time okay
Joe you need to slow down because as I'm
vlogging you're creating a pile where I
haven't signed them in you have a little
break your poo okay oh okay a lot to do
it's quite it's okay we'll get through
it well we can't keep them here for next
time you come yeah yeah really nice I
like these posters a lot a lot of people
buying on putting their frames I feel
like a fancy way of doing posters these
days it's a very sad like a bee vlog
isn't it got a lot they get six frames
as well yeah people don't really look
cherishing anyway
yeah they're reading equality really
remarked Watty anyway purple let me just
touch it I don't think she said I really
wish ya help the cost video from your
video this video is come to a town to
Sunday yeah I wish like I wanted people
like we look back through their what
stuff whatever I'd be like oh my god oh
oh
14k Joey Joe everything is always very
lots of things you don't think you don't
you actually imagine
no thank you anyway yeah this is a very
slug like heavy video also I did want to
quickly mention the t-shirt are
currently out stops because you guys
just went crazy when we restocked put
the t-shirts back in and they've gone
already but we all we've already put in
another order so by this time next week
or like the next week to ten days they
will be back in stock so that's the
white gray and black red like t-shirts
they will be coming back we've already
placed another order so don't worry if
it's one of those you're after you don't
have to wait too long for that to come
back in see ya there we go that's our
day I kind of want to take you upstairs
and show you the mess on the fair bed of
all the stuff that we've just don't show
is not trying me
turn that last one on - yes oh no no
that's not that's the last one in the
last one
cause the way make it good thug life
Oh looks like right now I'm so tired
well it is wholly good racket remove
squirrel anymore I just have broccoli in
my pasta and I saw buzzing I mean Joe
tried to leave without backup egg
northern I said hell no yogi those bags
take care - shoot I prove a point all I
all know it's the bed is covered in toys
exactly I can't use it poison me because
it's boggling that's it I'll just pack
them all up and educate the next time
everyone
or you can take gone and gun grab it so
the company's always gonna up all that
with all the rest okay okay quickly then
quick Joe he's waiting Kozue over
I'm coming okay look at this Joey's a
bit of a bobble there is no sweet pea
drew so no Yukon you're gonna break
something
oh hi Eva I just filmed watch me nothing
there's not really a portal guys this is
dummy Wonders today I will cause if I
can get this that was my buddy
Oh everything yeah okay nice to see yes
I'm very shy as always I've been very
productive
Oh what are you doing you spilling out
everywhere Oh in the vents
Oh looking good
would you do us the neighbors were they
have you got your phone yeah
okay well in your laptop yeah okay yeah
