good morning everybody today I thought I
was loved because I'm having a bit more
of like a working day I guess it's a
working day it's meeting what carry in
the back and Maddie's about to jump in
she's just parking her car on my drive
and I think the first thing we have on
the agenda is a competition winner
I still have this huge chin on my chin
this is not going away I've started to
sit with bags of peas on my chin I've
tried to do a hot compress it's not
going away and I'm not touching it I'm
not aggravate in it there's math and I
love your cape muddy you're like icing
in there I'm in the mini today which is
so much smaller than the Range Rovers at
any time I get up like Oh
first on the agenda is a competition
winner it was a super drug wasn't it the
competition yeah yeah we've got that and
it's going to be over afternoon tea
which we haven't done in a really long
time 2015 was the year of afternoon
change that you have which is gone last
year - what's that really nice hotel
where there's a pot of outside so
remember we did them last year like oh
we're going tummy's aleksander yeah yes
we did that we did do we did and that's
true okay and then after that we've got
a really long SOG product meeting which
is very exciting so I will bring you
along I'm not sure I can film but I'm
vlogging anyway we've arrived into the
room we've never had a meeting in this
room before it's very swanky look we've
got diamonds on the table are they real
diamonds I'm sure they are
oh yeah obviously every not some do I
like the mirror look at that maybe like
yeah and I'm going to walk around with
it
we've got afternoon tea and I'm here
with Emily are you having a nice day
Oh which Katy gonna try for I don't know
I've also not little I've forgotten what
she said they were this is banoffee yeah
salted caramel macaron yeah cream horn
that's a blackberry and something tall
yeah chocolate and
fie and mystics I come around but they
look so good but also which do you eat
first
do you eat the scones the sandwiches or
the cake
I normally do a sandwich and then it's
gone
and then yeah yeah and I've got Patman
key what tea did you go for got
breakfast too oh if I feel like I'll go
to the one I know that I think is over
it was so lovely to meet you yeah and
you oh my gosh enjoying a restaurant
brightened I enjoy your Kate she's
taking some away in a little box
thank you hey meetings about to start in
here in a bit but Kari has just been on
a dum-dum mission and I'm so excited
because this week I've wanted to pee
dum-dum so bad but it's half-term and
everyone's bringing all the dum-dums so
it's like shutting at 1 p.m. so if you
get there and they're gone they're gone
they don't restock them in the day so
like once they gone they're gone
so I'm just gonna oh my look at me but
we've gone for a big box we can all
share in the meeting
that's so good and why wrong you have to
have one you have to try
daddy was leaving done how many hours of
that I've been in there since half ten
missus and it's now five o'clock so yes
very long meeting very exciting lot to
discuss as always I can't share with you
what we talked about
but it was really good and very creative
which I like because happy by now I'm
quite creative person so meetings like
that like product meetings really
exciting we didn't need a doughnut we
didn't eat them this is like tripled in
size oh my god halfway through that
meeting I actually takes a picture of my
spot on my chin - Caroline hiren and I
was like what do I do with this she was
like that'll be ready by this evening I
was like great great ruin also I just
want to point out it's 5 p.m. and it's
still light bring on the frickin summer
and also the porter here is like my
favorite human in the world he's so
jolly I just want him to like get me out
of bed in the morning if you like well
it's not your day ok he kind of reminded
me of it mr. motivator like you miss is
really happy and like anyways going a
long day of clearly like gone crazy
I'm like verbal diarrhea ring of rooha
listen hey Pat hey I did have you been a
good girl today umekes yeah just got
back and I saw it smells like some kind
of food I know what kind of food I walk
in here and I thought I want this little
bag of nachos
cute and then
half a burrito shoved in a water jug but
why why does Alfie do day why is that
half a burrito on the coffee table like
this and also where is outfit why is
this Nala I don't understand
looks like some weird like art yeah I'm
not big in it not taking it like a crime
scene
where's outfit why is there a half-eaten
burrito why is it is the jug no no give
me the answers she's like I just want to
breed a fancy huggy
all right look going five inches Norma
you're going to get dizzy
what howling for your food you never see
your food all right
oh yeah I know yeah I'm vlogging today
we have returned from the hot yoga how
was it having an idea is really hard it
is really good I really I want one of
the back I bet thankfully showing me
some of the moves they did which is the
one the coffee leggy one my minute
yeah and then you're praying and then
pray you can cheer that's on push the
weight you laughing about this pre no
they doubt
all right yeah pray well then if you
praying but it's tough yeah ha
so I'm so good at it I know how he was a
failure as I said I'll do that one let
me remind you that riot icon come on I
just can't do it
some of them are good and some when the
border so that one way is wrap your leg
around she was like right we look around
the background over I caught what I like
and then there's like that thing will be
all like that did it like that about it
yeah I did
I'm time and they're like calm down
you're like I feel like anything I find
no help right now and then that no then
your arms have to be like subsonic right
now like this yeah but you're sharing
that is why just cause you haven't got
have enough arm and then and then wrap
your legs around right you're gonna see
let me try on a white bit huh you might
get to do that yeah and then wrap your
arm that one sizes yeah
and now Bend straight back like you're
sitting like your flight light you're
sliding down a wall for that yeah I
don't know what for at either that not
she said she had a 16 year old who is
our supermodel right on what one week
ago could only touch her knees bending
over within what week every day for six
seven up with hands down yeah that's
what I need to answer I want to do
he makes your muscles sidestep
everything I bought more careful when
you left like what yeah well one you can
do that one when you do it it pretty
eyes
I can do that what no wanted to me what
is this all stuff I can't do is gone
sick one
I can do you're roughing it my hands are
so sweaty I think my god okay wonder
what make your fur and now straightener
is locked
yeah that's not too bad that's good I
hope you better me well yeah you have to
get your distracted that's good you
should honestly some you should honestly
come I don't think I can cope with the
heat
you
what did you knock this morning Elfie I
don't know about some time lots of them
this morning
so whatever female yeah I discovered the
gun or just yeah you are dressed
no one wears shorts and whether my dear
I'm lying on your camera in it so I
can't
it's good truck wasn't happy last night
it was like I'll come I'll set my alarm
past 7:00 and I'll come down and I'll
help you tidy up from last night oh no
no no no you didn't tidy up I plugged
something last night I'm saying what you
said last night right yeah so I get up
my Alf which I did coming out me fat
yo-yo gap I get a text that you did wake
up a half past 7:00 I don't know that
7th yeah doesn't even earlier so I was
like I can't game night yeah we're both
a little few early glances excuses you
go home down at half seven no a mile on
went off it was already too late because
you were gone that doesn't mean anything
does no it doesn't it means moorland
boundary finds me and you helped idea
doesn't mean something baby so I left it
and waited for him to come down it was
just a lot later than its 24th my way
degrees yeah I'll be like how can I make
up to I was like you can do a tip run
when I came down a 20-pot line I've made
the bed I tied you to our food away from
yesterday from last night I did the
dishwasher with you not like it came
down and you done it all no but I was
gonna and then I was like actually are
do you know why I did it cuz I don't
know I'll feel so so bad if I do it all
myself well I didn't I left it
voila why is that you maybe be out you
need that right about to have time today
can't you give me a massage no she needs
it first why you come second
she's younger than you she needs that
she needs my sauce first thank you
looking at you this looks so weird it's
like my little baby no are you gonna
sleep
look at her little like gray hairs on
our chin oh I'm doing great
Evelyn I'm pretty sure I've got
gray hair
not on my chin no no not yet pretty good
no some did find a gray hair on my photo
shoot Joe yes you did just put it out
yeah I was like get it out right here
yeah I was like a short is not blond Sam
shoes out no not long I need to get my
brow God come on you need to do a tip
run sir I've got a dentist ring I'm so
jealous of my dog right now
you never massaged me like this how good
your hands no that was not far off okay
I wanna do my head ah-ha thank you thank
you
your heads are nearly the same size no
no no hey no no some other dog he does
not hit on my look at that you've
literally got a wet bit now get off no
I'm in the market does anyone else have
a pug or maybe French bulldogs do it too
and Bulldogs you say what see that thing
when they get annoying they go out Leno
I mean chocobar that's not healthy for
your breakfast but I'll help you come in
on Saturday Oh
I'll see you you're going to get makeup
all on earth for mood what even ordering
oh right color blue why what did I say
to you like two days ago
stop order it's after the house there's
too much yeah well done have you had
your breakfast I tried to do this to my
juice there's a left next to my bed
tasted sour and it is got that little
lumps net yeah no so I had one mouthful
and then realized that probably makes
penis out so I did agree yesterday look
lychee lumpy that's casting so try it no
brother no Lucy yeah well you should
change your channel to covered it
Cynthia hello Sylvia oh yeah she looks
fine because some of my products are now
available in target in the USA which I
am so excited about you can get the
mini-boss visit soap pop and the solid
fragrance in store and then you can
order the entire classic collection
online I am doing a little press message
to go to lot of lovely creators and my
friends over in the US and I do to be
decided to hand write every single one
so I think I've got 69 to do and this is
the book this is the wash of cards that
I am now about to fill out this could
take me a while but I do have a Nutella
cronut
keep me going
learn camera camera all of the press
what I called like press release I guess
but it's not really it's just a little
message from me to someone else so all
of those letters have been done it
actually took me not as long as I saw a
word which is good and try not to stand
on set of breath and so on set I am now
filming some video messages for some
winners of a we hotpot and WH Smith
competition which is very exciting so
I'm going to put the camera down and you
can watch that because I will no
doubtedly mess it up a million times I'm
really bad at recording like messages
and because I go and and I actually
think about what I'm going to say so I
also take three to having an unhappy
week when you need scissors to open
scissors this is so annoying
Wow probably also should have two hands
which I don't currently house because
I'm holding my camera there we go this
is the free today
oh no no look at fate of me you can see
me for this does not come up the steps
will walk so we just not honest I did
not
no excuses those like she just fired on
me a little bit bouquet I was recruiting
oh shut up
no you okay
is it because I need to Sonny
come on why do dogs do they did I walk
and you like put it on it ah
Dalbert good girl
little bit on you you can't let me thank
you
come on now that right why don't you let
me do it
look look look look oh goodness sake oh
yeah
off you go you wanna lead we're on our
walk and we found a green light and it's
so bright but it's the only place that's
actually lit because the rest of the
park is in darkness going it remembers
ooh look how creepy it looks down that
like who is that she a really nice
evening I'll be back on pokémons like
how has it happened he said something
about second generation but I don't know
what any of the second generation
Pokemon are I'm not a second generation
Pokemon kind of kid come on
good girl we've got her on the long lead
we're trying to get her recall better
because she's a serial sniffer so when
she goes to a tree start sniffing she
won't come away from it
it's got it look healthy as well now get
my mousy Kilmer's let's just finish
editing this vlog I'm realize I didn't
end it so I'm very sorry about that give
it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I'll see you again very soon
