good morning everybody and welcome to
the last vlog mass it's got birth day 24
let's turn the tree on Oh Oh dinner oh
I'm gonna miss this tree let's turn on
the fireplace
Dada as you're watching this I hope you
all had a really lovely Christmas Eve
because of course it's Christmas Day as
you're watching this which I always
forget because I don't know just do it's
only really well said I don't know when
I was looking through the TV times the
Radio Times I noticed that one of my
favorite programs was on really early I
bet I've missed it yeah I think I have
missed it no I literally just said to
alpha I was like what am i favorite
programs is gonna be on TV oh I don't
know anyway it's a it's a film called
Oliver the other reindeer and it's just
really cute and really Christmassy and
me and Joe used to watch it all the time
when we were younger so I was like I'm
gonna get up and I'm going to come
downstairs and have a drink and get some
breakfast and watch that last I edit but
I don't seem to see it so I have no idea
what channel that was on this morning
but I do think but I do think it was on
like really early like 6:00 a.m. early
I'm gonna check though I found it it was
on channel 4 it's so cute the reindeer
is drew Barrymore yay look Muppet
Christmas carols on at 5:50 I definitely
want to watch that
I finished my edit I'm so happy
but I'm also sad at the same time though
because it's like it's over do you know
what I mean another year over no you've
got this video that you're filming now
this is the last video I need to edit
but my main channel I've now finished it
was a really really funny video with Joe
I forgot how funny it was until I came
to edit it it was really good anyway um
as always the day is being sucked away
isn't it like how is it 20 past 11:00
I'm freaking out we have so much we have
to do today I still haven't even had
breakfast so I am gonna do that now I
think I'm going to try these because I
love shreddies and I noticed last
night's shopping they have honey ones
which I don't know how long they've had
those for but I've never tried them so
I'm gonna go for some honey shreddies
while I eat my cereal I am going to run
myself a little festive bar what am I
going to go for I think oh it's a
toss-up between the santur and the lush
PUD I'm going to go lush PUD
let's go magical Christmas because it's
Christmas
you want a few bubbles perfect
bingos the bath bomb yeah yay I love
this one it smells so good and it looks
so pretty huh I almost don't want to get
in because it's gonna ruin the colors
okay I'm a little bit more ready for the
day I've got my festive jumper on do you
know what I was thinking I'm gonna
really struggle to dress myself after
Christmas because it's been so easy just
throwing on Christmas jumpers I'm gonna
have to like relearn how to like style
myself
John you stir hills huh it's gonna be
easy
we're about to embark on the mission of
wrapping everyone's present because
guess what we left it good for a minute
oh well we left it so late but we're
still right on time yeah we don't need
to beat your mum's walk down time we do
actually for the church for I think or
for 30:41 okay we got three hours let's
do this and we need to give Nana a bar
oh my god we can do it
no we can do it we can do it we've got
three hours the whole I thought it was
sort of a clippie thing on your hand
nice I think it's in my bag one thing I
do really want to show you is this so
last year for the stockings that we all
have we put in like a massive candy cane
of jellybeans this year I've managed to
find six huge gingerbread men so we're
going to pop those into it yeah into
each stocking and now we're gonna let
the rapping commence should we put on a
Christmas film while we wrap and also
coming over someone you guys I think I'm
dying some Christmas music okay oh okay
oh shoot well that made me jump someone
was walking past it sounded like they
were in our driveway right well we still
got one present that we can't find and
I'm really sad about it well that's
right what we've got yeah
it's about what we've got and then we
will see if we have time to try not for
me and Alfie have a proper chain going
on
so alfie wraps them then he passes them
to me where in my little label and cute
strings section I then decorate them and
write the labels and so far I actually
think that this is making it go a lot
more smoothly don't you we're not
getting in each other's way we're not
fighting for the sticky tape so if you
need to wrap presents with your partner
do it this way it's so much better it's
so much easier and actually I do think
it's saving time because decorating it
and writing the labels if you're a bit
like me and you're a bit of a
perfectionist when it comes to
decorating presents does take a bit of
time these are the ones we've done so
far I'm really happy with them I'm
especially happy with this really furry
bow which alpha he's not so sure about
oh I like it
I'm not the most keen on that one oh
well I like it and yeah so that's what
we've done so far I haven't looked at
the time not gonna lie I don't wanna
stress myself out oh it's only half one
okay we're doing really good are we yeah
I think so
hold on you beasts are like can pass one
okay yeah good okay I'm happy with that
just wanted to quickly show you these
really lovely Christmas cards by my
friends company it's called the tuppence
collective there you go is that going to
focus there you go obviously these ones
are just Christmas cards but they have
like the most amazing prints you can get
like wrapping paper and obviously just
like all year round cards but I was just
about to start writing the cards and I
was like oh I love them so much so thank
you for sending me these Pete and I
think quite a lot of you guys will
really really like them
oh my god we did it haha yeah it didn't
that is a lot of presents that's - yours
I - morning yeah I haven't wrapped our
vision but I really like these these are
from M&S the little acorns how cute are
they anyway we need to pop all these in
a bag and then put them by the front
door in the car
yeah now in true Christmas tradition I
like to have a clean dog I don't know
why I just think it's nice I had to go
over all fresh and clean and if I'm
honest she doesn't smell the best you
don't smell the best come here come on
pick another bar I know you hate it so
much but we do need to give you a buff
Oh
I put out there on the floor
now I need to rap laughs yeah because
you know yes
cameras covered in water this is the
game we now have to play because she
doesn't like being dried with the towel
you literally have to pin her down and
rub her but she thinks it's playtime
shake shake shake this is soaking wet
ready yeah it's really good because it's
microfiber at radium yeah I think just
make sure she's clean so around her head
dry I mean not clean she's very clean
you're very clean I'm gonna give her a
dental stick so it's like she's got nice
clean teeth and finally we're ready to
hit the road you would think we were
literally leaving for like four weeks
judging by our car right now Missy's
going across
Christmas has officially started Mary he
think Papa gets excited on Christmas Eve
but here this one nothing nigger one
word papi days you cannot touch them
this one
you're allowed to put the big ones out
Oh Shawn no that's not no look at all
these presents that are already under
the tree it's actually ridiculous look
at Shawn's
Shawn I'm so impressed with your
wrapping did you try it yourself
we're now just sorting presents into the
stockings because me and a few have cut
our presence in them but these guys have
got theirs
whose is papi okay I think Bobby's just
one oh yeah it's got D on that Roger
story the doggies are going crazy
oh so we I like this wrapping paper Nick
I know like this is so funny here oh my
god
Jake all right I'm basically I left
Alfie stocking at home so we're gonna
have to get it on the way back from your
church Nick that one's next
all necks are quite heavy hoon Allah's
fan wanna brothers treat they're all the
stocking I'll do bowls
oh yeah ask Alfie about layers you want
a snowball fight
snowballs cool time to get ready for a
job who can think about it don't worry
what is dancing the loudest yeah me and
- hi - Nick an LP he's stand-in mine the
whole time literally I'm always like
Alfie I can't hear you Alfie I can't
hear you sing louder than their short
necks me go and let or
yeah it's a nice contrast my mum's that
how it is yeah
the manga really does sing quite loud
don't you I do get note you glare at me
for I thought I liked it I figure out
poppy things like opera
you can know what's wrong with it I mean
you probably can't wear the slippers do
you guys look at the table all ready for
when we get back
ah eat your spruce right we got get out
of here let's go bye buzzy walk into the
church oh oh
Merry Christmas we're in church now this
is the crib service Poppy's having a fun
time on snapchat
I'm just learning on the words good yeah
which is your favorite minds little
donkey ball so we three kings yeah
well that's a good one that's a big
cheering as well oh yeah Oh
I'm going to have to film in this really
awful down angle so I don't get like the
rest of the church in behind me like
everyone's like stuck behind us with
that quite close in front
what
me
we're back from the church now and it
always makes me feel so festive singing
those carols because it's the Carol that
I used to sing have I got red on my how
festive does that make you feel I think
that to be Chris yeah it's busy the dogs
are really excited I think they can tell
that Waring's idea I just keep looking
at these presents thinking there's no
way we're gonna get through these like
it's just ridiculous okay poppy and
Shawn are nipping out to go and see some
friends and drop some presents off
Alfie's gonna go and see his friend it's
all going on and I need to wrap your
presents I mean ah truff no hmm guess
what though we forgot Alfie stocking oh
 whatever person why he's going out
with one I feel like now it's Christmas
isn't this because of that it's like
unbelievable look was on the Muppet
Christmas Carol yay
finally we can watch it whilst watching
a Muppets Christmas Carol I have
successfully wrapped all of our peas
presents while he wasn't here literally
didn't I
Shawn was like why are you doing it so
far I so need I was trying to do it as
quickly as I could before Alfie got back
but I'm really happy with them I've gone
for green with her do not open until
December 20 fair okay oh no no open in
tonight what are you doing settin up
this huh sir Alfie bought an LED house
projector which outside in the front of
your house which I actually talked about
a couple of vlogs back saying it would
be so cool to have one on our house we
found one basically when we went to
Whitehall so now he's going to try and
set it up and put it outside
Nick and Amanda's house I'm really
intrigued to see if this works
a hundred percent I would have got
sunset face in it okay well soon see
but yeah very happy with all our fees
presents they don't really fit under the
tree but I'm gonna have to find
somewhere to shove them cuz they're
really in the way here look at this this
is a Jamie Oliver Turkey and leek pie is
it is that right oh yeah some mash oh my
goodness I can't even tell you how
amazing this smells
I love how everyone's like going to the
table me and you are like straight
they're always gonna be as Bulldog
package what have you got ah amazing Oh
what did you actually what did you
actually get one oh you got God
Oh Oh little pocket ah that's good what
have you got out oh you're right no this
is look think you Dillinger's you guys
let me say the other day use on the
touchscreen Oh
ah you control some really good little
lights not Jascha gonna be something
very nice that's a really cool cracker
prison my students oh my god
yeah but look what I got measuring
spoons Hey it's actually good okay I can
put them on my keys do you want the
money thing
look at this you could live with puppy
mill a puppy what you do with your arm
you're doing a mark hand this is for you
buzzy this is your Christmas Eve present
what is Z okay you get it good boy Oh
little helper sorry key and hi Gigi oh
oh oh look at that hot let's say Miss IQ
look what Amanda's made the world's
smallest
gin ginger garlic bread doesn't it like
a tiny little garlic bread Bunga looks
like the tiniest little garlic bread
forget you've ever seen
mom pop that back enjoy the other garlic
bread I guess a little mini scones but
it may be
Oh cute no jet taste my apartment today
tiny little mini garlic breads also look
at this me and Alfie bought this and I'm
gonna
you made back yeah here's one I made
earlier Christmas cake but look it's
kind of like calling the caterpillar so
you can slice through it that will be
delicious I'm not sure how easy it's
going to be to slice though with all the
chocolate on it no it's like nope it's
cake and so it's tradition with the
day's fam that we all get matching
Christmas Eve pajamas and me and Alfie
were in charge this year Oh Alf is just
getting dressed so let's not turn to the
mirror can see him um so these are the
boys ones which I think are amazing I
forgot how cool they were others so cool
oh my god a number okay and then also
because I'm like super organized I've
also got us slippers last year and
dressing gowns last year I did fight all
the boys zippers and dressing gowns and
then I left them in the shop after
paying for them you did I could bought
everything and then when I when we came
here Christmas I was like ah
these are long-sleeve that's so cool I
love them these are the dressing hours I
got these from Primark these are only 15
pounds how good is that 15 yeah yeah
okay I've got the pajamas lined up I got
these from next how cute are these um no
don't look poppy days okay and then
these are the pajamas I've gone for this
these are from Bowden how cute are they
okay I'm going to put mine on and then
we'll carry them down to the rest I've
got them on look how cute you can't
really see feel how soft this dressing
look at these yeah I love these this is
so soft and then look at the little
slippies okay now we need to take them
down I get everyone to close their eyes
okay
everybody close your eyes yeah got it
keep them close we're gonna figure
pajamas in your hands I love that's so
comfortable Darla giggle no John
well and a dressing gown is so comfy you
have to go and put them on top what what
you saying
what'd you say in all my lipsticks
worked on let me see my finger what no
way you think your dad yes that we've
always done it each other you go first
you are weird
wait Brett look at me
oh there we go don't look like there you
go we're gonna go click oh you shouldn't
do that yeah no I did yeah Yeti you have
to it's a sign of love if you don't do
it means you don't love it right well I
don't think any of them will click we're
just gonna keep trying then oh why did
you scare good night everyone
but I'm pom pom
look at this peach my little elf eat
peach you know I think you should do
what who agrees with me here Zoey should
do an upload for this channel the best
moments of vlogmas 2016 yeah my favorite
bit or just the funniest best bit
yeah I'll do that over new year or
something yeah wash me away yeah that's
a good idea I'll fade and then people
that are sad that vlogmas is over we'll
have that to watch Justin your best
moments of road map thing is your
favorite honest yeah so yes Christmas
Easter day comfy I love the joggers like
the long-sleeve yeah yeah so comfy I
might rock this everyday I reckon you
could I reckon they'd be the best in
summer or harlot peace much yeah wait
yes yes buffet there Sookie let me see
your feet I love it
so we're doing with some stocking
presents we're only doing one Sean we
didn't just no just one no world look at
Nala who's excited here yeah where's
mine destroyed about the floor where's
my stocking yours is the Elvis one cuz
we left your home we were funny all
right
the modern gourmet sees old oh oh lovely
Verbeck cookin love biggie
time yeah so sweet thank you guys it's
an embroidered sticker yeah yeah a giant
gingerbread man everyone's got one
yogi I feel it in my fingers that's a
lot that would be why did you go that's
your one stop it okay the more air you
feel my yeah as well okay this is Zoey's
Christmas present today
you ready yeah stress less stress you
like weights I calm my body breathing
out I smile
ethos in one sense I'll just stop
freaking out and live life to the full
oh that's nice that's really good Merry
Christmas everyone
oh so we've come to the end of LACMA can
we explain why during a very Christmasy
Oh Alfie had to get change because he's
going to the pub I didn't wonder get
changed I was actually gonna wear my
pajamas but I text my friend who's at
the pub already saying being serious can
I wear my pajamas and she texts back
like no no no no pyjamas
literally that's what she said so sorry
I'll get change but when he gets back
from the puppy is gonna face pajamas
Bethan mm-hmm I'd
it would be nice to end vlogmas with me
and Alfie oh my gosh Merry Christmas but
this is the end of vlogmas and I feel um
eyebrows stuck llama hat so tight oh
wait stop thank you so so so much for
all of your support throughout the month
and your likes and your comments and
just generally for being the best
viewers and you know much an engine in
it every day being part of our lives
yeah
I really hope you've enjoyed glug mess
if you want to say roundup video get the
videos okay if you want to see a little
round of all my favorite bits
I honestly genuinely hope you guys are
having or have had the best Christmas
ever
because as you're watching this well I
don't know at what point during the day
may watch this or maybe you've watched
this after Christmas day but either way
I really hope you guys had an amazing
day and I will see you in the new year
we'll see you in 2017 we'll see you next
year next year thank you so much guys
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and if you want me to do
vlogmas next year and i will see you
guys soon bye
