good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 23
very it's Christmas Eve Eve which
actually I think is one of the more
exciting days because personally as much
as I absolutely love Christmas Day
Christmas Eve is like the best day ever
because you're still so excited for
Christmas day and you're still like
preparing and doing all the like fun
bits that kind of involve
everything to do with Christmas but then
Christmas Eve Eve is like the excitement
of Christmas Eve do you know what I mean
do you know what I mean
I hear we should never mind never mind
Alfie time to go home today no no we're
actually going to be driving home for
Christmas can we listen to that turn it
up Dave I love Chris Ariya
question Karen driving home for
Christmas as you can see I spruce myself
up wash my hair wash my face done some
like Joshua basic makeup did I wash my
bum do you wash your bum when you have a
bath or a shower I'm horrible that is
disgusting Alfie I can only imagine all
your balls all right I have all the
ready
oh hey edited my vlog uploaded it done
the thumbnail and scheduled it because I
know that when we actually start like
driving home for Christmas Christmas um
it would reach four o'clock and then the
upload will need to go up so I still
need to schedule the tweets and I still
need to just quickly edit my main
channel video which is what I'm going to
do now but I have already packed so I'm
ready to go are you packed no no are you
joking acting like a lazy this morning
what time did you wake up no 7:00 a.m.
and then I'm so jog do you believe him
Nala no don't believe anything daddy
says second-to-last main channel video
is edited and scheduled I just said to
Alfie I only have three more videos to
edit out of 48 videos I have three left
so I have today's vlog to edit tomorrow
tomorrow's vlog to edit the night of
Christmas Eve and then one more main
Channel video and then I'm done
I really hope that you guys have enjoyed
vlog
and 24 days of some other let me know
which videos being your favorite and let
me know if you have enjoyed it because I
love doing it obviously it's very time
consuming but I absolutely know yeah
very time consuming but I absolutely
love it and I feel so proud that I've
done it again another year because
they're definitely have been times I'm
not gonna lie where I thought I can't do
it or I've been trying you know I've
been visiting people and I've been doing
so many other things this month I'm just
like I don't know how I've actually done
it I really don't yeah I'm actually
really proud of myself so even if
there's one of you that absolutely hated
it I loved it and I'm so proud that I've
done it I'm gonna say this now don't let
me do it next year I want to do vlogmas
um for sure because the vlogs are just
my favorite but I think putting the main
channel on top of that as well made it a
little bit more like time consuming and
although I really love it and I will for
sure be making lots of content on my
main channel next year um I actually
just run out you just end up running out
of ideas like there's only so many
Christmas videos you can really do but
I'm so pleased at them I'm so happy so
many of you have enjoyed it and yeah let
me know your favorites I just can't
believe another year has gone like it
feels like yesterday that I was wrapping
up last year's vlog mass but it was a
whole year ago like that's crazy
at least for those of you that are
really sad that vlog this is gonna be
over in two days you can think at least
it comes round quickly like before you
know it will be vlog miss 2017 and I'll
have a whole other ridiculously cute
weird intro why do you look like this
I'm a mean old lady's house potatoes it
into my garden passers-by don't want to
buy a potato I like your lamb's wool and
then throw I know it's nice it's very
crazy I cuz my bedroom summaries my
bedroom is freezing cold all the time
yeah cuz I'm the youngest you get the
knife among its rubbish room so I wrap
myself in this like this then get into
my duvet now I'm instantly warm then you
can't mom is very good at keeping you
warm
Oh baby Christmas card let me further
Winslow's lost his head can you get my
final on take a picture so alright there
Ralph just tidying up my mess
what's that Oh still like that let me
put your head down
you got it all I'm not got it always be
you gonna oh you go to you go go I got
one today anyway
it does it yeah you got it you got it
it's not blue jack you know you put that
bit on it yeah now you're my friend you
got it you got it oh yeah that is good
dude you okay you definitely Oh Joe just
squirted silly-string back the album
basically out we squared it all over Joe
this morning and Joe just got his own
back you ever get your own bar - hey why
did I oh hi there so you choose not now
darling no a deserter oh my god I said
love get you right back my driver
no no no say ciao copier just go Joe
come here
Joe come up to my house I think us I'm
filming yeah bottom corner are you
putting your own Jerry what we haven't
my drink on me a little spillage
I just wanted to say Merry Christmas why
this is funny an actually silly tree neo
like sketching out sassy right randomly
I just wanted to where is it what you
being arrested on Christmas I just
wanted to say happy Christmas why
Merry Christmas
I'm like crying with laughter we work in
a city street yeah we were gonna sleep
through you but we didn't but that was
actually funnier Oh
oh look at this picture I just found
guys this is how I used to put clips in
my hair I used to just do two at the
side like two little butterfly clips and
then my really thin spindly fringe which
has come down the middle also look I'm
wearing like a cross necklace but I'm
not religious so wonder where I got that
from
I think my nan gave it to me actually I
must have been about seven or eight in
this picture before leaving I've been
asked to go through this old jewelry box
if any of you have been reading my blog
for a while you may have seen oh
actually I think it was in the
background of quite a lot of my videos
it was this one and that's just said can
you go through that and tell me what you
want to keep from what you want to get
rid of oh what have I got in here this
has been in here a long time oh my god
do you remember when Jack got me that
okay so one of my old boyfriends got me
this trophy look
congratulations though so 1,000
followers yay that was a thousand
followers on my blog I remember that I
think this was part of my Alex hunter
mcqueen bag one member we call that ah
oh my god Leah Leah if you're watching
look it's that hippo you gave me I've
still got it my friend Leah from who I
met at Newark oh my god my old Instagram
case that's so funny
do you remember those pictures Joe yeah
mmm look at that I feel like all of this
can be thrown because this is just not I
remember getting there
I remember the PR sending me this I
don't think any of this is going to be
decent it's been in there a very long
time oh my god Viktor and Rolf is
victorious Oh No Victoria's Secret
bombshell oh I wonder what that smells
like I think I bought that when I went
to playlist explore dream discover I
remember that Frank agent
I remember this - this was so cute you
put your phone in it I don't think my
footing will fit in that now yeah it
would
no I don't think it will because it get
look it has to go through the mouth
oh and some Burt's Bees there you go
are you cooking up in there dad a little
toasty lunch with it
mmm can't wait I can't do next my neck
have a very Merry Christmas Joe why boys
wanted to say Merry Christmas kiss
marecus for these guys and this is the
last time we're gonna see Joan our for
Christmas
and this is your last floor no no your
last well no it's not tomorrow's my last
government listen greatly part of your
last vlog and your last video oh yeah
that's gonna be going up today at 6:00
p.m. a video with me and Joe where I
turn Joe into something very festive
which involves a lot cotton wool and
some minstrels yeah and a carrot for
Anna Kara on Joe's channel it involves
me and LC putting makeup on Joe's face
so it's 6 p.m. make sure you check out
Joe and mine and yeah Merry Christmas
Jay merry Christmas to one and all and
some of you know we haven't done what
we've not watch enough expresses how
were together this year
that is a very enjoy food issue no ruin
my Christmas is ruined we need to watch
that Alfie will you watch it with me
yeah what's your tonight can we actually
yeah okay yeah we can
mmm cheese toastie for the road or just
before we hit the road hey speaking of
hit the road hey please funny on the
first two the first two yeah we do a
sequel into a Nouveau
Thank You Denny who's Becerra
huh when's that coming actually hit the
road we did before hit the road why yeah
there wasn't a secret
your little liar oh I am come frosty
guys gimmick Samara oh bugger off go on
further ah baby head fine
Merry Christmas have a cracking one have
a cracking okay yeah bye dad thank you
good bye thank you and good night
Nullah sit down look I'm so jealous of
your comfy nurse for this journey right
good girl should we go home you've just
popped in to nan and grand dad's on the
way back and Nala is getting one of her
special treats from nan I've never seen
how goes so crazy for a treat look at
her she'd do anything you want to do
with those Europe oh yes good girl
Obama's by then we'll leave you here
bye Nana she's like no don't leave me
look at this picture of me and Joe that
why not on grandad oh gosh it's so cute
hi fine nicely nicely sit high-five
good yeah good good well are you sure
you can list that boy go on try it
how'd you do that see he's been going to
the gym low paid off okay right I'm
gonna take NOLA
we're home puppy we're home when I was
doing that drive I realized I'd done
that very drive six times this month
that's a lot of times that's a lot of
time to do that journey I think maybe
January I won't do as much driving
around why do my teeth look so white in
this car in this light Alfie's literally
run inside because he was about to pee
himself but we've ordered a Wagamama
which I've been craving I always crave
it after I've been down to work sure I
think is because I know I can't have it
so it's like the first thing I want when
I get back but now he's running for a
whiie not gonna lie
konna need away myself let's take you
inside take you far away I was like
what's it going to be like when we have
kids like we're so like like all
the way through the journey I'm like
it's not okay like getting Alfie to
check on her like check if she's asleep
or Miami is going to be low when we've
got kids like crying in the back and
also where would Nala go in the middle
looker she's so patient there he is
how you feeling now like 20 times better
a set from the all the cold water on me
oh yeah Alfie spilt water all over his
crotch fill my crotch oh no should I be
doing this in a video oh my god it's
cold
so imagine needing a toilet for like an
hour of a car journey was having cold
water on you whilst holding because you
can't put it down the bottle of water
explained why it went on you basically
told him one of these basically and I
was drinking out there and I dropped the
lid somewhere underneath the chair and I
couldn't find it so for the last hour of
a journey had to hold a bottle and then
at one minute put it on my lap I just
had it there I forgot that go spill
anyways when you change anyways let's
get out let's get this doggy out she's
getting annoyed happy puppy with food
and water although she did just run into
the glass door when she was outside I
think she thought the door was open if
she ran
you said bang like I think she's okay
she just no didn't realize the door and
shut behind her Alfie's now building
gnarley' stem back up that's one thing
that's quite annoying about when we go
away is having to take this down and put
it back up again every time we don't
know musical with us no tell me to help
you that's all right
I've missed our house is so cozy yes and
now we wait for the Wagamama huh what do
you mean yeah I told them already voted
a whacker not that that's gonna surprise
anyone oh look at that what a sight
what a sight to behold just wish it was
Christmas for longer than just one month
when the tree is looking at very sorry
for itself I have to say I think we need
to give it some more water
we've had dinner and I've just had to
film a quick video for the WH Smith book
club just one of the reviews of the
books and now we are chilling
although Alf I'm not gonna lie I'm
really tired I'm just wondering I just
wondering whether I should have a little
like power nap and then I know but I'm
just so I think oh I just can't retire I
know but we need to wrap presents yeah
can do it's my morning I need to edit
video tomorrow mornin oh gosh why don't
I play the buried one now I'll sort it
yeah maybe we should put my pets
Christmas Carol on now
oh I placed a cheeky little colt beauty
haul because I wanted to get some new
skin home order because I wanted to get
some new skin care for the new year and
this is some of the stuff I got this is
my favorite shampoo and conditioner
obviously I use that all the time this
just makes my hair so freakin soft I've
put
since so many favorites videos as well
that's the shampoo I got some of these
for me and papi I don't know if this is
a gimmick but they looked nice and I
want to sit in the hot tub over new year
of these on my eyes this which I said
I'd place another order of which I'm so
glad I did when I did because I run out
of it at my dad's so I'm very happy with
that
oh look at this little hand cream this
was a complete gimmick but I fell for it
because it just looked so cute and you
screw the lid off and the actual hand
cream smells like apples which is one of
my favorite scents ever I got this alpha
H clear skin blemish control gel this
was a freebie
I think it's a bath oil this was a
freebie as well oh I got these the Peter
Thomas Roth max complexion correction
pads just to give those a try I got
myself a Tasha Harper clarifying
moisturizer doesn't want to focus on the
camera but I really love this brand it's
a little bit more pricey but the
skincare is really lovely got this
moisturizer Peter Thomas Roth who I got
a Smith and Kohl eyeliner a stealer
eyeliner because whenever I do cat eye I
always struggle with the fact that the
line like the cat I flick disappears
before anything else so I'm on the hunt
for like the best liquid eyeliner ever
which is why I randomly bought those two
I got this one which is stealer again I
think a huge extreme lash mascara just
sounded quite good huge extreme lash
sounds up my street I got another one of
these which I put in my favorites which
is the Smith & Colt lash dance mascara I
got this Oda setae pure elements mint
and green tea hydro purifying treatment
mist this just sounded really lovely
oh I treated myself to quite a few is it
hooter
Judah who WT liquid Matt ah it's not
focusing liquid matte lipsticks I got
quite a few colors of those because they
looked quite good I got this which is
dr. Dennis gross purifying something
mask I can't read that
oh I am very excited about this one
Peter Thomas Roth pumpkin enzyme mask
like I love the packaging but also just
the fact that I think this does smell a
little bit like Christmassy and it has
some nice things in it that I was
excited to try so oops so yeah that was
my little cult beauty haul for you there
Oh a little shiny actually speaking of
skincare I might go and take my makeup
off and like properly get ready for bed
but by the sounds a bit we might be
having an early night anyway is it
really lame that early nights excite me
sure about that
so I've done all my skincare and I've
put some oil on and we are officially in
bed at half eight wait yep 8:37 we're in
bed isn't that crazy
this must be the earliest you've been to
bed in like ages I couldn't find muffets
Christmas Carol so apparently I have
every Christmas film ever made except
Muppets Christmas Carol which makes me
really sad because that is one of my
favorites so I don't really know what's
happened there but I do think it's on
tomorrow because I remember seeing it in
the TV Guide so instead if it's okay
with you Alfie we've got elf bit
different because I haven't seen Muppets
Christmas Carol this one I've seen them
you haven't seen them up it's Christmas
Carol hmm I dunno you must have and I've
also got Love Actually so we could put
that on after this one because we
haven't watched that yet this year do
you think I have seen mother's Christmas
girl yeah we've seen them all but I was
really disappointed I went to my DVD
stash and didn't have muffets Christmas
Carol I have a feeling I lent it to
somebody you know oh well
Alf it is yeah
