let's turn these up yeah this reminds me
so much of being in my old house when my
mum would put like lights up and down
the stairs and one we would come down in
the morning that they would be on and it
would be the only thing with odds I
always felt very Christmassy
oh no 20
you know if you've come down like two
parents to get our doggy huh
where are you need to one morning it's
morning
let's see if she's too tired to get out
oh oh good morning you're so excited to
go have fun at the gym
Alfie's got leggings on today I love
them I love them Oh
that'll keep you warm hello I know I'm
not ignoring you see you in a bit have
fun don't get too tall go and get the
toy which one is she gonna get yeah oh
this one the octopus or is that a squid
I don't know I think it's an octopus
it's so funny whenever Nala sleeps in
her pen she wakes up so much more
playful than if she sleeps on my bed
good girl
you onion let's turn on the kitchen tree
Dada
yay what I am so tempted to just keep
this up all year I just love it is it
obvious I am trying to dos up on vitamin
C so that I'm not ill for Christmas mmm
I just finished filming my last video
yay 24 videos have been filmed they've
not all been edited but they've all been
filmed so no more filming now until
January apart from obviously these logs
these will be still be coming until
Christmas Day but yeah how mad is that
another 24 days of zoella done not gonna
lie guys
it was hard work and I don't know that
I'll do it again
so please don't get your hopes up uh in
fact don't let me do it again because it
was quite stressful and I didn't think I
was going to get these last videos
finished because I've been feeling so
ill but thankfully I woke up this
morning when Alfie got for the gym and I
didn't feel as bad so I think whatever
it was I just sweated it out which is
gross and probably TMI but that's what
happened today I'm not too sure what our
plans are I do need to edit my vlog and
I need to edit my main channel video and
any other videos I can edit because I
would love to get those just kind of
done so I don't have to think about
editing anymore um and I think me and
Alfie are going to have a bit of a sort
out and wrap presents I basically took
all the presents that I've been hiding
up in the upstairs bit I brought them
all downstairs into the living room and
I've laid out all the wrapping paper all
the cute ribbon and I think we're going
to go to town but there are so many more
than I thought I think we may have got a
bit overboard on stocking fillers and
generally they're the ones that take the
longest to wrap so yeah that's what we
doing I just want to talk a little bit
about this which I think has transformed
my skin I don't know if you guys notice
but it's been really like clearing up I
know I still get the occasional blemish
but it is my time of the month so I
would normally have way more and I don't
know I just don't really like it's just
a lot clearer I have a few like red
marks from like old spots but it's
definitely clearing up and the only
thing I've been using that's different
is this this is a Sunday Riley Martian
mattifying melting water gel toner for
oily to acne prone skin so I've been
using this like once or twice a day
instantly transforms from a cooling gel
to a water toner as it clarifies removes
oil and visibly tightens pores for clear
matte skin I love it in fact I've just
gone on to cult Beauty and I've ordered
two of them because I don't want to run
out cross me
yeah so yeah I think this is what it is
I really like this size though this is
the sample size this is 50ml I bought
two 100 mil bottles but I might keep
this if I can put it into it I might not
be able to might have to throw it
because it's a really good travel size
oh well my little reindeer hello are you
my little reindeer I've taken off my
dark lip because I feel like it was
quite intense just for everyday put a
little bit of my Clarendon lip boy on my
trusty Karen's lip world Alfie's being
silly behind the camera tell them what
you're doing I'm getting changed just
taking off my gym leggings and putting
on some jeans look oh you're full of
static that's this t-shirt that yeah but
it's magic gym material
we're gonna go to M&S because i just
really want to go and I want to get
something why because we literally don't
need any food I want to get some lunch
and also some of those Christmas snacks
yeah well would you go to a supermarket
for lunch no I want to get starbuck
really well I felt like it was way later
than Axius although another another hour
has gone by since I last looked and I
don't really feel like I've done much in
that hour so let's get productive eyes I
feel so Christmassy today look at that
boy well he's lazy three dogs oh well
he's obviously a dog walker that's
amazing young entrepreneur literally
young boy just taken over so quark
unless that all his dogs know I feel so
Christmassy today do you I do I think
it's because everyone's finished working
or most people Affinia it's just like it
feels like a weekend and it feels like
Christmas is like
here now I don't know do we need to get
anything else to wrap presents maybe
some more wrapping paper actually maybe
I can get wrapping paper M&S that's
there's a place for you to get it from
and then a cheeky little starbucks did
did it I have been looking for these
everywhere they look amazing I can't
wait to try them don't they look good
not my gym buddy okay for my gym body
it's so busy in here and the lady just
told us that this is the quietest day so
we've come on the right day I was like
okay it's really busy
oh yeah I love these these are so good
but they've got maple bacon ones should
we try those as well I didn't know they
had those maple bacon
maple bacon tortilla rolls yeah we're at
the gift wrap and there's a lot of gift
wrap oh I did buy some of that I wrapped
em Tanya and Naomi's in those four so
yeah it's cool isn't it
although there's not much in there it
wasn't a very big roll yeah
Alfie's trying to find one to wrap my
present I've got this one for Alfie's
I like that one see you want to go for
one that's like meters like this is 7
meters okay do you know what we do need
we need like a gift box for your dad's
present like a little box difficult on
them what that present is
I'm not going to say absolutely what was
it go go go oh so he's getting in
everyone's way
a hair in my eye
okay okay okay
we've now come to next to get some lunch
because we didn't get anything in MLS it
was too crazy to even look Christmas Oh
got myself a cheeky ler Oh what was it
supposed to be it was called white
Christmas but they didn't have the
Christmas syrup I don't know what a
Christmas syrup is but they didn't have
it so they were like you can have any
other syrup in the white chocolate hot
chocolate if you want and I was like um
gingerbread wouldn't Rico door is like
really open victory doctor and I was
like um I don't know and I went oh I
know pack them in so I've got a shot of
peppermint in my white hot chocolate
like the drink I did the festive drinks
video oh yeah
it's so delicious and they were like oh
yeah that's a good idea
I was like yeah and he gave it to me
he's like I don't know why it's gonna
taste like but here you go I was like
yeah it'll be on the menu mmm it tastes
good
yeah it's really good really really good
we've also got lunch we're going to take
that back with us I went for my favorite
the cheese and Marmite toasty since
there's no place to go let snow let it
snow let us know when we were in next we
did a couple of pictures with some
viewers and the woman who worked in next
came over to us and said oh sorry for
skis programs are because I don't make
sense to me and off he goes she goes all
out do excuse me for asking but are you
well-known and Alfie when no a tramp oh
so do you just look like someone famous
and you went yeah as she went oh well I
guess that's flattering isn't it and I
don't happen is like why did you just
lie that like those like even more
awkward though no to be like yeah we
regularly have focusing as we look like
someone famous it's easier than trying
to explain what we do that's what it is
because if you say what would you say if
somebody comes up to you and says are
you famous
you're not gonna say yeah nice I always
go no we're just very consciously oh
yeah would you mean you mean what does
that mean of what you do and then 20
minutes discussion later I suppose why
did we did you just feel the vibe he
thought this woman doesn't she's not
going to understand she was going to
understand when I said I'm at YouTube
videos then I would have said yeah
making videos but you never know she
might earth I don't think she was I
remember when I first started hanging
out with Alfie people would come up and
say oh my god what is it that you do
like how come you haven't photos of
people because people do get curious and
then do you ask
although I would never ask someone that
I always think that's so like bold to be
like why are you yeah all the time
you are you yeah oh who are you and it's
like oh you know like it makes you so
awkward like she makes my toes curl when
people say who are you or when they
discuss it really loudly next to you ah
we have I don't even know him wait why
do photos of them is so awkward I would
never do that to anybody so when that
happens when that used to happen at
night first I'm hanging out with Alfie
he used to say he was a member of One
Direction
do you remember only is it Jo I don't
see him no no it was like a similar
situation where you thought there's no
point we trying to explain so you just
be like oh you know one direction yeah
maybe like yeah he'd be like oh I'm part
of that and it go oh okay yeah cool Fair
Play see you later nice stop the
conversation over remote YouTube and I
used to be like why do you tell me for
you're part of One Direction I was like
it's just easier like they're never
gonna like actually quiz you about it um
so I feel that was got funny
Alfie deyes oh you know what I was
trying to do I was trying to find my
camera cuz I had this weird feeling that
you're gonna be asleep
sounds like he's disappeared and he's
gone quiet he must be asleep so I was
trying to look for my camera and I was
like no I left it in the bedroom and
then I came up and ate a fifth of the
way into editing my video but I can't
stop thinking about just being Christmas
and like people don't need to work with
it's Christmas we need to wrap presents
soon in one hour we need to wrap
presents
okay okay this is video you've got one
hour
for now and then no you need to edit
power now yeah that we up in 20 minutes
you won't will you
I can try it just doesn't work I can't
wake you up
yes you're me okay you're giving me
permission to come and jump on you is in
the vlog now fine okay 20 minutes and
I'm gonna come and jump on you to get
you are me yeah my food what kind of
food healthy cookies I'll bring you a
carrot
hahaha go check on me at HotBot
23 minutes I'm asleep wake me up if I'm
not then Pat me on the back and give me
food jump on you really okay alright 20
minutes can we just talk about how
mentally curly my hair is today i code
it for a video and it's like the first
day I cut it like this it's always like
really curly and then tomorrow it will
be less curly
I'm also this fluffy jumper is from M&S
it says fabulous quite like it it's very
soft
yeah and Jacob do you know how I know
because that screen wasn't black so you
just moved it no I have it on no timer
anyway yeah I forgot to come wake you up
oh so what would have walked out and
populace Lee your vlog would have been
late but that's not my fault that's your
fault
it's your job you should rely on me I
didn't get up so I didn't go to sleep
I've almost got done finishing my second
video second video almost edited then I
just need to edit form or delete it do
you know I only need to edit eight more
videos in December only eight more only
eight seven x five days in the next five
days
oh my god I really need a way we them
okay um
Missy hello you just chilling look at
her I can see your tea hello hello
it's back Nala she's a monkey she does
we're currently off to the pier
because Louise is down ran to play she's
come to Brighton so she was like coming
meet us
so we're going in to meet Louise and
Darcy and her boyfriend Liam slight
change of plan as we were driving in the
traffic was pretty bad anyway but Louise
called and said I'm just good on the
pier and it's shut we were like oh no so
we turned around and came back and
they're gonna pop in here for a little
bit on their way home but I filmed a
house tour yesterday to go up on my main
channel at some point maybe it's closed
up tomorrow as you're watching this but
I just felt like our house is so festive
right now so I just want to show you
quickly even though I have done a little
tour but just I think it's the candle
glow and like the fairy lights up the
stairs and like oh I don't know I just I
just feel so Christmassy today I just
love it
do you know what I mean like our house
just feels so cozy and festive use quite
cream in your mouth each other talking
what No I did notice that you'd put that
in there though it's unbelievably
mescaline day it's so delicious
isn't that insane it's so good imagine
that on top of a hot chocolate yeah
that's one really tonight oh my god you
guys my vlogs only been live for like 40
minutes and I just checked my Twitter
and all my mentions are telling me that
the film I was talking about in
yesterday's vlog I said someone help me
find the film which me and Joe have been
trying to work out for ages it's called
escape to Witch Mountain
and I'm now sat here watching the
trailer on YouTube and this is the exact
film was talking about did anybody else
watch this it was so good just one of
many reasons why the internet is so
amazing look he's here yeah you can't
wait until you see me again
in 24 days or so well I'll take it later
Nala you start with movies hey she looks
so happy
don't distract her
every time darcy comes they get a closer
bond i feel they do she's less and less
scared we've got the guinea pig out Oh
Darcy's cuddling me guinea pig is it
soft ugly oh don't love don't you
Liam should we get Kelly pictures that's
all going on there's dogs as guinea pigs
Darcy's calling them hedgehogs John
everyone's gone now but it was really
nice of them to pop in and we got to
chill for a little bit it was nice to
catch up again
I've just been set on the sofa editing
and I'm like so tired all of a sudden
like it just hit me like a ton of bricks
and it's very good timing that food just
arrived we got bills whoo-hoo I love
bills so much and it makes me so happy
that they do take away so thank you so
much bills oh my god so I've got a
halloumi burger which it's probably one
of my favorite things ever some fries or
sweet potato fries there Alfie's and
then also some halloumi sticks because
these are heavenly although I would I'm
never going to eat a whole box of them
and Alfie also ordered his own box so
clearly someone's feeling very hungry
this evening aren't you Alfie leg day
woohoo
conscious shoe up to bed sweating oh
they'll hold my hand let's be like one
of those pictures you know when the
girls like a really in bikinis on beach
when they face the other way okay cute
that is
couples goals
