hello everybody welcome to 2018 this is
my first vlog back back didn't go
anywhere just haven't blogged I've had a
lot of meetings there is a lot going on
this year and I am gonna get to tell you
some of those things in this video one
of the main things that myself and Alfie
have been sorting out is a new office
that we're both moving into fingers
crossed at the end of next month which
has come around very quickly but has
also required a lot of sorting out
negotiating getting things done for that
and it's gonna be a really like kind of
big change for me because I have never
worked outside of where I've lived since
I've been doing this way back in 2009
I've always liked working from home and
it's a place I feel comfortable it's a
place I feel most inspired and creative
and so I've never really felt the need
to have my office out of where I live I
do have the upstairs which is obviously
where I work now with my PA but I've
never had somewhere else to go to
Alfie's obviously has his office which
he can go to but I don't know what it's
like to go to work and come back again
doing this job obviously I've had jobs
before YouTube where I've gone to work
and come home again but doing this I've
never done that so that's one of the
biggest things we've been trying to sort
out towards the end of last year and
most of January
another thing is my website I have a
blog it's the first thing I started I
started back in 2008 2009 oh that might
be mark marks coming to you by the way I
think he's going to go over to his
meeting which is next door enough he's
office and then I will I'll get back to
you and then you'll see mark because
he's gonna come back here after his
meeting oh it's all happening
i watch houses today I think this is the
longest we've ever gone not seeing each
other ever since we first met like too
long I'm like shriveling up like a
raisin right and back up in my office
but as I was just saying let me just
turn some lights on Mark's gone over to
his meeting I'm really out of breath
because I've been running up and down
the stairs trying to look for my phone
and I still don't know where it is so as
I was saying my blog or website however
you like to call it it was the first
thing I started yet I just don't ever
get time to sit and write and do the
photography for anyone that doesn't blog
blogging takes up a lot of time it
really makes me so mad when people think
bloggers don't work hard there are so
many different aspects to blogging and I
literally take my hat off to any
bloggers doing it full-time because it's
really hard to keep up with every aspect
of running a blog hence why mine doesn't
really run obviously I have lots of
other things that I work on alongside
videos and on the side vlogs alongside
anything along side other massive
projects that do take up a lot more of
my time which I also enjoy doing so it's
not like I would ever stop those things
to carry on those things it's just about
trying to make the most of every avenue
that I have why so one of the things
that I really wanted to do this year was
to make more of my blog me trying to do
it on my own just it doesn't work
there'll be the odd post here and there
but it's not what I want it to be I want
it to be somewhere that people can go to
access everything they want to access
you know my videos any of my other
content things I have
in my head and I have so much up here
that I'm not able to actually action and
do anything do anything with and that
it's so frustrating as a creative person
not being able to actually create and
have the things that you're in visiting
real for a really really long time I've
wanted to get to the point where my blog
or website has content on it every
single day something for someone to read
a place of people to come and feel
positive and inspired and learn a little
bit more about me and the things I love
and the things that I also want to share
blogging and writing and photography are
my like main passions and it's what I
started you know that's what I love
doing and I have always said from the
very very beginning I started doing this
and I know that I'll probably end doing
it so I don't know video might just
dissipate no one might be making video
anymore but I know my website is where I
will continue to create content and take
photos and if everything else crumbled
and fell and I didn't work on any other
things I know that I would still have my
website and that would still be a real
like foundation for everything else that
I'm doing and I just love it and it's
hard to have it there and not be able to
put as much energy into it as I would
like to so I don't want ramble on for
too long but I am growing it up it's
having a bit of a blow-up this year it's
gonna have a redesign and a reshuffle
but also it's not just going to be me
creating all the content which i think
is what is mostly holding it back and
I'm hiring people we're growing the team
I love working with people I love having
people around and for a really long time
was quite scared to have more than just
my assistant because it means you have
to be a boss and I didn't go to boss
school so and I've always really doubted
my like capabilities of being able to
run people well and
like run more of an empire like I have
teens I work with but I don't employ
those people I have one employee
currently and that I know it's all in my
head and I've worked really hard to get
to a point where I can be a lot more
confident with those things but I also
did reach point last year where I was
like me and my assistant can't keep
doing like eight different people's jobs
like there's there's gonna come a time
where if I really really want to be
doing if I really really want to be
giving a hundred percent of everything
into all these things I'm doing rather
than like a bit here a bit here a bit
here a bit here and being kind of spread
too thin both of us I'm gonna have to
get some people you know I'm gonna have
to like build a bit of a tribe we're
going to expand the website we're gonna
have full-time photographer which I'm
really really looking forward to having
it doesn't mean I'm never going to take
photos or I'm never gonna write on there
I'm gonna be writing as much as I can it
just means there's gonna be lots of
people behind the scenes making it work
and making sure that the content is
there so we'll have contributors I
really want to invite lots of amazing
inspirational people that I know my
friends as well to write things and get
involved I kind of want it to be a place
for positivity and inspiration and I
don't think that needs to just come from
me because there are so many amazing
people who have the most incredible
voices and can speak so well about
certain things that I that are not my
expertise or write in a way in which I
never could and I want to be able to
give those people a platform to also
inspire others and to create a bit of a
kind of positive community because I
feel the internet is lacking in that
somewhat at the moment and that's what I
want to do I want to make this like a
hub for everybody to take something away
from it we're kind of we're like writing
out job descriptions in fact there will
be next week I have two jobs that I'm
applying forward at the moment is going
to expand and I am going to be looking
for contributors so if anyone's watching
some of my friends people that I've met
if you're interested in that do let me
know because I will be reaching out to
some of you anyway but I've just managed
to sit down and say this so basically
all the information for the two roles
that I am currently hiring will be over
on my blog currently my current blog I
think it's going to be a really big part
of 2018 and I'm excited to plan it all
I'm having like a Content planning
session next week where we're going to
lay out like big mood boards I'll film
actually you'll be able to see and we're
going to plan the content that we want
to have ready to go when the website
launches which we're hoping will be
around like summer time there's a lot of
stuff we need to have done before then
like hiring people and getting a lot of
posts in our belt so that when we can
launch the website there's one every day
for like ever
just hey I hope you're excited I'm
excited another thing I've decided to do
this year is to film all my meetings hey
because they're really long and there's
a lot of information in them which I can
imagine you're all going we don't want
to see that so it's good for me to watch
them back to remember certain things
because you can take notes and minutes
and meetings but it's not the same as
being able to actually like watch it
back and be like oh yeah I see I
remember us saying that about that or
something but also I want you to see a
bit more behind the scenes of everything
that happens because I do feel like
quite a lot of stuff I hold back because
I don't think people are interested in
it and I feel like it's over sharing I
don't know why and also I just don't
really think about it because in my head
I'm like it's boring meeting no one's
interested in this stuff but I do feel
like it's such a huge part of what I do
and I do think there's people out there
that would find it interesting and I
find stuff like this really interesting
and I would love to watch more of like
the process of people doing things so
I'm gonna film meetings and I'm not
gonna put like a three-hour meeting on
YouTube but I'm gonna just be far more
sharing with
the people that I work with I have
warned everybody gonna be on camera
because obviously like all these people
have their expertise and they work in
certain things they're not they don't
necessarily like being on camera and
obviously I'm aware of that so when I go
into these meetings it's like the camera
normally stays in my bag so we've all
had a chat and have been like is
everyone okay with me filming and
they're like yeah we're all on board
everyone's on board I really want to
give you more background information on
what people are doing and their roles
and how many people are actually
involved in things I think it's actually
quite mind-blowing and yeah I just think
it would be really interesting so I feel
like this year is like the year of kind
of business and behind-the-scenes that's
what that's my year 2018 business and
behind the scenes it kind of all looks
like fun and games a lot of the time and
actually I am still like a twenty-eight
although twenty-eight yet but I have
been calling myself twenty-eight for
like the past three months because I
just feel like the year disappears I am
a 28 year old business woman and I think
people forget that and rightly so
because I don't really show it that much
because I just don't think people are
interested in it but it's a huge huge
part of my life and it's a massive part
of what I do so yeah let me know if
you're excited for that a lot of the
footage obviously I can't use straight
away because some of the meetings are
for things I haven't talked about yet
but when I do get to talk about them you
can see everything from like the
backstory which is good I think
interesting and also it's nice for me
because it's like a little diary of
where things started so yeah I'm really
excited about this year very pumped very
motivated little bit nervous little
nervous to work in an office little bit
nervous to grow the team nervous
unexcited right I feel like most of this
vlog is now just me like rambling oh
I'll do a little outfit of the day I'm
wearing a Mac matte liquid lipstick
that's not useful because I don't know
what it's called it's the brown smudgy
eye shadow these are from ASOS these are
from Maria Tash and this are this we
don't know where this is from quite a
few people asked me where this is from
and I think I bought it like 10 years
ago maybe it was probably in a sauce one
it just says lucky on one side and then
has a picture of someone on the other
this top which I'm obsessed with is from
Zara oh one thing I did really get into
over Christmas in New Year with sex and
City I've never seen that show before
and it is amazing I literally watched
all six series like back-to-back and
then both the films and I'm a little bit
but there's not gonna be a third one I
might just have to start the series
again so this top says mr. big and then
down here it just says Sex and the City
and this is from Zara I bought it in a
bigger size then I probably needed a
because they didn't have my size in
stock and I was not gonna miss out on
this but also I quite like that it's
bigger mean like you can actually seek
me out so it's like it's not really a
jumper it's very thin it's like a thin
over top and I've just tucked that in
and then I have a black power net
underneath and then I just have these
trousers these are from a sauce they're
just like smart trousers stripy but yeah
I'm so excited to actually spend time
with mark as well I haven't seen him in
like four weeks and I missed him so lot
so much it's so funny I think that's the
longest we've ever been where we've not
seen each other since we've been friends
and I think it's a true testament to how
great friends you are when you're like
there's a hole in my life
something's missing and you're like it's
because I haven't seen my best friend so
I'm so excited that he's here
he's down here today and tomorrow and
then on Friday we're going away to
Margate I don't know if any of you have
seen the video from last year but we
weren't aware on like a little friends
holiday and we really wanted you to say
thing this year and I've heard some
great things about Margate I found a
really cute air B&B so I put that for us
so I'm really excited to go there Friday
just for the weekend but I think it will
be really really nice and I also have
some other trips planned as well which
were very excited for myself and Alfie
are going to Amsterdam we were supposed
to go last year with poppy Shawn Amanda
and Nick couldn't go because it fell on
the week we were moving in so that had
to get cancelled which is really
frustrating because I've always always
wanted to go so I booked it for myself
and Alfie as like a bit of a treat also
booked flights to New York for my
birthday I am a bit nervous slightly
apprehensive but very very excited
so yeah already have some tricks lined
up good start to the air very good start
to yeah anyway I'm gonna stop now
because this is nearly 20 minutes of
rambling I will have dropped it down
hopefully everyone goes to God the
centre and get some more plants I'm like
itching to buy plants cuz I haven't
bought any in quite a while is that
normal
I'm such a houseplant lady but yeah I
don't know what the plan is
for the rest of the day but enjoy I'm
sure it will be random as heck we're
filming a Asus whole so I bought marks
he bought mine we have no idea what
we've bought each other so we're gonna
sit down and film it that's my boy I saw
Beth might do ice this whole your chin
it was your chap yeah
Oh mark I bought your present
shut your eyes and hold your hands out
you brushing your teeth
what's this a little like fingering
finger
well I know what drag a car a gift card
oh I thought you won then you know I
bought myself one all right I mean
that's all right mark Mark's Sun disk
memory card was a what was the brand new
Matlin and it kept like malfunctioning
and like you lost footage at one point
kept locking it served you well the
whole time of no me you've had that one
bloody 16 gigabyte memory card so I
thought would get an upgrade or think so
I was getting myself some and I thought
you know who needs one of these youtuber
yoga are you ready for this yeah I hatch
the arm that's ok also look at this it's
kind of a gift to you but it stays in my
house ok
I thought you - oh my god I did it the
other day sorry that's so lovely yeah
all these photos one I wasn't doing
anything with them and I was like oh
this frames so because it's a
see-through frame and I'm like it'd be
so cool in it so it's kind of a present
to you could you stay in this room all
the time
but don't take it home I loved it too
much we've just finished filming this
beautiful I mean so that's the recycling
where all the packaging and then I went
to throw that away realized my entire
video is out of focus so I need to
re-film the whole video so it's a good
job I kept the packaging you're going to
put
ya know so we finished filming our asus
video how do you think it went
honestly perfect yeah but really really
good I think we both did really well we
both had one thing out of the thing that
we're not happy with yeah well I think
it's fine yeah and life ain't perfect
exactly and you're caught it's not like
half of the thing yeah to be fair you
played up straight
I advise we just we're just tidying up I
say we but actually marks pretty much
tidying up which means my ears are
ringing really
yeah it's okay um these lights get so
hot I'm a cop in your bag I actually
love that mix in there yeah
Oh me Nick it gets so hot in here with
all these lights we were dying a bit
like we got a bit delirious in your
video look these are one of the things
spoiler got him some leggings oh yeah I
really thought you would hate that
that was like the like a thing that I
was like oh he's gonna hate this but no
it's worth the risk because it was such
good price right
I paint just stop you crying this side
of it we should film a music video
yeah
three bags right what you singing Oh
oh my voice bah bah black sea nah I
think she wants you to stop I did like
that that was amazing oh my gosh she can
actually play really well right Molly
now as well
we are on our way to the cinema while
we're going to see you guys it's sidious
for we're actually going to see the
greatest showman and the second time
Marc is not the biggest fan of musicals
are you um no I don't feel musical no
just anyway we're all off me Holly and
Alfie have been listening to the
soundtrack for like three weeks why do
we go see it's two weeks character
so we're quite cleared up on the songs
I'm secretly hoping there's no one else
in the cinema we can order things you're
really loud but yeah that's not we're
gonna go and do now and I'm really
excited because it is like one of my
favorite films so far this year I mean
there's not much of the you know I've
watched it on film so this year terrible
are we go but yeah favorite film so far
this year
great and I'm happy to get them up
dangle enjoying that we've just got back
MA
how did you feel about the greatest
showmen amazing what what did you think
it was gonna be like I don't know
because I never give musicals a chance
base opened my eyes I feel like I'm
about to bust no I loved it I really did
not there and now which is so funny but
this is exactly what me a now if he did
help you watch it we were like we need
to listen to the soundtrack marks like I
need you listen to the soundtrack
a million dream you love things one
might like the first song okay man Oh
everybody do you think these girls is
actually a little bit big for me there's
a cover fill with us that's pretty weird
it's crazy a weird a German shy he said
are we in a German to share are we like
I don't think so no I really rate them
glosses da I like them I think that's
supposed to be like quite pointy I think
cuz I've got my hair up maybe it looks
no I like no more I'm obsessed welcome
to my world if you see me in the past
like three weeks ice you know I do
sometimes up my cup
Wow at school next month to see
them Oh God actually he turned up to me
and said oh yeah dear I thank you so
Jessie when you want to be there for
walk it's my career baby no say I need
to think about this at Christmas time
should I say Jamie Lee Curtis I could
just imagine like item okay
so like oh no max I would tires I would
hold in your suitcase like tie my shoes
together tight oh no I would hide every
I would hide one shoe of every school
parents
nothing even more annoying just hide my
like I would I would throw all your
fragrance away I would hide all your
skincare and we know how I would I would
get littering days
so let us behind me offer all my
weaknesses I tell you what I came back
to skincare oh my god
I'm like a life coach therapist come out
salad take a little picture verily
enjoying it it's so nice and out focus
it's so nice to be out and it not be
like gray and raining it's sunny and
it's not too cold I think my camera
stuff okay
but yeah it's so nice to just be like I
think strolling the streets because
before Christmas you couldn't really
stroll anywhere no look great oh my god
you do Georgey Georgey we're just gonna
stroll to be the leg
we don't particularly have any plans to
be in town or for being in town
we're just mooching it would be nice to
go and like chill down by the beach
amazing and we are going to go to the
photo booth and get our first 2018
photos you always wanted to dolls had
inside a glass this link they saw this
linking is it oh oh that really scary
I'm gonna get you this bedroom they're
really terrifying yeah Papa mache
there's so many heads and things that's
quite cute he's looking at me we should
get that one and one of those I used on
this back did anyone else have these
ladybird books when someone's being
annoying like Oh grow yourself a
backbone
yes Barrington what do you do if we were
going on a night out and I turned up in
that I'd like a new murder mystery
weekend right we're going on the float
AP oh I love that little old Brighton
posters in there
what kind of plan no tape how about like
sultry sultry wind sweat sweat cheery
cherry
Safiye so sultry windswept cheery and
something okay okay
windswept cheery and sassy I need to I
need to get new faces for photobooth Oh
you ready yeah oh you can't see my bomb
we'll have to get you money all our
money's gone like mental we've just done
the funniest one for the last one are
they yeah Oh
which is your favorite I love this one I
really like that one this is a great one
I loved I think that might be my
favorite what actually that's a good one
yeah oh my god that's so good I love
them all are you put them all like in
afraid yeah fun time so far five very
well we've done well we smashed that
what money are you gonna go for this one
passion for it yeah it's the best one I
really like like a gem berry make those
mocktails of light chain and sprite and
mint no sugar
yeah
Mark's laughing at all the names of the
plants he's found one what's it called
mark for the dome Liam come love and
this one we've come into your spider
plant which in its base roots which is
above them well I got smudgy Oh have
which is above a vintage store on
Gardner Street and there's just so many
amazing bugs
I'll pick this one up we're taking some
photos great little spot love it yeah I
just want a lot more that I can put in
pots on shelves so that like they hang
nicely over the shelf so I'm gonna get a
roly aina and I do like those what see
that one on the end
yeah him I like him too let's see MooMoo
grabs among me oh it's on the face marks
every time you come in there haven't you
tried all of them yeah literally mark
can you just reenact what you just did
it's like a fake thing like just
cardboard look a biga size it's
cardboard see we've met a couple of
people today and they're like mark
you're so tall I heard just imagine you
smaller
how have you ever imagined him smaller
I'm six with four guys you've got some
face masks all I've got today so far
it's gone
and a mozzarella bacon mother propagate
what could they get squish remember it's
in their sweeter coming to them and we
are going to get some donor are you
gonna get donor you are okay do you know
which one you want this one the calyx
the galaxy oh you know I'm a sucker for
aspirin yeah I might get a box yeah
because then later we can also have one
look at that the perfect Jam we really
pushing the boat we've got our dum-dums
mark asks for a hot water and got
himself a little sip of them ago and now
we're gonna head towards the sea
although the sun's just disappeared
which is there was a cloud a bit sad
maybe it's just one cloud though maybe
it will disappear today's rain is
tomorrow's whiskey such a strange like
life quo but I was like today's rain is
tomorrow's whiskey it could be
tomorrow's anything but why whiskey oh
my god guys it's actually raining oh my
god it's really raining okay we're gonna
we're gonna go on the pier
we were gonna do anyway but yeah oh my
god I can't run we never run away nope
Michael's no not on the list no right we
came on the pier to shout it from the
rain
we've had did you wash your donut I hate
most so good the Sun is actually like
coming out now right coming out to play
yeah we've had some donor and now I
think we're gonna head back it's quite
cold not gonna lie and I think being on
the pier it's a bit more windy it have
been walking around the lanes Osbert
it's a tiny bit but the Sun is so shiny
it loves me try to throw in abandon yeah
that's been old man oh me right had a
match the car we are passing boho gelato
it's the one that has like all the
flavors so I said to mark I think maybe
let's get some to take home what I do
you've never been here no I mean I've
obviously had it but I've never actually
been to the straw really way to me
because I feel like let's go let's grab
some takeout ice be okay
we just popped in Joe Medina to check
out some of the products UI and we've
ended up having a hand massage I think
it's because I let me smile I can't
really imagine you smell it in this
manner more this side yeah but yeah it's
picking his fragrances remember last
year at Tanya's Christopher I was like
his own time alone you can always tell
when someone's wearing a jo Malone I've
got I've gone for a blackberry and BAE
and wild Bluebell you enjoying it
love it my home in this so good
guys I'm ready for bed tonight I feel
they were out of gym alone oh my
goodness that was like the nicest thing
ever
we had Rachel do and hand massages and
she was honestly we decided Rachel if
you're watching this we love you love
you so much Rachel
and I ended up buying the wild blue bow
what did you do no I was just like we
ended up buying more stuff yeah this was
where the dogs were oh no it's covered
our dog with a with an angel baby fat
with a cosmos awesome cosmos awesome
absolutely lovely if you ever get the
chance to have a hand and arm massage
enjoy Malone I would 110 percent
recommend it it's completely free
intimate like I said so it's like it's
just I felt like in a nice little dome
alone bubble yeah it was lovely and you
find out so much more about the brand
and the sense and like which they can be
layered together around and like how
they come up with the names yeah if you
love fragrance I love it yeah mark was
in his absolute
so thank you very much Rachel very
lovely off here we absolutely enjoyed
and we will see you again tomorrow every
day we're now heading to work at MoMA I
just pulled them up and ordered
something to take away and we're gonna
take it back put on our jammies or our
comfy clothes and then watch a bit of
nighty-night it's like a complete
marking Zoe day and I love it
we were so overdue this day I cannot
even tell you ah right
well here what says a million dreams
you make me wanna die we got blanket
we got nighty night on the train we are
living the dream we've got our Donuts
let me show you which ones we went for I
have already in half one obviously got a
zebra this one which was the perfect jam
which I was very excited about the wall
the perfect jam don't know I feel like
Alfie would like that one a creme brulee
the galaxy one and then the cronut roll
not go nuts for Chrome not you are yeah
hello be it I've blocked it all out guys
Alfie is growing his beard to be like a
proper long like down to here I mean
like this yeah yeah yeah that would take
a long time
to give up it's just another curly oh
yes because I brushed it up oh yeah but
Alex I never had a beard I've always
wanted to try one and I already can't
wait to get out I'm gonna shave it off
tomorrow like zero like I'm going to
look like 11 years old
that's birthday cake I didn't actually
get any Oh birthday cake what was this
one strawberry cheesecake cookies and
cream
violet blueberry macaron and then like a
blueberry lemon raspberry white
chocolate cake you know what this toast
IRA what what birthday cake try and
guess what a so not other than battery
day
um about this oh man I don't know I
can't even taste the birthday cake you
know those old ice creams that from the
ice cream and like that little bubble
gum at the bottom oh yeah oh there are
three balls one yeah it's crazy
it's like a cold say I love this one was
I loved her marks choice of one what are
the one I picked out
no one likes see this is when I go that
I just play safe I say can I just get
five or six how many we can get of
you're like the most popular ones you
know ever nice on the edge perfume yes
but those little powdery sweets that I
hate Parma by officers but it's the
purple ones yeah Tom violet hate that
it's the violet it's violet violet
violet violet you're turning violet
violet
