hello everybody welcome to bloodless day
not gonna lie it's quite late in the day
isn't it it's also nearly Christmas it's
also nearly crisps like legit is
actually nearly it's less than a week
now until Christmas six days and guess
what ladies and gentlemen Alfie has
finished is Christmas so happy yay I
didn't think it was ever gonna happen
you always know it gets done well it has
to get done no other option everything
has to be done
I haven't blogged at all today because I
really haven't been feeling well how
unlike Jesus see by your sit in your
pajamas how unlike me is it to not get
out of bed until like midday yeah I took
Nala done normally I put Nala to bed and
Zoey gets gets up and does not in the
morning but today I did no in the
morning because o is in a better day not
feeling very great I honestly think I've
sweated a whole bar oh oh is it possible
to sweat that much I woke up this
morning it's a good job you didn't have
your arm around me because you would
have liked Alfie hates and I sweat not
not because he's like me no I don't I
hate when you sweat I you don't realise
when you're asleep how hot you get okay
but would I be elsewhere to on a normal
day yeah but I'm ill oh my god I woke
her and my pajamas were like like I
could have wrung them that's bad
although it's actually good because it's
getting everything every system yeah
it's good to do that when you know yeah
I spoke to my mum and she was like I
mean it's good that you're sweating a
lot though because that means whatever
is your body's getting rid of it before
it's really like taken hold cuz I'm not
like snotty or anything I just feel so
like weak and hot and cold without the
snot it's hot and you're cold you're yes
then you're no you're in then you're out
you're up then you're down so our plan
for this evening is how he's gonna do my
makeup for me but you actually have to
do it nicely because we're going to MLS
no I'm gonna do it properly now I'm
going to make I'm gonna do your makeup
properly like you do also after you went
into town
brought you back a sausage roll if
that's not love what is I mean I'm one
was elegy in your one I said get me a
surprise in town comes back the sausage
roll all the things oh so I was thinking
about this earlier this is a complete
change of subject but me and Joe were
talking recently and there was a film
that we used to watch we were younger
and neither of us can remember what it's
called and that's quite rare because me
and Joe have the best memory with all
the weird little memory like or TV
programs with you remember the normal
eating is but this one thing we can't
remember and I was like I must remember
to mention this in my vlog and see if
anybody knows what the film is or what
it's called or just anything about it
because I don't even know what to Google
to find out so I'm going to describe
what I can remember I can remember a
girl and a boy with no parents staying
in this amazing house and they had a
harmonica and whenever they played the
harmonica I don't know if it was magic
or like things happened or they were
magic or they had like special powers
but there was powers involved there was
a harmonica that they played and they
stayed with a man in like a really cool
house with like really cool bedrooms and
that's about all I can remember honestly
I don't remember any more than that but
if any of you're watching this and you
think oh my god I know the program
you're talking about I used to watch
that it's called I would love to know in
fact that can be your Christmas homework
it was a really old film we must have
watched it when we were like seven or
eight so it was around like that sort of
time it was like they played a tune on
the harmonica and something happened I
don't know it really frustrates me I
don't remember anything I think Joe said
the mom was called they weren't right
he's put they went around someone's
house and he had a sick toy room with a
cat his name was mr. Deranian like the
plant I can't spell it though well mr.
geranium or something
search him and you'll find the film
memory is sick but I actually searched
it and I didn't find the film so unless
any of you know what I'm talking about
let me know my videos have gone up for
the seasoning and I still have a couple
that I need to film but I might want
selfies done my makeup if it's good
enough i watch this film tonight that's
basically it for today so far but don't
worry we still have the evening and also
I know that you guys wouldn't mind if
this was the entire vlog because I'm
really not feeling great but I thought
now I've got a bit more pep in my step I
would film what's left of the day anyway
oh my god it makes me so happy seeing
all of you tweeting me because you're
all receiving your sad life March make
sure if you haven't already I'll leave a
link in the description box to the
website you can go on over and check out
and have a little look at all the bits
and pieces this is one of my personal
faves yeah also let us know what you
would like to see in the shop in the
future because we have a lot of ideas of
things we want to bring out and do
together but I mean it's for you guys so
I'd love to know if there's anything in
particular you'd really like to see and
we can try and make it work I'm not
quite sure how this is I'm not quite
sure how this has happened but I'm
letting Alfie do my makeup that's good
you can trust me well is the last time
you did it last year for a video I've
ever done it properly yeah last year for
a video you tweeted it properly
but wait Nala needs the toilet but the
thing that I did last time Jim but you
tried to get me to do one of their yeah
okay I flip baby or blending eyeshadow
blending I know I put dark in the middle
why you did it the wrong way around
anyway because um Alfie is going live on
YouTube also this is like I have no idea
what this is I think it's like I was
like rubbing my nose and then like my
skin came off as you do I mean that's
probably not normal if you're feeling
ill wash and blow-dry your hair because
it just makes you feel so much more
swish
you ready to do my makeup so ready say
hello
hmm love you I you know you so much
there's my makeup bag yeah I got that
good luck
I'll check back in when he's finished he
will be filming this on his channel so
you can go and watch him actually
applying it on our fees why say that you
already built out like I'm gonna be bad
I'm just so excited I'm gonna join you
think of it okay weren't even simple I'm
not yeah yeah no no nothing crazy okay
seen a bit makeup is done now I do have
to say I did my eyelashes and eyebrows
but Alfie did my foundation and my
concealer and the bronzer I think you
did a really good job you don't have a
little panic thinking you put too much
on but overall not definitely do sure
yeah I'm sure I look a lot more awake
than he did before maybe your foundation
effect were your eyebrows look really
good
I definitely didn't do those no but
that's better at least I feel more like
and today more human now I'm gonna go
just put some lip boil on I just want to
turn my camera on and I press the
different button and if we found that
hilarious
there's your noise that you made mm-hmm
can we not go yet why just from the
cuddle alpha Q's cuddling me cuz I'm so
hot
so is so warm I'm liking like a
hot-water bottle today I'm trying to
contemplate whether I go to Waitrose in
my cell on deer tracks I think so I'm
not sure I think so Slover on an elf one
no because then I'll bring of a more
attention do you know what I mean I know
psyche what you mean
one episode of Sherlock and then Alf
that's a good deal
you never know tonight I really need to
have an early night I do I look like I'm
just ahead you do I did you not even see
my body over the other side about the
same size right now
Jimmy gay whoa why did you do that
Oh God hey you literally stuck your
tongue right in my ear don't do it again
gave me a wet willy but just rap I think
just strip the done I actually felt
horrible I'm scared you're gonna do it
again
stop I'll just punch me then there you
deserve that right can we go to wait
trees before I flank flank I'm gonna
take sorrowful this isn't helpful you're
supposed to look after me when I'm not
free to move around I cannot do it
I'm looking off to you so much you're my
friend you're only doing this because
I'm hot in other than Temujin what's a
bit bigger than nothing temperatured
stop canola Alfie yeah how if you won't
let me go oh well let's see if you can
get up I can't get hung onto you cuz
you're holding me yes you have to try
and get up I can't I don't have any
edges Y on the way round
no y'all going to meet RC button up oh
well obviously you can't feel stronger
than me don't do it again
what's kissing it no you won't stop it
we're on our way to Waitrose
I've managed to leave the house today
very happy about it
yes genuinely really good oh I just love
looking at Christmas lights or people's
houses this is what we Louise did
yesterday she took me to see some of the
really Christmassy houses I liked it I
just said to Alfea we should drive
around on the way you should be fun to
add stir do you recognize me I don't
know today where's Ben again look dear
where is everyone on a Monday night
there's only 8 p.m. it's not late yeah
there's like no one around
oh we have the way you are yeah I kind
of love it it's very quiet oh it's a lot
Christmas tree thing out you know yeah
mr. Ian oh really do you know I mean
stand no the thing with alder let's go
the closest spot we can mhmmm about to
get we can possibly get even if it took
me 10 minutes part let's go Oh a lot of
keys in us oh we only need oh you'll
have to take both oh yeah it's so bright
yeah oh she's got trapped in the door
what have you just taken my key off my
keys one of my biggest pet peeves with
alfie deyes is he has a set of keys and
if he needs a key he takes it off so
he's forever losing his keys because he
always had no house key at the moment on
my keys I've got a secret you need to
stop doing that like I'm being serious
because you just actually just lose keys
yeah
I am telling you all in my vlog
and you've just done it to my keys
possible good news what
what's your possible good news the hell
was that missing I thought it was a
seagull but it was a kid
what oh it wasn't that about you got
some good news
what so sushi yeah oh for goodness sake
meet Ronnie you want to get Ronnie we
get a trolley or I found something that
I think looks good
I can't get it baking camembert with
cranberry and pumpkin seed accompaniment
after tonight okay
I may have just found a slightly larger
one waiter yes I can bear look at the
size of it we have to get that one come
on big peeking honey wait for tonight
all for Christmas she say we cannot
consume that much I will literally have
to work out well maybe we'll have that
for your family it's my favorite the
shortbread
I love gingerbread cupcakes
what aah oh my god they look cute I want
to try some of them
what are they whispers and my favorite
chocolate bar and they've made them with
biscuit should we try these yeah these
look incredible it's incredible
maybe we should try both it is two for
two pounds after all you're not really
unhealthy right now is because Alfie's
doing a DIY with a lot chocolate we
aren't planning on eating that yeah
we're gonna eat I'm gonna eat it
no I spy an Alfie deyes and Nala look
healthy oh wait am i behind that I think
it's a picture with Doug look it's the
picture with Doug the Pug eggs in yeah
yeah ticket Nala how funny that she
doesn't even realize that she's on
magazines
look um next year you Taylor
Ariana me and Taylor hanging out hanging
out on the front I look exclusive 2017
the year of YouTube just notice on the
back it says major Alfie Goss inside
what is inside is this a major outfit
girl what's it as me more that's so
funny I want to know the major cost to
boy I gotta major got ya because that
tree it's so sparkly I love that
look this one's going for it as well
ready dis going that one discotheque
Oh watch that Fox oh oh oh my god did
anyone else you see that oh it's
Christmas look at the polar bear ah
Merry Christmas everyone
this is my favorite Christmas song alfie
is now cooking dinner which I'm very
excited about I'm just chillin on the
sofa and hello hi what do you want and I
think we're gonna watch another episode
of Sherlock when we eat our dinner
however whilst I wait I do want to find
out what that gossip was the major Alfie
gossip uh-huh
there's a huge Joe and Caspar poster or
a Dan and Phil poster which would you
rob a half Oh Dan and Phil Joe or Casper
dan and Phil Joe or Casper that's a very
difficult decision I'm glad I don't have
to make it Oh
how's that ended up in a magazine Alfie
I'm gonna say that's your fault because
we mentioned it in your video that
bloomin photo how is that in a magazine
that's so annoying cute um I still
haven't found out marks page look at
that 13 things I wish I knew when I was
13 I was oh well a highlight reel to
kick another year off year of Zilla life
we decide to look over all her best bits
of 2016 the edinburgh road trip that was
a highlight so IAM art BFF goals
totes mykonos another highlight anxiety
true so I put a new blog post about
anxiety yeah that went down really well
I'm really glad I did that so well her
apartment those were great men's they
really were 10 times Alfie Slade
seriously this guy though we love Alfie
10 times the Alfie slayed his gnarley'
pics give us all the feels when he
taught us how to make Oreo and chocolate
waffles drools I'm just reading all the
times that you Slade he totally lost it
when Zoey played a spider prank on him
and it was too cute when he had a
full-on fangirl freaked out about seeing
Beebe's ink on
sir whenever he's super supportive of
his Bey Zoey so lucky
you are oh look there's me again oh look
my very own Alfie poster yay oh let's
read my star sign Aries oh look there's
me just in case I wasn't sure which star
sign it was a school is going to be
pretty cray this year but the good news
is it's nothing you can't handle like a
boss
just remember to hold your head up high
and treat yourself when you worked hard
you deserve it insta comm set aside some
me time each week and enjoy a mini
pamper sesh that's that's basically my
New Year's resolution is to set aside
more me time ah I do love these
magazines they're so cute they're full
of such like I don't know they're very
like YouTube supportive which I really
like
um I don't know whether you would like
it I actually don't think it's that bad
do you want to say yeah pack for
ProLiant yeah that's the only ones like
there you go I just opened it right on
the page I actually think you look
lovely in this picture oh no do you
think that's quite a nice picture of you
I think that's quite nice hey that's not
you okay yeah it's nice one than the one
that was no idea dinner is served
look at this it's like proper comfort
food this was exactly what I needed this
will make me feel better that's good
and also Alfie is forcing me to drink
lots of water you have to drink lots
water you have to keep hydrated hydrated
mm-hmm so great this now I'm what
Sherlock look at the size of my lasagna
oh so much about food and I just said
portion of sushi for one you are netting
this it's time for bed I'm super tired
and I hope you've all had a lovely
weekend wait
it's Monday I hope how nice weekend
anyway I'll give the video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it I'll see you again
tomorrow guys
