be ready can we do this this is it 3 2 1
hello everybody our talking today it is
same Damon hello everybody
I welcome to vlogmas day 17 the yeah
oh there is it frosty frosty the snowman
are you okay well you can just slice my
food how did you do this thing Oh little
Christmas boo-boo okay I think this is
the coldest it's been isn't it yeah it's
nice I know you can can see my breath ha
ha ha but it's sunny that's nice easier
go get petrol oh I think you'll be okay
trot me to help you I'm just watching
you put things in your boot I can put
shoes on fine are you sure no let me
help
okay I yeah you can put Devin to fun
with the car like I'm leaving you
Merry Christmas you too I miss you and
love you too Oh have a lovely day lovely
day have a lovely Christmas I'm running
might have a bar because I feel so weird
today
I've got like a really bad headache and
I just feel quite like math I think it's
just because I'm tired I'm not really
sure I think a bath might help this is
perfect every day right what should I
put in
um what is that
we don't know but it smells delicious
I think maybe this one northern light
and then some Christmasy bubbles
mm-maybe are you I love my lava although
the body shop spice apples
smelled incredible I don't know where
that is yeah look at my shower gel draw
this is getting out of hand
oh my god this is the one that I took on
holiday to Mykonos that smells of summer
little zoella shower glazed gingerbread
scented
oh I haven't tried these yet shower
jellies this smells amazing snowflakes
from Kashmir by Bath & Body Works it's
just essentially a lot of our fan body
what body works ones and some body shop
ones but yeah this smells so incredible
I don't know ever showing you this
before but this is how I organize my
like skincare I guess mostly like shower
bath and skin care stuff considering how
often I use fake tan of audio oils I'm
not too sure why I have a whole drawer
of it because I don't really use it that
much in reality I want to I just don't
seem to do it because I never want my
white bedsheets to get fake tan on them
um hair mask store why do animals know
what's in here grab any scrubs
scrubs and oils no okay I'll take this
but then we've also got this one just
inkay oh oh I'll tell you what I do want
to do though I want to do a face mask oh
my god this isn't just face mask this is
also moisturizers and I'm quite aware
that no normal human being has this many
skin care items but because of the
nature of what I do very lucky in the
sense I get sent quite a lot and this is
after I've decluttered so I think maybe
another decluttering session is in order
I keep things that I think oh I'll try
that and then obviously the more and
more things you get that you think oh
I'll try that you put them in the drawer
you go to open the drawer and you're
like a lot of things to try and no time
to try them so I do need to have another
clear out
drink up intensive that's overnight I
don't know which one I want to do well
there's a heavy duty chloroplast also
good in okay I'm going to go for this
one
the Perricone MD chloroplast my masks
fab hello everybody it's many hours
later um today has been an ultimate fail
I had the worst migraine rush headache
all day and have just been in bed it's
now 5:00 p.m. so if still have the
evening I still have a really bad
headache oh I'm not sure those flashing
lights probably help um but I'm gonna
have chilled evening oh my god I just
look on that I'm gonna have a chilled
evening Alfa's just gone out to get us a
Nando's and I was like let's watch it
with a Christmas film so I am now at the
DVDs and I've got to get all the
Christmassy ones
I don't even know if they're all going
to be in their nativity ah the tivity
this is one of my favorite Christmas
films it's so good only 253 actually
don't know if I've seen that one the
Grinch I know he won't want to watch
that because I have already watched that
so much holiday classic Fred Claus I've
also watched this a fair amount so far
this year guess what guys I've never
actually watched this I bought this last
year because I was like I need to watch
this Christmas film and I never got
around to watching it and I still
haven't watched it so let's pop that on
the pile Scrooged all four Christmases
this might be fun to watch what else
have we got get Santa and elf classic
National Lampoon's Christmas vacation I
am starting to get quite a pile down
there home alone too this is in the
wrapper because I bought on blu-ray last
year but I've been watching you on TV
Mulla is that your little spot by the
radiator she's so funny
does it smell nice does that smell nice
Polar Express you might want to watch
that that's not really a Christmas film
Santa Claus the movie you won't want to
watch that frozen he won't want to watch
that snowman snowman in the snow dog
they're not really long films to watch
wears like Love Actually oh I have it
inside this hmm
any more Oh jingle all the way where's
that oh there it is
oh and there's love actually I do have
it in an individual one I feel like
that's a good pile to start with let's
take this upstairs
Alfie's back uh I think you've got
enough dinner there a large rice a large
soup of in pot salad with three extras
large chips two portions of chicken if
you eat all that well probably won't
wait I won't survive did you get it at
work wake up alright also a sleeping
then should never wake up Oh God
you know I will actually be like so
impressed if you are I'm not sure if
actually horrified or impressed actually
a genuine thing if I worked out today I
would have yeah I think the gym touch
you remember when your appetite was
crazy like you honestly ate just all day
and the size of your meals well I got
about six miles yeah isn't that crazy
and I've just gone for a chicken burger
chips creamy mash and match Opie's and
we haven't attempted to look through the
pile of Christmas films yet we're just
gonna see if there's someone Oh No it's
doing that thing rats spitting I think
we're going to look and see if there's
anything on Netflix first avoiding the
brightness of our TV down it looks as if
you have yes when did you do that at
night time so it's not as garish on the
eyes hey if a little bit later now look
at the bags under my eyes they're really
bad you see by three hours well though
my headaches gone I'm still not feeling
right I'm like hot no cold but sweating
like a lot so I really hope I'm not
about to get really ill but I've come
downstairs as Alfie and because I happen
Santa's been I've had another P o box
delivery guys and so because I don't
want this video to literally just be me
going I don't feel right and I just been
asleep for like five minutes we're gonna
have a little look through this together
a big look a big look so also we've been
watching Sherlock you don't
no I haven't I watched too absurd so
much 131 and was very likes to say she
listened to the second at my eyes shirt
what was the story line about a baker a
butcher a candlestick maker no isn't
that the butcher the baker the
candlestick maker
oh oh yeah actually medicine nerdy
families I was asleep the whole time but
we have one bag each in chocolate yeah I
like doing this with people because I
think it's fun to piece in here huh oh
my goodness like oh it's like a thin one
it's my soap and glory that it's called
what's inside it guess I'm sorry
everything ready
yeah wow that would be a nervous please
whoa look at that oh that cleanser oh
it's like lots of better skincare
vitamin C facial wash it's lots of esky
all right can you see that yeah oh yeah
yeah yeah oh my god my skin formula oh
you met massage tonight joint meet a
yeah I can use that on your skin look
how cool these are Clarins crackers your
mum would love these maybe it yeah it
was gonna say let's take them for
Christmas Day it must say what's in them
on the back is there good stuff lip yeah
face balm oh nice oh my god the hand and
nail treatment cream is like one of my
favorite things again linkie oh they
sent me this the other day oh did they
what is it yeah I'm not too sure
I like HP in fact what a hairy sack hey
can I open things yeah please love kale
nice Marcus that's cool it's a little
nail kit and they put thank you for all
your support this year that's cute
one of the lychee everything from cat 1d
No
Kappa oh my god wait I'm being two-faced
Oh
oh my god do you know writing this is I
love Kat Von D makeup and I love to face
and then collaborate it surprises me the
Kat Von D wait up making other so are
they just it's half and half
that's so cool look look at this
whoa it's like this like a collaboration
yeah and then oh but you can
no it's magnetized this makes me some
happy her side you've got six eyeshadows
and then she's written something and
then I'm not so that's it this is
two-faced
I love ah I loved it their heart
separately yeah but that's like a good
pack knitler push it on that
yeah that's not no that is not coming
apart
Too Faced have the best like packaging
and like marketing two-faced on one side
Kat Von D on the other Tuesday other
merry merry cemetery oh my what is it
gonna be those ham things I said we
needed those we still do let ya measure
on the handbag no yeah yeah this is what
I need wanted this everyone needs one of
these for Christmas
this makes life so much easier doesn't
it remember last year note remember
earlier when we're trying to rap don't
present for what people had this it
would have been so much easier
Thank You sellotape ah
hmm my own brush with motion brains yeah
that's so cute
you know I literally said to mark
yesterday I don't think we own the
hairbrush only tangle Jesus I have a lot
pepper
Chloe dropping picks with love and
curators just the year Merry Christmas
that's cool is that for Julie or cake
you know I'm gonna do that make a giant
chocolate chocolate giant chocolate
snowflake oh look that's perfect thank
you very much you ever sent this to Zoe
balancing body mist what you feel when
the heart chakra is balanced oh that
smells lovely
smells like a spa oh that does smell
really good that's my night spa this
stuff excites me guys you know how much
I love Mary Mary like the stationery and
the baking stuff look at all these
little gift bags look at for customer
okay come on that's it the Christmas and
it rained in that's so cold and there's
more on the other side yeah look at that
get back no that's not a gift bag it
looks like a Santa sack it's like a tote
bag present sack oh that's so or nobody
here's a little bag for your back look
like that
that's so cute that's sick thanks I love
how it just opened everything straight
away their wings and thing for your head
I don't know if they're for kids or not
but I think they watch me
I think these definitely might be for
kids there you go
that is key my wings are tiny little
stalking it I so cute what's this big oh
no cat and dog crackers it's a look oh
my god that's so key they're amazing
thank you Mary Mary this looks like
Google what's happening phone there is
the new Google pixel guess who it's for
me yeah look hi Alfie I wouldn't you too
happy one of the first people to get
your hands on the Pixar one of those in
the CEO of YouTube the CEO of YouTube
that's cool gradually you might have one
in there
I don't think I do the pixel phone is
this what mady's got yeah
it's meant to be really good for camera
yes about - amazing yeah Susan if you
watch it thank you very much
yeah that's a big present it's kind of
like when I went through my PA box the
other day those really cool thing from
Amazon called an Amazon echo and I was
like oh the camera ran out oh I might
have to tilt it up a bit more what were
you saying
um I was saying that we got the echo and
and I was like this is so cool and the
minister said Alfie another haha because
I don't actually have a beer box but
people very rarely like to send things
to Zoe's address for me I feel like pa
boxes are ten times more exciting at
Christmas that's cool to hang on the
wall but like a door or something yeah
look since the last clip I've now got
some chocolate brownies salted caramel
where did you get that from Asda
can I try a bit it's incredible
isn't it good
how do I get this how a tube well that's
for you yeah in a sack
oh oh I got some of these in my other
wash what cool is now yeah I really like
this is number one out of a hundred
oh Allah is a full English breakfast
yeah yeah really cold
that is a Christmasy ball boys and if I
ever saw one like that is a massive but
it's crispy graduation cottage it does
just that
oh you might be on to something there
I'll be what I've been obsessed with
like the past week not week but like
forever but more so Christmas okay you
see the second I don't know what you've
been obsessed is enough Japanese they
say oh hey oh I know
shortbread Oh some Oh what are these
echoes echo but Shankar
I'm definitely butchering that how do
you say that echo fetchin echo fetchin
mince pies I didn't even know the
difference meters I hang ten of
shortbread look it's ODU and I have all
the large shortbreads we have a mini
Goff says can we tell them who the
shortbread is 54 I didn't know we had
some shortbread that we were going to
take to Tonya in Jim's yesterday because
Tonya also loves shortbread and I was
like oh that'll be a nice little thing
to take them and then I came downstairs
and the box was open I was like oh but
but you'd only open the outside box he
hadn't open
the insight one to actually eat any of
the shortbread it's like you'd opened it
thought by yeah yeah now that's needy
yeah
well it's a good job I didn't take it
round because they would have been like
um so sorry Tanya and Jim if you're
watching this we did get I didn't I
didn't know though so he forgot to
mention to me that they were for
somebody else and left them on the table
yeah I did actually forget to tell you
to be fair
look these are like the most festive tin
are you nothing wrong actually so
excited by this Thank You walkers mini
shortbread Christmas trees
oh hey idea - no you need to buy me for
Christmas Oh what I know nothing is I
don't need to but this Walker send it to
you a massive tin of shortbread be fear
rubbish mug
her cup of tea would be official yeah
you want to eat through shortbread I'm
Jessie in a hot tub of ice cream yeah
you have without my cup of tea and have
some shortbread in bed
look at the mess room John are you going
to tidy this all up tonight yeah no you
I do get a bit tomorrow we'll do it
together
ha ha ha I'm going to Louise's right so
that was my little PA box opening I
really hope you guys enjoyed it little
it wasn't letter at all actually and
there's still another bag which we
haven't gone through because I was like
we can't go through too many it would
actually take so long I'm sorry that the
blog was different today
don't apologize I know I just haven't
been well today at all um and that's
life isn't it Vasiliy then with daily
vlogging sometimes your busy days
sometimes you don't sometimes you don't
feel well yeah it's polgár nice
probably the whole time I was good al
feels like I haven't filmed anything but
how many other days have you filmed yeah
later all good and I didn't want to miss
one which is why I was like no let's see
this well I've got bit of energy in the
evening although I are apart I can't
work out from hot/cold thank you so much
for watching guys and I'll see you again
tomorrow
