good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 15
I am up and editing the vlog from
yesterday oh that's literally every
content creators worst nightmare I feel
like I'm constantly deleting footage so
that I have space for new footage gosh
I'm actually currently writing out
Christmas cards for penguin competition
winners so that's how I'm spending my
morning so if you see your card here
this was actually me writing it
banging back oh my god it's like in here
it's like up in your room and you're not
in there
that's so weird isn't it that's what
happened yesterday with puffy and I was
like maybe it's coming from this
cupboard so yeah but it's like the
regular do you know I mean it's like
someone right let's look out the window
on your balcony maybe it's like a
seagull mold he's an awesome pigeon
woman where did it go what mark it was
it was a massive basically it was huge
right where was the noise it was like
definitely like here there where's it
gone
correct shows up here huh it's obviously
eat something's eating something up here
oh my god that's so weird
it's weird that it's coming back the
same day to day yeah I'm gonna open the
door and like flew past my head
but how can a pigeon make that much
noise it was like banging what was it
doing making a nest do pigeons make
nests yeah inside right well let's
listen out for it again yeah you guys
know guys though some in this room I'm
gonna make us all some dippy eggs
because I was inspired by Sean's
breakfast yesterday we've got toast in
here
bulton water got the eggs okay so I have
found the best time to do boiled eggs is
four and a half minutes so I'm going to
put a timer on because actually although
it's fairly straightforward I've only
really just got it right can't set the
time
look how cute these little egg cups are
what came first chicken egg I've done a
mountain of toast love it here you are
my love we've got we've got editing club
going on this morning way so I'm going
to put that in the middle then we've got
some butter if you want somewhere and
then the wood and then the eggs which I
can't carry because I'm vlogging yay
dee-licious
d les yeux yeah this is it Oh didn't
know Nate yeah
is it Ronnie that's the question I don't
have a lot like faith oh yeah buddy
yeah four and a half minutes works a
charm
oh you happy fashions I mean he's named
action / action / eggshell excellent for
any of you wondering this is how Alfie
deyes eats a boiled egg it's not
normally I just got a bit carried on
happy you do do this not all the time
yes you do but now how are you gonna dip
your soldiers in gonna go nice on the
top dip them in but what if it's really
runny dream like it's gonna be money
what hopefully is running it was runny
when we first got them out I'm not sure
about now no no didn't man I can all
pass him but I can you know but it's
taken you five minutes to get a shell
first and now this one's gonna be cold
while you're in that one any rush yet
using a rush Alfie deyes doing a
dressing gown Alfie deyes eats most of
his meals cold
true or false I don't know Dan plenty
the issue of that I just know some
relaxed you know calm livestock
he has no rush to eat food when it's hot
there's no rush me and Mark finished our
eggs about 20 minutes ago yeah look at
that you still what's making their
leftover no I skipped all my egg ow
mark didn't even eat here it's quite
satisfying but you know how much I just
want to like squeeze it okay
the smell of your earth cow oh wow I
just blew it out with Windows oh listen
is bosun inhale oh why did I say I like
that you owe me and Mike I've got a new
handshake let's show you them really
yeah okay now really quick Oh
Oh what I think cuz because my hand is
so small right
you can't play can't see it yeah that
like Mark had a little delivery new
boots and a new shirt for tomorrow night
oh nice rec7 it's like yelling look at
this mean you know you're locked by mark
helpers dollar
Oh
Oh Oh kid out the bottom well if I dad
and I look at you both in mark don't
worry
fuck oh I'd like to get you out you're
so cool I know I need and go Nala quick
come on
Nala season come on no no I can't keep
it open for much longer
no I like wick she's dead she's dead
dragon like Italian yeah come on try
alcohol come on you first
oh come on Poochie she won't be too
tired you can do it yeah oh yeah Oh
bangle boom come on mark you can do it
daddy oh you can do it oh oh my god
first we always house hangout Oh No
the day's just gone it's me the day is
gone where's the day gone yeah yeah what
you mean whatever was it guys need to
like I just don't even really know where
like I don't know you know sometimes
when you're like I want to live every
second of the day like live in the
moment of every second of the day I just
feel like I haven't been doing that for
like the last week cuz every second
minute and hour is pulled from
underneath me and I just end up being
like a bug what have I even done since
we last spoke I wash my hair I put some
makeup on and I filmed a video
we've had lunch I've edited it's been a
very productive day hasn't it yeah
believe it I did I feel like if you
weren't here today yeah I would have had
like a breakdown then I would have wrong
yet below Zoe
calm yourself calm your titty remove it
you can't really be stressed when you're
in this room though can you know I mean
I know after we filmed your bed should
we just sit up here for a bit and open
the bath and Bodyworks passage yeah yeah
I made my retainer I'll remove my
retainer in Mark place another order on
Bath & Body Works although it was the
first order do you remember it was the
first order a place
mm-hmm months ago yeah um and then it
arrived about two weeks ago so we need
to go through that so excited yeah oh
this little bit it'd be a lovely
thumbnail except from like yeah look at
my jumper I love this jumper oh my god
it's like sequins I know this is a bit
scary I'm not gonna lie it's terrifying
thus terrifying what oh it's a bit
clowning Moon Man but look at Santa Oh
Santa looks jolly yeah I like it I like
it and really Wiltshire lend annoy true
like this height he sure got my fashion
these days oh I love it it's got tassels
on the bottom love it mark when you stay
here do you feel like this is your
bedroom
go girls are there yeah if you feel like
yeah this is your bedroom and not my
spare room I know I feel like when I'm
here I'm just like same room is always
can you imagine if I was like now I'm
gonna put you in the middle room yeah
you're in the hot tonight the log cabin
is they like to stay online ain't a log
cabin is a shed what I like when your
mom stayed here almost
because I was like no that's my room he
is joking but you're not really is and
it's like earlier on cuz I like to use
the shower in here and also alfie was on
a call in our room so I was like mark
can I use your shower
hahaha no it's my shower mark okay it's
alright if I use your shower it's like
yeah yeah it won't act my stuff how do
you know I used the marshmallow pumpkin
latte shower gel in my shower today
Robbie no they're just the shower gel
yeah it's really good use it tomorrow
so mark is now setting up for his video
but we're gonna film after I've had a
call with my therapist maybe that's a
good timing actually just as I was
saying I feel so stressed I'm like oh
I've got to call my therapist perfect
timing or it's perfect and Mark you're
like my second therapist I'm you're like
you're your lip oh are you more less
grounded therapist you know what me
well she's less qualified yeah well I'm
just like go crazy
boundaries cry dad yeah she's probably
waiting for me actually
oh well that's my cue to leave anyway
yeah I'm gonna go in and talk about
feelings and then we'll film a video so
us out for us great
also just FYI therapy isn't actually
just about talking about feelings which
i think is quite a misconception it's a
lot of just mind management and it is
the most interesting thing in the world
would couldn't recommend it highly
enough honestly everyone should be doing
it look at you with your peppermint can
you Christmas mug okay no fair do you
like our Christmas tree you know what it
reminds me of like for like every time
you ask me questions you're just looking
for like yes or no by always
- so much details another one I guess
sorry oh no it reminds me of like when I
used to decorate my arms tree but like
not saying that because you know how my
decorating skills are oh it reminds of
when I decorated my aunts tree when I
was four no it's just like very vintage
sort of like the pole oh yes
that's what I said and also the lights
cause they've got pink in it's like the
old school life flower lies I wish I had
some of that
so do I it must be someone eBay yeah
should be yeah yeah after this
ya know last year I'd smashed a ballboy
in John Lewis you know when you break
something in a shop it's the most
embarrassing moment oh yeah you know the
ones with the little um how do I
describe it you see on the top of the
ball ball it's got that metal bit they
don't Lausanne and it's stuck in with
like a prong so I picked it up by that
wasn't on enough thing just but then I
thought that's not my fault
no no uniform that wasn't made properly
is the architecture it's like you know
what it's like when a ball will smushes
it just goes into a thousand pieces and
I just felt so embarrassed I was a bit
like oh and it was so loud and everyone
looked at me and I was just like I'm not
smashing up this door I said well did
you look at the ball ball as I should
put carpet in shop so if you drop
something right look at this angle it's
like my little head in the corner I look
like such a like like an antique the one
the ball was I got from John Lewis a
shatterproof yes I've got some
shatterproof ones even the clumsy people
they won't have to worry
exactly exactly oh why is there just so
many weird noises I tracked him - no I
think someone's throwing something at
the window did you hear it yeah it was
like what but like metallic metallic
Nullah having a cuddle mark she's got a
little Christmas jumper so that's like a
Frenchie like this I think she looks
like a bat upside down door in the car I
somehow be persuaded you can see to go
to bingo food how is this happen
he's good he goes the most festive time
at the end bingo is the most fish yeah
because we can win 20 grand that's why
no you're not gonna win it
where's gonna throw out there you ain't
winning 20 grand wait come on do it
breaking up I wasn't gonna go because I
felt like I had so much I needed to do
and it doesn't have to say bingo doesn't
excite me as much - focus I don't know
it I just doesn't is it because you
think I'm gonna come back with an 87
your girlfriend yeah maybe
you smell like maybe you might call
Julie leave me for another woman
you choose bingo winner for no woman
120-pound I think I'd definitely be gone
I'll go back compare some habits we did
but you excited and we're gonna have a
good show I did I mean I'm sure anything
I do with these guys is fun anyway but
I'm just I don't know it can't get the
bingo excitement Holly's going well
honey that should be an ask me that
should be enough to meet you want to go
while I'm coming I'm going I'm gonna be
there so I'll let you know how bingo
goes and if I win 20 grand the things
you make me do
we're at bingo bingo
I've never seen mark so excited it's
just like another world I've had so many
stories about bingo hell I played you on
holiday people are like they go in and I
can't imagine what it must be like a
natural revered like venue bingo revenue
oh my good god ray
they do have a Christmas tree so I'm
sold you never know I could end up
loving it and coming every week I mean
look how happy that mean you don't want
to come every week but you do want to
love that I've got my own card mark I've
never seen it's so excited so excited
you actually look like an advert Gala
Bingo right cuz you've got like the same
color on ladies and gents melt
irrigators right to you buddy
so somebody in here will win that's one
row
how you find an energy it's really
intense really intense always very
serious nervous I thought it'd be more
like 27 like that's eleven point seven
enjoyed 67 are 153 yeah 2603 mean guys
done nothing so straight hired oh hi
Oh jaqen sooo finished and bingo I'm not
sure what I think about bingo Alfie was
like did you enjoy it
like honestly did you enjoy and I was
like honestly like not really like it's
not I dunno like these games like you
only know me so I was like I don't know
where the fun is
so getting off those numbers intense
it's like oh I think it's cuz I get the
fear of calling out if I win do you know
what I mean yeah I can't enjoy it but
you see how many how often do someone
win every 30 seconds that could ya
behind is just a good chance as ever we
don't win free money no because it means
you have to go yeah alright now losing
yeah but you can you just get all your
mark to do that yeah I don't know I'm
maybe you should just take mark when you
go oh one one the least amount of money
you can which is a tenner
you take it only like four quid to pay
yeah sighs um one lady one twenty
thousand pounds which I cried at my I
couldn't stop crying it was so emotional
he was so cute I'm just so shocked and
everyone was like graduating her and it
was so lovely um I just don't know how
often that happens do you think that
happens a lot or not I've never not
under 40 mates and then we saw her
having a picture on the stage with our
big pretend check oh I just saw a
Christmas tree I had warm lights and
cool lights mmm
all mixed together I looked quite nice
actually we're heading back now
uh we're gonna go and get a wagamama
which let me tell you it's safe I I've
been excited for it all day
Oh mark I need to give you your
Christmas present I won't nervous to
give you your lies Lisbon don't be silly
don't be silly
wrap your willy don't be silly wrap
you'll really love your work out because
halfway through your whipping boy you
know what say bonjour now in the funnies
Vega but yeah no you say it
no you say it I'm driving for a figure
no you can think on your nighttime very
simply come on there's no messing about
in the car because he doesn't know it's
because he doesn't like doing things
your people asked him to come on say
buongiorno in the funniest where you can
dinthaana concentrate you down guys
Bornu noon say something hey just
January and the funniest that you can
you shall do January
Jean you Harry a woodchuck Jan you're
Arry Oh Jan oh Jan you are Harry that
you re do you lie she lie you lie
do you like Ju lie back a moment has
arrived and now me and Mark wanted to
have a welcome others as tradition yeah
because one of the first times mark came
round was obviously vlogmas last year
actually that was the second time he'd
come round but it was like to proper
hang out wasn't it because the time for
that we just like filmed yeah
um so if they that was fifth day of what
broker always it of course i know
everybody so in true tradition can you
actually believe a year has gone since
we were sat like this I was out there
you inside there yeah we were singing
last Christmas I gave aha
yeah tell you what mate you guys let's
blonde my hair roller has a hedgehog I
remember like well no you are I'm going
back blonde I we all just fell asleep on
the sofa and now I'm so disorientated
and hot I don't know what the day is
don't know what the time is
- no way I'm we're just now getting
ready to go to bed
need to take our makeup off and drink
like a liter of water because our mouth
is so dry I really hope you guys enjoyed
today's video make sure to give it a
thumbs up if you did and I will see you
again bye
