good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 21
what have you done puppy Nala has worked
out how to push her pen if to try and
get our attention what this isn't how we
left it
you silly girl no you're so funny you're
so funny
how have you pushed it that far Nala
how do you do that oh there we go
claw someone's hyper this morning I'm
all ready for the day the only thing we
do need to do because we didn't do it
yesterday got like super curly friend
I've put it in a little bun because it
looked crazy this morning
the only thing we didn't get to do
yesterday which we now need to do is
wrap presents and we're already running
really behind Oh
I have however edited and scheduled my
vlog which I'm really happy about but
yeah now we need to wrap all the
presents that we're taking back to
Wiltshire so this should be fun um
excuse me elf Nala that's not helpful
Nullah what do you think you're doing
walking all over the wrapping paper you
naughty girl Nala this is really
unhelpful you're sat on the rewind
calendar can you move excuse me can you
get off that please thank you no one
wants your bum on that I'm wrapping this
up for my Nana and granddad for
Christmas which I'm sure they'll love
also I got my nan some personalized
biscuit ears biscuits
I'm having a bit of trouble because I
don't know which tin has been
personalised and that's an issue because
I don't want to have to unwrap I know it
wasn't that one
I think it was one of these three and I
had it I had one of the biscuits say
Merry Christmas nan and I I don't know
how I'm ever going to find out which one
it was so I don't want to end up giving
a box to someone else with Merry
Christmas nan on it just opened it so
carefully to check and I was like I'm
going to have to check all three boxes
if we don't pick it up what are the
chances of it being the first box you
okay right let's cover that over and
secure that back down that could have
been disastrous now look you never know
perfect
one of Joe's presence is a mattress
topper now I just want to try and show
you how big leakage horse is no because
he's gonna open this before this vlog
goes up is he yeah
also he sort of asked for it so I'd be
surprised if he didn't know what it was
oh yeah if we pick that up without the
handle which kind of broke so maybe we
leave a little hole for the handles and
which threw something why don't we just
wrap it round
I don't really know maybe we just don't
wrap that I know that we came out she
just put some like good a bow on it this
way
you're not going to fold the edges over
so we're gonna have to go around that
way and we're on that way yeah mercy
okay let's just put a loop in the car
yeah listen I've been yeah with the
vaccine well it I have to huh okay so
the presents are wrapped just about here
they are ready to be loaded into the car
we have a massive pile of everything
else that we need to put in the car and
I am so hungry and we need to get petrol
so we're definitely gonna be late which
ain't good
I hate being late it makes me feel so
like on edge and stress at the whole
time I was trying to wrap the presents I
was like Alfie I feel so stressed
because we're going to be late and he's
like well there's nothing we can do
about it now so there's no point being
stressed I was like yeah that's very
true oh okay have I packed everything I
need to pack that is the question um my
laptop charger Oh books so I need to
give a copy of girl online going solo to
my family and Penguin recently sent me a
box of books so I can take some of those
back with me and make sure my family
have a copy for ah I am
so excited to finally leave take it a
while this is I yeah
Oh
it's time for a pit stop there he is I
hope me and we stop to get some diesel
and maybe a bottle of water and that's
the update how are you finding the
journey so far another me loving it
she's been so good hello hello we're not
gonna be long pup
he's so annoying look every took so long
I told him not to it's Christmas time I
told you to be quick and you're like
sold for dling around looking for food
bloody ell this sausage rolls okay let's
go shall we hit the road look I bought
for myself called Omni had an illusion a
really long time okay let's get out of
here we're in for a road trip 2.0 alphas
got the camera just thought I'd let you
know can you see it all the way our old
cheers mate there look at that
we're stuck in Stonehenge traffic the
reason I call it Stonehenge traffic is
because there's never any reason why
Karl's don't move quickly on this road
besides the fact that everyone slows
down to look at Stonehenge and it just
creates traffic look at it it's cool
though have you ever actually been to it
to see it no I've never been
have you no no there's so many people up
there have you been yeah I went in as
part
you can't touch the stone sir can you
know you can't even get close to them
they're all barrier dogs do you think
aliens put them that no what do you
think it was that I think it was aliens
no I think it was just like no I shade
yeah
cavemen or the Ice Age because do you
know the different theories of how
they're so good I say as in when when
when the Ice Age happened known
everything melted everything froze and
rocks and that moved and then when the
water and when the ice life rose they
stayed where they were so I think that
is one theory of why they're there and
then other theories obviously aliens
putting them there but why would aliens
don't like well how could cave and carry
them of all the things a Lian's
could do why should they create
Stonehenge
Lanta look like I mean look up look
Irish people that are watching looking
at some stones nowadays what does
surprise there's a thousand people there
they've not fallen down in any wind
nothing like they are the thing I hate
that they are there in a perfect circle
we're in like the perfect there's like a
thousand people walking around them
these aliens are probably watching been
like four idiots really to put them
there thousands of years ago they still
just watch them maybe they're like alien
I'm capsules and there's things inside
them or we don't know about them yet
because we all just look at them from
afar yeah maybe if you did touch them
but because nobody's ever touched them
if you poked one in the right place if
you poked one in the right place the
craziest stuff would happen like they
would all like stop moving around and
float up in the sky a real reason for
them and none of us know what it is yeah
do you know I mean that's a portal to go
into another universe yeah now I'm not
really too sure what my theory is why
they're there because they're too heavy
the thing is it's don't hench for anyone
that doesn't know is those stones are
too heavy to lift
like no man it's those stones of course
they're like bigger than ten times
bigger than his car and also how would
they have done them to be how they are
you know also like those such perfectly
shapes kind of thing it's not like
there's not a square and then a big
circular one and down over time ah yeah
maybe that's the sort of thing I'm like
itching to Google now because I did
learn about it when I was younger but I
don't remember
so now I want to do Colette me you can't
you drive and feel very well get them
again
we've arrived we're at nanan granddad's
although my son took us the weirdest
route and it took us like twice as long
you know what that is
chef Jose here what we bought none in
cotton - yeah we put it some people use
over
we bought burned on a surfboard for
fucking board for the bar I'm looking at
it like what is that what is that lucky
why does is it well that would be
killing Oh Steve mister DJ you know DJ
dance turntables Joe how was your
journey here let's rustle it oh yeah
fucking shoot me someone's here NOLA
that's rude
what did she do she like knocked this
off was this on here Nancy
Oh hold on single yeah right on a hanger
so everybody's help over there
avoid don't ya
look at the size of these wait sit next
to it to show the size wait they're so
heavy try to look that anyone's allowed
us up this guy's is so heavy but oh my
no I like covered in glitter mum says
that this is one of the best ones and I
said I don't thirty minutes as well
thank you mom very much boy yes remonda
then it really quickly come on yo guys
we're all in this together
she just seen it Christmas which one's
your favourite granddad you can just
opened it I think any scene one day it's
only on January
no he's on like the weird thing is like
a removable ropes yeah yeah I remember
their clothes everything it's amazing
how close the clothes look as well every
picture I leave a little link where you
can get a thug life calendar in the
description
yeah this one that much
yeah this one yeah I remember it yeah
it's good isn't it
they had to make these clothes
especially to fit me now because
obviously don't still have these ones so
they did a really good job of
replicating it yes sir one yeah that's
the next one April
mum's opening her presents now and I
mean Jurgen GU Jones number dog
it's like my favorite bath stuff do you
do it's not a DVD
Nullah you would never guess that Nan's
giving Nala treats look at her
ah yes I'm talking about you their bath
oils but they're my favorite bath oils
ever ever switch do you tie it here it's
farmer Joe so hey we're farmer America
thatcherjoe of a farmer game I like cat
please eat me yeah there he is
yes bad and I is it real really real
you've arrived at my dad it's been a
really long day I don't really know why
this day seems to be going on and on and
on different integers Rajesh what what
they watch is big that is
oh no oh my god no
like falafel match for this guys getting
an ant bite his fries look I'm so like
as one of the most deadly demos be made
let me in South skin scrubs water boy
stop fighting point down that's the
worst thing is it my son go
there is the sting insertion point right
there oh my gosh really tight and for
dinner so we're having our like pre
Christmas Christmas dinner now with my
dad Alfie Joe and me is the table all
set up and ready bang right spamming
jogiya yummy yummy yummy I'm so excited
to eat this look my dad's done something
really fancy with the carrots
it's like slice them part hats on oh let
me read you a joke you ready what do you
call a penguin in the desert no idea no
idea
so dad sense of humor dad what you call
a penguin in the desert too hot lost Joe
you should know this one at The Londoner
what color is the Northern Line on the
London Underground black correct why
we're Cinderella no good at football
Jen oh oh I like this sure nobody to be
with no sure go shoot because her coach
was a pumpkin battle buddy I like that
number
Oh
ah ah they are the coziest pillows
there's pillow two pillows that's so
good Oh Jerri um okay dad do you wanna
do be honest thing carry that one is oh
you say that if you don't keep you don't
this is also for you I'm a big fan of to
say another nap we're not in it oh it's
the topper
it's the typewriter we've all been
obsessed with yes nice want to go home
now two things you should always invest
in and that's your bedding and your
shoes no decent shoes decent bed because
right heywhy if you're not in one you're
in the other you spend you spend more
than half your life in your bed I spend
three cores my life mother oh it smells
nice physical miss consumption right
Jimmy misconception no shit I'll because
the coin misconception that you should
like learning like this but then you
create a gap here anything I can't get
the angle come on nice sorry Jerri you
create like a dick on your neck and
that's when you get bad neck I love all
its life advice you're giving us around
beds needs is pay for example this was
stiff cuz she's right so you meant
actually put this cushion on did Burnett
matches learn everything master ball
slightly upside down though
yes and when we're don't even worry
about make up a tiny car dream so whoa
what were you getting always wrong so
much crap okay now open this one Oh what
is that Nala is this actually for a dog
oh this is from my dad for me and I'll
fate want it cause I do really good
present
oh wow
to be proper yeah you're like joking
yes jokey peasants in the next that's
really good thank you thank them so my
dad's had this printed we let mental I
love it
also why do you have such a huge collar
look at your collar shirt since 1972
I'll be white so big love it this is the
last present
my dad knows I like puzzles so he
printed off did you write wake up yeah
so he had this picture turned into a
puzzle I said I think he got very happy
with the personalization
he also said I'm like getting to get in
trouble is that copyright Linda is it
okay for my dad to use this picture on a
puzzle is it a bit weird if I do a
puzzle of myself
can you imagine if people come around oh
what's your puzzle oh just me
madness did it was gonna be look at it
oh yeah the gold 500 is actually a lot
of pieces as well pieces are all the
same yeah is that why you picked this
picture you're like that'll be a hard
one you'll never do it no it's cool
though thank you back in my old room
well not this isn't the one I used to
film in but it looks the same and I say
that every time I'm here because it
actually does
you may think Zoey what on earth is on
your face this is the Mario Badescu
drying lotion that i put in my favorites
video um just put that on a couple of
little blemishes cuz why not let it get
to work I hope put it all on my face and
I went oh damn it have an end to my vlog
yet laughs it was like for the matter of
like mad doesn't matter
we've just on our teeth and got ready
for bed and then our fee was like is it
fun if I have a bag of his crisps and
don't blame it all yeah and I want to
try these in fact I'm gonna try one now
so I'm tried one yet and apparently
they're life-changing also we are watch
this escape to Witch Mountain which is
the film it's the film that you guys
helped me work out what it was I
downloaded it on
Ching so we're about to watch it Nola's
asleep between alfea's legs she likes to
sleep between two legs I think it's like
because then it makes her feel like
she's in a bed no I was make she's
cooking just lean on things yeah um I
agree exists I can't with one hand
thank you how do I need you why thank
you I love this room look at the light
the fairy lights it feels very
Christmassy you didn't tear it right I
did
did I Jinta low enough Hey
all of our string above the seal oh
there we go
oh that cookie dough bites they're not
invite these are Nuggets are you ready
yes your mouth close your eyes no you'll
add a peak I didn't how insane is that
look at them oh my god
and I give my puppy mm-hmm these are
insane like whose idea with that ah so
the size of a clunker yeah oh no I lost
mine in the bedroom no you do that no I
put it back anyway
we're gonna eat sugar no we gonna eat
snacks made by money mmmm and watch this
film and probably fall asleep but I
really hope you had a lovely day and
that you've enjoyed the vlog um I don't
know what else to say
apart from that I hope you've enjoyed
the vlog and I hope that a lovely day
and those are two very important things
give the video a thumbs up if you're
feeling Christmasy and I will see you
again tomorrow
oh good night night guys
