good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day what day is it 1890 No maybe
not maybe a g8 eNOS
I'm off oh I can't see their Alfie where
are you he did
hello I am off to Northampton today to
go and see Louise which I'm very excited
about it's a long journey and actually I
don't feel great still not gonna lie
I've just got like the sweats and I'm
not sure working out and I haven't been
working out so you know that's not good
sort of sweats and it's freezing outside
and I'm still sweating and I just didn't
really have a very good night's sleep
but I think it will be really nice
Louise will look after me we'll have a
cozy day and I think as long as I'm
clever with when I leave to come home
there should be no issues what you doing
today do you know what just realise
what's good about Louise's what
Northampton have a drive through
Starbucks don't they on a day your new
house yeah that's what I miss right
going to Louise's is the drive-thru
stuff huh I'm sure she'll really love
that sentiment yeah what you doing today
up I believe or not then Christmas
shopping in London ah Alfie is doing his
Christmas shopping
not on Christmas Eve I don't normally
leave it that way but I'm normally
better than what happened this year you
do leave it quite late sometimes and
they're just so hard to buy for
oh they are we've already got most like
main presence it's just like little
stocking bits isn't it what 7 for you
oh are you mostly going to buy for me no
gonna buy for everyone well I hope you
have a successful day I think I think
it's going to get the only thing I'm
worried about is just carrying the bags
on London when you're shopping in
Brighton you can obviously drop this off
back in your car whenever you want
yeah even pop home if you want it when
I'm in London I have to carry everything
all day after then you can put some in
the backpack I would have to
strategically think what items I want to
buy and get the heaviest ones at the end
of the day on purpose because imagine if
I walk into a shop and I'm like those
who love that ironing board Noreen I an
ironing board Oh
you know Jacob but I didn't like
something that I imagine if I'm looking
obviously if I'm with your KitchenAid oh
you wouldn't be everything I'm on all
day yeah you won't be which a so I don't
really don't know how it's gonna work
you have to call up a few friends who
live in London below can I pop over to I
see I don't hang out no can I just drop
my shopping bags off ah yeah how many
days until Christmas now mister 18th
that's six days no isn't it seven days a
week huh it's a week today it's a week
today yeah seven days left you've
encountered an seems like I'm not being
funny but how quickly is this month gone
stupidly quickly but it always makes me
sad because I look forward to this time
of year so much and then when it's
actually here it just wizards oh it has
gone quickly bar think how long ago we
were in Edinburgh that feels like ages
ago
oh yeah actually that must feel like
ages ago and that was the start of the
manor okay all right seven days until
Christmas that does terrify me because
in that time we're driving back to have
Christmas with my family driving back
again and in that time we have to
somehow wrap everyone's presents one by
them well I'd buy them for you I
thankfully I've got most people's
present meantime you finished quite
everything for me yeah yes I have I
really don't know but I'm just gonna say
this now this year I found it really
hard you know just get each other like
barely any presents I had something I
wanted to get you and it's not what you
think it is and I couldn't get it VA I
don't know what everything so I mean
just pissing all over it before it
happens but when we get when I get back
tonight
and you'll get back tonight hopefully or
maybe tomorrow tomorrow we're gonna have
a day of food shopping getting how-to
sorted why it's the proper last work day
tomorrow
we need to work okay maybe on Tuesday
then should we do that on Tuesday that
first kill day yeah it's tomorrow sighs
oh you're Nina okay
do you have to I do have two more videos
I need to film the last walk away it's
mine anyway I really need to get on the
road because Louise is waiting and this
is gonna take me a while to get there so
I'll see you later Alfie I love you
goodbye
oh yeah did she put little snacks in the
car for me oh you're so cute I don't
open the door and I was like ah a bowl
of water a lucozade sport and a little
tub of chocolate rice krispies alright
that makes me want to cry oh hi I don't
know because it feels so real and
emotional christmas is gonna be so easy
I'm gonna get your Babs option you're
gonna cry
yes oh okay right I do you see your
Christmas present did I leave in the car
oh right crispy right I don't need to
take this then I was gonna take this
don't need it you're gonna come say bye
oh I can't carry this and then send out
I can't on look this is the bottle of
water Alfie put in and then there when
these are the shortbreads I brought look
he's brought me some M&S chocolate
cornflake cakes why is he so cute okay
right it's time to set up and get going
on the road begun Duncan Trussell
oh this is like the worst ever and I
really need a way I'm really trying not
to think about the fact that I really
need a way because there's no services
there's nowhere to pull over I don't
know when this time it's going to end
because I can see for about two miles
and they're still traffic and it's not
getting any quicker
and the thing is is I'm really thirsty
but I don't wanna drink because I don't
know where this traffic ends and if I
drink I'm going to need a wee or a
really good way
come on Goodson
shabanam been amazing
okay
- no captain we go
did you want to take it down just take
it down I'll pretend
I'll pretend you have no I got to be
real Zoey got to be real real hi no I am
just like this just like blended enjoy /
when I get back we're gonna belong on
our laptop my work yeah yeah literally
and so far new attitudes yeah remember
this one um you know what they say
poppadom nope wrong Karanka reckford
good day yeah your house is so cozy and
I feel so Christmas I'm so hot oh yeah
yeah physically hot
I need a freezing cold or boiling hot I
want to open the patio you can if you
want you got you Sam awesome yeah got my
on I just leave it on you'll be fine
yeah by the presents oh it's so festive
in here
I know if you do give up give up very
gently oh you smell mom come on this
gently Oh
just put your foot in my vagina do you
think he can smell the dog yeah what
does that mean
I'm gonna bite can you imagine
yeah a little itchy finger road Savage
you're so pretty
Oh what was that well thanks for setting
up the outside house from each ma
I still haven't taken off my hat we went
in God dominoes while we didn't go
anywhere together we ordered it online
but in true tradition to me this is the
first year we've done our Christmas
gathering with no men and no children
but yet this is the first year long time
I've had a good man and a great child a
great child yeah exciting times exciting
times to the design
we're doing a live show know what Oh
Jimmy are we yeah yeah yeah one yeah
when we did what is it
remember in my front room and that's an
Pina yeah oh my god and Alfie was there
and we were pretending that we weren't
together and we did a live show know
what means you made that video my front
read back but I have like the purple
curtains and you had your hair like a
pump let me have the worst hair we could
watch it there not even a funny one oh
my god yes you had the video of the
worst hair and I had the videos of us
mayor I've still got that for me when
there was that glowing thing in the sky
when you had flower in your hair
no chummy oh my god I know the webcam
video yeah yeah you made those private
yes Oh what can we watch them yeah okay
I really want to watch that you save
them in the year do it reacting to my
first video
oh my god we have to there see I don't
make any of mine privately you prompted
all of you haha
yeah do you remember that one we made it
with our favorite and you bloody hate it
because you're like I hate that video
because you're likes a tree or currently
on the side of the bed birth like four
months prior and I'm like like in the
back right I know what you mean now oh
my god a wall so bad yeah oh I thought
you're talking about when we just filmed
the what what is it challenge no oh my
god this will be like that but do you
remember we filmed a little like vintage
Hall yeah charity shop you said what
that up and we make a lot all your
videos prefer maybe when we do the will
do the reaction took video for like one
month so I'm quite a bit more yeah
Tommy do your most excited for Christmas
with dominoes and Grinch dance
now do your Grinch impression feeling
genuinely concerned this is delightful
I'm so happy right now
I've got pins and needles really bad
we're just filming a video and look at
our setup this is like Professor this is
the most professor this is literally
like how we used to film yeah they say I
love it don't you I don't try I'm going
louise has just given me my presence
I've just filmed that whole video with
lipstick like this I don't even know to
treat a little AB on the end
oh no tell me you think you can see I do
do an ad on it just like that time you
had flower in your hair okay should I
cut this out earlier is it oh do you
know I've just realized no trying gas to
me is the most flattering angle let me
join you we just realized that six focus
if it's Christmas Day a week no like
give me a clue I do you did that you
were wearing a hat all day yeah I
haven't taken one hell that was your
realization yeah because I turned on my
camera and I was like oh
still got my own tell me two things
you're excited for for the new year
I am excited this sounds pretty lame but
for my new weekly schedule so I'm just
going to try and be a bit more like
fixed about my days to yags um and I'm
also excited about a trip to Disney
World
Oh loving in February oh I looking time
to go as well because literally reason
it of an on month today no offence of
your birthday's in February or you know
your wedding or other whatever the Matis
occasion um that's two things we're
touching lots of little travel things to
excited about on some other bits and
bobs to the comic book work it will be
um I'm excited for life Wow
I'm excited for that you're about as in
Susan this is I was in your main Channel
video where I like another hat smell
okay so I'm excited like you I've done
myself a new schedule because I feel
like in January that's when you get a
bit more organized yeah and I'm as I
said did I say in this or in your live
show I said in your live show so for my
new year I'm doing a year of self-love
so sounds like which sounds like
something else but it is and it's just
looking after myself a bit more so I
want to do lots more things for me and
things are very like fulfilling don't
require me a mint I think were key
projects that take up a bit more time
I'm also excited for two quite big
things that are happening but I can't
say any more than that we're so
mysterious Oh mysterious girl Wonder
Girl oh thank you but your body close to
mine
alright look should we go and get mint
the chocolate cream rabbit ears a shot
of peppermint what can you have those or
if they got like no mmmm no zerah zerah
zerah through one but I'm just not
feeling very well
so I shouldn't probably have anything
creamy anyway
bring the car we just having a little
drive around going to look at
some really cool Christmas lights and
u-visa seem because we were saying how
one of our favorite things to do
or it's Larry one of our favorite things
to do is to nosey inside people's houses
at Christmas see as they look from
heaven yes don't not go inside or pair
in through the window
just when you drive past you can see
everyone's Christmas trees and their
windows it's like so festive and Louise
is like oh my god I know some really
great houses let's go there and being
docile the luxury street so kids you're
gonna have to give Darcy a big cuddle
for me yeah that's where we're heading
now look oh my god trees were so cool I
love those ones that like drop I love
that they do all the hedges along the
side they've all gone for cool lights do
you think they had a little meeting a
crier to like tacky colored lights and
tinsel on their phone some giant pinball
haha this one's got a black bear
oh those net lights actually look very
impressive and you that are very
accurate yeah isn't ah that must have
taken ages that they've lined the par oh
yeah they must do I was saying this the
other day how do these people know how
to put lights on the house don't land
curat Lee look at the tree down man I
used to babysit round her yeah yeah I
grew up near here nicer ride my bike and
babysit and I put little flyers around
everyone's doors I mean one word art if
you know
oh yeah clipart to the part that's it
and I called myself a commentary park
babysitter I listed all my skills and
one of my skills was half own transport
but it was my bike Oh bless you
oh that's so funny I also call it semi
fluent in French because I was to doing
for my friend she's yes because you
could say boys you yeah cool
so that this one's got a laser and laser
projection I love it
where do you even get those from don't
know like you have to go on eBay and
type in like house projector Christmas
house projector
while this one this way got laser Laser
laser sir Wow
wowee that's so cool
imagine if like one of your viewers
lives here like my house yeah that's why
I was cool Oh they've decorated every
tree in their garden in lights oh this
just looks so Christmasy like the ones
are accurate can that bad boy
so would you do your whole house in
colored lights
I like to think next year I'm going to
be with more class scenes and my like
kid I love in school that's nice it's
time to go home time to go home is that
saucer I have no idea I was alive
winging it back here mm-hmm
thank you for having me that's all right
chopper anytime that your tiny head it's
so small so spikey
that's gonna be the new pin yeah bye
Mikey okay so I'm about to hit the road
you're not feeling too peachy so
hopefully this is a good journey I think
I don't know whether it's the lack of
bronzer the dark lip or I just look very
pale all I look how I feel
basically yes thanks for that
Bonnie I would buy any day's really
appreciated me in this bit of sticky out
here um I like similar thanks see you
when I get home look who I've just gone
and picked up did you have a nice day
we're buzzy yeah
oh I'm back in my bed now and I've got
Sherlock on because I am now officially
obsessed with this I don't know how I
never watched this before it's so good
and I think that there's a new one on
New Year's Day which I'm so excited
about but I'm watching episode two
because I actually fell asleep when this
was on yesterday so I'm watching this
one now
I had the nicest day it was so nice
getting to go and see Luiz and now I
think I just need to like sleep off
whatever this illness is I'm literally
shivering in bed but I feel hot it's
just the weirdest thing I really hope
this doesn't turn into anything please
keep your fingers crossed I really don't
want to be ill at Christmas
I wasn't ill at Christmas last year but
I was the year before it seems to be a
reoccurring theme um so I'm hoping
forget a bit of sleep I'm gonna wake up
tomorrow and feel much better I really
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog today
give it up if you did and I'll see you
again tomorrow
