good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 24
we have reached the end of vlogmas and i
am actually so gutted that i'm so ill i
had hardly any sleep last night i woke
up in a pool of my own sweat
it's taken me everything I have in me to
get dressed and put some makeup on but I
am NOT gonna let it defeat me I still
want to go to NIC and Amanda's hopefully
I feel okay to go to church and sing
carols we will see I'm playing it by ear
today I also really don't want to push
myself because I'm aware that with the
flu you're supposed to stay in bed and
drink fluids and not really do anything
and that's not what I'm doing but
honestly if you could say to me when
would be the worst time of the year for
you to get ill I would say now I would
say Christmas I look forward to this all
year I'm so annoyed I haven't had the
flu since I was like 21 but myself and
Alfie are trying to get everything done
through fair Alfie's been like running
around like a headless chicken because
both our to-do lists combined have now
mostly turned into Alfie's to-do lists
because I don't have much energy so he's
currently cleaning out Percy I'll
probably go and help and I'm just
finishing off the Christmas Eve boxes
I've put the boys pajamas in there and
now I'm gonna put some lush bits and
pieces in because as you may have seen
in one of my previous vlogs I got sent a
lot of lush stuff so I thought it would
be nice to distribute it amongst the fam
because I know they'd really really like
it so these are the bits I'm going for
snowman shower jelly Bucks Fizz body
conditioner Snow Fairy body conditioner
very very Christmas and bubbly I keep
forgetting one for me
I've bought five oh well I don't need
one and then I've got various different
like bath bombs and bubble bars in these
little gift bags oh gosh
again I seem to have five but that's
fine everyone else can have them and I
can share without fear
Christmas Eve boxes are done okay now I
need to set the table I haven't really
got anything in mind with setting the
table so I'm just gonna freestyle I
think
and there we go that's the basic premise
I do think we'll probably have to move a
lot of this when all the food comes out
but for display purposes this is the
Christmas table and now I need to go lie
down
I feel like an awful lot of this vlog
today it's gonna be me lying on a sofa
showing you what I'm watching on TV
currently it's Harry Potter and the
Chamber of Secrets my favorite Harry
Potter
Alfie's just on the guinea thank you
Alfie and now he's doing his edit Missy
move having a little chill out on the
sofa are you excited to see buzzy are
you excited to see buzz are we gonna
have Christmas together I'm also just
making my thumbnail for yesterday's vlog
as well the most frustrating scene in
Harry Potter he did not say Diagon Alley
he said diagonally why did he do that
silly Harry poor guys look at Nala
she's like asleep but I got sent this
little headpiece you're gonna get up
were you just gonna be asleep oh I got
sent this last year I think or was it
the start this year maybe and it's a
little headpiece it's like a reindeer
making news sleepy
shoo Guernsey buzzy oh look at you you
look so funny without your ears al
healthy look at her you've got your
chest on show you look so cute Nala
we're now getting
he to head over to a Mandarin X for some
lunch the little headpiece did not last
very long she wanted to take it off but
look how best if the fireplace looks I'm
so happy with it
she looks lovely and I've put our
Christmas Eve boxes down here yeah looks
really festive it's not the Thai deist
but we can have a little tidy up when we
get home so that's all fine we will have
a tiny bit of time when we come here
where no one else is here so I think at
that point we'll probably have a little
blitz up just tidy everything and make
sure everything is where it needs to be
basically but um yeah I guess now she
knows she's like I'm coming now we're
gonna head over for our Christmas Eve
lunch which I'm really excited about
because Amanda and Nick's house is
always so festive I always love it how
cute are these Argo covers by the way
these are by Sophie Allport
and they came into my peer box and I
just think they're the cutest thing ever
I've just taken we had some robin ones
on there before and I've just replaced
them with the Christmassy ones and the
Christmassy oven mitt and of course I
have some tea towels which are festive
also I'm going like OTT on the cheese
board when my friends came when did they
come in November and I did like my
practice Christmas dinner and I cooked
for all of us and I asked Alfie to go
out and grab me a cheese board it's
basically the biggest one he could find
and he came back with this Daniel one
which is huge
but very easy to fill I have to say and
poppy and Shawn were in charge of all
the cheese's so we have some in here
which is why this room sting
didn't need to go in the fridge and
Sweeney and then we have some in the
fridge as well and all of the lovely
crackers and I've got like chutneys have
also got chutneys downstairs
more like Christmassy bits
I've definitely overbought but then
things like crackers you can just carry
on eating whenever so but yeah that is
gonna be one epic cheese board so I'm
really excited for that not that I'm
actually a big lover of cheese but
camembert crackers and salted butter and
grapes
I do like so I'm here for the cheese
board even if I'm not here for all the
cheese's on the cheese board I changed
her coat because the other one wasn't
festive enough and then I found this one
Nullah you look oh it's like they
instantly make her really sleepy you
look like Santa pop and I love it
everything's like prepared in the house
everything's ready to go
you know I mean yeah like what's done is
done
presents are done the food shopping is
done actually prepared the turkey and we
got it from
it was Jamie they're sorted us out with
a cherry he brought a Kelly bronzed
turkey a wild turkey apparently yeah so
I'm very excited to try this
thanks Jamie thank you very much
Amanda's got that and she's like
prepared it all and like stuffed it all
because that's slightly beyond our
capability isn't it although it came
with an instruction book yeah even comet
earth in the upin so I did check it but
now I'm really excited about that I'm
hoping I get my appetite back
I just said to Alfea like this is all
the best three days of food you know
it's really good though
they've been serious is when you're ill
you feel more ill in the mornings in the
evenings at Christmas time you eat in
the middle of the day
oh that's true so what we're going to
have our dinner like whatever
tomorrow probably like three four
o'clock so that will be when you're
feeling the best so turkey will be had
for sure
a Christmas yawn Merry Christmas my good
man who wouldn't be showing us all her
presents that she's wrapped and oh my
funny actually God Alfie's is like half
of this bag and then the rest is yours
and this is mum and dad and there are
stuck in like oh my god it's gonna take
us over a day oh my god this looks
amazing this is the Jamie Oliver's
Turkey and what is it
Turkey and Link
it looks so good Amanda to be honest
these are like my two favorite things in
the world with pie and there's hot this
version she has Oh poppy you have to eat
this whole pie yeah why it's like the
size of the play
what's wrong we're playing the name game
yes oh do we not go around
no am i a man yeah am i singer no am i
female no I woke up in my viewpoint Oh
am i a male yeah
am i singer yeah good boy
from the movie yes no no no no what by
the man yeah I'm not saying no am i
actor
no you wouldn't say if that person is an
actor well you are yes but you're a man
no no bye bye see you on the flip side
absolutely not
okay bye that would take you but Bay Bay
Bay Bay Bay Bay yes it's a lot of
pressure as well er right
oh boy what something you're gonna sing
when we get in there
I wish I actually find it really cringe
when you think much there the other end
of the lyre
well if you don't want to sit near mum
and dad or go in in love are you going
in this way butchy FISA nearly tripped
over
hi Merry Christmas we have arrived we
came in the front of the church and
decided to anyway around block takeover
is happening boys here
I'm fifty obviously you're doing this
with me but yeah basically became in the
front of the church we decided to walk
all the way around sit the very back
little easily so we've got a crib
service it is the Christmas special
service the evening
I'm most looking forward to singing
little donkey is kicking off we've
started may have officially started the
personal story
donkey through the wind
little donkey little donkey on a little
road Zoey oh I got you the leaflet so
you can sing along yeah we can do it
later you're welcome oh no I paid 50 P
for it and let candle back our house now
come in here I want to give you your
last two Advent presents they didn't
give one to you yeah and there's no
point doing these after Christmas so
there's one and then this one I just
feel that you can really make the most
of these over the next couple of days or
even you know tonight that's a Christmas
jumper I really like that one you don't
have a new one this year either
no no and then this one is so cool
yeah that's it you throw the sprouts at
it and you've got to try and get a
bull's-eye how is this not my merch I
know how funny is that though yeah I
think you should put it on before people
arrive
thank you this is like free Christmas
free Christmas Christmas oh my gosh
some Christmas boxes upstairs in my door
da now you have three more what is this
a festive onesie you know how much I
love my onesies yeah I thought it was
quite nice and not too you know in your
face like the sprout and jumper feel
happen that yeah it's nice yeah not too
fast I just thought I haven't done your
Advent president there's no point
leaving these I know which one are you
going to put on this yeah the sprout one
we're just doing some last-minute wrap
before Amanda Nick popping Sean arrived
we've got a lot of canapes now these are
probably gonna last us until like Boxing
Day but there's some really tasty
looking things that we've got the oven
on it all looks very Christmassy doesn't
it it's so like tidy eighteen tidy clean
and festive I'm so tired I would just
chill yeah we've just had a tidy up
little the candles can I show them the
thing you fell outside come on look at
this it is ridiculous and in true Alfie
deyes style his input is exactly how you
would imagine it all that made me jump
the shadow
yeah nice welcome to the door
it's raining oh yeah he looks like he's
had too many shandies he's like welcome
come on in and know me better man do you
know what that's wrong in fact I think
um I've got that quote to make America
know it's one of those thanks from the
Muppets Christmas Carol which is
actually on right now I love it I love
our house right now this is all I've
wanted so long
oh look I've put out this chocolate some
nuts some trees lips some pistachios
everyone's gonna get far too hot I just
know it but I like it warm we've not
only got the quality Street we've got
the miniature heroes we've got the roses
and I've got the celebrations in the
other room it's all going on anyway I
need to have a little lie-down now I
exerted myself and now I can't breathe
everyone's arrived time to put the
presents around the tree oh my goodness
they're just not gonna fit
are you gonna take them out the bags
strawberry dream where is he oh I'm 4
feet straight pop is gone for a quality
Street knit quote for our heroes these
guys are putting all the presents in the
stockings I'm so excited oh my that's
not only there is it not Oh what my god
- don't they don't even fit there's
nothing that could melt over there is
that okay just checking
yes
we might love the young stockings
they're cool aren't I it's Christmas Eve
box time so I am gonna hand these out
let me just see whose is whose right I'm
gonna have to put the camera down and
Shawn my name of that but I'll get it in
a minute I just want to pull out
different things
yeah you need to
isn't it cool if I can old-school one
like the old packaging is it capris is
my favorite T these the more
sophisticated oh yeah yeah don't one are
they cool
got our PJs on and I have come up to bed
because I am not feeling so great but
also I need to start on this edit so
that I don't have to do it tomorrow
morning but I just want to wish
everybody a very Merry Christmas
have an amazing day thank you so much
for your support during vlogmas i'm
during 2017
i really really appreciate every single
one of you and i'll see you again in
2018 the next year don't you say
anything
congratulations on completing road mats
thank you see you next year set yourself
set yourself some goals write down a
list of things that you want to achieve
so that you start the year fully focused
and ready to go
ah just make this next year better than
I actually did make a resolutions list
so I need to find that and go back
through it and see how many of those I
did this year I was doing my notes every
yeah so yes thank you so so much
I hope that you are going to have an
incredible day and I will see you very
soon guys
goodbye say goodnight goodnight
goodnight Oh bye
