hello everybody welcome to vlogmas day
as you can see I have forgotten my
sunglasses it's super sunny today lovely
day and bright and the seagulls a
chirping I don't know that everyone's
feeling too chirpy yeah the seagulls are
chirpy but I'm not sure every now we're
currently working to i GG and we're
going to go for some breakfast
which since you mentioned it did you
mention it last night yeah yeah since
you mentioned it last night is all I can
think about
don't be realized in oh yeah Mandy you
know I mean I didn't you am like IgG
11:00 a.m. was like sounds good to me
we're just heading there now mystery oh
it looks busy oh boy if we don't have a
table wait is that table in the window
fingers crossed because it's so small
they can never really guarantee that
they're going to have
I spank oh there is a tube with window
guys yeah hey crossing this bozo
don't mistreat downstairs Christmas tree
that they kept and I was like it's like
brown I did wonder why they had a brown
Christmas tree oh cool listen listen
I like the Fevicol boars oh my God look
ah that's so cute
should we go oh my god Shawn I'm
actually jealous I couldn't decide
between the DPI you or the thing I've
gone for oh I look so good
the bread is way I know of course I've
got Ganesha which is so delicious
look out or you get enough snapchat
without copies phone as your baby but a
second case out oh sorry love my phone
case
Maggie's got one too
I feel like so many of us applause this
is mine this is a Welsh rabbit which I'm
not gonna lie used to think was rabbit
it's not it's cheese on toast but it's
like a certain type of cheese is really
really good
what a lovely breakfast how peas
struggling I just drank so much to
explode
we're now gonna just head down to the
beach oh no you heard it here first
Alfie deyes is pregnant like that Arnold
Schwarzenegger film oh yeah listen not
Windsor no junior Oh cold I love that
film although Kindergarten Cop is one of
the best one of the best forces are in
the world so yeah we're gonna head down
to the beach get fresh air
oh I'm not sure about ice cream Shawn or
Rocco
it's a bit cold for a nice are you ice
cream yeah look at that airplane - b.o.b
airplanes in the night sky Alfie I'm
just had a really great idea talking
about ice war is your idea that's one
DIY days video you haven't yet done I
know I need more an ice cream machine
shall I get one you could get one like
the one Megan's got that you can attach
to my KitchenAid that's a proper DIY
that's like that's like ice cream expert
you like to help me out with that one
okay but that would be cool magic you
could put like chocolate bars I could
curly whirly ice cream is done let's do
it
Shawn spotted a new company we buy any
copier
any any any any we buy any copier don't
calm it doesn't quite have the same ring
to it as we buy any card is it do you
think it's the same company
I forgot my wind thing so you probably
can't hear me because it's really windy
it's so sunny I wish I brought my
sunglasses just having a little
post-breakfast stroll get some fresh air
this is one of my favorite places to be
in Brighton because it's just so calm
I love it exciting day today because
work is coming I feel like I haven't
seen him in so long even though in
reality it's probably been about 10 days
but actually in the world of our
friendship that is a very long time
obviously we still speak to each other
via text and so and so forth but I
haven't seen him in a while and I've got
his Christmas presents to give them
although I don't know if I'm going to
give him them today or tomorrow we'll
see I think how he might want to go out
grab a few bits for him today so yeah
what a lovely day poppy why are you
crying like watering poppies it's just
like black odana face look who's back
guess who's back back back back again
again again mother's back Mac's back
tell a friend hey Sean knows that the
other friends yeah did you have fun with
my face did you have fun
are you a good girl that's the Aussie
yes I do
I did I had a really good time actually
everyone's eating sushi and there's me
being a fatty coconut Cameron Bure all
for myself
doesn't happen that often but I was
really craving a camembert and went out
he said he was going to M&S I was like
actually can you get me approached stick
in a camembert I mean I've got a while
until it's done and also there's never
any like baking instructions on a
camembert because I believe most people
eat it cold or at room temperature I'm
not too sure um but I've put it over 20
minutes so fingers crossed that sign so
I've just decided to get my camera out
bit me improper you're just chilling I
have taken the hell up again I only
speak my hats on
I'm editing a video not loading my vlog
and we just heard like it was like a
regular banging it wasn't like a boiler
bang or like yeah it was like and it
sounded like it was coming out of that
cupboard behind the TV
no I'm Lachy nearly so fine pumping
nearly cry house and then we were like
has Mark come in like is he pranking us
she's like I'm gonna ring him why isn't
it doing it again though that was so
weird
it was like someone proper knocking I
promise you I was not knocking so I said
I would get the camera out start filming
because then if something happens we've
got proof what was that should I open
the cupboard what would you do there was
someone in that cupboard like what would
we actually do shall I have a look okay
hmm oh my god don't do that
oh my god okay shred it now wait PK it's
my mum why is he ringing actually me I
said Edinburgh was a one-time thing
we're not going back watching you coming
I was messed up my prize hopefully yeah
oh you smell so good waste now Gemma no
oh it's been so long straight to the bag
this one knows okay for that one you
just wait for it um come on
I like your jumper it's real friend a
very light sixties I love easy yeah come
in oh my god
Ange is borrowing a dog oh I said girl
or a boy Ange what she could
you are do that Jimmy out your best
trick
do your best trick Sheena's is working
that's okay Carla your best trick are
you having your pudding little big
guinea pig poo no come on that's not
nice
that's not very ladylike what we all do
in sticking Lutz tables up photos and
then squeezing it so air goes up it guys
I haven't mentioned this before but I'm
actually friends of Harry Potter
hi guys how are we today
this is Harry Potter's do your Spanish
rap Shawn um I don't I can't do it
straight off the bar you can you did
today I sing and I believe in yay was I
saying it was some Spanish shoot numbers
cinco de set de I think I wish I knew I
call me today no physical go watch a
John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt that's
not Spanish
his name was mine into hurry guys hurry
pot is Oh guy something's happened to
Sean that's not my think is this we've
been drinking this um well me and Sean
did I think oh ma knows we've been doing
this so these things I call cats bum
holes because just watch okay
so we've been going don't make any
movements wait wait I'm gonna do in your
mouth okay
what's so weird that was good you didn't
blink
oh okay Moscoe not yes sir what'd you do
that Penelope
oh okay okay mark then right so don't
move if you do I die if you die it's up
food off a lot nice if you flinch after
one bang this whole thing I'm doing the
name Oh oh you know yeah no no it's not
losing it for air oh wow oh my god is
stand-up right right right look maybe if
you shut your eyes you won't be so
scared
hahahaha oh boy remember that okay shut
your eyes and you won't be scared blow
away let me do it so sure now don't move
shut your eyes Harry Harry you're right
don't squeeze it before cuz I'm
anticipating it it's like a no-ball
Obie's turn I'm really ill shuffle
making Alice no no it doesn't go in your
nose open your mouth first we'll do the
mouth 100 white you like that I can take
I can definitely taste the Lucas okay
let's see the nature
Bret nuke side up my nose no it's not I
got hope nose hot I
isn't that so weird I hate the one up
the nose pop yeah I'm not sure it's
gonna fit up your lip Stroh's have you
ever done it up your body
Bobby's got the tiniest nostrils
yeah just exhale right be very relaxed I
didn't do the nose it's nice I'm not
even really too sure how that I started
happening I've had major issues okay
probably I've had major issues uploading
my video tonight our internet just isn't
working so for the first time this
vlogmas both my videos have been like
really late and that really annoys me so
I'm really sorry about that but yes
these videos were delayed still going up
but just the internet ain't on my side
gets to about halfway and then the times
that's going up so on one of them it
said like two hours I was like that's
not right we paid for quite good
internet you shouldn't be doing that so
my second video is now on 92% so fingers
crossed this works now but yeah that's
been a real who harvest evening Nala and
red didn't get on so well I don't okay
if there's any dog behaviorist or like
dog specialists out there
why does not I get so Aggie when there's
another dog I think it's just female
dogs as well I don't think she's really
like
with male dogs but on the rare occasion
she meets another female dog she goes
for that dog she never like bites it or
attacks it but she does that like really
scary like noise that's like how do you
describe that noise that she did no yeah
no literally it was like oh yeah like a
proper like and then obviously the other
dog red was like freaked after that so
it was just like ah and then we couldn't
let Nala down at all because she just
kept trying to go for I don't know she
was trying to play or she was too
excited or she was being territorial or
protective or just pissed off that
there's another dog in our house I feel
like most dogs don't mind and there's
another dog in the house it's just Nala
but how can that be helped in that
situation cuz it wasn't great playing a
little game
the monster brought to foot right to
foot left to fit middle what was it -
laughing - let me give you that I left
something this isn't a sorry oh okay
this is good spit that's nothing
ah Wow dumb I'm sorry
huh this is a game of say what you see
by the way option red dog up
reduction actually said red option
brother called me Oh shrinking economy
pleasing her place she vanishing
according to him yes okay Oh Rob Rob in
Hood oh well done mark fine clever I am
we're setting up for a game of Monopoly
Mark's never played Monopoly
oh six seven eight if you can leave me
out be all right six seven eight anyone
bought that you want the cricket ground
yes please how much money you want for
App Engine 60 that's much more so far
I've got the pier I've got the country
like it don't look as far as I think
great how are you finding your first
game of Monopoly good yeah I'm having it
explained to me as I go but um I've got
a jail out of three cards what you're
gonna say what a JLS my god get out of
jail free card mine Shaun's go fake one
two three four five shake the lanes I'm
going to buy it with all my buddy seven
you enjoy you enjoy monopoly just
conservativeness
seven on it you would be punished bhai
makes me feel this way yeah
dirty babe did you just walk what's it
good huh what's it called
Montebello villas montpierre Venice
Mobilio villas Montebello multiple I
rode multiple ro you shaking that ivory
we local orphan the core shaky oh yeah
emptied out or like a grabber on a nut
pop you okay I'm not no that's mine hey
nice dog your eye ball
do I need money from go yeah two hundred
you know Sean keeps going to jail or a
single time I'm on the board or watches
okay how much is web space off that
sixty palace ah you should get the West
here I'll give you 140 right there yeah
why not yeah there I am buying
everything look at you you're crazy
West Pier George Strait Churchill Square
yo your absolute border poppies crazy
look at poppy she's mental crazy tired
she's a mermaid if there's anything
weird
I live for the way mark rolls his dice
what you have an elected chairman of the
board pay each player 50 pound mark read
it again pay each player 50 you have
been elected chairman of the board pi h
pi r right that's why you might get up
jo p why am i a gem of a board I've
compared the people I love that you are
so cocky that's 100 bar take it why
surely a chairman of a board should be
put in place yeah
stop we're trying to break the system if
you're a chairman you got a lot of money
stop being such a stingy get stingy
bitch thank you thanks mark
I really appreciate it you're the best
chairman the boy oh boy what board is it
by the way a game board Hey
alright put the backing of ball but why
are you loving by a good idea that's
you're not a dreams that she's eating
and her eyes open and she just jams that
know what you doing you need to know
dinner hey middle nice did yeah yeah hey
you're me don't want to be landing on
this but
Karla's 900 so I've got everything on
here and everything on here I am owning
these guys
I thought Alfie would kick off on me
Sedna you say I said so so far I've got
all of this side
boy that's a no all of this is mine this
is Mark's Sean's and Zoe's yeah but
we're all coming up to this bit now but
serious no okay oh my god you're in
visiting jail I mean you're still there
though did I bother being prayers
I'm hold of this side of the border
saying double death alley if it tells me
to go Oh Bank error in your favor
collect 200 pounds no oh my god how is
everyone just visiting yes there's a Tom
803 Oh 500 were you doing I say the
molecule oh my MA
Jack I ain't gonna be good make a boy
okay
near a road 550 bar no you're gonna have
to sell your hotel sell anything so yeah
how is it 70 my height is I how do I
sell what do you like monopoly No hi
say good night Alfie one monopoly yay
did it
I said Alfie one monopoly yeah it's a
lot of game that in there joenie know
what to said Oliver laughs oh yeah be
everyone else you will have to do that
when it's a monopoly game that was good
mark I think most of what then was that
mark enjoyed it because he's never
played it before yeah and he did good
okay well I really I really guys you
hope I really hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog I am gonna get good night's
sleep and I will see you again tomorrow
for another fun day also I forgot oh my
calendars I keep forgetting I hope you
see some weird dance right give a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it I love you very
much
uh yeah good night
