hello everybody and welcome to vlogmas
day 13
what have I got for you
why just been like that wait wait wait
wait I don't think she's ever been this
excited good girl
going in for her breakfast I am up early
I had the weirdest dream about Harry
Styles I dreamt that we had an argument
basically it wasn't that kind of weird
it was more just weird like it felt so
real
I basically woke up I had this dream
about Harry Styles it felt so real it
was like we'd really argued and the
first thing I did was write out my dream
in a text to mark and it was probably
like I don't know ten past six or
something
and normally mark sleeps in and
sometimes in the morning texts go
through to him as text message not
iMessage so he doesn't generally see it
till he wakes up and he immediately
texts back I was like oh no I woke him
up at ten plus six but he was already up
so it was fine but I was like what the
chances of that the one time I'm texting
him at 6:00 a.m. about my weird dream
and he's like straight right straight
away replying at like 6:00 a.m. if
that's not friends for you
I don't know what is so because
yesterday we didn't end up wrapping the
presents me and Alfie are going to have
to wrap them this morning because
everyone's coming over today before the
party so we need to wrap them however
they're too heavy for me to lift which
is why I need Alfie's help to wrap them
because they're just too heavy and Alfie
still asleep
so what I'm going to do is edit
yesterday's vlog have some breakfast oh
I'll tell you what I'm craving I am
craving
a lime juice so one of the things in the
nighttime routine was me saying that in
the summer I would get home and have
like a massive lime juice but in the
winter I'll make myself like a tea I
have now woken up craving a cold produce
if you're wondering which lime juice I
like it's this one roses it is delicious
what chocolate flavored cream I'm
assuming this is something Alfie's
bought for a video but I did not know
that existed and I want to squirt it in
my mouth
guys whilst I'm editing I've got a
bake-off Christmas special on and I
honestly couldn't be happier
I've missed Mary and Paul so much
knowledge us jumped up from her sleep
and ran over and came and hugged me I
think she had a bad dream
look at you you couldn't be more on me
if you tried I don't understand that was
so funny I wish I'd caught that on
camera she's been asleep down there she
just jumped up like really like and her
heart was going and she just ran over
and now she's like this she's not even
really lying down oh she said enough now
I was so strange now uh did you have a
funny dream did you do a little bit
crazy look what is she more you dipping
be okay even that funny five minutes
it's time to start decorating not
decorating wrapping some of the presents
that we are giving to people today
you ready I'm very ready Alfie is not
feeling very well today
I just felt wow like so bummed out and
we can not kill
so he's like topped up on neuro fan to
get in through the day
well I'm drinking lots of water yeah
but yes we now need to start wrapping
and I would suggest a bit of a big
awkward present so I need alfea's help
what's it anymore present oh they're
just moving boxes there yeah but it oh
my gosh okay keep your back straight so
bend your legs yeah that's the one is it
that heavy straight back there we go
you're walking like a penguin one you
can't take two at a time you crazy
hooligan you serious aah oh my god
you're in the wrong profession you
should be a delivery man my god
have any of you guessed what we might
have bought yet look that it's fragile
even if it is no it isn't technically
yes
there's good at the Rotex though one
more where is everyone else's that
haven't in those boxes but you were not
allowed to open those why because it
also has some of your presence in there
oh I just got bitten yeah something just
hurt my leg Robinson I have no that's
just my fleas okay people didn't
acknowledge us please no she doesn't she
doesn't okay now we need to unwrap these
boxes okay so these are the presents
have got everyone this is so exciting I
stopped I tell you the inspiration
behind this
everyone who we for fast swear make okay
and they like oh them like we were like
this perfect so we picked watch they've
got something we can bake with and also
it's just one of those nice gifts that
you wouldn't necessarily by yourself but
it's such a lovely thing to receive and
these people work very hard so it's nice
that we get to treat them at Christmas
how's it going right
Oh God a few watch out cuz you've opened
the top
whose is that one it looks like they're
all red all that oh and ma so he's
waiting for like five hours for me to ow
I just hope that baby they don't turn up
because they'll look through the window
and see it do you think they have any
idea how did you last one that must be
oh actually what color is this okay how
are you gonna wrap these I'm gonna get
rid of this I know because we can't let
them see those boxes says what it is on
earth let's just hide them in here
somewhere
yeah yeah yeah we can just all look at
this mess
oh no this is our wrapping paper of
choice I think it's really pretty
it says Merry Christmas and it's got
gold
unlike the leaf on it it's really nice
and then we've also got some name tags
and some Christmas cards
yay presents are all wrapped done
high-five boom and I'm still showing
that present I'm going to be lazy but I
still need to wrap my secret santa
present but I love this wrapping paper
so much we're just having a little
meeting with Maddie and Dom and Carrie
and alfea's just crushed the meeting
this is sort of the floor and I'm having
to sniff coffee because it what does it
do it clears yours from a pallet so then
you're able to smell sense because I may
or may not be why should I say that so
well my own might not be trying to pick
a fragrance for next year this will
smells great ok this one it's great
have you got the piece of paper is it
sprayed up don't smells are they I don't
forget which one's right there is your
people on that love and then picture see
I think that's quite musky I can't even
tell you how difficult it is like you
should see how many am I allowed to show
them this pile look at that there's so
many and that all over the table I'm
really fussy with scent I feel like
you'd be right
you think they're all silent this one's
nice I'm like no I feel like they'll be
pleased to know I'm quite fussy I've got
to get it right this one reminds me of
something play-doh
you know you can actually get a
fragrance called play-doh from the
library of fragrance
really yeah I think so quite a bit of
time has actually passed now and we're
all getting ready to go on our little
work do which I am very excited about
we've wrapped to the presents we've had
good work meeting chats and now the fun
begins
are you excited yeah I'm wearing this
jumpsuit this is from ASOS I'll leave a
little link below if it's still there
this lip color I'm going to tell you it
now so I don't forget is a color pop
color stick I love these because they're
like instantly matte and it's in the
shade trust me I might have to take this
with me actually pop it in my little
handbag now I'm having a debate about
what shoes to take and also do I want to
take this clutch because this is a big
old clutch but I do need to take my
camera so I was thinking maybe these but
then I also have a lot of boots that I
really like at the moment Oh in fact
where are my boots I'll have a little
look but I do have some really lovely
big like chunky ankle boots which I'm
thinking of wearing I just can't really
lift my arms but that's fine oh I need
to dance and sing I'm not sure how I'll
do that all ready to go everybody is
downstairs and we're going to do
presents soon which I'm very excited
about its present size
oh okay Alfie's handing them up because
they're too heavy
oh yeah this is yours oh you're gonna
want to feel okay guys oh yeah open the
big one we're in town now we're going on
a night out it looks like it's ladies on
a night out
um we are heading to hotel to farm for a
Christmas dinner I think Christmas
dinner is up there with one of my
favorite meals in the world and we're
gonna have crackers and we've got the
secret santa game Adam just generally is
very special personalized surprises
personalized surprises
oh snap chat build ah guys you're gonna
be so jealous you don't work does that
work but yeah it's all good and the
kitchen ain't went down very well apart
from Angie's mum had bought her a
KitchenAid so I think I just mom hates
me a little bit but I think she'll
forgive me he'll be fine
this is a zombie Christmas party okay
we've got our own snap jumping back I am
so happy about this look how cute
it's got snow and fairy lights and tiny
little cute baubles oh yeah you have
these hats made they're so good although
I've got fun so I'm going to look so
weird and white oh let me see yours
team selfie Christmas party whoo
hey guys got the Western don't know
heart love it this is our secret santa
stocking or sack everybody's brought one
prison oh and my shoes are in there
because I'm currently wearing converse
but I'm so excited to play this game
it's going to be so nude even have
anything the trooper yeah we've got
pumpkin stick that smells so good we
just wait for photographer
has a number on the start is not so
great because yeah basically one happens
or predator in the middle and you never
get the lowest up I get to me first
pick a present you open it and then you
can either change it and if you pick the
first present you open it you have to
keep that you're not allowed to swap
there okay all right yeah well large
expand it because I don't really know
what I'm talking about
it's quite alloys in there I mean oh
yeah no I didn't change into my shaker
happy takes any one of the picks
one present from a file anywhere she
wants no feel mmm then she open it and
then she'll open in front of everyone
and we'll go to move everybody can
either pick a presence or go on quite
sensible hobbies got a little hobbies
switch then lose coffee without presents
so she has to then take one from the
pile again she can't steal straight away
from stop that present a supporting of
solar for you you can only steal at
present three times so on the set very
tactical on the second time it's been
stolen the third time you take it it's
just to keep for the rest of the night
you can only open three presents so you
can't keep opening presents otherwise it
ends the game really quickly yeah okay
pop well I feel like he should go for
one thing you don't know what it is not
one of those schemes I got it for the
big one
so you keep that you keep that for like
you can either take what puppy's got
where you can open another present
I think I'm gonna open one I'm not sure
they are connection all that one you can
see oh oh this is hard
okay this one with it is a good decision
is an abundant don't know about fun oh
we've got a shot spinner which is
perfect for me oh this is cool party
animal
ah and for animal card glasses included
like oh you have to steal both yeah
that's one question
yeah yeah one is that you're one
cause really rocked up they're all gonna
be a bitch let's just go for this guy we
got some sucks
ah and what looks like the prescription
candles oh I like that one that one oh
oh I can even steal someone else wait
what so she so because she's taking it
off I've got the shot spinner and the
party animal with glasses included well
you're a dude oh yeah life the animals
come to life
Justin oh hang on right oh did you get
me did you get this one tom
wait look for fully and I'll have fully
animated animal heads around is it happy
Oh vibration of so delicious this will
be animated so you haven't got present
you busy a steel or animal I'm gonna
open Lexie
I'm going for the big one oh I really
encourage lessons again by is amazing
I'm quite happy with that
well I don't really want the slippers
slippers so I've got to take another
okay okay I'm not gonna open one I'm
gonna take Tom's oh can you steal as
many times by yeah okay I I think this
is key
I like it I'm gonna do much okay
goodnight the next one get ready to do
it off oh boy oh this is actually really
cute
Oh
yes drinking glasses oh okay
oh I'm gonna dump everything here you go
ahead and juice yeah oh yeah I'm gonna
go I got open oh yeah see this one
drinking glasses great no don't worry
laser tan baby sign of the volga one yes
yeah
that's yours now you can't get that back
now yeah video
I think best moment yours to keep
right I'll get this chocolate bun
fittings here and we have a chocolate
log with cranberries the baboon modeling
going on but we just had a casualty at
Birth did it go in your eye it's just me
this is Southie person it is yeah and to
see a team like this assembled a crack
team assembled around the table but
they're like this is one domestication I
think quite a lot from the mint
happens yeah momentous things happen
today
yeah it only remains to say thanks for
having us it's an absolute pleasure
doing what we do here you guys and one
out you guys everyday imagine what life
would be like coming to work if work
wasn't so much fun
mm-hmm and I think we make a great team
yeah and the second part of our evening
brings us to lucky boys get your lungs
out oh my god this is like the closest
I've been to a night out
I gotta fit ball-loving it up and down
Oh
now does it open
my lipsticks like stained my lips with
that time I am so unbelievably tired so
I'm going to make this really super
quick but I had an amazing night with
everyone and it was so much fun and I
really hope everyone else had a good
time I think they did I really hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog today I'll see you
again tomorrow give a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it
um good night right
