good morning everybody and welcome at to
vlogmas day 12
I haven't done my makeup yet because I'm
about to try and refill the everyday
winter makeup routine that I attempted
to do about week ago and couldn't do it
just wasn't going right so fingers
crossed today it's a little bit better
but the weather outside is frightful
quite frankly today it is awful it's
it's literally the weather I said
yesterday in the glorious weather that I
hated it's horrid oh definitely can't
see the sea today
no Alfie has gone into town to get some
Christmas presents and actually I did
quite a lot of Christmas present
ordering online this morning so I'm
feeling quite good next day delivery or
good tomorrow we have our like kind of
work Christmas do obviously we've
already been to the gleam Christmas
party but Alfie and I are also doing
something with everyone that we work
with on a more personal level and just
like the people that really help us
basically so it's like a second works
Christmas party which I'm sure no one's
gonna complain about but I want to make
sure we've got everyone's presence
before tomorrow
like sorted we've gone for a theme this
year I'm not going to say what it is
because people might overhear me but we
have gone for a theme this year which we
haven't really done before normally we
kind of get people very individual
things but this year we were like I
think this person would like that as
well and we were like I think this
person would like that too so we've got
four people the same present four people
yeah four people the same prison um
which personally I think is amazing but
it's big and it's heavy and actually I
need to think about how they're gonna
take it home we have to wrap those
tonight so I've said to Alfie while
you're in town you need to pick up a lot
of wrapping paper and then ask do like a
8 to 10 metre roll like they do really
really big rolls of wrapping paper which
is an absolute Savior because sometimes
when you're trying to wrap presents
you can literally wrap one and then you
go throw up another one and it runs out
and I think that's like my big
Pepi we're wrapping paper oh maybe I
should ask him to pick up some of that
cool like sellotape that sticks to your
hand as well oh I do need to do that
this is my current outfit I'm going to
go and put a Christmas jumper on this
hoodie is from Urban Outfitters it's a
really strange fit it's like flowy it's
like a flowy hoodie but it does say more
self-love and then I've got on my
Madeleine out pajama bottoms and the elf
socks that Alfie got me as part of the
adverb present and then some oak
slippers so I essentially look a mess
just before I feel my video I'm about to
do a voiceover clip for my pamper video
which is going up tonight but I'm so a
bad voiceovers like I'm just so bad at
them I've made all my notes that I want
to say over the video I just know this
is not
Christmas jumper is on oh my goodness
setup is done got the lights back up got
the camera out let's shut door right got
my makeup let's try this again shall we
you
yay it worked the video worked I'm so
happy it went well this is the makeup
look you can be expecting to see this on
my zoella channel at some point before
christmas but yeah call these lights
look so blue in this camera halfway
through filming at Nala just like burst
in yeah started cleaning herself which
is the most disgusting noise in the
world and then fell asleep after I'd
finished so that's good thanks Nala now
I'm wondering whether or not to film
another video I basically have three
more I need film oh oh no actually two
more to have two more two more three
more I have three more I have to film
but one of them I'm going to do next
week and one of them is festive hair and
then the other is like pin drop
Christmas Pinterest DIYs and seeing if
they work which I feel like might be
quite a long video so I don't know
whether to start that now or not I look
like such and this match right now
this jumper is the one from Primark this
has got the Bears on it this is so soft
you'd never think this was from Primark
I still also need to have some lunch
which I haven't had yet look at you was
filming that makeup look really tiring
for you Nala I love how you fall asleep
after I finished zoom out I'm now in my
office because I'm about to start
attempting to edit this video that I
filmed with Jim which you will be
watching today at 6 this video with gem
is a Christmas Lego video now I thought
this would be fun because we can get out
some Lego have a fun time have a
chitchat little did I know that although
this Lego was made for kids
essentially it literally took us two and
a half hours I have two and a half hours
of me and Jim making Christmas Lego and
I have no idea how I'm going to make
this work without it taking me all night
so uh just know when you watch that
video at 6 p.m.
evening that it took me a really long
time to edit and hopefully I won't have
lost the plot by the time I finished
lunch is on the way though so I'm
excited Apollo
I'll be fat from a shopping trip in town
was it successful that the question very
successful did anyone comment on your
matching tracksuits
the guy in the apple store told me they
look that I look like I was going
snowboarding I said that's exactly what
I'm then one fan came up in the site
Alfie I couldn't see you there oh so I
have had a little break from editing and
I've got myself a cheeky little Wagamama
now if you got a burrito bowl in town
looks good smells good doesn't it I'm so
happy with my wagamama writers from Asia
yeah it does it smells really good
should we put something on the TV like a
Christmas to film or something while we
eat you can you're bombarded X log Oh
not while we know Lessie with a film on
and then you can edit and I'll go back
and edit the headphones in I'm so happy
with one go Bubba let me have one of
them nope
let me have one of them no come on Joey
doesn't share food
we got the saucer love your house no he
doesn't share feet listen get me on one
of them no just stop Alfie you're making
of Manus this looks rear ank by taste so
great look at the dinner big stop put up
back hello it's me it's been a while I
am still alive and I finished the gym
and Zoe Lego edit holy crap that edit is
the biggest edit I have ever done and
I'm gonna be honest I was really putting
it off I was like I know it's gonna take
me so long to do it so I wanted to just
leave it i below the you know it's done
now so I can relax a little bit more I'm
also really happy that my makeup video
worked today
and that I mean my makeups actually
lasting quite well although I'm getting
spots in really odd places that I never
get spots I'm gonna say it's probably
because I'm eating a lot more sugary
food I'm getting one there which is like
my actual cheek and then one like here
and I don't get spots there normally I
just get like hormonal ones like around
my chin and my nose and between my
eyebrows but there amber that's odd he
had a nice day Alfie's gone to play
bingo with his friends I've still got a
few more working bits to do although I
did tell Alfie that I would make banana
loaf because our bananas have seen
better days let me show you them look at
those bananas
Alfie's like we need to throw them away
I'm like hell no you can make an amazing
Bernardo with those he's like no they're
way beyond banana loaf personally I
think they're still fine myself but I
don't know would you make a banana loaf
with those oh my God look at this this
is so retro it's Delia Smith shoving
things into a turkey okay it's time to
do my advent calendars because I haven't
done these in ages how am I gonna do
this right chocolate so where did I get
to I got to 7 so HD 8 I haven't watched
the Snowman this year yeah what traffic
as well cue maybe I should come closer
to so you can see
mmm 11 little stocking okay
go swap buys well halfway through now
for my kids one Hey
oh my god that is the cutest thing look
it's tiny little like cookies on a
baking tray nine oh we've got another
chair yes
what's this I feel like this is some
pillows with some champagne I'm not sure
cute a present with a little handbag
which I assume goes inside Oh doggy and
a water bowl none of these are in focus
but I'm gonna put them all out and show
you right so that's that them this is
the scene we now have dog in basket with
water bowl and cats playing with some
string a little girl a present with a
handbag inside this candle thing the
seats some little glasses of wine and
the tray of biscuits and then this
dashing young fellow so my kids advent
calendar is coming along nicely I have
no idea what's going on at the moment
but I'm sure as the days go on all be
revealed time to make the room
Susy although mean with this tree is
already pretty crazy not gonna lay
Tammy's lights on I don't really have
too much more Christmas shopping to do
but I feel like I need to get Marc a
couple more bits and Louie's a couple
more bits and then oh then Alfie's
present I need to sort that out
I love lights
they're so Christmassy I feel like we
need to put Christmas bedding on yeah
this needs to be more Christmassy this
feels Christmassy
this doesn't even though we've got these
I think it's the other cushions that
make it feel less Christmassy turn that
light off yeah that's way more cozy I
might like a candle as well because then
it makes it nice and cozy to come to bed
doesn't it put Chi I know I can't help
but think how unnormal it is for me to
still have these fake teeth and to them
to be sat in my little nighttime trinket
dish why do I still have these and why
are they sat in this dish next to my bed
it's like they're my dentures I honestly
think like where do you put these now
though like joy throw them away do I
keep them for a rainy day like anyway
that's not normal and I need to get rid
of these as part of our work due
tomorrow we're doing like a Secret Santa
but it's more of like a Secret Santa
game so all you need to do is buy one
present for 10 pounds and then you put
it into the middle basically I'll film
it tomorrow so you understand what I'm
on about but I need a present that
anyone could like for around 10 pounds
because I haven't bought anything and I
need it for tomorrow but I do have a big
box of general presents that I feel like
maybe anyone would like I
it has to be quite a funny present my
problem is I've bought so many things
with certain people in mind maybe I
should just wrap up one of my own
products how well will that go down hmm
I don't know I don't really know ever
put anything that I think would be good
for anyone you know I've got it
remote-controlled snake like that is the
perfect Secret Santa gift I think I did
actually originally buy this for alfie
stocking but he was doing a live show
the other day and he had one and I was
like Oh classic case of Alfie buying
himself things in December even though I
tell him he's not allowed so there's no
point saving this to give to Alfea
anymore
so I'm going to wrap this up a Secret
Santa gift because it's weird and quite
cool look guys it's all of our stockings
I cannot wait to start filling these
Shawn and wings just mine and our fees
Zoe mm fee oh and the knowledge cute a
company made this for her I'm assuming
amanda has buzzes oh look Nala it's all
of your last year's jumpers oh we need
to give them a little wash and then you
can wear them again oh my god that one
was so cute
Santa's Little Helper then oh my god the
little Christmas hats ah we should take
a picture of you and Buzz oh I love okay
this one was incredible it lit up okay I
feel like oh my god there's a frickin
scarf oh I forgot all of these should we
wash them then you can wear them over
yours for Christmas
let's wash that one please wash that one
I'm just trying to think the ones she
actually wears for like a decent amount
of time she wears this one but how do I
wash this because it's got batteries in
it I think
hey Christmas pooch let me see where's
she gone oh look at my dog right now
Nala you look so funny
that one's really cute I like that one
she's so subdued when she's got clothes
on George put the hoodie on hi Becky you
put your hood up Nala you're lit up turn
to put something else on now having a
little dress-up session hot look uh have
you got your pretty collar on
is this your pretty outfit I like this
one myself you look so funny I can feel
her weight like falling she's like
falling asleep
thank you you giving me kisses that and
now let's go and put some bedding on
should we go downstairs come on then
okay I am gonna make this bed much more
festive
dan you love it don't you
the whole time I was doing that she just
kept lying on all the pillows down here
all the bedding you were so naughty
because she's so tired she just wants to
curl up on something soft don't you
there we go
dan I think it looks like Christmas
threw up in here now and I'm quite happy
about it guys I fell asleep I'm so
disorientated Alfie only just got back
and I fell asleep at like 9 how cute my
hairband is patches but I don't know
where Alfie scum got Gavin and Stacey on
absolutely love it Pamela
do you like the bedding I love it do you
I thought you would hate it I love it
thank you for my water did you like it
what the vlog all a good day
I did like the day very much so did
anyone win at Bingo lots of people
around us but we didn't win no oh I know
right I gotta go now
nice to see you too see you nice cheerio
goodnight
