good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day
we're packing up because today is the
day we head back to Brighton / London 10
whether you're going back to our house
no I'm going soon as I get back in
English soil
I'm leaving English soil no I feel like
the sleepovers still happening because
we've got one more night yeah ah but
yeah it's been so nice staying in this
air B&B it's absolutely beautiful and
we've had a really lovely time our
flights not till 7:00 like 8:00 really
because it's like 750 or something so
we've still got a whole day to do a
little bit more shopping and exploring
we still want to go on the bus guys oh
yeah awesome wherever we need to go on
the bus so yeah we've packed up we've
left it nice and tidy and we're gonna
head out
he's had to believe in yeah oh yeah um
it all started four days ago again no I
have released I've had the best time
ever
what are you doing reaching your bottom
look
I love it I think the presence of four
you know I probably shouldn't pay
basically we're in a hotel room because
obviously our flight tonight is at like
7:00 and we had to be out of the Airbnb
at 11 so we've just paid like for a
half-day for a little room just for us
to keep our luggage in but I'm having a
little lie-down because I think I just
feel very nervous about the flight later
but mark is cleansing my energy I just
he's been doing this for about five
minutes
you did it on your one-year zone yeah
sit under my palms the waves the waves
and I just said to mark have you ever
done this before he went nope
and then I was like why why not vlogging
this this is just so funny and he's like
oh I can see you've got your legs
crossed this means what did it mean
Goddard I'm guarded and I had acting
yourself today yeah and I have my hands
on my chest
she's got me in Unionville action or
she's clapping she's like crossing
everything because when you're superval
action is slight limp really make her
far Audrey I hope so yeah because then
it was sore dummy up got nervous tummy I
think we didn't explain that before
Alfie's like will it make a fire I hope
so yeah just cuz ah anyway that's what's
happening let's go back to relaxation
I'm gonna get back to relaxation now
guys of course your fingers it works and
if it does I got use all the time okay
no crossing I'm clearly witnessing
alfea's being and an obnoxious little
boy I'm genuinely asking people how
their day is how they're doing can we go
and listen to the bagpipes I can hear
them this is my life
welcome behind all of these lot who
walks so fast
poppy marches these have all got long
legs and Shawn's used to poppies March
and I'm just at the back out of breath
Marc you love Harry Potter I don't you
guess what
well apparently I've heard yeah well
it's a fine word on the grapevine is
that JK Rowling wrote Harry Potter in
here there's the great gods of Bhutan
where is it oh yeah that must be the
graveyard
oh is it that one yeah I think what does
that say birthplace of magic ah cute so
yeah there you go
do you think JK Rowling agrees that
that's where what that's what she wrote
apparently
which I think quite cool well in there I
do want to go into the comrade away
which I believe is down there somewhere
you're right I got something on my nurse
and used to be around a shit oh right
we've come to brunch
and if ordinary like I go straight for
the early to late breakfast I think I
think that's only been this is one of my
favorite views of Edinburgh down this
street I don't know why I just really
like it we are currently on our way to
try and find was he called Tom Randall's
rate which I've been leaving it in here
mark what you doing mate he's running
away always found something good cue
dead friends
stop it shots stop doing them go and
then read that Sean one dolphin or
chickens only but it's got to get back
to big playful mints and ties we're
currently in the cutest shop is it it's
okay if any of you are in Edinburgh you
have to go in the shop it's so cute I
loved it okay we're in a graveyard
looking for Thomas riddles a gravestone
Oh pop you sure and having a little
photo shoot
oh it's quite eerie actually actually a
real graveyard yeah what does it look
like mark yeah I'm like her like one
stuck to their walk you over there I
know look how like cold eyes it's like
just on the back of people's houses yeah
I would mine I'm honest how much to go
in there wait wait you're on get in I'm
fatigued a yeah tell us what we've just
learnt mark about this this iron
mortgage mortgage
this safe was placed over the grave to
prevent grave robbers from stealing
bodies and then taking them back to
medical school ah if our anatomy class
is many of these cases were found in the
18th and 19th centuries to prevent this
repulsive trade which continued until
the Anatomy Act was passed at night in
1832 ah mined in 2010 by the Greyfriars
kirkyard Trust with support from the
Edinburgh World Heritage Trust Wow good
to follow me Artie to the next
gravestone okay thank you
we need to Google where it isn't this
great good cuz it's a graveyard as big
as I thought it was gonna be so he gets
like this phone I'm like just honest it
really so in Edinburgh where it's in the
graveyard where is Tom Riddle shiny so
they came up with a Chinese restaurant
oh I just don't know mark went to be
fair we're not actually looking at them
are we yeah but what we know is that
look the rim at the top and it looks
quite new so it could even be that but
it's not because it doesn't match the
time it doesn't look new doesn't it like
they've redone it well we'll let you
know when we find him but Siri it was
after - you know you're right mark yeah
I've got new boots - I thought you had
like a blister or something well is that
it we found it my god there we go we
found it so cool
well done to them into the memory of
Thomas riddle Esquire a thief Beth's
burrow in the county of Berwick who died
in Edinburgh on the 24th of member aged
which we just stand at the back yeah we
do yeah are you actually trying to
listen to what she's saying you don't
know what okay done
does this put your Shawn like our fish
is gonna got a deep-fried Mars bar I've
never tried one before
and I can't say it looks too appetizer
shawarma melting mark you like terrified
event okay you go first mark yeah no you
go she said you gonna have to eat it
with the fork after you well I think I'm
assuming it's like melted in the middle
it's probably trying it first yeah I
don't like Mars bars
they're just bite pick it up and bite at
my car it's all like aah oh my god
so they're good Shawn that is what was
expected
but like different
go mark honestly it doesn't play a
factor
he doesn't like ya I love ya
okay let's try alright here we go you
tryna yeah
oh it's alright
we're good all right
that's a snickered for me like they did
have but you know what actually actually
that's really delicious
I'm not happening I probably tastes
about although you love it I love it
this street is so pretty okay we're
going into here this is hot a half hour
heart jokes and novelties I think we've
lost Alfie and hula though just made
everyone stop so I just film Street
because it
if you think we're heading to a
Frankenstein bar which mark says is a
horror themed bar
I'm gonna go there for a little sit-down
and water
hey and we go like famous Franklin
Marx's elephant
fuck it oh my god wait that's so right
try them so right along with tables of
life Stein oh look at me smile
aren't they just like the most
disturbing teeth Oh anything on the day
with so many no no my mouse is so small
oh that is horrible that is the biggest
buildup of candle wax I've ever seen
don't touch it it's not your ears Elfie
so your bubble oh that's Pleasant
I'm currently sitting outside our room
because the key doesn't work and we're
in the room that's the most farthest
away of the worth grammar ever said
what's happened to all of us hmm I think
the whole all days is here the whole
experience we're going high we are we
launched back to normality where normal
back to norm and who's Norway norman la
balle know Malik Nubia we get no man oh
my I know bono bono la sure need some
rest guys good rule piling into the taxi
time to go to the airport you have to
wait not too long mr. castle
we're in marks favorite places all the
world duty very deep freeze yeah a bit
of last Christmas
okay not a lot cheaper then you're gonna
better finger clicking Alfie yeah
this Christmas okay all right
set beyond given us a performance in the
duty-free ways we're currently sat
having a yoshu Sookie to have eaten
everything
look at all these plates table Stiles
Oh be file on the air file puppy a spy
oh yes today for ps5 was bumpy a spy was
oh yeah oh the days Oh buh buh buh buh
buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh
buh buh day
oh yeah oh she's got I want to zoom in
but I can't don't I film people but
there's a go with my makeup bag what are
you actually serious you've just eaten
so much feel Poppy's I've had one game
he's just cranky but as a water ready
people wait I'm gonna want this to know
mister now I'm gonna be pissing now
right watch company stays yeah me and
Mark have got dual headphone splitter
I'm not going to watch grandma Stacy
which is our absolute favorite this is
Christmas time McGovern and Stacy
Christmas special which I'm pretty sure
we know word by word now arc there's
that one I've been doing rock - now
watch that anymore I love it so happy I
love it
don't get me wrong but we've watched it
every night for the last two weeks I'm
having a bad day yes you are I'm
actually being serious we have and if we
haven't watched that we've watched how
they filmed it and made it the outtakes
and everything does it bother you no I
like it
well marks working with you not me turn
it up Dave I love Chris Rhea where's our
plane oh here you
Oh
Wow
Oh lost her boarding perfect Jorah going
off so she's on the things that's fine
you'd be doing a where she like that I'm
good for now but I'll have come in a bit
different okay would you like one
I'm all right for now thank you needles
why
my friend who's an ex feels like I spy
Omega ice at the middle what's wrong
back at the beginning of this
Wow
Oh
zowie bashed her head away
no what did to show you quickly
and we landed Oh tell you what I could
eat a pizza just good but then when
couldn't I last be honest I've just seen
these we're just getting some M&S
cookies I really want to try these milk
chocolate sprouts they look so good
look all this Christmas food ahh I am so
hungry but I'm being good and I'm having
an egg sandwich until I get home when
I'm gonna order oh my god oh it's colder
here than Edinburgh how is that possible
anyway this is our new car by the way
I haven't actually shown you in this
vlog cause Alfie filmed it on his
channel it's really nice Annette very
nice very nice very very lucky anyway
he go why give it a try oh no I just
poured a don't look in the back of the
thing you swore to do it I didn't want
people to think I like you doing a poo
right let's see if I remember how to
drive this just didn't like spin like
couple of days and it's definitely not
the same as your mini or anything it's
definitely not since on mini what you're
about traumatic it's massive
and then I
when I'm oh oh I want to get cozy
are you ready you know uh yeah this is
Joe good oh there's mark you have a nice
we we uh yeah
was it pay yeah so we hesitated you can
battle I okay let's have a look why is
the house so cold
yeah I have I got pants out of my draw I
was just like going to my don't need
pants on I've got pants on I need to put
pajamas on not thinking straight
wear my PJs I think we need to at least
go for some Christmasy ones don't we
since it is you know December time let's
put the cozy ones on the cascade stand
ones look how cute these are with little
Robins on love on there we go all cozy
oh my god you guys I am so happy with
how that flight went does it seem like a
big deal for a lot of you probably but I
have found flights really difficult for
the past
like 10 years and it's one of those
things that I really try so hard to do
better
um and that was like the best fight I've
done in like since I can remember
and I just wanted to document it here so
that next time I get a flight I can
watch this vlog and be like you could do
it because you did it last time and it's
a really good reminder but I'm so like
proud of myself because it just yeah I
just I think I did it really well and
I'm really really happy
just what I'd say that because if
there's any of you that struggle with
anxiety in obviously everyone's anxiety
is very different some people can get it
in a supermarket so we can get on a
flight mine is very varied but flights
is one thing that I struggle with and
it's not necessarily flying I'm not
scared of flying at all it's just the
whole like
thing it's too long complicated to
explain but if I can do it and I can
make improvements and I can get off of
an airplane if re proud of what I've
achieved then you can too so make this
your little reminder so where everyone
is I don't know where my house smells of
asshole I think Alfie just open the
fridge and has camembert in it but look
at the spare bedroom it's so Christmas
in here if you saw earlier on in the
vlog right at the start didn't really
explain but I was feeling very nervous
about the flight so I had the worst
night's sleep um
and I haven't really eaten much all day
because I've just been so nervous ah but
now that I've actually got back I'm
absolute starving which is always the
way fight ok I'm done I'm sorry I was
talking to you while I was doing a
million things for you all eaten oh my
goodness you're cracking out the
miniature heroes all of these look how
weird the packaging is now though that's
so big of a waste of packaging isn't it
roses are the best so what are heroes
and their coronation celebrations
you know Oh mark you're right
Oh sleepy Oh more you can say sleepy the
last few nights what is that
look at me I'm fuckin oh you know we
come we decided to watch watching the
movie not dogs just canola yeah
it's not here so we need copy Shambala
where's that oh so we're watching
homeward bound which I don't think I've
watched since I was like six years ago
it's actually 20 years ago first one to
blink loses ah II won why do you look
like war go back to that little corner
of my face place you're missing the fun
in one of them the dogs give birth to
puppies and I got so confused where the
puppies came from my night that's how I
thought babies were born out of bums
because I thought they came out of a
dog's bum and then I played a game and I
pretended I was birthing my Teddy's I
pretend I was giving birth to my teddy
that was in your video it was yeah it
was cuz I watched this film oh my god
this film is what made me pretend to
give birth to my titties because they
were having puppies not like I can do
that you ready for this oh god it's been
a while since you've got one of these
pizzas who remembers these oh my god is
this not the biggest piece you've ever
seen my god oh my lord it's huge
don't you drop that Shawn oh I'm so
happy yeah it's really late so it's time
for me to end the vlog but thank you so
much for watching I hope you enjoyed it
and I'm so happy so many of you love the
new vlogmas intro and that you're
already enjoying fuckless and I'll see
you good tomorrow No
