hello everybody welcome to vlogmas day
mines
myself and papi are in bed
the boys have gone to the gym which is
actually quite surprising and we are
doing Christmas shopping
excuse the face I'm not done anything to
it yet we are gonna get up and go and
make breakfast and have fresh juices and
be like on top of our lives but for now
we're in bed on our laptops we've gotta
get this done we've got to finish
Christmas shopping I think this is the
most unorganized have ever been getting
people's presence but also every year
there's more and more people that we
have to buy for whether that's like
professionally or like friends I don't
know it just seems to like I'm free get
bigger and bigger
we're also watching Call the Midwife
Christmas special because me and popular
Call the Midwife it's one of our faves
show x' uh I believe they're actually
doing a new one this Christmas which is
on on Christmas Day which I'm sure will
watch oh yeah that's what we're doing
and I thought I would let you know
because it's cozy and cute and we are
trying to get organized much like a lot
of you watching this I should have
machen cooking up a storm trying to not
very well you want me to help your bums
you slip them isolation bombs do you
want to grill them then yeah huh Chucky
do you know how to open the grill on
think it's on yeah oh yeah you've done
it
I was just on there oh cool help me out
um the boys also went and got us some
juices was were this is my one although
they don't purchase yeah this is
the my 9/10 ginger shot I've ever had in
my life it's just like a solid but it's
crazy
I you got one so I need like I needed a
sip of water after that no and you like
the win that's true
Oh God okay also I got this one which is
called oh it doesn't have a label on it
what's this one
iein buzzing I'm buzzing and it's got
like honey pollen I went in there felt
like an idiot got lots or a nice
bee pollen okay yeah
there's only one it's really good
look what shawne's rustled ah why only
helped a little bit look at it my
favourite bit of everything so delicious
and we've got our juices what a great
start to the afternoon no a bit of a
boost bit the Buddhists YUM Alfie's
actually got some salmon buy cooked
salmon we've also got some smoked French
over here
fresh guacamole Morley mmm
just facetiming Joe's nostrils hey
nostrils how you doing feel Astral's
that is not okay Joe likes to FaceTime
with the weirdest angles awesome I'm
also um I've looked at the Twitter I'm
watching I'm watching new so close shop
you've seen what's going down well what
not you know I'm sinned
just seeing stuff you see and stuff yeah
look what's just launched sadly yeah
that is why I'm currently facetiming Joe
but our Internet has been so bad all day
so it's only just processing and it's 12
minutes past 4:00 I don't like being
late for the vlog how long to go wait
for yes it says 95% I reckon in ur
literally a couple of seconds I can
press GO huh 95%
not trolls are you ready to go life I am
not ready yet
I'm just drank oh hey I'm ready okay
three two one Tom nice day day nine
eight aren't they nice day ahead yeah
see done it all wrong
no he said you in charge the rules I
wasn't someone else created vlogmas not
me I wonder who did create vlogmas yay
I'm live guys also look I've actually
had a thug life sticker on my laptop for
a really long time
these are my favorite stickers look
prove it look the the little peace sign
oh nice
I've also got other ones like this one I
think is I don't know where that one's
from they're all quite like raised this
one's actually from my zoella beauty but
this one or nice quality very nice
quality prove it by one Jose now not got
nostrils in a shot he's just completely
gone I'm looking for a pitch - it's
wrong is that nice manner you know she
likes it when you jump out her mouth and
is like are probably giving you a little
massage but when I stop
and your hand
oh I'm just shoulders she literally
slept all day hasn't your ears you like
serious yes oh my god I'm so jealous him
Nala right now imagine being a dog just
people just do this to you all day and
your armpits all stretch there's little
lake without back to the tummy I've had
one of those days
that's just slipped through my fingers
and I don't know where the times gone
and I'm still in my pajamas and it's
like 6:00 p.m. all day me and Joe have
been working on the so Clive staff on
the vlogs just I don't know I've been at
my laptop since 7 a.m. like ridiculous
oh I actually need to like go and have a
bar a because look at the state of me
and I just want to feel fresh I think I
don't know why but my sleep is like
really messed up at the moment I don't
know if it's just because December for
me is like one of the busiest months
like I always knew this month was going
to be busy because I've got twice the
amount of content like more than that to
be honest because it's not like I upload
a video every day normally in a month
like I upload for a month and I'm
currently uploading 48 so that's not
quite double the video so that's a lot
more than double the videos it is very
time consuming and I also have lots of
plans as well which I have to try and
fit in and also I want to be doing
Christmassy things because it's December
and the run-up to Christmas is the best
time of year and there's so many amazing
things to do so it's like I'm trying to
do all those things and edit as well I
go to bed kind of like normal time like
11 or 12 although actually a lot
you all know me as gran Ella so granny
zoella and I used to go to bed really
early and I used to get up at like half
seven eight now it doesn't matter what
time I go to bed I will be awake like
bolt awake at 6:00 a.m. 6:00 a.m. every
morning sometimes 5:50 sometimes 5:30
but guaranteed at 6:00 a.m. I am awake
and I cannot for the life of me get back
to sleep my brain goes into like I need
to do this I need to do this I need to
do this and then I just I can't just lie
there like I can't go back to sleep
because I'm thinking about all the
things I need to do so sleeps not being
great and because I've had quite a few
late nights it means I still wake up at
6 so if I go to bed at 1 I'll wake up at
6 if I go to bed at 9:00 p.m. I'll wake
up at 6 obviously that's a great night's
sleep which I haven't really have so I
think tonight I'm gonna go to bed
earlier I'm saying this and I have two
videos to edit so we know that it's not
gonna happen but I'm gonna really try to
go to bed earlier tonight this one has
also been sleeping all day on me haven't
you
she's really tired I think she's been
with buzz she's all sleepy anyway sugg
life is launched I'm so happy about it
and by the response that you've all
shown it looks like you are all loving
it as well which obviously is the main
thing I don't even have words I'm so
tired and I'm really sorry I haven't
really filmed anything in this video I
knew this was going to happen because
this is real life you know some days I
am just going to be working on my laptop
and then there really isn't anything I
can show you and I knew today was going
to be one of those days the minute it
started and all the sub lifestyle start
having in and I need to edit and like
basically after breakfast there's like
on no it
one of those days I literally can't move
away from my laptop so I'm going to go
through my P o box I have no idea what's
in there and I know that you guys love
what's happened to this t-shirt the neck
has gone really washed I know that you
guys love P o box openings so that is
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna open my PA
box love going through it because
there's always so many cool and exciting
new things out especially around
Christmas time I hope that's okay I feel
like you'll like it
come on in peachy sugar upstairs I'm
gonna go have a bath you're gonna come
should we go then come on in she's like
what oh my god back there wait what
product should we go for today I think
maybe Bowie or maybe the red slippers
oh I'm going to go to Bowie
and then this one looks pretty damn cool
I might do him as well my little frost
buddy
yes both sides--
your eyeballs are gonna pop up your head
listen to me
I can't even tell you how excited I am
to get in this bath oh my god I'm going
to like proper soak watch some vlogmas
and chill because I knew you would all
want to see that go in the lipid beat
right I'm out the bath I've got my PA
box
I've got Gavin and Stacey on the TV I'm
happy and I'm in my cozy pajamas oh this
is gonna be the most casual opening of a
peer box you've ever seen here's the bag
oh hello Nala here's the bag are you
going through it as well what's you wet
brush Pro detangle look that's cold
oh my god
I think this is from biscuit ears oh my
god okay so if any of you don't know
biscuit ears is a really lovely little
place in London that just do the most
amazing iced biscuits not for you no oh
my god they are so cute
Oh Thank You biscuit ears how beautiful
would that be as a gift for somebody oh
my god in case of emergency put mascara
on yourself before helping others Oh as
a hat oh it's got eyelashes on it
that's cute where's this from Oh answer
makeup which gives away where it's from
it's tart and this is the oh I'm
assuming it was a lash primer and a
mascara I'm excited to try those on
oh what a lovely package oh it's like
real foliage origins can't get it off I
should have brought scissors oh I don't
know what to do with this but it's so
cute I don't want to throw it away
oh you come in to have a little neck
oh you ever packaged that you've got
some serious wrapping skills come and do
mine Wow origins gives you the world
this holiday season origins gives you
the world get into the festive spirit
and awaken your senses with our
signature ginger body collection and new
limited edition Christmas feel-good
candle with ginger bergamot and clove
you guys know how about ginger hence the
fact I had to bring up my own ginger
range so we've got ah look at this a
booster shot
raw cold-pressed ginger lemon and honey
it's a shot I feel like Alfie and poppy
we're doing ginger shot some of you all
know it's leaking it smells good though
ginger souffle whipped body cream guys
now I love a witch whoa I was expecting
there to be something else there oh it's
like fresh and then we've got Oh an
essence ginger Essen that's so
interesting because I wouldn't if you if
I smell these with my eyes closed I
wouldn't think they were ginger because
they're with so many other things it
smells quite like citrusy in a way Oh
lovely what a lovely package Thank You
origins I'm not going to do the shot
however because I'm not too sure how
long that's been in the box for cat kids
and Disney collection oh look a Minnie
Mouse mug that is so cute love that and
what's this is it a tea towel yet is the
Minnie Mouse Tito
that's so cute if you know anyone who's
a massive Disney fan great Christmas
present
what's this was a massive candle in here
but I have no idea who sent it
well thank you whoever sent me this it's
an Advent candle so cute I actually
haven't lit an Advent candle yet I
really need to he she I love he she it
is my go to fake ton of choice always
and they've gotten this so this is a
gift set and it has the express liquid
tan which is the one I love and always
recommend people and then what's this
quick easy luminous shimmer bronzer with
sparkle I have to say that is a very
impressive sparkle can you see that oh I
like that perfume smells amazing please
find enclosed a festive tree ornament
from blink brow bars Christmas
collection thought she was eating
something that she's licking her foot a
cute little treat for yourself or a
loved one this Xmas brow conditioning
cream all cute a conditioning cream what
does that entail what do you do just
slap it on your brows I'm very intrigued
by this day a brow cream maybe if you
get dry eyebrows I know that sounds
weird but sometimes I do actually get
dry eyebrows is that painting a really
lovely picture in your mind right now
birthday blend
ten years naturally caffeine-free
jelly and ice cream tea bags and a
little mug look at that
I love Gemma coral designs I just think
they're so funny what's this oh it's
heavy
oh my goodness oh it's for Alfie well
maybe we'll pretend we didn't see this
dear Alfie please find a gift on behalf
of Amazon we hope you enjoy so generous
it's an echo this is cool Alexa play my
jazz favorites playlist turn off the
lights set a timer for three minutes oh
I saw this on Jim's video so you can
tell it what you want it to do oh you
can ask it what's the news today it's
like a Serie but for your home I think
Alfie will never know it was supposed to
be for him huh
t pegs Oh Q this comes in a little tin t
Pig spiced winter red tea peppermint
leaves peppermint is my fave what
i wad this has to be like the most
amazing thing I've ever seen it's a
Barbie backpack what who's first
done this you wear you wear UK limited
Barbie
it's like pleather and it's studded and
it says Barbie all over it
and I don't know whether I hate it or I
love it isn't that quite cool it's quite
like retro um I actually really love
retro Barbie I have some Barbie pajamas
I have this really old um
jumper that has Barbie on it and that
I've worn in loads of videos you can
probably find it ah watch it just keeps
getting better guys I wish I had the
press releases I don't know who's
released it it's been so unhelpful of me
ah look at this wait there's one more
thing ah it's a flippin purse isn't it
look at that
it's the purse I feel like if you're a
big lover of Barbie you're gonna really
like this oh look how nineties it is
inside next one coming through are you
gonna kill me for doing this in our
bedroom I'm making a right old mess oh
my goodness is there a Oh send you a
copy of the BU planner a planner I
designed you might wonder why I would
send you one and in all honesty it's
just because I'm so excited to share it
with you because you inspired and
motivated me to just go for it as the
quotes goes that you loved and
introduced me to she believed she could
so she did I didn't ever in my wildest
dreams think I could ever create
something like this that I could be
creative enough to design a product that
people would actually want to purchase
that somehow I did and it's because you
made me believe that as long as I worked
hard enough served enough saved enough
money and believed myself I could do it
so thank you very much oh the whole
project is currently still very much in
the beginning stages
I've only
I should get a few dozen planners
printed to start with but I just could
not wait to share it with you even if
it's still slightly amateurish I hope
you're as excited about it as I am this
is so cute
the website is bu planner dot WordPress
com it has more information about the
planet on it and how you can use all the
features so to say thank you again for
giving me the courage to go out there
and just do what I wanted
that's so cute and look this is the
planner ah bu planner it's like inside
oh my god it's so cute
ah I love this this is gorgeous you
should definitely go and check these out
I love that it gives you so much room to
fill stuff in thank you so much and this
is from I just said tonight Esme or Esme
I never know if I'm saying that right
thank you as me your planner is gorgeous
and I'm so happy you have decided to
make them Oh kids sing again oh my gosh
that is gorgeous
look at this jumper it's so cute and
it's so soft
look what else a selfie Oh oh my god
they know I love the pajamas look
they've sent me these ones and these
ones these are their Christmas pajamas
this is so lovely of them now I have two
pairs of these oh thank you cap Kidston
that's lovely of you mac box what if we
get in here huh Oh oh my god I don't
know what this is
um dear Zola please help us raise
awareness for hashtag World AIDS Day buy
a lipstick save a life so I believe
World AIDS Day has already happened but
I'm assuming these are still being sold
so if you buy one of these huh
ah ah oh my god beautiful they're all
the vive ones
does anyone else love the smell of matte
lipstick that takes me back to 2009
because of the days when I was obsessed
with Mac so if you can seller oh thank
you so much for including finding
Lavinia Auto Club it's so rare that
you're a champion championing reading
and that you own that your own books are
doing so well I'm sending you a copy of
my latest novel my not so perfect life
which I hope you'll enjoy the theme of
it is what is a perfect life ah Thank
You Sophie amazing so the new Sophie
Kinsella book this comes out on the 9th
of February oh it's just an apron I am
Heathcliff weathering Heights Oh
a little apron but I don't know what it
goes with or what it's for because I
don't have the press release Oh knows
another there's some oven gloves oh my
god I won't know what this is and this I
would always rather be happy than
dignified Jane Eyre movies are very like
classic literature quote comics love a
bit of Carmack's
tell you who else loves comics oh it had
real mistletoe in it it's a Snoopy and
Charlie Brown the peanuts movie comics
how cute is that and then obviously the
original um anyway I'm saying who love
who else has comics mark faris loves
comics in fact he lives for Carmack's I
believe him that's cool Oh a lovely
quality Christmas AFT oh my god it
lights up screw the fact I've got a bun
this is the best Christmas hat I've ever
owned
I actually ever owned I love it I don't
know who sent it but thank you you
really know how to make me
be oh my god there's different light
settings now you spoiler me this feels
like a mug I think it's a mug that mark
it's a mug
I wanna spy this brand again ah Bronte
genius love life and literature
I am Heathcliff weathering heights what
a darling mug
also great size I'm officially done with
this and now I need to tidy it all away
it's literally in a pile on my bed and
Alfie is going to be back any minute so
let's make this look like a bedroom
again I really hope you enjoyed my
little casual impromptu going through my
PA box I love seeing what we will get in
there P o box or they're just that they
get in their mail because I'm a nosy
biatch yeah I'm gonna go to bed now
I'm actually gonna go to sleep and it is
10 past 9:00 so I really hope you
enjoyed this vlog guys and I will see
you again
