good morning everybody welcome to
vlogmas day a yeah
we are walking it down to breakfast
do you know what for the first time
Alfie deyes was ready before me that
it's like I've been only today because I
was tired of a new person pilot she
could not believe it
I felt like I had no sleep thank heaven
I don't drink alcohol because the ones I
think I would be restoring right now oh
my god the post party like dance law Oh
No
making our way into breakfast
empty yeah how you feeling mornin Jake
good I'm ready for our photo shoot
hi thank you although when people watch
this they'll already know what the big
surprises no this is the amount maybe we
should do it over dinner dinner
Oh whose dog is that
hello Toby hey hello come on oh this
calendar out yeah Ben get involved you
want to be in the photo shoot
yeah okay maybe not really dog stuff
yeah no no we've done dog keisha
open oh yeah aah dog t-shirt I'm
surprised ah we're currently doing a
little photo shoot in our new much very
happy with it this is one of my faves
this hoodie I think I'm gonna live in
this in the winter do you feel like
creeping at IVC you modeling I'm
currently modeling so life is good gray
yeah mark more gray with metallic your
gold foil Oh rose gold rose gold and
gray and then the hoodie you've got in
your hand
yep this is also available right now on
so Glen calm you can find it here you go
I wanted you inside watch this bit
definitely better than them from PB
isn't it nice ha beloved is he's wearing
gloves get wait get order go that yeah
good Clinton yeah we think this lady
school Tanya watch this
Tanya Tanya God please no she changed
her mind now Sandra try Sandra from John
look a good dog Sam oh she's cute little
dog her little eyes are so cute
Bobby's dog
can you all shut up so Joseph yes what's
our secret project we've been working on
for like a year a year what I blame for
years oh yeah this is the minute me dude
been meaning to do for so long but life
got busy look what we've gone and done
we have concerts really at 3 p.m. today
we released so close man yeah so me and
Joe have a selection of items you want
to quickly share with you that are
available to buy right now so I will
leave a link in the description box let
us know which ones are your favorites
plus we've been teasing this an awful
lot on social media but we notice um and
a lot of you just thought we bring a
calendar and a phone case oh just you
wait there's more
you also have a gray zip-up hoodie which
premium-quality zip lovely little logo
on the side beautiful and it weighs like
a feather it's great weight like a
feather very lightweight and fun and
cool next up we have next up we have the
cocky hoodie all right cool I use more
olive um this is one of my favorite the
slug on the sofa watching your favorite
Christmas films so you know but once
again it's got that classic thug life
trademark logo trademark next up we go
Zoe you got some t-shirts Oh have we
here we go yeah just your completely
making the middle go Joe is excited
we've got grey they say people next up
we put a black t-shirt well my personal
favorite man that song black and go buy
some sparrow
take some spiral Sam Smith one of the
Sam's either way what a purchase Genoa
country look or it was for us to get
this right
this copper foiling it's ages right this
is the white one I've got one on under
here you can't see it next up we've got
the gray now the gray is my personal
favorites but just don't go jogging or
anything it because if you sweat you're
gonna see the stains here we go next up
we have the gray I love the gray great
with my favorites I think Rose rose gold
coppery you know mostly has their copper
go your house would be just made out of
copper if you good are you gonna stop
okay
okay phone cases I'm really excited
about these I think these are one my
faves
I mean I like everything but we have
this one which kids me and joy there we
go
and it's got a little slug life logo in
the bottom and then Joe so you move
forward that's it get that shot you
can't do it and then we've got this and
actually million Joe selected to these
images so half of them are the images I
selected and half of them of the images
Joe selected basically a phone case of
everything we like let us know in the
course below if you can try and guess
whose objects yeah please comment below
guys okay so that's the two phone cases
and of course there will be which we
actually use is that your friend there
yeah this one's mine
so me and Zoey both have the same phone
case and ours don't worry
popular on have got these and only Weiss
got that one and only white so
everyone's reckon them how could you
woman next up we have the poster no one
knew we were bringing this up dude don't
know any about the posters this is a
genuine genuine genuine once again the
Rose door kind of coppery feel to it
very nice I don't know what I know it
may be a cardboard that is glass a nice
firm cardboard be able to attack in the
top corners on your bedroom wall
Bosch we've got it says I didn't choose
a sub like the sug life chose me we said
classic same you said for our time
Begum on QVC yeah this in all
seriousness this would be love in a
frame I'm gonna get yeah that's their
thing frame if you want I look it's
shiny yep I love it and also we can be
signing a load of these probably
throughout our time just a fraud or
somebody signing a load of these posters
to give out randomly when assign random
posters of you order one you might even
get one sign we also have SOG life
stickers but there was any one stickers
they look slightly like raised memories
design remember these okay hang on I
want always focusing on my face with
your hand that's why because if you
there you go see these lovely drawings
the stickers are of these and they're
like really good size very light quality
though a slightly like raised it let me
sense yeah we don't have any right now
to show you I will have some tomorrow
yeah but we can insert some pictures
let's do that now boom oh look how good
they look
and finally drug wars is the big one we
also as you know ages ago in October I
think yours is a photo shoot for some
bubbly one of my favorite photo shoots
ever done I don't secret project we can
find a reveal we have the sug life
rewind 2017 calendar this is like my
favorite without a doubt I'm gonna show
you just a back of it I don't wanna give
away the pictures in that lot but it's
best to show them what like this my
favorite is beverage beverage my
favorite by far is it yeah hard beside
her that one is fast okay will show you
too we recreated old photographs of us
from our kids as how good is that you
know what a lot of you guessed in the
comments below what would be which is
amazing I play social media sorry
it's kind of like a throwback vibe it's
quite 90s obviously me and Joe both
children of the 90s um and we very
carefully selected which pictures we
wanted to recreate and with an amazing
team I think we did a fab don't recreate
the photos this is unbelievable
honestly I think this is correct and
crazy so grab one of these now perfect
Christmas present or just good to start
the new year because also you can
actually write your plan yeah look much
my birthday happy birthday to me it says
oh nice oh nice
yeah Joe oh you don't master it make
a lot guys so glide much joy I really
hope you guys are excited okay oh sorry
that was rubbish look at the elbow oh ah
links to everything will be down below
all really really reasonably priced I
think there's something for everybody
perfect Christmas presents yeah or if
you just want to treat yourself yeah do
it treat yourself
also we just want to say thank you so
much to all of you for your love and
support and for always being there and
enabling us to do is really cool things
yeah cuz without you we wouldn't have
you wouldn't be wondering this we went
to have like a bloody calendar of
ourselves no I know that mom is gonna
love it yeah yeah we would have phone
cases of art this isn't of ourselves but
we have phone cases with our faces on we
wouldn't have this I mean it's thanks to
you guys that we can do that cuz I'm so
excited to see people using the stuff
like I haven't even reconsidered the
fact that once we sell this keep pluggin
action oh yeah once you do get anything
from so glad oh inside that um make sure
you tweet it tweet a picture you can't
twist your phone cases calendars trees
the posters yeah you sure yeah and we
will be favoriting and retweeting loads
of you that buy the stuff also make sure
to follow the sub life Twitter and
Instagram I will leave the links down in
the description basically just go crazy
in this way well we will be posting
loads of your picture of you wearing our
merchandise through the sub life
Instagram yeah and Twitter so that's
exciting that is very exciting we need
to leave this lovely room now you did
honey poo okay enjoy poo and I really
hope you like it bye Oh bye Jay right
Congrats once LED light whoa demo
pleasure yeah it's finally Lord Tom's
gone today got really show I can't wait
to see you wearing it in plumber's all
like Sean's got his hoodie on as well
we're all reckon it see you the week
from Monday yeah see you in a week I
love you
okay guys are you ready to leave yeah
glorious Christmas house yes I'm all
ready to get Wi-Fi yeah oh my god I
can't wait to get signal and get Wi-Fi
and like actually check my Twitter
mentions don't you like my video when
I'm yesterday oh no I think it did well
your tweeted up anyway that's separate
well no I think we can actually head
into bar for a bit because we're about
an hour
okay where
yeah I mean this son knows a bit so yeah
get ahead out gonna be fun
we thought you know what that's not
really that far out of the way let's
just go there because we've been trying
to plan coming to the Christmas markets
for like a year there is an another time
that we're going to come to pass when
Shawn plays yeah but we don't talk about
that do we Shawn Joe came there
apparently stealing the Apple store wife
just making sure the plot gets up on
time and thankfully it will be so I'm
very very happy about that come to a
place called Comptoir Lebanese a
Lebanese can be no lemonade oh it's so
cool in here look at chairs try
understand
ha
maybe smooth jail
I said no foods arrived so I'd show you
it I've only gone for some hummus and
pizza because I'm saving myself for
their market now he's got these bits and
pieces the Olivia
and look at it like a massive meze plate
oh you're really lovely isn't that yours
looks like thank you yeah it's cool
isn't it warm pizza as well yup food and
you don't need a phone booth fill it
with four balls you got a Christmas
oh it's oh it's toasted hazelnut
cinnamon caramelize now oh my gosh look
bath Christmas market little thing I
want to get in it where's our feet
there's just five Christmas market those
caramelized nuts smell so frickin bed
that happy
we actually bought some Christmas
presents which was quite unexpected and
we don't have a lot of room in the car
so I can't go to oh god but they have
some really lovely stores here I feel
like these stores are a little more
creative than the ones in Edinburgh
would you say yeah these read like more
like cross see crafty mulled wine is
very pretty isn't it very very very so
this is like me and Poppy's favorite
like ever because it smells incredible
and possibly just oh my god I feel like
we need to get like some it looks so
Christmasy
but have this shop that's open all year
round cold December 25th and it is an
entire shop dedicated to Christmas so
what better time to go in this feels so
weird walking around with you guys like
this is pretty much where I expect like
the majority of my teenage years
especially in here so there was a fop
shop to remember fall for the music shop
I think oh yeah I do actually
so far maybe this was faulty no I think
this was fog obviously now it's so calm
and there was another shop
and when I went through my pearls in
tutus face it's where I bought all my
like crazy skirts because they used to
make them very I've completely forgotten
what it was called if any of you ever
grew up ever let me know in the comments
but it was like here it was it was here
and I don't remember what it was called
obviously it's not that's not what it is
now amazing place
like for a while yeah it's really pretty
look at that Ben's cookies I would get
many events cookie from there there's a
shop called pug and puffin and I've no
idea what it is but I want to go in
there oh my god they do dog clothes
unique gets the you okay can we go in
there
it looks amazing I'm gonna go in there
going in pug and puffin it's Park no
there's not
not a real one yes a lot of temperature
yeah like stroking all day that's
they're so cute if you're ever in bath
and you have a dog go in there hug and
puffin it's so cute they have a little
pug is there guys we found father
Christmas don't do it
no it's so scary but you know a hundred
percent I would buy that and put that on
our next year I'm gonna have that you
enjoying this yeah really enjoying this
nice is nacho festive a little
spontaneous trip so should we just have
a little wander around and then hit the
road it's the broad cuz I'm flunking and
I still got two and a half hours to dry
also this is the most unflattering angle
your right outfit look combo no more
I cut this coming soon alfie deyes cover
I'm not sure I can face it
I might have to wait outside it's shot
came alone
look at the lights
I love that it's like a blanket of lies
that's so come on guys oh hush I've had
an upgrade
tonight walking along the street with
Carol oh wow he's joining in oh sure
that's beautiful oh hey we'll stop that
we need to find a toilet before we get
back in the car because on it away
you've got a little thing on your Hey
and slow
Saiki
on a scale of one to ten how tidy a 500
is do we still have like an hour and a
half left maybe two hours depending on
traffic all I'm thinking about is
getting home taking off my makeup
getting my dog and getting into my bed I
don't know why so tired but you had
better I went to bed at 10:00 but then I
kept waking up and then I was awake
fully at 6:00 you did yeah oh my god so
I've been awake since 6:00
I had seven hours sleep I'm in developed
what I've been super wine woke up babe I
should not be tired we are over two
quarter of the way into the journey and
so we've only got three quarters left
plus we could stop at any time we can
stop at Le service like a purple one
yeah like there isn't a kibosh in that
sense no but
his hands he really likes the smell
though so maybe he'll be like sniffing
his hands now anyway we'll keep you
updated because that's what you do when
you vlog don't ya when I'm and I don't
want to take my hat off because it's so
cold so we're wrapping up oh my god no
this smells of anal glands buzz was
lying on air no I was so excited to wrap
up in that if you've got a dog you know
what I'm talking about if you haven't
and don't worry we are going to watch I
look dead look at my face I look dead oh
you're like in a little ball do you want
a bath wanna sleep and drone we're gonna
watch Arthur Christmas after Christmas
yeah that's very excited about I think I
might end a video here because there's
probably there's probably not much else
we're gonna do today apart from you sir
have pizza and watch Arthur Christmas
and chill flawlessly but I really hope
you guys are excited for sugg life me
and Joe worked so hard on it
for a really really long time to make
sure that it's the best it can be at the
best price it can be for everybody which
obviously is a very difficult task but
hopefully I think we've succeeded and
yeah let me know in the comments what
you're most excited for give the vlog a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll see
you again what am I gonna see them again
actually very freaking
tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow I'll see you
tomorrow and show me I'm not very good
bye
