good morning everybody I thought we'd
vlog today because I feel like there's a
lot going on and you're gonna want to
see it maybe mark is coming around
popping Shana coming around and we're
doing like a little Halloween night in
thing I do this every year because we're
adults now we can't celebrate Halloween
like we used to we can't go
trick-or-treating I mean I think some
people probably push their luck and try
it but yeah we're too old for that now
and we like to go to the scare park
which is always fun but I also like to
do something because I love watching
scary films and there's no better way to
do that than to get your friends around
and to just have like a cozy kind of
Halloween themed night in which is what
we're doing tonight however one small
difference is that this year I'm friends
with Marc and he also shares my love of
all things Halloween and his birthday is
on the 18th of October which I know is
still like five six days away but we
wanted to celebrate it tonight so we're
kind of having like a birthday slash
Halloween themed night and I'm gonna
film oh no oh my god that literally made
me crap myself so we're gonna film a
video for my main channel which is us
like setting up and decorating and like
all the little bits and bobs just
because I know you guys really like the
picnic party video that I did so I
thought this could be something quite
similar in that aspect and I just
thought it'd be nice for you to see it
what do you think what do you think
Pucci
oh she's hopefully thank you I feel like
I look from bar look like Bob from
stranger things today I think it's the
glasses these are literally Bob glasses
anyway I digress Halloween fun night
being filmed for a main Channel video
but also its marks early birthday bash
I've got some prezis I want to give him
which I think you'll really like do you
think sigh oh my god she's being so cute
today I can't handle it like why you
being so cute tell me no no use your
words
I know you've got it in there I know you
can do it tell me why so cute today
might be cute your breath thanks a lot -
do I need to wrap his presents he's
going to be here in like - three minutes
I basically filmed until half past eight
last night so post filming last night is
still a bit messy so I need to sort that
out
but yeah all in all a very exciting day
Halloween and marks free birthday bash
just to let you know I am wearing a bun
these glasses this is a two-faced liquid
melted lipstick thing this is a crazy
earring from Zara that Alfie laughs at
every time I wear it because he just
thinks it looks so extreme I really like
it and then the matching one on this
side which isn't really matching but I
like it
and this jumper is from ASOS and I'm
obsessed with it I will link everything
that I can in the description box oh and
I'm also wearing some tights and maybe
some like over the knee boots oh my god
this dog
should we see mark Mark's coming
today you're gonna see mark Mark's
coming you're gonna come see you okay
well I think that means she's excited
but she just burped I could just film
her all day
think what I'm gonna be like when I have
a child guys okay come on let's go too
much to do
why am I so hot I think this has been
running around and I'm wearing like the
thickest jumper in the whole wide world
Mark's by cam
I've done something to your room
you have to find it go on
okay enough I call this your room what
you down oh you're very warm no that's
not it is it in here
no but you're very warm is it huh
boiling hot oh no is this not good jump
out oh my go in I'm not going in there
I'm not going in there I know exactly
why I saw that an army snapshot last
night I'm not going in there
what I don't like it you are the buffest
look so creepy like bash it Justin I'm
adjusted guess what Nala doesn't like it
either
no Richard if I got there at my time I
know you are mark gruhn I'm going for a
way like wait wait because I knew you
would have wait to have a way there you
go
all right uh it doesn't turn off yeah
Jake where are you
he on the toilet well oh my gosh you
make me jump video oh my look Oh No
Halloween is sand in the river with me
is Halloween Halloween oh this is
Halloween dishes oh well done I thought
why me it's coming out the ceiling nice
we put in well okay so I said to mark
how nice would it be if you had if you
were lying in bed and this is just
looking at you like that I mean mrs. you
don't know I love you things to me but
this this I'm a this is just to balance
out a little bit about this coming
basically we are now going to start
decorating for our Halloween evening
which I am thorak vulnerable my t-shirt
is from a sauce it says happy Halloween
witches instead of bitches clown in the
background looks amazing this is just
gonna be kind of like a fun montage a
video but also just doing it via channel
not channel not channel leave your book
yeah
Kennan I do feel okay no okay no but I'm
just looking today you know just for fun
just for fun for the manse yeah she did
just make me jump roaming is done I want
to show you guys what we've got here
these are all the sweet treats and this
is the wool
it looks amazing look at all these true
these are what I made I did a treats
video so they they they will be in the
video
we've got this little guy that we bought
with Mark I thought that was baked beans
then I'm very confused
um some truly no leaper oh my god what
are they screaming about okay um these
apparently are green cookies and we
invite into them this purple
they look so rank but I bet they're
amazing jars of sweetie Chris basically
oh and the donuts so basically this was
the kitchen treat section which I'm sure
we'll all pick out later and then in
here is the room hey let what we've done
Oh 32 to Danny Boy damnit
come on Marc we all know I don't know
right every time anyone else Marc how
old is what you say 21 cuz he's 21 and
then and then I give you the guys that's
like I'm sorry
you ain't 20 you're not pretty 3 gonna
be 26 next year no you know next week
but look at this oh cool we this
couldn't even take us that long guys I
like those yet quite good rhythm going
on then guys oh right so I'm gonna show
you all the little
doing whatever come you're hi no that's
like the you told y'all I school that
was out before born face it we got some
snacks
we got a boo thing and basically there's
just stuff everywhere that's Halloween
II and I love it there's Mark's favorite
clown in the corner that is going to be
following you up to bed though just so
you know taking its bed oh yeah yeah so
you you two can't come in and like pop
should we give the boys our special
thing now yeah shall we okay
oh oh and this let me just show them
there so this is the fireplace for girls
is it I've got happy Halloween oh it's a
little sign yay it's so cool and then
our old friend pumpkin but I can't even
express to you how cool the ceiling
I love with balloons and they so good
and the spiders are so realistic huh
yeah
anyway a while ago in HomeSense me and
poppy found two things that's it that
are so cool for the boys that we thought
they would like so we're gonna go and
get them here is who should we give
which one look okay so we've got that
one is terrifying you're gonna take them
out which we wear them in yeah you
helped me get mine off is look at these
moving mouth marks oh my god I'm going
to die when you put this on like how did
you do it I'm not sure see you inside
wait okay hold this and put this one on
it smells like niles asshole
well the eyes on me I think you don't
push it under my hand dear
attending if we doing it right okay
right you put it yeah I can't see
anything
hahaha they are the scariest things
everybody Shawn let me see you do that
that are watching he'll go down on all
fours to Nala I think she knows it's you
probably put yours on properly let me
see yours move
he's our song girl oh my god nice town
 sophisticated gorilla it's
because you can't see anything - I never
feel sat next today who let the dog oh
oh oh oh my god you look she can't see
anything
that's your honor but that bit up on
your
yeah yeah oh my kids your talk oh it's
not efficient it
oh my god it's so freaky look at my head
sat next to you it's terrifying I love
that why the funny expected are you
joking 50 R oh I ran open but knowledge
but all for all so cute knowledge is
just so thank you in cut sentences how
about okay
nice marble effect ah I love a you're
welcome
yeah we've given Marc his present I
think he really liked them da and then
they're gonna help his bacon I think so
although they're only jokey presents so
we are going to now sit down and watch
the conjuring to which I haven't seen
why I'm so excited to watch this because
the conjuring is one of the best films
ever is so scary if any of you want a
really scary film for Halloween the
conjuring is a great one but just I
don't know I just love what this looks
like
doesn't it look so cool vision country
to know have you and this room looks
amazing isn't it cycle you can't really
see the cobwebs in this but you look
like you've got a mustache from here
no I'm sure Hey last of all know what's
going on have we done all this we still
call marks birthday cake hmm huh are you
ready are you ready guys are you ready
yes ma'am
yes ma'am okay let's go with the dog
mascot oh that clown mark watch out okay
look at it in the corner it looks
horrible
look at my monkey shadow Moss Felicia
yeah no mark later sleepers oh don't I'm
speaking with two eyes open tonight - oh
I speak with you eyes open basically not
sleeping at all
is very serious today you have to get it
in one
oh here we go you ready yeah ah yeah the
guys lie oh I just just cut a line in it
I was up my wedding day there you go
that's plate here sorry Carol thank you
just caramel and chocolate beautiful
Cheers
yeah mmm so I get some little Forks yeah
thank you
I definitely didn't fall asleep when
that film was on the second film I
stayed awake sun-ho film it was really
good it was scary
it was so scary but just don't know if
I'm gonna be able to sleep tonight
she's mine anyway mark had a great night
last night thank you so much
yay are you waving at you okay right
we're all going to bed
we had the time of your life and I owe
it all to you choo choo choo anyway
she's gonna go to bed now thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed the video
say goodnight guys bye guys goodnight
guys who need morning Oh what Apple
amber oh hello hello we just had the
morning from hell it's all gone wrong
but we've survived basically there's a
lot of traffic there's an accident which
is really sad and I hope everyone's okay
although I did see the car and it
literally did you see it was just a bump
a bump and multiple roads have been
closed so everyone is using our road to
get to the main road so it took us like
ten minutes to pull out and there's this
poor girl in this car who just did I
don't know she's just she was just
having a bit of a breakdown and she
couldn't move her car like back enough
for me to get out and she was like you
can come now and I was like I mean I can
try I know I've got a mini but it's
still a car so re I could see it in my
wing mirror the front of her car and the
back of Mike's I was trying to get round
her there was no gap like like the
sensor got fog on I was like a Larry I
was like I think I we've touched cause I
get the cars like brush a brushed every
ever so slightly I was like could you
move she was like I'm too scared
I'm gonna roll forward and I was like
it's okay don't worry I was being really
nice I should imagine a lot of people in
that situation would not have known I
was good not maybe you need to move a
car but looking at it like I'm not sure
about this is carburizing it slightly I
was like hi and I'm driving your car
today a car behind it was like I like
revving forward as well like he wasn't
like he was being me and patient her as
well oh it's just one of my situations
where everyone just gets a bit stressed
yeah
like driving it's stressful sometimes
you gotta be careful you gotta have eyes
in the back your head but how I got out
of my driveway I have no I honestly
without scratching my car I don't know
because she couldn't move and I was like
I got owned literally there must have
been literally a millimeter in it at one
point I did actually think she bumped my
car was like hold on I think it just I
think she just did it but they should
have had to be fair yeah obviously some
something's on our side today mark yay
we're heading into town we're going to
go to boots I need to grab a few bits
and also we want to grab breakfast
however I've a meeting at 11:00 and it's
currently called 210 oh no I don't know
how having breakfast is going to cut out
we went up to grab something and go get
juice what grampa juice but yeah so
we're still going into town worried
about traffic we make it work we always
do Zoe we always do mark we always do
Cathy always do never don't never don't
you
oh he's fashionable isn't a what do you
find fashionable about him well there is
it
oh this one yeah even the one at the
front I was like all right Wow nolo he's
got the ripped jeans uh scar white
trainers nah babe
no she's broken our arm send you happy
thoughts positive vibes aware swift
recovery it's feeling like proper autumn
today like winter is now is actually
cold it's freezing
okay I've got Jack helping okay I've got
holes in this jumper can you get a
little chilly back
I like what you're wearing today I think
Martin looks really trendy let me see
you that's my friends is how do you do
an outfit today well we didn't get to do
the modeling thing with this hi oh we
want to look okay has anyone seen this
is it gay or is it a video well it's up
to video yeah of a guy doing like 20
poses in like five seconds our
photoshoot is I feel like I have not
burned in my blood show very well it's
like the funniest thing ever Mia might
want to learn it so whenever we have to
take a picture we should just do it it's
like this isn't it it's like he has all
these moves that he just like whips out
and it's like a flash a second yeah it's
like crazy anyway heading to boot whoo
whoo whoo they were in boots now oh I
look so tired and I was going to tell
you is that the bag beyond my travel bag
is currently the start gift in boots for
one week starting today ending next
Friday and it is 26 pounds instead of 50
so if you wanted the bat mock clapping
in the background it's a bargain let me
tell you that much for 26 pounds you are
getting quite a lot because I know how
much went into getting these made so
here we are here is mark modeling the
bag and if any of you weren't sure this
is what you get inside it so you get the
mug which is topped with cream and
sprinkles you get the pencils and you
get the keyring and this is the normal
price but for one week it is 26 pounds
so yes and I judging by what the manager
here is just said I would be quick
because she said the doors open this
morning and people have already bought
them
so yeah if you see it in boots and
they're running and ponderosas well and
they don't just find one they're buying
quite a few yeah yeah that's very
exciting I'm so happy to be able to
share that with you please tweet me if
you get it I love seeing you guys with
it although I know that some people are
going to be getting laid for Christmas
already I've met some bums in that like
I'll actually walked up here and there
was already like my mom like can you
sign it I'll signed like a couple of
bags this morning already for people's
Christmas presents but yes very
just to clarify the bag is available
exclusively to boot so you will only get
this bag in boots there you go oh we've
already restocked it's magically
appeared oh it's nice and restocked and
ID love it love it
my eaten all the key rings set your face
Lazydays gotta love it and look they've
got all the diffusers as well I love
this set and let you can get to you can
get to if you can't pick you can get it
yeah yeah there's a little double pack
yeah double trio trace three now amazing
oh my god now I'm like stop looking at
Christmas gifting and it's making me
really excited I'll be done I made a
boo-boo
I'm so sorry yappin a Manman / box that
one in the car I am now that woman I'm
dropping everything come loose did you
drop to yoga in prayer you thought you
lost your wallet you went back in walk
back out or you lost your phone war back
in out Oh people just thought I'll
just get out back now and the
decorations are currently being taken
down you're right yeah trying to get
this fair you are you just sit down
there yeah I'm gonna now edit this vlog
and put it up because I really want you
guys see it and then we know what quick
your mandate on the same day yeah let's
go this is going up like today as
they're watching it's gonna be like an
hour ago
exactly give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it I love you very much and
I will see you again very soon
Oh
