I just got dropped off by an uber to go
to the office even though I feel like
crap today like the past couple of days
it's crazy nose congestion and bloody
nose not crazy pressure headaches well I
went on WebMD I gotta figure out what's
more not even though it's not nearly
accurate and it's not very reliable I am
gonna go to a doctor later but I just
kind of wanted to see now down what the
symptoms could be I found out what's
been causing all of this
so I think I have severe or chronic
tinnitus and what that is it's the
inflammation of the sinuses so it gets
so inflamed when there's all this fungal
bacterial fluid that builds out that it
creates all of this pressure and you're
constantly decongestant I've taken their
tech D I've taken sudafed I've taken a
bunch of other of decongestants it
doesn't go away I think it's not really
that it's just the insides are inflamed
but it's also the fluid that's causing
pressure and I take medicine like hey
doesn't go away so today I probably what
it stayed in and not be at the office
like I am now had I not had a really
important meeting and I have two really
important meeting say something I still
got to show up but I think during the
meeting I'm gonna be talking like this
and even the light is like crazy right
now but I'm really happy that uh I'm
gonna go see I'm not gonna train today
obviously clear out of rest and I'm
gonna go to Urgent Care so I can see a
doctor and finally get some medicine and
get this stuff taken care of because man
this is debilitating it's crazy I feel
like if someone wants to just pull up on
me go give me higher money even though
I'm strapped I always give to him I
don't want to fuck around right now
so bad good thing though that I got to
the office a little bit early and we
have a silverback of coffee right around
the corner so I'm gonna get some coffee
and maybe like some food but I'm kind of
sick
I always has an excuse why I'm cheating
because I just feel like I need more
nutrients so I will be cheating a little
bit but it does make me feel better and
I have higher spirits don't be able to
perform better Jenny the meeting take
look at all these yummy pastries
we got muffins we got this Danish
croissant looking thin oatmeal cookie
bagel coffee cake well it's gonna go
looking a lot coffee
my goal of the day is I'm a big Danish
guy I love the blend with cheese
especially our berries like that oh my
god and it's all flaky looking for sure
I'm gonna get that I've got my coffee
I've got a caramel latte with soy cuz
I've heard from many people that when
you're not feeling good you don't want
to have Gery just makes it worse and I
also like to point out that I got my
sandals and my fleece joggers and my
hoodie today I'm going full-blown comfy
mode practically weighing my house close
at work and I know it's going against me
dressing nice or whatever but I still
feel very good I feel like shit actually
so I don't want to have to worry about
jeans or wedgies or doing my hair
anything I could barely survive getting
to work right now so I'm just trying to
be as comfortable as I can while I get
through the day good thing I only have
yeah but for me today I'm coming in at
10:00 and I'll be done by 3 to 5 hours
I shouldn't be too bad although I would
love to be sleeping whoo it's gonna be
hard I never had I've never had gone
through a meeting like this and I'm
leading most of them to
we'll see how that goes just wrapped my
first two meetings and I've been
pounding fluids drink water water a
whole protein being colored just trying
to drink a lot hopefully pee it out I
still feel pretty horrendous
oh cool run finalizing some pictures for
our launch this is our little uh Dropbox
folder where we keep all our photos we
need for our website launching the stuff
just making sure everything is being
coordinated you know what we launched
something for barbell brigade
everything has to time out perfectly
like for example website to their social
media which is Instagram and also
YouTube as well as the email newsletters
that we sent out we also have to get all
the pictures in time both the lifestyle
photos that we promote and also the
product photos when you go on the
website and want to buy something you
know I was just a more plaintiff's
personal white background you have to
get that all synced up so every launch
that we have we sync it all up and
because launching once a month now
there's so much more to do that
sometimes some launches they overlap
with the other one because some are just
better than others like for example
those are our past launches and you can
see the January launch is huge compared
to February and each one deserves its
own attention and sometimes you have to
get more models there's a lot of stuff
to do but yeah pounding stuff pounding
fluids gonna heat up by a meal Janelle
roll it to the JK party meeting
hopefully I survive to the end of the
day riding back with Bob and potato now
I'm pretty happy that I survived all the
meeting it was pretty hard actually like
I can't go like this
my head feels congested or a great
starving but what's cool is that I'm
actually fortunate enough to not have a
like labor-intensive job
rathalu lift boxes now we're staying
home for sure everything is just more
about like spitballing and being
creative so it was a to battle that I
was as fast as I normally am because
usually I'm like thinking of ideas well
today I was thinking of ideas and
sometimes will take me like an extra
three seconds to register what the
hell's going on but got through the day
my mom thought potato just gonna take me
to go see a doctor and I always loved it
my mom it goes with me places because I
can go to doctor myself which is not as
candy it's not the same your support
system yeah cuz I could do stuff on
myself too but knowing that you're next
to me it's like always like yeah it's a
party still like I'm go get gas but now
that it's Papa Bear I have like the
little buddy what's up kidney I'm at
urgent care right now yeah so far I got
my blood pressure taken and they said
it's perfect which is awesome which
means I'm pretty healthy not working out
and eating healthy has been paying off
mob bear super nice it's just filling
out all my paperwork because she has the
nice handwriting if I wrote it there
they think their doctor wrote it and
there's some doctors playing tricks on
them like why are you filling a lot of
patients for him so I try not to write
any of that stuff but this Urgent Care
is one of the nicest ones I've never
been to it all of about sliding doors
and as if it's an actual hospital you
the urgent care like you don't really
see big things you know it's kind of
life that are people pop in for a cold
or whatever but this one as sliding
doors like people are gonna stay here
overnight it's almost I can clean our
room let me show you I don't want to
show somewhere summit big trouble but
look see the fast lane indoor and
there's like nurses over there there's a
doctor crazier let's see this side it's
all the sharp needle and stuff and over
here
this is a really nice place like this
bad you could probably sleep on it and
buck in for $29.99 a month and I'll come
with continental breakfast pretty cool
so yeah hopefully I get the Messner I
need so I can feel better because so far
I feel pretty proud I'm Eva makes me one
stealing from diaper I don't know what I
have an office contagious or not I do
want to hug him but I don't want him to
get sick because if he gets sick he's
gonna be feeling horrible so yeah
hopefully I get better soon
I just got home picked up my medicine
the doctor gave me some antibiotics face
some steroids to calm down my nose and a
nasal spray so home camera get some food
in eat that don't I feel better but when
I saw tiger immediately so I just took
the antibiotic and I think you doubt the
cookie and the city with food so I had
to eat a cookie and now I'm gonna put in
this thing called the flonase and
hopefully helps clear it up and I'm
gonna take a little nap I hope I wake up
a new person off the spray two times in
each nose hospital - I even suck it in
just to make sure I get the medicine
word or 2 counts and they're supposed to
blow your nose out first so that you get
rid of all the extra mucus which I did I
blocked my nose there's evidence of that
sprained it in Oh wake up way better cuz
if I can um I hope I'm not rushing it I
would like to be able to train tomorrow
morning
and continue with my movie training so
the better I can feel the faster the
better I can feel the bastards Oh time
to take a nap see you guys a little bit
just woke up I feel a little bit better
but I could've kept sleeping hey what's
I think like five or something 7:21 I
didn't want to keep sleeping all the way
until nighttime because I felt like I
would have woke up at 11 p.m. or
something stupid so I'm gonna get up I'm
gonna order some soup for dinner and eat
didn't hopefully go back to sleep
I didn't hear take a um geo plate
it's also cool Barbara's down there
playing with them and that Louis makes
me feel good yeah and the dogs did do a
my back I grabbed my bear hey I'm a bear
you're my son bare headed a bathtub they
cue me alright guys I think I've hung in
all that I did I ate uh order some God
little de-rez which is like deepen
vegetable super Mexican spot it warmed
me up pretty good
I took this pill it's a steroid
that wasn't planning on taking back I
think Sara don't be so buff it's just
off of my nose fine but I'm ombre
convinced me that I should go sleep
through it so I am very good I fall
asleep so I want to fuck it I'll take it
because this is ready to get better the
better the better is gonna be getting
better
so good night guys
sorry if it's a short day I try to share
as much as I could with you guys I am
not feeling that good and hopefully I
feel better tomorrow good night
