holy fucking shit this is some craziness
that I had to show you and I knew I was
gonna happen but it knows gonna happen
now but look so this is our just kidding
new set as you can see we tore it down
and everything is being stripped back
down we look at all that trash
we spent hella money on this and we
didn't really get a good feedback when
we first started shooting here remember
so we went back to the old studio and
now we get a lot of common things use a
new studio use the new studio which is
dope because I know a lot of you guys
are out there our hella agen and you
guys know we spend money on this you
know why aren't you using it so we're
like you know what what can we do to
make the best out of this situation so
we're gonna scrap a lot of the things
and instead of hiring a professional to
come and do it we're just gonna keep the
profession the professional structure
and we're gonna come in and do it our
way so it really has that touch it
doesn't feel like we we sold out
quote-unquote cuz a lot of people
thought if we sold out even though it's
just you know next level but this is
what it looks like now and when I just
came in this morning I was just all the
time for Jake a party and I come inside
oh whoa BAM what the yeah I don't want
to tell you but yes the plan is because
poppers not really too involved in this
cuz he's the boss man so let me tell us
people to do it so um you didn't tell me
to do it so anyway especially at home
anyway so what we did is we're gonna
take off alt CC that fake brick and that
blue the overlay stuff yeah that's
already coming off as you can tell we're
gonna buff these walls out put primer on
them primer meaning like just a white
coat base and then we're gonna call in
all the JK people and then we're just
gonna have like a get-together kind of
and we're just gonna decorate em to
whatever it is that we feel like like
whatever our heart desires is that's
what we did at the JK office is what
we're currently shooting J I can use it
you guys loved and it just everyone was
just happy and and if we think do happy
shit be happy get your your inner child
let that person come out and then just
explore on the walls that's what we're
gonna do and you can't go wrong and then
we're just gonna add a bunch of our
personal items I'm trying to think of a
way where we can cut the drywall where
this sounds physically impossible but
I'm gonna try we're um
joke in like Bart like made all the
holes in the wall like I wanted to try
drywall and then free my only made one
hole everything else was Joe fine and
then bring it in here so still working
that out but yeah I'm happy like we
broke that desk which is just not
working for us you know what's crazy
though or what's sad
so this backdrop it's not just a
backdrop of the city this theme was like
two thousand dollars and it's a special
photo like translucent material or
whatever like when it's backlit then all
the light comes through and it really
looks like it's really lit and it looks
like the city's behind you because it's
actually a special type of material that
they use on the talk shows and we're
getting rid of that and I'm like which
is never I don't know we can give it to
give it to the homeless yeah and then
have them have their backdrop we're
gonna be going to downtown LA and
there's gonna be this thing hanging off
the side of the freeway so far it just
asked Julia to go into her nostril and
pull out my novel would I say no oh my
bad his nostril to get hair that's just
thick as a horse's hair on the tail it's
so complicated to say a horse's tail
yeah what the fuck so in my normal nose
hairs you're like soft right it's like
my eyebrows and every so often
I have a thick as thick ass one and it
looks like a straight pubic hair ah and
that's the one that pokes the sizing
excuse making me sneeze but I would have
deep inside but this morning I asked
Marlon Marbury and he plucked it for me
and we laid down like this in the middle
she looked down there she I think you
were talking I couldn't do it it was
this big-ass fucking hole of an abyss uh
and then it like so it was a gred cuz
that's just what it looks like in there
so it's red and then like at the edge of
it and where all the hairs were but I
didn't know his nostrils were that big
and that dry it was the weirdest
experience I've ever seen like it was
this I fight shit
what are you dryer like you didn't have
any mucus or anything
that's why why you so you so much
cleaned it out for you I don't want you
looking tall I know but there should be
some sort of wetness in there it's like
a dog's nose you know like we wet it huh
he said we would oh no it was some
sci-fi shit I couldn't stomach it so I
immediately thought who likes this
fucking bad life who likes a bad life
and I'm like oh Julia likes doing weird
shit like this talk to Julia
if you just pluck that one here don't
touch any of the other one this is one I
know there's one in that might be deep
you find that flashlight okay get that
one Wow
well it's the most pubic looking one
right it's fit okay yeah that's
preventative measures as this is out of
control those going to work because it's
not like all my hairs are like that it's
there's always one that sticks out
there's only one guilty one all right
check out these meatballs really funny
is I we've been filming take a party and
I just told Barnard oh my god I haven't
really plugged in and if he says turn on
the camera absolutely talk about you
guys been missing out it's been so much
fun talking about his meatballs you like
meatballs subscribe to this channel and
that was Alex Clark check out his work
he he's like really cool with how did
you get into doing a bunch of like
character working stuff here voices yeah
how'd you get into doing all that how do
you wanna know everything go tell me
well we make cartoons there are my
family and your family there about your
family your percent true even the one
where I died and went to the under
living world that's the truth you really
died yeah like in real life
how did that happen you got
that wine you gotta watch the net yeah
well what the name of the video so I
could watch it how i phonak's ruined my
life
oh so that recently happened you guys
haven't even watched the videos hobby
you can't think the likenesses get out
what is what do you want move middle
east line that he came back
fucking I died man guards video maybe
died in the cartoon we don't know I'll
tell you otherwise
all right well yeah getting boots grab
the reset camera stuff it wasn't that
bad it's not that bad we're just sitting
here doing what you're gonna do it right
now
I'll discuss them so this yet so then
she has something to throw up before she
was just gonna like driving alright so
we just wrapped just kidding party and
I'm in my fourth wardrobe right now
walking this new barbell hoody
you know what you guys think about it I
think it's pretty sick but I wanted more
from you guys I like the green one I
like both a lot but I'm biased cuz it's
my brand bio dominate humbly no this one
here show them the back this one's just
the beautician says barber get on the
front and then pow pow looks fresh yeah
I'm pretty exhausted we played a lot of
games that required a lot of quick
thinking and we play mafia again which
always kind of drains me because
whenever I'm a role I'm always like so
nervous I'm gonna get called out even if
I'm good but you've got to watch it to
find out what happened to this guy I'm
pretty tied to you but I have another
for our film oh that's awesome
we get to work on the script which is
really good I'm tired but like anything
get to work on the script because it's a
lifetime goal of mine to make a movie
yeah it was really like what heart is
really happy but yeah well I'm super
happy because I get to go home and see
my paper Tech you'll see em you'll see
I'm just checking on the pictures I will
okay I love you okay see you at home
alright I'm back home and sorry mother
school of course the first thing I did
was see my baby the second thing I did
was my mom got me some of these Chiklis
these Mexican ones oh my god
they're like my favorite cuz I can like
chew on forever I know I love this gum
so how'd it get two of them
I got a purple one I know what one just
now this one was a new color for me I've
never seen the blue ones maybe it's like
a new addition in the past few years but
yeah I've never seen you before but my
mom will come up with this and over the
weekend I cleaned out our pantry I threw
away a lot of stuff so this is just like
canned food stuff or pancake batter here
is like oatmeal chips chips and candy I
guess throw out a lot of our cereals to
till the zero we have left I sure don't
add up to I don't know hold this
my Chiclets I got my snacks here that's
like about the only healthy snack I have
of course you know you have to have my
Krista Breslau and my Harry bows so I'm
neatly here I have a ziploc bags towels
my ramen and you know I got my ichiran
ramen right here this is as close as I
can get to UM
my Japanese favorite ramen in the world
then water for tyka charcoal just
knickknacks party nothing there it's
pretty barren I got to fill it up with
some snacks and then I got to check the
corner with all his little stuff his
canned foods and whatnot this is banana
I've kind of been holding off on giving
them a lot of fruits I've been giving
them a lot more vegetables cuz I feel
like anyone unless you're like a 1% but
the majority of the people are of us
it's easy for us to eat crisps because
they're sweet and they're yummy but not
a lot of us like our veggies so I'm
trying to start him off with just eating
veggies so that when he gets older it's
not like a pain in the ass and all he
wants to eat sweet stuff so I've yet to
give him I think I gave him like Apple
once it was like wait he loves that let
me give him me and and peas and all this
other stuff I think its own so bad I
just don't like that stuff and I'm sure
man I have to eat it especially when I'm
trying to teach him and lead by example
but for
now he's eating that stuff on his own
yeah that's my country now but
ultimately all that was said because
that was the first second thing I did
when I got home the third thing I did
why I don't even know why I'm listing it
out was um I saw the little pup pups hey
don't kick grandma don't cheat don't
kick your ass don't kick her don't kick
her you big bozo
whoa Wow okay I got distracted but the
third thing was I saw my pup-pups
but they got a shower you guys had a
bath today huh
yeah you look great your fur is nice
yeah you look great you're shedding but
you look great
good girl good girl oh shit she melted
good girl good girl Anna say hi to your
friend come here
funny say hi to your friend okay well
this is the other one that got a bath
today
they're not nice he looks you just tell
their fur is like all one layer opposed
to like multiple layers and they look
all glossy and shiny
I hear you little animal messy yourself
look so you look like that it's you
right there this dykey
get it's you this you dude look at that
face
it's cuz my camera has a screen right
above it so this is me looking at the
screen this is me looking into the lens
he was looking at himself and he thought
it was the coolest thing ever
yeah can I help you can help me with
something
oh interesting maybe interesting I'm
very interesting all right
love home now I'm gonna relax a little
bit unwind change cuz I have to change
as soon as I get home I can't be in life
and the clothes that I've been in all
day and I'm gonna play with you and
which agent will play with you I'm gonna
put you in your little cages off there
yeah you might go in your cage I'm not
going your cage that's so horrible it's
not a cage to play pin let's we tell
kids it's a play pin not a cage stop
area and I only have it caged off cuz I
don't want the dog to laying on it
that's my reason I don't know what all
the other parents are doing they're
cruel they're cool I'm just kidding I'm
being sarcastic
I feel like sarcasm now is a lost art
like people don't understand what
sarcasm except for you guys you guys get
it um you guys are awesome
all right so just a little update for
you guys
tag up is being fed what is his sweet
yen's uh-huh he's being fed some sweet
yams but grandma look you know good
you're good either my baby
yeah he's barely learning how to swallow
all right I mean he knows how to swallow
but just eat out of something that isn't
a bottle or a nipple you're doing a good
job we feed him every single day to get
him used to it and he's doing a great
job and while grandma has got this down
on lock I will take advantage of the
time that I have her here and I'm gonna
catch up with my adult things so we have
grandma Tyco we got fawn got Ricky
we've got meatloaf we're playing Narnia
with subtitles cuz sometimes I just
can't understand what they say cuz they
say it's so fast see and I'm catching up
on the adult stuff I was saying because
have my computer open have bills and
just different things that I have to
shred and throw away file or pay these
are all just bills it's just a bunch of
little things that I got to take care of
so this is the stuff that I got to
follow up on these are the envelopes I
have to open and mixed in and that is
the stuff that I have to shred this is
my this is my workstation I got the
trash here I got my shredder here for
those of you guys I would highly
recommend investing in a shredder this
thing was probably like 40 bucks it
shreds CDs because we know we need to
shred CDs it shreds credit cards papers
I think up to 8 sheets and it's really
cool because I know we get paid with
checks and stuff and your credit cards
expire so you want to throw those away
but it's just a lot of sensitive it for
me
you put on to the world so in order to
not do that to protect your identity and
your private information you shred it
like this and look at what it looks like
it's like confetti and then you and your
family could just have a confetti party
with all yours instead of information
like it's awesome now it's just kidding
but this my setup right now and I would
recommend all of you guys to do the same
thing if you don't want your sensitive
information out there get a shredder and
yeah that's what I'll be doing for the
rest of the night until pop bear gets
back and before my mama has to leave so
it's cool I can get my life in order as
you can clearly see from these from the
smell that I've yet to open I'm I'm
overdue and I love my screen my desktop
screen isn't it cute okay my go back to
Tyga is finally asleep we had some
issues putting him to bed
by we I mean me cuz um I don't know he
just doesn't sleep much during the day I
think I think his grandparents come at
different hours so he doesn't really get
enough nap time in so by 7:00 he's
exhausted which sucks cuz as you guys
know I tried to put him to bed by 9:00
so it's just a battle so today he went
to sleep at 7:00 he woke up and then I
tried putting him back to sleep at 9:00
after he ate cuz it was hungry and it
was just not happening he was like no no
no I ended up having to like like rock
him to sleep which is something that we
don't do anymore because we're really
trying to make him independent and
self-sufficient so that happened today
and while I was rocking him the dad and
the legend came home and you didn't
really get to see all of it because I
think he's still having his nose issue
yeah I forgot to tell Jill you know how
I feel yeah yeah I got into too many
meetings and so I just got like a sneeze
attack so I immediately ran into our
little closet I don't want to wake up
all the work that Marber put in putting
him to sleep so I ran into there I start
sneezing like crazier than Mike I took
that flashlight right here this is like
and I was blasting like the crap out of
my nose like that and I couldn't see
anything oh what's going on this super
itchy inside but it's just one side so I
don't know what to do then it's like
bothering because it makes me morosely
like every five seconds and now it's the
point of it sneezing so much my I blew
my eardrums out uh not literally oh oh
I'll hear it popping oh shit yeah well
in the midst of all that we're still
awake and doing the most for enemies
should ever so Paul bear is getting
custom plates for his grey worm his car
yeah and we're trying to decide what it
is that his customized plate should say
so right now we're at dad
the other one was great worm yeah so
there's gonna look like this whoops
yeah so that was the other one and grey
worm is a game of Thrones character and
he's super badass and obviously my car's
great it's Nardo greatest the name of
the color so I was thinking about that
we're uh he's just like grey worm is
just like this warrior that under no
circumstance he'll give his life before
he fails and that's kind of like that
guy but then also daddy or dad won't be
last it was pretty funny to you how
about we change it to this then this
would be really funny like this is gonna
be so funny it's like really hilarious
how about that hold on you know I forgot
to turn on but I can't believe I forgot
a tune that huh
yeah still sleeping ooh boy yeah how
about that well but so what do you think
what do you think you're doing green
worm are you thinking dad won't be oh
wait daddy I think for me it's hard just
because I don't like customizing any of
my stuff so I don't have stickers I
don't have I don't have anything on my
car I think it's a makes for a fun story
they don't like tell my grandkids the
dirt dirty grandpa once had a car and he
named it the freakin blue rhinoceros
then get grandma or what about daddy
Bobby oh you think oh I think that's a
cute idea because it's anything but a
dad car what is a dad car an SUV that's
fucked up a beer dad cars and if he
knows and this is a fan any of you know
over 500 horsepower at that car what is
a dad car that's not fair it's either a
lifted truck or anything over 500
horsepower that's not what I'm thinking
we got all that shitty shit mom Mobile's
mom with soccer beds yeah this the
soccer van or it's the hatchback but
like the weird looking at I think it's
really being redefined though the mom
will build like a Range Rover nowadays I
think it's just a circle in which we are
but I still think it's the true family
car are like those those weird Subarus
you know like the Subaru Outback you
can't tell if it's a fu su station he
got saw at the supr station wagon yeah
and then the Honda Odyssey is the
ultimate family car or the element the
Honda Element no that's that's that cars
meticulous anyone guess anyone that
drives is ridiculous that's for you
David I hope you're watching this show
if you have an element I don't know how
you get pussy I really don't know anyway
going back to this
they think I'll have to do the dad car I
think type it out tab tab no no ya tap
yeah they go do you tab dad and then do
that yeah
it has to be funny okay what do you
think
I think it's cool what's funnier grey
worm three rooms not funny at all
oh okay fine do you see anything in
there that sucks
I know it's like every as I'm talking
off like some one boy okay well anyway
we're still gonna decide what it is and
we'll let you guys know later or maybe
we'll let you guys know once it comes
yeah yeah we're gonna decide what it is
alright guys so it's that hour of the
day where I say thank you so much for
spending your time on little old me I
love you guys I appreciate you guys
thank you again good morning good
evening good nights wherever in the
world you maybe have a good day see you
guys tomorrow
