alright guys so we just got to the vet
but before I say anything about the vet
I just want to tell you guys baby hasn't
evict 'add the womb yet so we're still
there still counting down the days but
we have our boy here who's about to get
checked
hopefully it's nothing crazy hopefully
it's not broken but more than anything I
just hope that they can make him feel
better because every time he walks and
he was eating because it hurts him so I
don't know if he's really in pain or if
he's just like used to it hurting so
we'll see this is where we take them our
boy
I think we check them in yes meatloaf
cool as they always have cats in here
for adoption those guys yeah his eyes
are half open half closed it's that one
how do you feel any cities because
you're super allergic so cute when he
sits all right so ever you think oh I
think they look really cute you know
play with them them rub my face all over
them they're really soft I'm very
allergic so I can't do that or else my
place to get really puffed up with my
eyes against woman but see no it's like
them I've seen it that even although
their chicken college she's got a cone
on like me love to how do you shoot
me smelling the finger come here there
you go oh hi showing me a but you don't
want anything to do oh he's so pretty oh
you're so pretty
Wow push the cat oh look he's so pretty
there is a pretty does it feel good on
your feet
yeah even though your feet are gonna be
waxing cuz he's dirty smells good stuff
and if he doesn't he's knows best
smells - shaking yeah yeah believe them
all right so we are in no longer the
waiting room we are in would you call
this keep my room location location room
peace your room yeah and now this the
first time I've been in this office took
a little corner there's not much space
good thing but look at how cute this
picture is that's the doggie eye chart
the cat eye truck wanted which is a
fleet dental care month this guy is
oh he has a toothache this one has a
broken foot this one is just a punk
what's up with this one isn't as a
boo-boo on it but and it said these
fishes I don't know but it's super cute
oh whoops
okay well I'm not doing that
what is that no photography okay I'm
pretty sure they probably did that cuz
of us because everywhere we go they
don't have these signs and then after
like being our regular patrons they like
tell us or they put up a sign really
 you enough all the other
youtubers sorry I'm also wondering why
those people like taking pictures they
do but the staff doesn't want to give
consent to being on stuff we just can't
you can Stefan I don't know I'm just
assuming that's what it's for
you're ready boy you look hope nothing's
broken okay buddy I think it is so now
these were here so hopefully gets healed
I hope it's not I just hope it's a bad
cut and it's on the way to recovery
I think it's broke and like hoods all
bushy and then it's really thin cuz
that's really his tailbone and the rest
is just fur
maybe it's broken because he's been
hurting a lot fine okay well as you guys
can clearly see you will get in trouble
if we record um we can't even be on each
cell phone alright I get it I get it
so I'll update you guys once we're done
with this buddy alright so we just
dropped off meatloaf
we couldn't get like a solid answer
because they have to run tests on him so
they're gonna do x-rays and just from
the little bit that the effect
it looks like his tails a little bit
crooked like this but the good news is
that he has sensation on his tail so
that means there's a higher chance that
they don't need to amputate the part
that's broken down so that's good but we
still don't know so they left we left
them there they're gonna sedate him
shave his tail and check everything out
run all these tests and then they'll
call us back how does it make you feel
it's kind of scary that amputation is
even an option cuz like although that
was at the back of my mind I wonder if
they amputate stuff like this cuz the
minute I saw his tail get hurt that's
when I was like oh that's why they dock
tails like nowadays they dock it because
of that statics but back in the day one
needs to take dogs hunting the dogs
would break their tails all the time so
it's an easily broken thing and it's all
docking and amputating is I could
legitimately you would even be
considered an option how does that make
you feel sad because I knew it was
something that's just like it's
unfortunate that it happened but it's
like
I don't know I just always feel bad I
just like them in their true form and I
wish obviously I wish she wasn't hurt
yeah me too I'm just hoping for the best
I just hope it's like a sprain or if
it's yeah I mean really that's all I
wanted to be just a gash but if it's not
and it is that it's broken I just hope
that it's just broken and he has enough
sensation and feeling for it to just
heal even if it's crooked I don't care
as long as he has this original tale
yeah I agree
the cancer that has made my knowledge is
crazy I took one pill that's not doing
too much
Gio's upstairs sleeping right now after
he came back we ate lunch and I keep
looking at these guys and they look so
delicious I looked up the nutrition
facts and bu got 500 calories per so I
might go to eat half later so I just
gotta be patient and not reward myself
too early meanwhile it's time for me Joe
and Casey to work on our feature film
and since Gio can hop in a second we
decided to move the feature film
meetings to the garage and also we get
inspiration because since the the movie
is about martial arts you get to train
while right while they drink coffee and
hang out and we don't disturb GOP she's
upstairs sleeping so this is our
temporary writing situation for now
until the baby pops out I go back to the
office yeah oh yeah that's true we might
we might have to actually that's true
got the baby can't leave anywhere for
like a month
oh yeah baby
so in the middle of writing with Joe and
Casey my dad has to show up randomly out
of nowhere
to bring me this fish and although this
is snow fish so it's really really bomb
and I really appreciate my dad but he's
the extreme Asian parent where he always
shows up out of nowhere and Joe pointed
out he is Crippin pretty hard
where the hell do you get to have blue
bad dad no shorts that's crazy
what is it it's no fish I don't know the
guy it might be nice now but it's a
really soft fish he puts that huh yeah
that's that
what are you are okay - I did it did it
did he tell don't tell oh gosh it
doesn't matter because all we do is on
my boys don't they know my dad says
here my dad gets two parked it - he or
he was gonna leave he just paused the
middle of the street with this cryptic
boxes the fish is actually really really
good my dad made it awesome that was so
buttery me Casey and Jo just ate some
right now and my dad used to own a
Chinese restaurant he's actually really
really good at cooking and that's one
thing that I am really grateful for it's
just funny that he just showed up
randomly I don't know we're in the
middle of our meeting let me see how
they like it did you guys like the fish
have you guys ever heard of snow fish
before no even do you know how to say
that's in Chinese it was like yeah
there's a black snow fish yeah my dad
said there's a white snow fish in a
black snow fan do you know what it looks
like at the market so you know how like
when you go to the Chinese market
there's like all these different fish
yeah I don't know how to cook them so I
don't buy oh I only get like three times
Asian people there
we steam and fry it yeah two years ago
the only grill huh that one time we went
to the restaurant with their parents and
they ordered that that red one with the
garlic and it was fried
oh yeah yeah what was that one called
 Asian parents no all the fishes
redfish yeah it was yeah even the spines
were good yeah I forgot the name but it
was really expensive that's why we never
got it yeah yeah on my way to picking up
meat loaf right now and there's some bad
news so the vet actually recommends
amputating his tail because it's
fractured and me and Jill we don't want
to amputate his tail and we want to
figure out a way for his tail to heal
naturally so that's what we told the
doctor so then what they recommend it is
they're gonna prescribe us some
antibiotics and two other pills just so
that that big old gash can heal properly
and so at least it won't get infected
and then from that point on they're
gonna give us like this honeycomb wrap
material and that all stabilized the
tail way more than the bootleg casts
that I've been making and what just have
to go from there the tail might heal
with a little kink or it might you know
look weird or whatever but me and Gio we
want meat loaf to be as natural as
possible so we don't want to amputate
the part of this tail we just feel so
sad about that obviously if the doctor a
hundred percent recommends to amputate
his tail for the good of meatloaf we're
gonna have to do it but at this point
it's a option it's a recommended option
and it's not an absolute so we're gonna
see if we can help him heal and I know
that Meat Loaf's a tough guy so
hopefully with that honey
rap you can heal and he'll be back to
his hundred-percent cos he's the
bulldozer you know like he's a tough
tough dude and he loves bulldozing so I
don't think I'll be that big of a deal
even with a broken tail right now I know
cast like he's still running around and
still very rambunctious and that's the
meatloaf that we all love so I can't
wait to see him right now cuz they had
to put him to sleep put him to sleep
they had to sedate him they had to
sedate him in order to x-ray his tail
and do all the tests and stuff so he
might be like a really drowsy dog right
now I'm going to go pick them up so this
is Meat Loaf's x-ray and that is where
the break happened right there and they
are recommending and beating it but I
don't really want to so the overnight
doctor not the doctor that conducted
x-ray or took meatloaf in but the
overnight doctor who would be amputating
is gonna come in and talk to me and
explain that because if it's medically
beneficial that I can see why we would
want to do it but I don't really want to
do it because it looks like oh I don't
know I mean I don't know anything about
medicine I play not something that we
can bandage up every couple days and
just let it heal on its own so that he
doesn't have to cut his cutie tail off
here but there wasn't a collar so I'm
not sure okay oh it's all figured out
yeah I was this room like yeah okay
had to go home mister oh my goodness
look how cute his tail bandages you
freaking cute
oh my goodness you can't amputate that
he met these two beautiful freakin
little bum bum finally got meatloaf it
was a kind of a rough day today in there
and I didn't really want to disturb them
I was waiting to talk to the doctor for
like an hour and you can tell that the
sky already got dark and I was because
they had a ton of emergencies today so a
dog had to be put down and another dog
had some sort of like panic or seizure
attack so I know how that is and since
meatloaf wasn't having an emergency I
didn't want to rush the doctor so yeah
go ahead go and go handle your
emergencies and I'll talk to you later
so finally I got meatloaf after about an
hour and he's so excited to go home huh
mister huh mister guy time to open the
truck my keys my player it is Tammi
that I forgot my keys all right
you feel up to jumping you felt to jump
in me laughs come on oh no let me love
you could get in there
let's go good boy come on you can do it
come on you off good boy good boy me
laughs is your freakin bulldozer come
here let me look let me get the leash
off of you these are the medications
that we have to give meatloaf one of it
is called
carprofen ones like an anti-inflammatory
and then we also got what is it
cephalexin and then this one is a I
think this one is an antibiotic yeah
yeah I don't know which ones which I
have the paper but so we pretty much
have two of these and we're pretty much
have enough pills to start a dog
pharmacy because of us AG oh but breaky
also has seizure meds too so all of our
dogs are drugged up but this is
temporary someone's wentz me love finish
these guys hopefully his little tail
healed I really don't want to have to
amputate his tail yeah but time to go
home
just got back home and Grandma bear it's
on the treadmill getting her workout on
lookin all sexy
whoo who's that hi now over there who's
behind us what what I didn't hear she so
she says you know it's that oh damn oh
they're getting it in Wow
this is all Kenny tail yeah it's so fat
it's fat and then it's super skinny
bikini couple is calm yeah oh that's
because he always bulldozes things so
you might have required us to fix it
time for me to Train - now what is that
good stuff my back is just white rice
and a little bit of butter
who taught you that recipe my Korean
friends and then I'm gonna just get so
what do you do you get the kimchi and
then you wrap it in there and there yeah
and it's creep on it's just a little
snack food yeah you this gonna have one
bite I've never tried this before yeah
there's none that no like this well you
would obviously have the kimchi yeah can
you just get the rice what let me try it
see if it's it wait I remember butter
I'm rice now go around that Barbara's
been making smoothies - this is really
good what you put in that one um
honeydew melon
pineapple and then a little bit of lemon
lime juice my maybe I made but I've done
it before a lot I just uh finished
eating up my meal some eat this guy but
yeah but shoutouts to my dad for
bringing in the fish and I'm so happy
because I love snow fish I grew up on
this is my favorite fish that my dad
made so shisha Baba for bringing it over
is this warm oh I didn't know it's not
warm yet yeah I got a second weapon very
seconds one more time
yeah but Thank You Baba for bringing it
over me and my bear are gonna have a
CUNY dinner and eat a bunch of random
stuff well ma break out the rice and the
seaweed I got my random meal prep
Barbara thought the smoothie
my dad got the fish we didn't have that
and call it a knife good night everybody
good night ahsoka
