sorry boy pop there's fixing
meatloaves tail ooh he's gonna go into
the vets tomorrow so they can check it
out
he left us a hot big-time sorry buddy
he's still bleeding
yeah it still bleeds he put his head
down cuz he's like well I'm just doing
you got a doodad it hurts hot buddy give
him some alcohol a drink like in the
movies you know how they bandaged the
warriors those jr. yeah you like a knife
they put them all about you want bail
for your mouth your dad is a nurse dr.
corn thank you thank you I'm so sorry me
up I can't believe this happened to you
that's good come for him
poor buddy alright well I'll let you do
that Papa and I once that ends we're
gonna go get some food and then we're
gonna enjoy our weekend and I don't know
what we're gonna do what are we doing
today did you hear that we're doing
nothing which is awesome because we're
always doing something and I can't wait
to do nothing alright so we're in route
to get our breakfast and Papa bear's
driving his grey worm which is his new
car yeah and it's super CUNY because he
is always playing different music just
for our baby boy so right now he's
listening to what station you're on
Pandora Frank Sinatra why are you
listening to it
we deploy the baby boys are for you I
gave you so much credit
no no no no
it's cuz I feel like I always listen to
the same music all the time so I want to
broaden my horizons yeah but I also
wanna build a good base for baby boy so
I like to enjoy listening to all kinds
of music just so that he's used to it
and then when he comes out he can bring
around they appreciate all the music and
then even find what he likes
yeah I was fortunate enough to grow up
and like not necessarily a musical
family cuz not like no one really played
instruments in my house but musical in
the sense that everyone had a very
unique taste in music and they always
played that music aloud so that was
really cool so I was exposed to the
Beatles and like Led Zeppelin and Stevie
Wonder and stuff through my mom but then
I was exposed to Sinatra and like the
temptations for my dad and then I was
exposed to NWA to TLC SWC from my sister
and then it was cool
I was exposed to like the Smiths the
pure Depeche Mode for my brother so when
I grew up I just had like an extensive
like music music library you know so it
was really literally every single lyric
to every song which is a facialist
wait
I don't know I guess just it was really
cool growing up in the house that I did
because there was always music blasting
and on the weekends especially it was
like music blasting for sure and we were
all cleaning the house so it was always
like a very very lively home
so that I'm very people
you will be to take up just got to get
out of here buddy come on it's time to
pack your bags the bags what are you
waiting for
is the amazing
oh that's your then he's definitely your
son
all right just finished having breakfast
with bob baer then kind of feel bad
because that place had like the
shittiest a/c and look at how I have my
hair up right now it's because it was so
fucking hot it was so fucking hot super
fucking loud but the food was so good so
as I was eating I was able to just get
my mind off and hot it was but then I
just couldn't take it I could not take
it however you didn't feel hot I think
these days are actually even hotter than
I am now
fuck it felt hot but it wasn't
unbearable like you didn't feel like
aysia it was unbearable
Hyster I fell over it like I was
overheating and I was about to pass out
like that's how hot it was for me and I
felt bad because pavarotti to share this
really cute story about like his
military time with me and my puppy don't
talk just eat just eat everything you
want so then he started rushing and I
felt so bad but I really thought was
gonna pass out
son are you happy that you're
experiencing this now because once you
become a normal human being again and
you'll understand why I have to have the
AC on all the time it's what you're
feeling now is what I usually feel wow
I'm actually not even as hot as I
usually am because I'm cutting now drama
DVDs in calories and I'm not as
thermogenic as you
but what I'm my normal self like when
I'm 200 pounds
I am constantly sweating and hot and
humid all the time I always know why it
sucks these luck strikes yeah I didn't
wish I knew I wish I wasn't this hot all
the time but you're just walking and
just not being the sweat to start school
yes yes and you don't have boobs
so the boobs make it even worse okay you
are we're even all right so we find
ourselves at Target right now and I had
to make a stop cuz can you hold this I
don't know what it is but it caught my
attention because it has fur is it a
lion onesie I don't know but I saw the
tail is that Halloween season
yes is it yes is this for Halloween or
is this for freaks
it's or freaks in the bedroom Oh check
out my hood and he'll oh it's a unicorn
I like these what the hell it is a panda
what do you think oh you know what I'm
asking your racist
what racist why would I be racist you
know what I'm asking at the pen then
then you got immediately eyes yeah if I
should buy it you freaking dummy that's
how you mean freaking me buy it for
myself what do you all them pointing at
your face you it's for me armadillo pee
pee
Tech this yeah why no they were at
Target I don't know what this guy's
talking about we're gonna pick up some I
don't even know yet working in it
can't take his eyes anywhere over here
we over here on this side I think he's
looking for containers for some bullshit
I don't know by the goober containers
these things right yep just smaller like
this oh this oh yeah but babe all right
oh there's somebody in front of you too
too big oh this is how you know you're
professional
oh these ones that we have at home No Oh
same brand but not the same one for
those of you guys asking where our shoe
boxes came from it's Irish but they're
not from Target
you found them online somewhere
professional am i measured exactly the
space that I need so now I could take
that measurement right here a
professional huh yeah but you got to
have four glasses you're not cool I bet
you didn't pick up that professional
you're professional but she's not that
cool what do you mean when we cool
people can wear sunglasses indoors oh
shit he's keeping him on he's keeping
him on folks you know what's awesome are
these integers no it's 12 inches this is
12 by 12 12 it's that like that for the
height will be the height is 10 inches
high like to use all the to 13 you see
if I wanna try something by Westpac
office you know I mean no speak English
what the hell space all right well this
little butterfly finds his shit I'm just
gonna stand here and try to look
kind of a bug and target especially with
my belly it's fucking weird I'm stopping
I hear his fucking chanclas it's coming
use the store to help you you freaking
ghetto ass what do you mean he's gonna
buy it oh it's it's made for you also I
want to lock this part up it is 10
inches
I'll wrap this one up 10 inches to start
bouncing her stomachs advertising to pop
first does that work that was dirty
where the dirt is I can clean this guys
could get any chink ear that was awesome
I feel happy
why do you talk about tautology darkest
packet where if she moves it doesn't
halt falling
why-why-why even enough it's gonna fall
depends on how gentle she is with the
belt it's gonna fall
there's nothing stable and sturdy
underneath it that sturdiest being alive
yeah come on the emoji
okay so we are back home from tache and
Papa and I decided to just stand not
have anyone come over just rest just be
us too because every week we tend to
have the hull of that all right we
always have someone over and we never
get to spend time together and we're
thinking our boy is coming any day now
so let's spend as much a long time as we
possibly can so that's what we're doing
we're taking advantage of that today and
we just woke up from a nap I was
sleeping there and then pop all the
sleeping there yep and then we were
watching
we were watching on uh I think hateful
eight or something and then I got the
bright idea cuz yesterday we just hosted
the fight so we have a bunch of
leftovers and my momma made some hi law
firm I met some people out there you
know what highlights but for my not
Mexican people are just the people that
don't know what it is it is seviche but
it's moon with imitation crab and it
looks like this and it's so bomb so I
busted up my feel over here make up a
deal with my boss fellas these are born
but this I think someone just got pissed
and just crunched them all but there's
some hope those fellas in there and I
love with Spanish people or Hispanic
people transfer from English to men
I always felt like vanish you mean all
right Hispanics because you're like oh
you know right here we just got some got
some water and then I think the water
and then I put on a plate in later I put
somebody more at the pump a kind of
laconia bass come after that it always
transfers like so funny
no it sounds great because they're both
Latin bass that sounds it's like I'm
gonna have some mom I'm gonna have some
plates and I'll my play some have some
fellas and then don't mind
it sounds great I know it sounds really
good that's why a bunch of rappers can
transition from English to Spanish it
also sounds funny Oh give me something
in Chinese then making that sound funny
I
Chinese it sounds funny but if you're
asking that was some Mandy huh
BAM oh it's not as smooth no it's not in
fact you're really good
there's just vegetable chips oh and then
there's a sweet potato that's are all
parsnip a lot of a lot of Spanish
cuisine uses but that us actually pretty
good yeah okay anyway we're gonna grub
now and continue watching hateful eight
look at that guy he's cute we're
drinking sweet tea what's on it oh you
have to know who eats it like they
supposed to point out those tapa
I'm gonna eat it you don't like a dip oh
my god you are offending my people what
that is horrible
I wouldn't eat it like a dip you like
that you with those yeah who are you I'm
freaking sort of thinner than it is but
I can't aesthetic you guys
it's not even thick enough to hold
anything Yeah right
oh really that's crazy anyway well I'm
gonna stick to tradition I'm gonna put
off the stuff that and they throw on the
top of the yo-yo and then almost all
right so it's dinnertime the poppers
trying to be resourceful what are you
doing so I took a smoked brisket from
yesterday I wish you guys could smell it
it smells bomb took the smoked brisket
from yesterday I messed up there because
I didn't smoking it up and still very
juicy by robbery and sure
tells me I didn't try it out with the
smoke I got this tongue by then let it
smoke long enough for the fat surrender
yeah but since it's still juicy and it's
still very flavorful I was like that
means there's gonna be a lot of beef fat
on there so if I can get the beef fat
off a little bit get that smoke flavor
it smells like bacon yeah there's no
bomb then it tastes really good because
I also have this bok choy left over that
mate thank you it I throw this in here
throw the rice in there we got ourselves
some yummy fried rice yeah my little
dirty try but this is like a nice that
all look at you using your hands like a
pro yeah this is nice and resourceful we
didn't have to spend any extra money
except for our four eggs that you bought
up why don't you buy this little small
pack this is a small nice it doesn't you
know they have is like a half a Dell
really yeah and did you buy this because
there's beautiful chickens out
free-range oh I bet they're not even
like this fine I'll tell myself that got
this going on and it's probably gonna
turn out yummy hopefully and what's cool
about fried rice is you could store it
for a long time look one more egg no
there's already a ton of eggs how many
eggs or is that too much well for the
flavor I'm trying to make sure it's nice
balanced for you okay fine you I don't
even know I'm making suggestions you're
the cook not me
but yeah so I uh I throw all this in
here and it's probably gonna be a it's
gonna be good because fried rice you can
store for a while it tastes better so
like yeah the right start soaking up all
the flavor so whatever we don't finish
today montre can eat tomorrow the day
after or we could even give it to family
and have them eat it because I know your
blood
likes to eat and then I know your mama
like oh yeah okay well I'll wait for the
end product I'm just gonna go sit down
and relax shit I just realized that I
didn't show you guys the end product to
poppers rice but let me tell you it was
delicious and out of that big puppet you
guys saw this is all thats left over
right here that's it there's nothing
else came out pretty good yeah that's
all that's left over and it was really
really bomb I mean this smoked me added
a lot yeah I tasted really bomb so I'll
probably be eating this tomorrow but hey
Jeff come over that was really really
good I'm the worst I didn't even show
you guys you deserve 50 lashings anyway
a very good kitty thing when we went to
Target I bought a couple things for our
boy and collective a little bear from
Target I got to watch this guy cuz I'm
sure a lot of people have touched him so
I got this guy and I feel I could be
good for him once he goes to the crib
cuz he's not gonna be in the crib for a
few months uh it's really light so if it
does Lynn on his face it doesn't matter
he's not suffocating because it's a
cylinder so it'll just roll right off
and you can just hug it if he needs to
hug it or it just feels like something's
there for him and with this similar
ideology in mind I saw this crocodile so
we got it for him and I think it's so
cute
what anyway guys um I do
at any point now at any point it could
happen so you might have been tonight it
might happen tomorrow who knows so just
wait for it why tomorrow oh you don't
want it happen tonight as you're tired
excuse you're just kidding you think you
mean we could jest everything community
yeah
you take the things that I meant to be a
joke seriously and the things that are
meant to be serious as a joke
usually when you say I'm beautiful when
you do all that stuff it feels like a
joke cause you never tell me say you're
beautiful why would I marry you if
you're not beautiful
oh so it's shallow now no anyway so yeah
what I was saying if I was rudely
interrupted he said it could happen at
any point now so just stay tuned these
balls are gonna get interesting who
knows what it's gonna happen and when it
does happen
holy shit let me tell ya but yeah guys
thank you guys so much for sticking it
out with me my little conehead over
there is gonna get an appointment to
check the doctor out to see what's going
on with his tale but yeah thank you guys
so cute thank you guys so much for
watching it's bending of the day with me
I'll see you guys tomorrow thank you
okay bye hey we'll be here me love me
love bye
