what up y'all you know why I'm so happy
today and why I'm walking again because
I'm gonna be taking an uber all the way
down to San Diego because oh what the
hell
because I'm getting my car back today so
my first stop is at tag Motorsports
where they painted my calipers converted
all my emblems to gloss black color
master reflectors and also exhaust and
chipped and tune my car then I have to
drive it over to HRT where I'm getting
my wheels done I'm gonna get a tour of
that facility and then if I have enough
time
oh good thing I remember I also
have to get my lowering module because
even though I put my wheels on the car
there's still gonna be a little bit of
gaps I have to go to a third shop if I
have time to make sure that that
distance is lower so that my car gets
the perfect stance and clicking my bear
are you wearing a mama bear shirt I
forgot to get my lowering module have to
go get it right now okay are you excited
for me today yeah I'm also nervous why I
don't go to labor when you're two hours
away I know I hope what Breaking Bad
doesn't happen where I'm out getting
something and then she goes into labor
but of course the baby is most important
so as soon as I hear anything I'm
turning the car back around and we'll go
and get mama so this is what I forgot my
H in our lorry module remember the thing
that I try to install like ten blocks
ago so I got this and what this does is
it's broken
it has it like a programming chip device
yep this is it this programming chip
device goes into the car and then it
tricks the car like the car is too high
so it brings it down a couple inches
because although my par has a dope
sporty stance is not like
you know I mean it has to be panning
droppin Tata I also gotta get this
installed but then anytime you mess with
suspension you also have to get
alignment or else you can wear out the
tires uh and evenly so I gotta get my
car line and all that so I got a lot of
stuff that's car related today and
hopefully mama bear doesn't go into
labor so everything will be nice and
smooth bye mama I finally walked all the
way to San Diego no I'm just kidding I
took a Hoover here and we're here tag
Motorsports done tada
some of you guys might wonder why did I
come all the way to San Diego to get my
car done well it's because I follow a
lot of IGS and I'm really into cars and
every single car that I've seen that's
done by tag Motorsports is not only
hella clean but also aggressive but
still very tasteful so I'm not into like
super loud I'm not into like super like
gaudy looking things I like things that
look aggressive and clean and stylized
but it still looks a little bit stock
but you know they've done a lot of
things to it
so I'm a big fan of their work and for
me since I love my cars so much I was
like I have to go to tag Motorsports
because I don't really know anywhere
else in LA that does is kind of stuff oh
we damns a lot of nice cars here there's
a Ferrari Ferrari with some bronze
wheels and then there's another Ferrari
red with black wheels red calipers I
wonder if these are customer cars these
are hella nice Oh ahem even the f-150
gold wheels right there and there's a
outie whoo HR YZ my favorite wheels I'm
also gonna be stopping HRE stopping by
HRU today to get my wheels put on those
are nice wheels where is my car one
defect to see my car first before I even
go inside oh I see it hmm should I have
the guy show me or just walk up to the
car let's go inside first all right so
here's my car
the N blooms are gloss black hell yeah
Oh what were you saying about the yellow
you're saying those a little too bright
compared to CalPERS okay cool so that
those are blacked out the calipers it's
this Porsche speed yellow that's gonna
look really good with the black wheels
man I can't wait to put the wheels on
and then oh the emblems in the back I
can't wait to hear it actually could I
turn it on okay oh and they also painted
the reflector see this being used to be
a different color but now it's great to
match that so now it looks way more
streamlined a lot of the reflectors it's
all about the little finishing touches
because this was a like yellow or red
and so was this one back here but they
painted all the reflectors so that it's
all color matched one nice clean color
and those calipers are nice and yellow
can't wait can't wait to put the black
wheels on it's gonna look sick
so Shawn's gonna go inside and he's
gonna start the car up for me so I could
hear what it sounds like I'm gonna on
the back probably sounds awesome
that that sounds gangster that's awesome
how much horsepower this does this guy
have No
about 700 700 horsepower dad car it
feels so good to finally have my car
back I haven't had this guy for two
weeks and I've been missing him a lot
and then I've been driving the truck I'm
just still really dope but I missed this
guy because this is like my my car the
trunk I consider like the family cars
like the big fun thing this is like my
rocket and I also have the baby seat
back there ready to go too so now time
to put on the wheels just pull them to
HRE
time to go inside BAM so here are my
wheels getting ready to be put on it's a
flat flat with the gloss barrel and it's
gonna pick one on this guy
getting raised right now it's so sick I
got the flat black and I also got like
the shiny horse and then I also got the
carbon fiber Center cat so I can't wait
for all of that to go on
it's gonna look so sick I can already
see it already I'm in HRT right now and
I'm about to give you a tour of the
facility starting off with the finished
product
this is the real showroom so I've got
all kinds of wheels here they can do
almost any color any finish this is more
like a satin finish
they have monoblock which is completely
warm together they have two-piece three
piece wheels the multi piece wheels are
wheels are like this where the actual
rim or the dish is separate from the
barrel naphtha but the pieces together
you see how it's uh is screwed in so
it's just a different style but they do
literally everything here and monoblock
would be something like this but this
whole thing is out of one piece but all
of their hree lion wheels are forged so
it's like super strong and then they
have an eland called flow formed and
that's a new line but yet this is the
finished product and you'll see it
drawing on a ton of high-end high-end
cars and I was told these guys aren't
designing because I don't want to
disturb them but they're like their
designers and they would work over here
now let's go into the manufacturing
where all the fun stuff happens
look at that abortion and though it's
nice so going into the manufacturing I'm
gonna go this way
so all these wheels they start off as
big blocks of metal what did you say it
was t something called a pig feet 61
beeping 6061-t6 aluminum was it like a
like a aircraft grade aluminum so it's
an aircraft grade aluminum and it starts
off and there's big-ass block like this
and this is is this the face or the dish
of the manage that yep that's the face
of the wheel so this is the face of the
wheel if you're gonna get a multi-faith
wheel and if you're not gonna get a
multi-piece true and you want to get a
monoblock wheel then it starts off and
this one big old chunk over here that
looks like this one big-ass wheel that's
all form solid and then from this step
what do they do after here the first
stage is gonna be late maybe he can
explain it better okay so that's first
step is the late excuse me sir
can you tell me what the laving process
is what is that well get the foraging
loaded up into the operation one yeah up
to this
you're getting to looking like this oh
we're sad
pull up the wheel over put it in - hop -
Josh does the second half and then you
end up with
after this guy send it over to the mills
told you all the designs but you order
whatever the design
then from there that gets sent to prep
and prep they get sent to powder coating
walk across them
so after this all they're doing is
pretty much prepping the raw material
and then it goes to this huge machine
right here and I was told that this huge
machine cost a million dollars so after
you get suppressed this is what the
designing happens they put these guys in
here
and so these haven't really been cut out
yet but there are a few so this is the
first one that you'll see then it starts
getting cut out and it's just like those
broad strokes of the design it's not all
the intricate details at all these
wheels have unit and after it comes out
of this machine it comes out of the
other side they were telling me that
because of this machine they're able to
cut their production times down by a lot
but it still takes a long time and
you'll see why it took me I think four
to six weeks to get my wheels and they
expedite it usually it takes six to
eight weeks because they spend a little
odd of time on these wheels so after it
comes out of that machine and it gets
generally prepped then they come to
another prep room where they do some of
the fine details and pump off all like a
little why
when it comes out from nitrogen
they have to brush it off or spit on the
camera then after that they take that
wheel and they put it in this machine
and all of those are like usual ceramic
people exchange that up for polishing
metal that you'll see it I'll come out
looking like this but now it's more
that point you gotta walk all the way
over to this side
well as cool as I was talking to Santoro
and he was telling me that he actually
using them used to work on the outer
coating department and because of how
good he was at his job he also spoke
Japanese when they needed him in the
hospital ice he was able to move up and
kill it and now he's in charge of
marketing he moved up so many times so
now he used to be back here enjoy like
the blue-collar hard labor stuff and
enough these white-collar working in the
office which is really cool and
inspiring meanwhile they're still
working on my car but over here is where
they do the next process
so we're going all the way over here
yeah wait
cleaning oh that's nice you have signs
are there
so at cleaning this is where they take
off all the oils chemicals everything
that they thought was original on the
wheel and pull it all off and they have
to go through every single bath by the
time it gets there that's the sonic bath
and in that sonic bath is limits are
able to blast off all the clean
materials oils or anything on there when
it's
energize it was completely
from Johnson
they look like they're following the now
you have a 19 find a truck and same deal
that they put in plastic bags over here
to get ready for the finish and the
finish means like whether clear cold
outer coating coloring painting then
what do they have to do to achieve the
final real product we'll go over to
and as part of quoting these were they
color it and they panic
and so for example here's a powder
coated like face this one's matte black
they're really hot over there you don't
want to touch it and then you know this
one was just powder coated clear
that's a nice glossy like shine clear
coat on it and once everything is put
together on it and then you put it on
the car so all this entire process is
this entire it takes this entire process
to create a wheel like this it gives you
so much more respect for these guys
because it's this guy started off as
Agawam piece of aircraft aluminum that
was carved out so many times to achieve
all this fine detail like it swoops and
like the way it's able to pick up light
and reflect light and then they put the
powder coat of the matte black on there
and then put this gloss flat so there's
so many multiple pieces my wheels
specific my wheel specifically the
three-piece wheel so they have to treat
each one of those pieces throughout this
entire process before you even put the
tire on to solve there's just so much
respect for this company and they really
really take great care of their wheels
and this is gonna look sick so if you
get a three piece wheel they also
assemble the wheels by hand does that
mean they have to put in every single
nut only wall so he's doing one nut at a
time
which is crazy they look like this so
every single one of those holes done one
by one by one by one by one by one and
you'll see those rivets on my part too
they do it by hand done with one
so I just learned something really
really cool about their shipping process
they have all these boxes here and
they're like really thick cardboard but
one thing that's really different about
them compared to some of the other wheel
companies is that they ship with foam
we have these foam inserts and the
reason why not to me he will ship with
fall and I know this specifically
because I used to have another wheel
called a J line it's very similar but
they didn't ship with foam and I think
one of the wheels came up semi crack
there's no a lot of people they just
toss boxes up the litter cool they don't
know what's inside but what's really
cool about this is they have this wheel
and it's in the foam so it stays
protected so if you live in a place like
America where a lot of the shipping
people don't really care about yourself
a just toss it your stuff will stay
protective but I like that so far I
really like HRT a lot and I'm really
happy with my choice I grew up looking
up to HRT like they're the Rolex of
wheels and I feel like I have not been a
wrong judge of character
I am so hungry because I have a jet but
I am so happy right now that I don't
even care because my car turned out
awesome myself one more step with just
to lower it just a tad bit just I can
get that perfect stance but the exhaust
is awesome it's when I'm just cruising
is driving you don't really hear much of
it it's just really chill so it won't
disturb the baby or anything but as soon
as i gassed it a little bit let me see
if I can gas it on the street but as
soon as that gas is just a little bit so
I'm here right just cruising here much
but soon as I gas it a little bit then
back hill the on and I'm
in comfort mode too so I'm not even in
dynamic where like it's supposed to go
crazy so I can only imagine what dynamic
sounds like I don't even want to do that
until I get on the freeway where it's
nice and safe but I'm really really
happy with the way the car turned out I
was not able to find a suspension shop
that can install the lowering module and
then align my car today a lot of the
places I called her really booked up for
like the next two to three weeks so the
second best thing is to get a car wash
to at least make my car look dope and
and I'm not gonna be able to get my
stance the way I wanted today but at
least the car will look nice and fresh
and not have a coat of that nasty dust
on there I think what the actual colour
supposed to be is wear that without
reflectors on painted cuz that's
straight from the factory but I think
it's extra stars over that judge but
even without a proper stance the car
does look pretty dope
it looks good there is a little bit of
tires out but it's not that in the I
really like the way that yellow calipers
fall so I just get a car wash and I'll
enjoy the car for what it is for now
it's so close to being done and I can't
wait for everything gonna be dead like I
really enjoy it but hey that's what
happens sometimes you know oh snap I
didn't realize this but I actually
stumbled upon a hand car wash place I
was just driving back and I was just
looking for a place that was still open
because it's around five thirty six ish
and a lot of places are starting to
close and I just stumbled into this
place and I'm watching my car come
through and I'm like oh that's dope
there aren't really any machines people
are actually scrubbing it with their
bare hands which is really cool from I
usually usually the place that I go to
it's done via machine and the machine
can never be as gentle as the way hands
are you know it's just human intuition
and the human touch and it just adjusts
so that's gonna be really really cool
that's awesome that I accidentally found
a new place
all food is squirting the soap all over
the brand new widows getting washed
ready
can't wait to see what this car looks
like without all that best
those a Chinese where those hrs are
popping it's really
I'm so glad I got those wheels oh yeah
it's finally clean
just got home and I can't wait to show
mama bear the dad car her eyes closed
right now I'm gonna lead her little by
little I'll hold my hand walk slowly
we're on the little walkway in the front
between the plants and the lawn so
you're nice and safe and don't you dare
open your eyes you're gonna slowly make
a right turn you're on the sidewalk now
keep going keep going you're doing great
are you expecting anything nope really
why did you know what Papa got good
taste yep keep going over there you know
pregnant over one with the cool yep it
feels scary big strides and it was a
scary okay
all right down I here okay
turn towards my voice all right
turn does my voice a little more okay
you can open your eyes look at the car
to your right no it's really
that's a fire or what fire I just kind
of lower like you know those are though
they took the tires off my own line
brand new cuz they put their dressing on
it they look really nice these are some
sweet shoes okay huh
is it sick
the yellow calipers adult touch huh I
like the web one but again I don't know
anything about cars and then you see all
the reflectors are changed so that weird
like colors gone I don't remember and
then I see how your car I thought your
blue car yeah there's our orange strip
yeah so this was born shoot but now it's
color matched Oh blocked it out where's
this for safety yeah why you tell me
well because anything that's safe is
immediate drier when you see a guy
riding a bicycle with a helmet on
drier but if you see a BMX guy no helmet
 wetter nah ma not for me I'm like
that guy's dumbass you ready to get in
this monster caregiver here I want you
to step on the thingamabob or do you own
me that camera holding our second vlog a
reaction are you ready yep
ready Oh
okay okay
you're gonna wake up the neighborhood
even though they're not sleeping beast
or what that's pretty sexy let's got you
what got up how are we suppose what are
kids asleep in that sword that car
look there's a freak I know I just said
how are we supposed to put it no we're
just realizing all scheme it's yellow
and gray how are we supposed to put the
kid to sleep now he's gonna love it
let's look Unni look at that a wheel Oh
Mike that's so cute young lord picture
real quick fine this is that that
sunlight yummy
you're in the shade there's no sunlight
that sunlight
this is shade alright guys I haven't
seen my mom fare all day today so it's
time for us to go get some food we're
gonna get in and out and we're gonna
spend some quality time together and the
day of the vlog is gonna end here see
you guys tomorrow bye
