every morning before jaqen is Ryan is
such a bay sweetheart yeah as he makes
sure where did you go 3 3 D breakfast
stop so first I go to Jamba Juice yeah
and then I go to Starbucks uh-huh and
then I go to mr. Baggett and then I come
back here and make sure everybody gets
just what they wanted
have you been sticking their head out of
the window yeah Slick's back but yeah it
looks kind of crazy oh you got Joe
harrenhal way like it's hard to stick
back has a lot of volume no it is he
tries to like puff his up a little bit
more mine ideally would lay flat oh
trying to take it back to the 90s a
little bit yeah you got me this coffee
you're the only one no what's next boom
Starbucks oh fuck alright never mind a
bit and then what did you get you got a
bagel yeah and and Jamba Juice and Gina
dot
mr. baguette Oh Joe got mister we get to
man I look at bun me every day and I'm
like that looks so delicious and it's so
flaky and crispy and soften the meat
inside with the pickled veggies
it's what and you get your phone you're
like oh this could light it and then you
start taking pictures so it's a pretty
good different table I don't take
pictures of me in the morning are you
serious it's for my coach do you see me
posting them online do you want me to
pull it up pull it up prove me wrong
what she's talking about
are these pictures and I took one this
morning because every Thursday morning I
have to take one it's for my coach and
it takes you 10 minutes I hear a fancy
update update to my well I don't post
them because they're for my coach he's
tracking my macros and you won't even
believe who's tracking my macros right
now someone special that they don't you
wouldn't even think does that tell me
but they're really good even though I
already know you know tell me fine you
do know yeah you tell me you can tell us
find a world-famous producer tracks my
macros I know you which is pretty
interesting cuz we connected we
connected on Fitness and he's so into
fitness that even though he's a bother
he still coaches other people on macros
and he started coaching me which is
pretty cool but yeah in the morning
everyone says children putting on the
last minute makeup touches emails
whatever before we start to roll okay oh
but we might resolve it so we'll see
okay so so yesterday we ordered some
food to go and like when they come and
deliver not gonna say what company but
uh both the sandwich shop or no no no
ordered Quiznos but then the delivery
company was supposed to deliver okay and
so just got this like hey your orders
almost there like an automatic response
right and and so she goes outside she
waits for them and then usually what
they do is is they can't find our office
or anything they'll give us a call like
a courtesy call that was trying to reach
out to us they'll text us try to look
for us right but basically after five
texts and two calls she the driver
cancelled and and just thought it was
kind of fishy because she was like why
were they not in our parking lot but the
whole time you see their location and
it's like like a block away so she's
like that's fucking weird right so then
they cancelled the order and then she
never got to talk to the driver so then
she emailed and she was like hey your
driver just came to our area and
cancelled it it looks kind of fishy can
I get a refund and then they responded
back and they're like no yeah yeah
something like that
yeah and then no she she made two calls
and it says that this number is not in
service
and she yeah and then she she kept
texting the person no response so then
what we think is drivers are gaming the
system by going close to the vicinity
and then cancelling the order
and he has a policy of like they'll wait
for five minutes if you don't show up
exactly and then so right you right so
then they they didn't even investigate
or anything they just said sorry or
whatever right
so what sucks is we have to use our
social media to fucking get fairness so
I immediately post it on Twitter hey I
think your drivers are gaming the system
and your customer service is not really
helping both within the five minutes I
got to respond please DM us to get this
solved so they were in the middle of
trying to resolve it but it's only
thirty five bucks that's not the point
the point is I don't mind paying more
money but if you're gonna run a business
you got to do it right that's good
there's that habit - you didn't have
some driver cancel usually that was not
one time let you try to order something
from that one place and there's a
Vietnamese guy or Chinese guy yeah okay
what did you do yeah so this so I order
from this restaurant
the order was accepted and then like 20
minutes later the driver I guess calls
me he's like hey I don't know why I
accepted this order I just realized that
this I don't know what their system is
but he said I didn't realize that this
restaurant is closed today he said can
you cancel the order
and I'm like okay fair enough cool
whatever like not a big deal so then
it'll cancel and then we're gonna charge
me so I'm like call them back on my
cable
they're gonna charge me for the cancel
cancel it on your end and then he's like
oh I actually can't do it this and I'm
like well I don't think it's fair that I
pay for your mistake he's like oh I
don't think it's fair that I have to
drive all the way out here and not get
anything for it and then I was just like
fuck I'm like I'm not counseling my
order
that's your bad you should know it don't
know like fuck him so I'm like you deal
with it you fucked it up I'm waiting
right shit something on my casa motor
and then I hit up post mates and then I
just told him the story and then I
showed him a picture of the driver and
then right away they're like oh my god
we're so sorry and then they just it was
usually pretty good with it like any
fuck I mean fucked up pretty good they
weren't good with it with me oh not the
company resolve yo shit post mates then
we'll see if I
feel like being positive with your
company again once there are a few times
where drivers are like no I'm not
driving all the way to you can you
cancel it like no it's like you're going
to get my five dollars
I'm like you cancel it and then
eventually they won't do shit so I can't
sit and then when you message you for
about it they do we fund you right away
like you're not getting shit on me
that's what happened to France a lot
really yeah like when they they they
remember Julia like I just wait in this
corner i'm i was in this guy-- moving
yeah and eventually I would have to
cancel I didn't have any bad experience
with who were in France it was pretty
good they just smelled funny one of the
guys smells so bad my grandad got sick
okay yeah to roll right here
Oh time for break break time is when
Ryan comes with lunch and then we all
break for lunch for two hours
Ryan is such a sweetheart where is he
Ryan the sweetheart where is he is he in
his car or something where are you
sweetheart
I'll see right I doesn't he right did he
text you oh okay well I'll help him was
on him
Ryan the sweetheart yeah it is very
bright oh shit my feet are gonna burn
hopefully my feet can last
I always film barefooted cuz it makes me
feel good natural oh there is Ryan the
sweetheart oh please don't burn feels
good so far I've been training my feet
so I've been training my feet doing all
the kickboxing stuff in the driveway and
jump roping in the Sun so my feet are
getting stronger which is pretty good
this is black top and I can feel it
burning but it doesn't hurt that much
but it is catching up oh fuck
help oh fuck is getting hard to go back
oh oh thank god
okay now that's really hot these still
need help Ryan do you still need help oh
okay okay thanks Julia I was so close
but I couldn't because my feets are
burning did you guys want to break for
lunch oh no I got state on my diet thank
you though are you going oh yeah can I
get something there what are you gonna
bring it what time we're gonna bring it
back cuz the drink that I want to get
it's only good if I drink it like pretty
fresh it's the iced milk one because you
know they blend it so if it starts
melting that is not good anymore oh can
you yeah I text you thank you so much
sure sweetheart - so instead of having
lunch the first thing that me and Joe
usually do now our new JK is scheduling
put on my seatbelt is we go to my house
and we train real quick like 20-30
minutes and it helps revitalize us for
the second session and we get to burn
some calories and then we eaten lunch
but speaking of lunch we're just saying
that possible yeah we just talked about
post mates but they just resolved the
issue and I deleted my previous tweet
but it again it kind of sucks the
you know if I if I didn't have a
following and if I you know didn't have
my Jamal Ian's come out and talk shit or
whatever and like I don't know if post
mates or these other companies yeah I
don't know if they would have done
anything but you know at the end of the
day I think at social media is great
because we make we keep companies
accountable we make and we and we hope
that they do a better job you know and I
know that like sometimes you have shitty
employees and they can't represent the
whole entire company because they fuck
it up for the rest so you know better
training equals better customer service
and happier community that's true yeah
but they fixed it so post mates you good
with me in the middle of training I was
letting meatloaf out and a boo-boo
happened there's blood all over the
floor god damn it and poor meatloaf
everyone else is coming out of this side
of the door and he wanted to squeeze in
behind me and as freakin tailed off car
so I have to bandage it up because I was
bleeding everywhere
it was crying like crazy I felt so bad
there's little blood like here in there
tuna so right yeah there was like over
here your son on my bottle so poor
meatloaf I was in a rush and I think use
is it a rushed you because I don't have
that much time to train I got to come in
and come out so I want a letter now so
they can hang out with this while we're
training but stead of following the
program of coming in front of me what
she always does no other dogs he went
behind me so I didn't see him and then
he freaking got his little tail car
you'll pay now you're crying like crazy
earlier
poor guy the Papa did a good job a
little ponytail now Joe is still over
there training which is good getting a
good sweat on his back listening so you
gotta keep training yeah seems like Meat
Loaf's okay no good is back to hunting
flies and you got a big smile right now
poor guy
I'm glad I was able to shake it off and
turn back into the happy fly hunter
what's that fly is your place it's gonna
fly Meat Loaf loves hunting for flies so
just stay there go all day long good boy
Cobra tail feels better
there you go there you go he's dead fly
me luck
there you go what's up I get that black
he's also the laziest planter cuz Meat
Loaf's won't get up to hunt the Flies
he's gonna stay laying there and then
try to bite off boy training
before the movie
I just finished training we can't read I
feel really really good feel
re-energized the next thing we're gonna
do is a shower ready for taking news I
always use this cream on my shins this
is boxing liniment from Pilate it's
awesome I use it on my shins slow down
my my leg first oh shit cause it hurts
like a kick harder and I think we have
about 30 minutes to shower and get back
to the office okay okay you know Israeli
CUNY was um earlier when meatloaf got
the booboo gone I'm Vicki thanks they
sense that he was certain they kept
licking his tail and smelling it so that
was really really clean good job sisters
so I just got back to the office now
it's time to eat lunch
still got one of my meals trying to stay
on track got a pop it into the microwave
I just told my bear about what happened
to meatloaf and of course mother is
worried because she's the mom but I let
her know that I bandaged everything and
that everything's okay now but she still
thinks it's my fault possibly could I
have prevented it mmm maybe but also we
all know that Meat Loaf's a bulldozer
so I don't know it's just when to too
careless things together yeah too
careless things together is his recipe
for trouble on a good note Julia brought
all of us some delicious delicious
drinks are ordered Oh were they able to
get the nonfat milk huh still works so I
got a iced milk drink with bovine grass
jelly which is fat-free which is
maybe that's your side I didn't do it on
purpose I'm so sorry I sent you a
picture and you were smiling
you saw that smile you know dad no no
you didn't oh my god here you know
meatloaf you know the freaking bulldozer
that yes because I know him I know I
have to wait for him to do shit and then
I close the door
look this is he's a freaking happy
camper look at this you see this no he's
banished him mom where are you eyes and
then he's gonna get blood he's gonna
take that bandage off he's gonna be
wagging his tail on our bait in our
beige fucking living room and
everything's gonna be splattered with
blood no i benched him very good he's
gonna rip it off I don't think so
I a hundred percent he will well maybe
you could tell your mom to go and check
up on him dead but I don't think he will
because he was a really good boy after i
banished him who's hanging out with me
and Joe training washing us hunting
flies again you know how much he loves
to hunt flies so he's hunting all the
Flies while we were training and then he
still bulldoze into the door so it
wasn't that bad it's okay with you
those eye rolls oh my god I feel like
your mom I'm gonna do that baby I feel
like I'm channeling your mom you are
turning into a mom though but your mom
Oh a mom is cool your mom what do you
got there all right so we got a gift
from Jen's
underscore till Man 13 and it says bark
Joe Casey make sure you're all together
opening this and add to all of your
vlogs prove she trying to be famous but
you know what she's in case she gave us
pari sauce are you open mind so so I'm
opening yours what it's just because
it's peri sauce yep that's it yeah why
are you looking like your cock you
caught a cold and shit
so this is peri-peri sauce thank you
very much because we miss Nando's and we
don't have condos out here and no
clothes
hey my two best guys ever so in this
extra wrap package is something very
special
y'all came to Australia two years ago
for game on and wanted to revisit your
two favorite fast-food joints Nando's
and Pie Face you know us very well yes
unfortunately there's no chicken or pie
face in there in here but there are some
Nando's sauces to satisfy your cravings
and here is also a pie face ten minutes
down from where I live so hit me up when
you come back down under you trying to
work check your DMS for the what I can't
afford before the proof proof oh okay
sorry I couldn't pack more but hopefully
it will give you a taste of Australia
and you could come back soon enjoy and
keep up the awesome work awesome I loved
our fans that's awesome thank you very
much and then I'm gonna message on
Instagram saying thank you very much but
don't send us more shit cuz it's too
much work to message all of you guys
stop saying a shit I want to buy it but
we need I'm like I'm like the opposite
of show send anything your I don't want
you guys to three load all of our fans
what the hell is that we have our own
fans that Oh something came in is that
for the office oh stop sending us shit
we told them to send us not just got the
Shinsengumi it's our nightly ritual as
you guys know right after we finished
filming we go Asians and gloomy and it's
something that we love love love but I
know you guys seen me each and Tsugumi
for a million times so I don't have to
show you guys that anymore but I'm just
gonna have a good time relax and kind of
have a little cool down after a long day
is what the film is I'll catch you guys
tomorrow
peace so I know I told you that the vlog
ended but I was just kidding because as
soon as I came home and I saw this I
thought I was way too cute what
situation that you say you're trying to
figure out my bear so remember the the
meatloaf tail incident yeah so when I
got here mom was trying to clean off all
the blood splatters that he put all over
our white walls every time you wanted to
mother there's blood splatters
everywhere do you so then this whole
time I've been trying to figure out a
cone situation and that guy just using
cardboard and it didn't work yeah but
look at him now I thought that you look
so comfortable
you look miserable he looks why did you
take off the bandage I gave you earlier
stop it
don't take it off tree by duct tape me
he's gonna rip it off we just need this
to happen he doesn't you should have
seen what that looked like it was like a
big s like it was so tight on his face
we compose Oh why'd you do that today
you did it I didn't do it you did it I
always tell you to pay attention for
they tell you like I always think about
their tales I always think about it know
pay attention meatloaf sorry mister
looks cute though okay fine I messed up
I miss there you get aside I hide my
stuff
well we're gonna have some family time
have a little confidence now it's a real
good night good night
