good morning guys so I have to really
keep it down this Jill it's still
sleeping super early in the morning it's
6:17 and I'm really excited this morning
because not only am i making coffee but
I found this fat-free creamer at the
supermarket right here french vanilla
mm-hmm so I'm really excited to use this
because I always use black coffee but
sometimes I am in the mood for our
custody coffee and it's always hard to
get something sweet with low calories so
I was really happy to be able to find
this and this is how I make my coffee
every morning pretty much I just get a
Mac I get this thing and I have just
some regular house folders and it hasn't
believe this let's check it out this
whole deal is full and I been eating
this whole thing by myself I'm actually
really proud of myself because there's a
lot of times where like I get the bulk
pack and I don't end up finishing the
whole thing because it's just so much
but I've been pretty dedicated and I'm
not really sharing with you like this
Gio can have caffeine so I'm pretty like
there's a sense of accomplishment I'm
just getting this whole thing and not
throwing it away and I'm pretty good
where's his food there is I usually make
it like 3 scoops 2 3 I bought this
little pole everything I was using uh
that coffee machine before the filter
inside but then I felt like it was kind
of kid I was a little bit hard to wash
so I bought this single serve uh Pulver
machine and the steam works amazing why
should I miss my friend
yeah tight cool but this is awesome
so you just pulled over like any copper
thickness and it's pretty it's tough in
it match right Mac but then the clip
only goes down through the mill it
doesn't drain out it doesn't drain out
towards the side see that isn't that
crazy it just only closed down towards
the middle or right there and it's just
one single serve and by the time it hits
the bottom it's pretty much done and I
just got a poor my uh my French for
knowing it's still going down what I'll
start you oh yeah
and I also need to get my meals I prep
my boys every morning this is chicken
yep chicken and then I go to my backpack
it's already off my close friend this is
my voice after I dream they take a
shower so I have my clothes back
and put in the backpack time for the
good stuff for about about like two
tables for making just suggested meeting
go Wonderstone can play mmm now it's
time to go to the gym I'm catching up
uber this morning I figured I could get
some work done on the way to the gym and
I usually don't take the truck right now
when I'm not driving because it has our
overnight bags and all the pregnancy
stuff so I let Gio take that if she does
need a driver I just got to keep my
phone on cuz Gio could pop any day now
so I got to be ready for when the baby
comes I keep my phone on all the time
and I leave her with the truck and also
the rs7 is at the shop so I think I'll
just be a nice change of pace to not
have to drive through the LA traffic get
some work done and oh cool I think my
uber is already awesome just got to the
gym I was able to knock out about 30
minutes worth of work off of my workload
today which is always good now it's time
to beast it and train let's see who is a
working right now
the warning haja morning really it's so
early morning that's awesome oh yeah so
I come into the office and then I drop
off my stuff I don't really know I drop
it off because I'd end up dropping off
outside anyways oh because I take my
pre-workout so uh take my pre-workout
cuz these days I need it and then I'd go
outside alright so a funny thing
happened Papa Bear forgot his camera for
the rest of the day so now I'm taking
over cuz I have my camera just got here
alright so here it is paw bear safe
looks pretty freakin cool I don't know
anything about the safes but it looks
really cool and it feels like a bank
like a bank safe but like a mini version
of it and it's super thick as hell I'm
pretty sure Bart will vlog it and I when
he gets here I'll have him just explain
everything to you guys but it's just
some heavy duty stuff like this thing
looks like it weighs it's fun I don't
know what I'm talking about but look at
the inside so cool so he's gonna
obviously put all his guns here um since
we have a baby coming we're not about to
leave guns anywhere lying around freely
around the house so everything's gonna
go in here important documents a little
bit of jewelry that we do have will go
in here like just you know cash on hand
just in case of an emergency we try to
keep just cash around the house um not
like a crazy amount but just like a
couple hundred here and there just if we
have to like pay for something in cash
or whatever when we don't have time to
run to the bank it's good to have that
like house documents passports you know
things have really things that are
really really important so he'll move
all that in here ah
and I think he
has an outlet like I think they
connected it oh no they did it but here
it is so somewhere in here let me turn
on my light I don't know why I turn my
phone over somewhere in here there's
like a cord oh there it is
so that we can keep things charged but
this is pretty damn cool it's so nice I
like it I think my favorite part I don't
know anything about safes was literally
just opening it up let's see how I
closed it
all right now it's on the set it what I
do I just it's still open
oh how do I close it all right I clearly
don't know how to close it I'll just
leave it open again I don't know how to
close it we'll just wait till Bob Baer
comes back yeah I'll just do that look
like I want to break it even though it's
a fucking safe I don't know what I'm
doing I'm just gonna be though if we're
just gonna leave it alone right we're
just gonna leave it alone by let's do
that thank you boy let's go back inside
it's good thing good thing no inside no
boy not outside inside yeah good boy
he's like fuck you mom he went back
inside anyway all right let's see where
Papa left the camera
you said it's in this gym but oh here it
is
this guy this guy that's his camera okay
well yeah you're stuck with me ready to
kill him finally oh yeah okay okay okay
hi I already told them about her safe
but I don't know anything about it I
know it's cooler than what I made it out
to be
I just said it's really thick and heavy
she said they just said the cone yet
no of course not even touch anything
yeah no technically technically go
exactly I think it looks better than the
one that you were trying to get her this
is a collar yeah show me oh sorry there
supposed to be a lighter gray that
matches this like in-between this
imagine this with this speck on it you
shouldn't need the picture pull it up
doesn't matter it's still a text yeah
cuz when I saw this on I thought it was
a perfect color oh and then you showed
me that one and I thought it was too
late but you let me know cuz it's a good
in-between for this and this yeah I'm
supposed to be posed to excuse me
why excuse me did you fall excuse me sir
excuse me
oh there it is but that color yeah a
post this one it's supposed to be this
one but there's a bad picture of it this
probably cooking next to a
a window so looks a little bit blown out
but it's supposed to be it posed to be
you sent me the link in the text maybe
like this it looks exactly the same just
a little bit the other one you sent me
was lighter but anyway this is the one
that came in do it what do you think I
should go with this I like this one
because it looks just it looks rugged
one looks too like me and yeah so I love
with this brown because uh this is the
best hands down cool you already said
more than I did
oh it's one two three four five six
pound there you go it's a pretty heavy
door it's a really heavy door all lights
you know I didn't even know it came with
light you didn't tell me anything okay
they didn't install like that's
perfectly fine were they supposed to yes
oh they didn't do it it's fine severity
sent the wrong colors so I'm not
expecting much it's freaking thick its
frickin heavy so the average safe when I
was looking at I'm there like this which
is already thick but this is literally
double the thickness yeah just like your
dog freaking crazy isn't it yeah it's
don't like just Oh
inside you know hmm no a special
concrete oh shut up
really yeah it's like this fire like
fire retardant concrete so whatever we
keep in here it's like good luck buddy
and then this thing is freaking thick a
lot of more like only this thick so this
thing's like go up buddy target in this
yeah the only thing I know you scared
him the only thing I know that you were
gonna put in here or the gun guns foot a
baby baby guns and they're not a poor
boy yeah I said that too cool oh and
also external hinges they also said
safes all the good scenes
external hinges not the one so that when
someone steals it they just take these
things off no it's the good ones are
external it's hard to pry open for some
reason they said the internal ones are
easy I don't know I'm talking but it's
nice yeah it's pretty nice so you like
this one yeah you don't you don't want
to go with the lighter one no it looks
manly it looks like it belongs in a
garage
oh yeah it took two guys and they were
stuffing balls they put your cord on the
outside good thing I did tip um no
they're not that bad he was the guy was
uh-huh yeah he asked and they tried
their best to Center it they had to
remove the top uh it was really hard for
them to move it yeah prolly all they
didn't push all the way back you can't
even tell to be honest
not with your chanclas it looks great
don't worry about it they also left
space cuz it kept pinching the the cord
the power cord but it looks cool I like
it like a mama yeah I think it's awesome
I think you made a good choice okay fine
we'll get back to work I don't know they
let's see all the instructions up there
oh good god I'm so stupid
that's all it took alright now did you
want to come break it into our sink one
two three four five six pound well
hopefully they get in and would they
don't get shot because the dogs are
gonna alarm us first and then we're
gonna
come out shooting aah
you ruined it
yeah meatloaf was it was sitting by the
door the whole time inspecting making
sure that they weren't doing any funny
stuff oh you missed a next to me cause
he's scaring you you big baby you big
baby
can't believe you're so big and you're
such a scary cat is it really gonna
bother you uh what they would do they
would open the door use that to push it
down
and then they would push like uh push it
did you press pound and then they would
use their weight to pull it down yeah
and then I guess that's all you got no
not at all
I know but my wrist is fucked up i'ma
try there you go oh yeah
sorry all right well that's that folks
was not gonna turn on cuz it's the
powers not on I don't know baby oh the
humidifier the dry rot fine
I just finished training trainees been
going really good and so has my weight
loss I'm not my newest low I'm only I
think like 188 I'll probably break into
187 this week actually trying to stay on
track with my meals today I have a
ground turkey pasta 685 calories 66
grams of protein and 24 grams of fat
let's see what my bear hats
oh my goodness
oh is that that new that new is that a
chili cheese dog I'm sorry you're so
lucky
no I'm really envious oh my God look how
fat oh look at this Friday oh whoa look
it Wow poppin up down are you counting
on your days do you think after you give
birth you're gonna keep eating like this
what oh um probably not this crazy sorry
a little babies getting all kinds of
nutrients they still have to breastfeed
yo
they still need those nutrients but
probably won't be going like this I'll
start putting back that's pretty fun hot
so you just eat crazy like this pile I
think it's fun
would you have to be selective with what
you eat too because then you get
heartburn and oh I never eat small meals
you can t has much soap yeah who better
take I guess I remember when I was bulky
I was going ham like this but like
probably double or triple ham where
Mario is doing and I had a really good
time but what I realized is at the end
of it like you have it what's what's a
really good time is actually very
temporary and what's permanent is the
body you're left with so I would have a
good time every single meal but then I'd
wake up in the morning I'm like damn I'm
fucking fat and then now every single
meal kind of sucks ass but I wake up in
the morning well she'll look pretty good
it's like a give or take like in the
temporary man it's a list when you get
to have like a pizza or something BOM
but then right now I have these freaking
meals that have barely anything in it
that when I poop it's like little
pebbles Oh rabbit yeah you look great
thank you mama bear
clearly Kenny I just water just took a
shower and mom bear made some delicious
watermelon drink that I can have no sip
of yeah I got limeade
as the base so it's like lemonade with
lime so it's like tangy yeah oh and then
I just added ice and watermelon sounds
bomb oh what a quickie dink it's green
and red like a watermelon bikini so
about to finish off the night with a
little bit out of Breaking Bad action
just started on this show I'm so sad
that game with roses coming - and to be
honest I'm like yeah like a believ off
the win another year and then after that
there's no more so we're trying to get
on - yeah all that shows you've been
back the farm let's not just any shows
we should be watching in the comments
below because we need to find some good
shows and it's so hard to like find
anything that's as good as Game of
Thrones because Breaking Bad everyone
tells us really good but it's not even
half as good as Game of Thrones like not
even half so please help us out we need
some good shows good night
