you guys recognize this parking
structure if you don't buy now it's okay
actually I am back to visit my doctor
same 30 weeks pregnant now closer to 39
than 38
so when I visit him every single week
just to check up on my progress check up
on the baby's progress and today is
gonna kind of suck for me because it has
to fucking get his fingers and put them
in my vag hole and he's got a like
tester on and what it's not like he's
he's like this 6-3 guy and he has like
sausage figures and I'm not looking
forward to that just to check my cervix
and the baby's head and make sure it's I
don't know a bunch of medical shit oh we
get beautiful doctor to stroke on my we
we did check about right there or not
that's what what you just said but
anyway as you guys know ah
you almost closed on it as you guys know
we've been banned from filming so I have
to catch you guys up after the is it
alright I gotta show you guys this
thing's I got really good at peeing in a
cup cuz every single time
um I have to come in for my equipment
and then they check my Pete and then I
have to put it in there I open it
leave my sample in there and then I
guess they check it before I leave and
they tell me if anything's wrong but if
I don't hear from them that means
everything's normal but first time I did
it like who's gonna pee all over myself
but now I just not uh position it and
I'm ready to rock a roll so I'm gonna do
it and I'm not about to flog because
it's savages but alright so we're in the
room this has to be secret
but markers ready yeah cuz everything
covered up looking forward to this so I
guess we'll update you when this is done
because we're gonna supposed to be doing
this book wanna share life with you so
see you guys later
alright so finished up at the doctor's
he said everything is good what exactly
did he say that I'm I'm violated more
than he was saying that your cervix is
dilated pretty good for the first time I
guess what he's implying is that a lot
of first-time mothers their cervix isn't
as dilated probably because her body has
never given birth before and I think
he's also implying that people that are
second or third time mothers they
usually dilate a little bit better but
he was saying that yours is pretty good
for the first time
smashing MPR's cervix PRS cervix PRS
yeah so now um Oh before I even move
into that yeah it was it was an
interesting experience he like imagine
you wanting to put your hand in a
bowling ball but then your fingers are a
little too big so you're just like
jamming your fingers in the holes of
this bowling ball that's what it felt
like so it was very painful but it was
very short so it was nice it was like
five seconds of him just like trying to
fucking smash his fingers into this
bowling ball so I never want to do that
again
I never want to do that again popper was
jealous that he wasn't getting fingered
after you said what stroke that be the
direct orders a car like equivalent
equivalent yeah like if a girl's get
anything there the guy has he has
stroked he's so dumb all right well
anyway I'm glad it's over now moving
into my regular day of meetings and I
don't know what else happens out there
meetings just relaxing I guess but you
have to start exercising I never stopped
exercising the last couple of weeks it
wasn't couple weeks
it wasn't couple weeks we need a pump
under treatment
so what he's referring to is the doctors
like remain active keep doing what
you're doing like don't stop
but this keep this week that just passed
like my bones I've just felt so fucked
up
and my feet have been hurting so much
that I all I've been wanting to do is
just sleep so that's what I do because I
feel like outside from the average
person like I push my body pretty crazy
because we have to act so much so last
week we had the TV show we had just
kidding party the TV show that we're
working on and then we had just Kinney
news and then I have a bunch of meetings
in between all that so I'm just mentally
just fucked up so if you ever been
mentally drained you just don't want to
do anything so all I wanted to do is
mentally drained I want to knock out and
my body is just like really exhausted so
it also wants to knock out so I just
listened to that but he's taking it as
like I haven't moved at all
which I don't know what he's talking
about that's not what I'm saying I'm
just saying there yeah you reach a point
yeah this week you got it just bump up
your frequency and workout for like 30
min and that's what I'm gonna do but you
make it sound like I've been like
stagnant because I just finished my
first meeting and moving into my second
meeting which is always a lot of fun
because it's JK party meeting which
means we just get to think of different
ways to fuck with our cast and it's
awesome cuz we're gonna play I forgot
the name of the game that we're playing
all I know is that they're eating a
bunch of fucked up shit and some shit
that I found so I found uh what is this
Oh Rocky Mountain oyster jerky which is
bull testicles right oh beef testicles
and then I have some larvae which is
fucking nasty
cheddar cheese I know Mexican spies
cheddar cheese and there's one more down
there I can't read it but that looks
disgusting what's this one this has an
expiration date on it oh cool pork
brains with milk gravy which is even
fucking words
and I'm sorry you can like this stuff
but this shit's nasty
and then uh aunts favorite right here
what the Moroccan octopus jerky I don't
know about that this is bomb I don't
know maybe I think it's just the
tentacles that freaked me the best part
oh my god you're an animal I remember I
used to tell my mom I was like uh how
many octopus have testicles hon she
would start laughing and I understand
why she would laugh at me I mean if you
make octopus of each year but the only
one I know is high ball which is
imitation crab and then there's fish and
then there's a shrimp that's the only
one I eat and then we have cuttlefish
ink aka squid ink look at that magically
your shit looks like to be down there I
know I'll give you a hundred bucks see
down that you watch me shit after I'll
look at what the aftermath I don't want
to watch you fucking shit without that
and that it be black yeah or you can
just drink pepto and I'll come out black
and then this is the lightest can ever
but look what's in there
Gina's favorite she'd at Rancho low
right I think so
uh even this close to freaks me out look
at it look at it close ah badging this
shit you wake up and it's on the side of
your face what do you do take on the
side of your face like it's just
crawling you wouldn't smack I don't know
what to do
my first instinct this is just gonna go
like the flailing uh and it'll fly into
your mouth oh I think it'd be like this
snippet you know that thing that the
that you do that yeah like you can't
help it you just look up and you're like
flailing man
right out of the house fuck yeah what if
it lands on Cristina uh one time Nance
what was I think it was a beam it had
landed on someone so the person was here
and I'm back here and then nads went
like this to the person flee hit that
mean the fucking view it like right here
and I'm like ah but it didn't sting me
last but not least is Rocky Mountain
what the fuck is Rocky Mount Rocky
Mountain needs to stop making shit does
he make the fucking bull testicles say
right here Rocky Mountain stop it
Colorado now you're making the fucking
rattlesnake and it's smoked remove bones
before sampling wait I didn't think you
have bones yeah I didn't think snakes
had bones
a good thing is though has to be on
sugar in there what's good about that
that's gonna taste sweet yeah that's
disgusting liquid well this is the best
time to be pregnant I swear to you once
I'm not pregnant I'm so fucked
I'll probably just try to stay a host or
something cuz host and pregnant people
don't have to eat crazy shit just have
six babies in a row spoken like a true
Mexican
yeah it's the most Mexican person I know
but yeah I can do that six my vagina
would be obliterated I'm not about that
they should just yeah I can't stop
looking at it it's really scary dude I
hope it's a whole piece so I can make it
Rice Krispies Sheena put one big red
tulip on top of it
but why give them something good why not
just leave a trench Allah by itself
Oh what are you gonna cry so crispy
street but just insult like fucking them
so we could do that fuck up the flavors
mmm why do you gotta get the good stuff
when we just use like Ajax oh I think
they'll die dude that's evil just a
little bit that's that's fucked up I
don't come up with that fucked up shit
it's pretty funny Ajax is pretty funny I
always thought it was a hawks uh-huh
yeah cuz my mom would always call it a
Hawks and then I thought it was just a
Mexican product until someone like you
said Ajax in it and then it clicked and
I was just like Oh
Ajax it was one of those moments and I
was like in my late 20s to when this
happened Wow goes to show you I don't do
anything at home my house is clean okay
doesn't mean me what is that call me
oh go man TIFF only started with
cornflakes cool videos cornflakes
those completely you look this yeah look
it is a lot they yeah all right we're on
the JK Party side getting everything
ready for our next shoot talking and
eating and this has to be got to be the
best fucking caramel popcorn I've had
this right here what did you know why
you stealing all the popcorn cuz I want
it there's so much sugar in there lemme
see 15 grams for one cup
it's one gram of protein
Hellyeah muscle baby six grams of fat
this is horrible yeah Sugar's pretty bad
okay yeah exactly yeah it's great we got
GMO corn from one so I'm gonna have one
more because I'm addicted and after that
I'm done only one how can you just have
one little kernel you see this baby's in
good hands right here keep growing keep
growing you know they just made up they
just made us Jing say nuh what feels
better hugging someone with muscles
dad bod I even stayed dead body
who's better to hug David or Bart David
for sure David's fucking sauce yeah I
always wanted lean on David and not Bart
cuz bites so much pervert and no it's
from the first experience
you heard it here in Gio's blogs yeah
it's like when your dog was asleep and
they go like this my tell David I'm
telling I'm gonna text them right now
already is gonna start training so very
lower than
what was gonna start training and we
wanted to dog with this or mainly I
wanted to dog with this so I have the
pup who's just watching us and then I
just created a little bear kits that
they don't run out but that's not really
gonna do shit like at all but I'm just
trying to do any like deterrent possible
so it might block I don't know a dog
that's walking by or something for like
a split second that'll give us a split
the earth not us but maybe paw bear
split second to run and I stopped it so
yeah gonna work out because my doctor
highly recommended it even though what I
wish I could do right now is just lay
down and sleep he was just saying it's
only gonna benefit you so do it
so pop was kind enough to make a little
workout for me and he called it mommy
WOD so this is what he wants me to do
five-minute treadmill warmup
ten-to-one box squats pull the parts
dumbbell presses and bent over rows and
then another 15 minutes of treadmill
that means I just pick something that's
slightly challenging you just kind of
just stay there Oh what you don't want
to do is like increase and then decrease
in increase and decrease at your own
whim if your body is always gonna tell
you
oh I'm tired so you're gonna decrease in
and you don't want to do that you want
your body to constantly be challenging
so I think for you maybe like a 2.53
does that sound about right yeah it
sounds pretty good yeah yeah so I'm 38
weeks now um so he says the best he says
honestly I have one more week to go
which I think I already mentioned that
earlier in this video but yeah he just
was like you know stating the benefits
of squatting and staying active and so I
guess I got to listen to doctor's orders
and if he says to keep moving and
exercising and keep doing what I've been
doing then who the hell am I to argue
with my doctor right so for all of you
guys and gals out there that keeps
saying don't do it are you supposed to
be doing that you're pregnant you should
be do that stop living in the dark ages
and get with the program and please know
that I'm a true testament
to staying active during a pregnancy is
so motherfucking healthy boy your
motherfucking baby
so stop spreading bad advice because if
a doctor who went to medical school and
it took him ten years to do that at
least then I think he knows what he's
talking about
so I think I'm gonna listen to them and
not to you guys so don't spread that
shit but yeah I'm gonna get to work
you put the volume up now why you need
so much attention Drago Drago now he's
coming back though yesterday as I was
trying to take it out the whole time
whoa that's how Drago died yeah he's an
Olympian what is that called
he's a javelin thrower kill them if you
don't want to eat what Thrones I just
pulled the shit out of it sorry fine
it's done all right now I'm gonna
alright just finished and I feel good I
have like this really cool little pink
flushed look just waiting everywhere
look at all that yucky but I feel really
really good I'm glad I did that prior to
doing that you saw it had like zero
energy my back was killing me I hate
that I do this to myself I feel like
shit so I don't want to do anything
because my body is all achy and stuff so
then I just lay down
I stand productive and I don't again do
anything but now that I did it I feel so
good
oh my body feels good my back's
magically not hurting my feet don't hurt
my hips don't hurt like what the fuck I
keep playing myself
dammit but I might I did it I got out
there I did that whole mommy wad he made
for me and I feel amazing I feel so good
if you guys are like sad and you're just
not feeling good about yourself I'm not
talking about depression because I don't
know anything about depression but I'm
just saying if you're down on yourself
and you feel lethargic and it's just not
a good day honestly I highly recommend
just working out for like an hour and
like intense I keep your heart rate up
and I swear to you you're gonna feel so
much better when you finish and you have
to and you have to complete your workout
like here you have to set like I'm gonna
run for an hour or I'm gonna do squats
and I'm gonna bench or I'm gonna do
burpees like you've got to set a plan
and commit to it even if you're fucking
ten and you feel horrible
commit to that shit complete it and it's
like this little mini goal that you just
did and you feel so good about yourself
like it's incredible how good you're
gonna feel like try it please please if
it's free like just you need to do it
outside like do yourself a favor and
just do it and I'm saying this even to
myself because it's so easy for me to be
like um pregnant and in hoods like I
listen to my body
and then I get in my own head and I stay
there and I feel like shit like a lot I
believe it worse and then I start work
out I'm like fucking retard why didn't
you just fucking move this feels amazing
like right now I felt great anyway I'm
done
sorry I didn't mean to go off on it on a
rant but I care about you guys all right
if no one else cares about you
i frickin care about you so get out
there move your little bum bum if you're
not feeling good about yourself I tell
you it's gonna be a blessing and you
feel this best guilty when you scarf
down that burger with fries fun it looks
like it's that time again huh
fine don't look for me fine fine
why you give me the side eye I try to go
to sleep with something no you're not
fun I think she's really annoyed by me
all right Britt give me some love freaky
what time is it what time is it big whoa
that's stretch oh dear dragon drag on
I think dragon but Regan I think I don't
know meatloaf you got to tell everyone
all the time it is bro you're gonna just
meatloaf what time is it
you little flirt huge what what boy what
how do you go I don't understand you
you're flirting's weird boy come here
this guy he extends his hand and then
when I go reach for it slowly he pulls
it back and then when I pull it back he
extends it again the CUNY boy oh thank
you oh thank you
you're the best you're the best and it's
just over there's the best and this one
over here is the best don't ever leave
me boys don't ever leave my side please
stay with me forever don't ever leave me
me though if you got promise right now
okay there you go
me Goku no no no come here you got to
promise me right now meat loaf gotta
look me in the eye
meats okay meat loaf baby you can never
die okay you can never die what the hell
he's not gonna die me love what the hell
what's wrong with you
fun doesn't like this conversation me
though milla milla boy
you can't die okay don't die you can't
die coop boy
fine he say he's not gonna die
I believe him what do you want
you're flirting with your brother that's
weird don't do that
all right well it's nobody wanted to
tell you what time it was
I'll tell you what time it is it's
clearly time to go to sleep because
clearly someone is really comfortable I
don't know so I think it's time for the
bedtime you like our to blankets he has
a thicker blanket I have a thinner
blanket mine doesn't have a duvet cover
on it but his does what's a pellet
smoker you know what's funny
I was just talking about my blankets to
you guys and this guy we hear such
interrupting about smokers go wait
yesterday Oh at 1808 when we lived there
I mean I made something that was like a
12-hour smoke residue remember do you
remember that time she doesn't want to
talk about it I don't remember it was so
juicy
do you remember was he there but it was
a pain in the ass to make mm-hmm because
I have to keep attending to the fire
mm-hmm what a pellet smoker does is you
put what mm-hmm and if he comes a cup of
--n so you just said it you don't do
jack shit maybe checkup once or twice
and it's like an oven that you just keep
outside and you don't worry about
tending to the fire where did this come
from
so I really wanted to make brisket again
I don't want to put in all that work and
waste my whole day tending to a fire I'd
rather just sent it or you just buy it
from someone smoked brisket
no one's barbecue is better than mine
whoa video
why did you hear that you say that boy
don't tell me a place was
is better than mine uh everyone else's
mother seriously
meatloaf meatloaf can you tell your dad
to stop he says that I don't know fine
you stir pretty good right yeah there's
I still like yours better delicious yeah
fine no it's fine
meatloaf Oh something happened all right
well tell him you look it's time to go
to bed it's summer go to bed it's a no
go bed
it's definitely time to go to bed so
guys thank you so much for watching my
day and loving us we love you guys so
much
sorry for being so preachy about
exercising but I'm telling you if you're
sad or not feeling that good get local
good workout in fix you right up
but anyway enough with the preaching
this ha baby see boy oh look at all this
fur house they're so cute you have fur
like all over your fucking body like
there's not like there's just fucking
fur everywhere how does that feel all
right forget it
good night guys
