this is very CUNY me and Marbury
matching I'm wearing like a burgundy
shirt and my bet is wearing a burgundy
dress it's pretty CUNY had that happen
to me I think you copy my style probably
but wait I you just finished taking a
shower
yeah I've been ready I know more maybe
we're just soul mates I think that's it
yeah that's let's make a romantic before
we start a big fight fine it's so late
we're connected so we're on our way to
meet my mom and my cousin because my
cousin he got into podiatry school and
he's gonna go to the Bay so we're gonna
have a nice little one dietary school
when you're studying to be a pedophile
what no Poe diet read now head diet tree
I sound like oh except I died you know
Pope diet tree means he's gonna be a
foot doctor slash foot surgeon you know
he has a foot fetish what a pervert yeah
so he's uh he's all grown up now and I'm
really proud of him so me and my mom are
gonna have a what does it call like a
farewell lunch while he packs up and
then he's gonna go to the bank this week
what a good cousin you are
really is this normal stuff I don't know
like when people go off and do things
don't you like oh they're all dinner
yeah like all my brother's going Iraq
like we you know we thought we'll go out
to eat get strapped in so do I recognize
to go to college well I don't know I
have no I have I have no idea well when
is it appropriate to get strippers for
going away when they're going to Iraq
okay the truck in front of me is pretty
dope the g-wagen and I love it when they
take like these baller-ass cars and they
make it crazy off-road because it looks
stylistically really cool even though I
know he's probably never ever gonna use
these off-road tires but it still looks
crazy sick it looks crazy
urban military do you like cars like
that
I love cars like that I love sleeper
cars I like anything with an aggressive
elegant touch would you ever get a range
over like a classy one and then beef it
out like this but then never take it to
the desert probably thanks that sounds
like me cute yeah oh there he is driving
away
yeah that's pretty sick it's really sick
oh cool this is Joe's old car except
it's not melted we used to make fun
event called it the cookies-and-cream
because uh since his garage caught on
fire it'd be like all the ash would have
been engraved into the clear coat it's
so crazy how far we've come
yeah how's it goin isn't that crazy uh
if he has a white Jaguar now I know this
cookies-and-cream because it was all
like melted in the fire and he just kept
driving it and he kept getting all the
honey still yeah he's still got game
like six honeys there's no excuse but
this is my cousin he's going to podiatry
school
are you excited is that why you want to
be a podiatrist you have a foot fetish
no because I want to what a big arm like
that yeah I want to say for me and save
her life
oh he already has the model for his
clinic
I think cuz I know that's a lot of I
think hasn't flied out feet are sexy so
if you have sexy feet send him sexy foot
that shows what's the real reason I
won't be a foot and ankle surgeon and
that's the shortest way to put on
surgery they're gonna okay there's
actually another reason that he told me
that I thought was very sentimental and
it's so his dad had a foot was like a
ailment do you know what what it was
what happened to his foot polio so he
had polio was my local and I think that
helped inspired and drew a lot to want
to be able to be someone that could
provide treatment for that exact same
type of ailment so I think it's really
cool that andrew is bringing it full
circle and becoming a foot surgeon I'm
proud of you better reason know what I
was saying I made all of it up horny
freak you're horny Mexican freak that's
why so many people
tiny part of me my mom finally showed up
let's see what she's done ma-ma-ma-ma-ma
Sagittarius threw out a vegetarian
restaurant but the good thing is my bear
also really loves vegetarian food that's
a win-win situation
oh yeah killed in action
that's okay I ate means people died how
come you're wearing two exactly like a
cholo just got that cholo my mom again
trying to push that ginseng there she
goes his relentless ginseng show oh man
she's using the restaurant stuff Oh
little daddy always she never fails
Oh
it's good for the baby watch the baby
comes out with three eyes so it takes a
little more are you getting used to this
nut up good they're slowly becoming tiny
from the inside original gangster
I smell what you did there I saw that
table next to me eat this I got hella
curious I really like basil looks like
five chicken with basil or so chicken
poop for chicken popcorn GE yeah kinda
reminds me I like the Taiwanese dish so
that Oh what would I try that like basil
sometimes it has to be integrated into
the dish properly because if it's it's
kind of like you and cilantro pops out
so much yeah if it pops up too much it
kills the flavor for my chocolate ready
oh yeah
but let's not to basally this is
actually on my favorite dishes
it's the lettuce hand wraps and I
actually like this one better than the
one with me but it's like cleaner
tasting and then they use a little fried
wontons it's so crunchy watch check this
out my mom wants to celebrate purse
everyone has a drink my mom as well
that's funny that's my best favorite
dish one bill is happy and then the dish
next to it it's steak it's posted I
didn't I recommend it they called it a
sizzling steak on a plate so earlier I
sent my momma text because I recently go
for broke we just donated a bunch of our
leftover stock cuz we are giving away
the company but we gave up we gave a
bunch of leftover extra smalls to this
youth organization which the bunch of
kids and the Chinese newspaper was there
so my mom can read Chinese my one
in Chinese so this is just a male yeah
well what's down down sir I said yeah so
my mom's not very I guess Internet
literacy she just saw the URL she didn't
know what to do so she wants me to send
it to her buddy but this is pretty much
like a Chinese newspaper articles I meet
Joe David giving away call for broke
clothes to a youth foundation throughout
the podium talking and then we just took
pictures with a bunch of like like
politicians council men stuff like that
I had a pretty chill day with Ma bridge
so far after we ate with my mom we just
got on the couch and is relaxed and
watched a movie and watching moonlight
it's really really good and I took a nap
and I feel good so now I have to finally
attack this garage because all this baby
stuff keeps coming in fan mail stuff
keeps coming in so I really want to just
get all this taken care of all this gun
stuff taken care of my safes coming soon
oh yeah I built this shelf the other day
so what I'm gonna try to do is put the
gun safe right here and I could store
more stuff up there probably baby things
doesn't be pretty funny coming up good
stuff there's more gun stuff in there
combine that with the baby stuff put up
here if I could get rid of some of those
boxes and I'm gonna try to organize this
place as much as I can probably a little
bit someday and a little bit tomorrow
because the baby's coming soon so I
don't want to have to still be working
on things on the baby come I just want
as soon as the baby comes
everything that's ready boom I could be
a daddy this is the progress that I've
made so far I was able to clear
everything I was on the ground here and
that box that was there well after all I
did was I just moved it up there but all
those boxes up there were cleared a lot
of the boxes that were also cleared and
then I realized I have a ton of stuff
that's just a little lot of knickknacks
I started in one of the animal can the
empty one of those but I realized I
really do need my safe because once the
safe comes in then I can put all my
valuables in there and then see what how
it's pears like I like to keep my
magazines with that specific gun so once
I have all that in place and I'll see
how much other space I have to store
paperwork or parts and then I can remove
even more stuff on the shelf so I can
put the stuff that's on the floor back
on the shelf so it's a lot of just
organizing right now my row is keeping
me company which is very very CUNY and
these dogs were playing with these
little yarn toys and now I just tore it
apart but that's what it look like
before and I always like me looks back
with so CUNY
so no Fat Boy gargoyle meatloaf meatloaf
the little gargoyle laid down your old
Carswell I'll just get all the time
hey they're all looking up this way
she's the only one looking up behind you
like where's that what's gonna come up
next dinnertime so lunch time we have to
stick with the Chinese roots then a time
we're gonna bounce back to jail and we
got some may canned food would you get
potato monkey I love how they thought
like all these people were gonna eat
with us shit enough food but it's
literally just this yep but I got some
nachos and some soap in show me show me
the money
oh oh yeah ha and then your bills oh
yeah you know what's awesome vodka and
taco so this is my cheat meal I'm done
cheating after tomorrow but with with
King Taco something about their salsa
always gives me diarrhea so in my mind
psychologically all this bad food is
just gonna go in and out real quick and
I feel like my body's not gonna accept
it but you're a you're a funny guy meat
loaf always loves being stuffed in this
smallest places
that sounds bomb I had an awesome day
with my birthday I just woke up from
knocking out or watching Breaking Bad
laying on the couch having a nice
relaxing day and I just passed out and I
haven't really passed out on the couch
since uh like my college days so I felt
really good to just kind of be in an
area and then just all of a sudden relax
and those are nice change of pace
because I'm usually always like on the
go and then and everything is all
structured so like I never just not got
some marks usually it's time low sleep
did I sleep in the bed time to do this
did I do that how to do that and then so
today I was able to just relax watch TV
and is passed on I felt good temperature
makes me sick but now it is 12:30 oh
shit way past my bedtime
so thirty so it's time for me to go
asleep see you guys tomorrow
had an awesome day good night
