good morning pretty good morning baby
funny fun see you later okay thank you
for staying on my side
whoo that fun
good morning fun fun
come here good morning fun they want to
see your face everyone thinks you're so
cute and I agree you're super cute so
good morning guys I am at the office now
and I'm so about the office know when
it's here it's early in the morning and
I wanted to get a little chilly start to
my day so who's that oh it's pretty
drinking water excuse me
so I ordered a breakfast burrito it's a
fucking bomb look at that it's got ham
bacon hash brown egg rice no rice no I
like beans I think and then this like
green guac sauce I think that is so Ivan
had a breakfast burrito so long so I was
craving one got it mmm and then I saw
Bart's mom yesterday as you guys saw in
the vlog and she brought over some
cookies that I'm gonna share with
everyone later and then there's like
some more cookies and stuff right here
got me like dried raspberry and they
smell so bombs so I can't wait to eat
these and yeah it is just gonna be a
regular workday for me I don't know
nothing too crazy I feel like it's not
gonna happen what do you think breaks
anything crazy gonna happen
Briggs poop this morning so did faun and
meatloaf I guess they poop every morning
right but I took them to the dog park
our little dog relief said I shouldn't
even call it a park it's a relief
at in our complex mmm and they all paid
him food and it was awesome because
usually what happens is we we tell them
to pee at em poo at home but I think
they go back then they just fuck around
and then when we bring them to the
office as we're walking them to the
office you start peeing in the halls
it's all outdoors so luckily that's cool
but they start like booing and peeing
out door I'm like what the fuck you
fucking animals even though I know
they're animals but stop behaving like
one damnit
so today was a good day they didn't poo
or pee out in public
outside of that doggy Relief Center so
what do you smell dude what are you
smelling where are you going what are
you looking for uh water okay cool
all right so I came downstairs two dogs
and Papa Bear are missing so that only
leaves me to think one thing but they're
not inside the house I'm just kidding
umm that they're outdoors getting walked
because since today is Thursday the dogs
have to stay inside or at least they
can't come with us mm-hmm but grandma
always comes and she keeps them company
she lets them play outside and whatnot
but for now I was right look at this
this guy these cuny dogs
are they for sale they're not for sale
if you had to sell one which one would
it be
you promise cuz you really love them
yeah this cutie
I would sell which and what I sell I
don't know that's a hard one
alright meatloaf we had a good time now
I wouldn't tell any of them okay all
right so just putting myself away so I
can start my day and just wanted to
share with you guys oh my cute shit
because you know organization is key
this is what I lead like all my like
like pencils my charger but I just like
being organized dudes like I think
organization is key in life and I've
been getting a lot of comments about my
backpack it is full leather that's not
real leather so if you like it I highly
suggest you pop it I don't know how much
longer I'll be on the website but um you
can get it at Urban Outfitters so if you
really really like it it's only $40 it's
not sponsoring anything I just get a lot
of comments about it so go cop it Urban
Outfitters $40 thick leather so happy in
the hot and I know I'm talking like this
but I gotta see if I make up with me
because I feel like I always have
impromptu shoots and I can't be looking
like a debt on camera like right now I
probably look decent but this is like a
life blog but for actual camera
and picture like I look like I haven't
seen the Sun in days and I haven't slept
in days
the funny part is always one and I
haven't gotten this much lately because
I feel like people see me pregnant so
they just assume that I should be
looking like shit but when I wasn't
pregnant and I didn't wear makeup people
are like whoa
you okay are you sick I'm like no I feel
perfectly fine I'm great
what like whoa you're finished just
looks so different and I think they mean
to say your face looks like shit cuz
you're not wearing any makeup and makeup
usually enhances any part of beauty that
might be on your case and since you're
not wearing that you look like that so
anyway you finish packing continue on
with money oh shit
damnit meatloaf well at least you didn't
do it in the center
well now we're going home and I will not
make this a third failed attempt to vlog
it isn't the hit time now when I first
talked to you guys it was the morning
but we had a lot of meetings and Oh Dan
he's fast
you picked that up quick yeah that was
like ten seconds but yeah so now my
Friday has officially started had all my
meetings today the Sun is still out
which is awesome definitely enjoy that
this boy is still out not out which is
awesome but not awesome because I think
he's running out of room in there he
keeps kicking me like crazy and it's so
painful because I I can feel how tight
he is in there and like every time he
stretches and doesn't thing I just feel
everything like he's just tosses and
turns and I feel like we both feel the
exact same way cuz now because my
tummy's so big I can't sleep comfortably
so I'm tossing and turning and it's cute
because I could feel him doing the same
thing because he's probably
uncomfortable too which is so cute um bo
was my point of bringing all this stuff
up for that oh yeah cuz he's not out
keep it but anyway I'm gonna grab some
dinner and then try to relax a little
bit
look at these freakin weasels whoa he's
gonna fall back bear mastered the
technique of picking her up just by her
collar and she fucking loves it I guess
I think she loves it I don't know but
listen uh oh I can't remember the last
time I've seen an ice cream truck I
don't even know if this qualifies as an
ice cream truck that looks more like a
graffiti truck but it says stop for
children watch which and then it has
pop-pop side on it and then on this and
you can see the little tip where you
order your food I mean your ice cream
wait up I could barely see you is it
adjusted to 1/8 uh what is it just 1/8 I
don't know what they're talking about
when a makes the camera see way better
in low light I don't know what you're
saying but yeah you look better now no I
think as a kid I'm so stupid
ah that I don't care what the vehicle is
if he's playing music and there's fuckin
Tasmanian devil on the cart I'm getting
I'm gonna fucking look for ice cream
even if the guy that's serving the ice
cream is big thing you know
I don't think I'm paying attention to
that as a kid I just beg
it was peepees hanging out can I have a
lollipop Wow I was pretty dumb I was
really naive as a kid now I might even
say naive I think I was just dumb that's
true I think if I was a kid
there's a fucking Tasmanian devil what
I've been what my favorite ice-cream has
the kid is love but then you're Turtles
yes with the eyeballs come and you just
eat it would you eat that first or last
last damn you had patience what's
because if you eat it first then when
you eat the ice cream it's so cold to
make the gun rock-hard yeah I know that
but I still couldn't stop myself
it happened every single time I had the
hardest fucking up so what I would do
then I learned so what I would do is um
I would then chew the gum right away
yeah and then once I chewed the gum I
got that satisfaction satisfaction out
so I would put the gum on the wrapper
and then I would eat the ice cream and
then I'd go back some gum come on I said
but I had difficult patients as a kid I
was a horrible kid that's crazy
I know all right we're gonna we're gonna
eat some dinner now and then hope it's
not packed because I see people I know
hanging out outside they're right there
this is a local spot it should never be
packed yeah but I should never beat this
girl are they making this much money god
dammit
why are you so successful yeah hopefully
we can get we can get seated in a timely
manner
oh look it's a bunch of your family
members all right we wouldn't want to
catch that on film
all right maybe look it's all your
people
all these fucking cars here that are all
parking illegally parking oh oh oh god
watch out buddy found a spot Texas right
here what no what's the Texas dream
where you go like this and you just
straight get on the curb well what are
you doing the Texas Ranger right here is
that already yeah I think so things are
ready like it's hitting you're scary
then I'm gonna do the freakin Arkansas
Ranger bit we just drive forward into
the spot like this yeah this is perfect
see sometimes you got to be from
Arkansas City Texas yeah good thing you
from both yeah all right so I didn't get
much vlogging in the restaurant just
because it was loud as shit and I'm
using my new camera which doesn't have a
mic as you can see so the audio was
gonna be horrible in there but had a
nice dinner um you're back home hold on
what are you doing and look at this guy
what do you what are we gonna do next
we're gonna get in the hot tub oh shit
have we logged about the hot tub yet I
can we've logged it when we got it and
then the other day it was kind of dark
another count was a bit oh well then
this camera really good in that
also shown that changing life yep come
on guy just go outside you guys can't
get in the hot tub meet love click you
rolled down the stairs Clutton all right
look at this
Oh snaps we about to make another baby
double baby this is so awesome can you
explain the temperature cuz they know
I'm gonna get comments about pools and
shit so I did research and the most the
most ideal temperature for relaxation in
the hot tub is from 100 degrees to 104
for a pregnant lady the best is between
100 and 102 and that's by their
discretion so when our pregnant lady
gets in here as soon as they get hot
they need to get out or before they
break a sweat they need to get out
otherwise it's perfectly fine because
the pregnant lady's body temperature is
already 98 degrees so being 98 99 and
100 is not much moreover it's just the
same temperature so it doesn't do
anything bad so it's super healthy for
me and what's really cute is when we get
in the hot tub meatloaf it seems like it
feels like he wants to come in and be
with us because from the hot tub you
just see his little head poking in like
what it is doing can it come and take it
oh come inside so we just let them come
out here and just run around dude this
camera is really good in low low low
yeah I could see all of this stuff I try
to vlog the other day but this camera in
the light II can't
with your camera right this cameras
better than real life actually it is you
don't really let you look darker in real
life than you do in this in the frame I
get it no all right well we can't show
it too much because we we go in here
naked till done oh yeah let me see let
me try to go I was able to cover
everything I'm covering it well yeah
you're covering it right yeah here's
nigga bottom okay
I'm about to get into so catch you in a
little bit all right just got out of the
jacuzzi and just a shower and I've a
greased up monkey now I've all this oil
on my body to avoid any stretch marks
and so far it's been working
oh my god I almost broke the bed so far
it's been working because I don't have
any yet
and I say yet cuz who knows I got a few
more weeks left so we'll see what you
about to do put my watch away hey put
that watch away I'm gonna watch you put
that watch away I'm watching you got too
much energy someone that's trying to go
to sleep
sit in a park waiting for me you're
gonna take it away
awesome chin now what are you doing but
not the other one you got only one to
watch you hocked it over these watches
are fucking sick this is a roll action
as a pen right and automatic meaning
they don't have a battery you don't have
to put a battery in and then why is it
self but if you don't wear it then it
will go away so you know watch wearing
it for the days you don't wear it so it
keeps them moving so it keeps it nice in
Wow knit and a patter I and Rolex are
pretty expensive brands if you didn't
know not to brag but it's just hilarious
to me how ghetto Bart is because even
though he's got maybe like 20 grand just
just rotating here he's got it right
next to his fucking sink full of water
marks look at all that shit next to his
toothbrush
he is ghetto as fuck he his fucking get
up what do you think Brady is your daddy
boughetto how come you put your ears for
the back like you got in trouble
you did get in trouble that's so cute
okay fine Oh backup will be about to do
now I'm also watching this new series
that's on barbell brigade right now
what's the cult it's pretty secret but
hey he's about to catch up but I also
just see full uncut void Mayweather's
medias I kind of want to click that now
huh should i watch the new thing why
should i watch this song cuz i thought
the best we've ever wound upon well
we're gonna spend time together
oh yeah I thought you still have to go
like powder your vagina's and then do
those girls stuff nobody did all that
that's I'm a grease monkey right now you
are if we can smell like awesome dude I
kit this is literally my view every day
like I can't see my feet oh I only see
it in the oh I could see it now but
that's literally all ice
here that's it is huge
excuse me that thing is your son you
don't call it that thing you know this
to me my son is beautiful that thing why
do you wait you gotta be so mean now how
can we make it fun of me well why is it
every time I turn the camera when the
cameras on you're so CUNY I am freakin
making fun of me on the cameras off no
uh you always like mop oh you look so
beautiful
bullshit you just said that thing it's
so big bullshit we see this thing let me
see it beautiful so this is a unique
one-of-a-kind outdoor you how D you
drive an Audi Wow he was praising oh so
nasty good whoa the gravy I mean it's
crazy
gravity busy makes sense yeah okay okay
baby
for someone that's tired you sure do got
a lot of movement in gravity look it's
freaking you're so dumb isn't it dumb
biggie biggie I think we spend too much
time together go get me a water
no that's Brandi good you know that's
the spit portion no one wants this one
then fucking spit poison which one you
want my water that's downstairs mama's
you were just fucking gravity gravity
whoa yeah cilantro it's in my black bag
by the stairs it's even by the stairs
look at that but but
thank you Wow are you serious are you
serious
it's right there my bag right there it's
the pink little flask
yes no made water in the black bag I
said thank you you're the best no wait
that's what I said in the first place
all of a sudden a black bag what does
that mean what can't happen in the white
bag I don't have a white bag well bag
give it to me you're so dumb
all right let's watch some TV alright so
it is midnight now and we tried to watch
a movie but we both fell asleep we are
so old but guys that means it's the end
of my day and I want to show you guys
some love and appreciation for spending
the day with me even though I attempted
so many times to complete this vlog but
I did it we did it so thank you guys so
much for watching have a beautiful
morning afternoon and night see you guys
tomorrow
