alright this is our life now they're not
out yet but we just visited our doctor
yesterday and they said the baby can be
due at any second so we need to have our
go back which is like my clothes towel
that's mine this is for her we have to
be ready to stay out of hospital for
like three to five days at any given
point and we have to have a carrier
because if the baby comes out the baby
needs our care to come home it so I have
to bring all the stuff and we're filming
JK party today
I know actually not Giggy party the
second our life is fucking nuts yeah so
I wish I had eight hands but I don't and
I only have two
I gotta make do with what I have good
thing I lift this is the CUNY part or
the Kinney part yeah I already know what
the part is I haven't even QT in there
you know watch the CUNY part is this
part I'm gonna put that weekend baby
thing in there huh
create jerk no just kidding are you
ready little weasel yep
is it like this clicks in check yep
there we go that's the CUNY part in the
fucking best fucking bad car ever look
at this child oh you can't see it so
most of the cast is in the green room
which is kind of like the waiting room
before we shoot and for today we really
don't know what's going on at all we
just know that they're probably gonna
set us up with something that's gonna
trigger us do you have any idea what
they're gonna do to you David I don't
know they asked me to be in casual
clothes so I probably had the worst
governor as opposed to me just being a
t-shirt flip-flops of socks so it's
gonna be something slimy wet disgusting
and if they bring in slugs I'm just
gonna tap out
slugs yeah you don't like slugs slugs or
snails which one's worse that's
literally the trigger then I can't I
can't do it I'll fucking throw up right
on the spot oh I wouldn't throw up I
thought you ate slugs or something
that's different
what because the texture is different
it's different it doesn't look like what
it is I can't do I can't do snails and
slugs you're a weird long pants and a
long sleeve shirt I feel like they're
gonna put more clothes on me
I'm not can't and it turn the a/c off or
something oh I know what you mean those
pictures sometimes I'll try to be a
little bit only a little bit it bothers
me a lot like I can look at the the head
of a Lotus thing oh I can't do that but
some of the other ones are crazy-looking
do they peep there's pictures online
where they through the head of the Lotus
yeah and they put it like on a fingertip
oh yeah yeah
it does feel weird though that it makes
it doesn't make you feel right I don't
know why man like I've been
that was one of those things that I
tried to get there yeah cuz it doesn't
make sense yeah I think it's dumb but I
can't do it just got worse pickles
yeah just can't control it yes I smell
me you can't go to I don't know why but
I've been a little eyx tear the picture
like it it's just nothing it's no I
think I made it worse I can't do it now
I just finished taking a shit so I'm
running a little bit late and I'm the
last one on set but I still have to vlog
so I could show you guys what's going on
everyone's probably waiting for me or
any sorry I was taking it down gentlemen
that's Bart where am I supposed to sit
okay or one look so ready alright so I'm
sitting here test one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten awesome
especially during this open I need you
know from different angles just so I
have lots of I mean obviously have edit
points from the crew as well but just
make sure I have different angle at
least two angles on her so that I've got
you know because she's gonna do you know
this is the light deaath piece she'll do
just to improve the game and I'll want
to cut it down what's underneath this
thing right here why is it all covering
hey hey just just deal with every week
every week every day don't you oh she
blocks it out of her mind
yeah all right skiing serious gotta turn
this shit off now about to shoot we just
finished the first challenge and it was
Julius and they definitely brought the
heat they brought the way like TV is
able to escalate and planning even with
a very limited budget there was
something I was not expecting because
for JK party I think when we escalate
each beat it goes up a little bit a
little bit a little bit but then they
went from I'm not gonna tell you what
actually happens but it went from like
what I'm used to doing on JK party - BAM
so that was really cool I think we got
some really good genuine reactions and I
think that's the main point we want to
get these genuine reactions so that we
don't so it seems very very real and
authentic so we don't ever want to come
off like you know super awesome I do
I've had a gun pointed at me at my own
house before and my house - shut up and
this was ten times worse than that
experience at the age of 18 oh my god
I'm proud of you David
David I'm very proud of you know not to
give anything away when it felt like
whatever was on me was digging through
my skin oh really
I'm proud of me David we got a random
surprise visit from my mom
actually she was part of the pilot
presentation and like always she always
has to bring some weird thing for me to
eat this time it's ginseng and water so
I gotta eat it Ross my mom won't leave
only only ginseng your water
yeah it's a powder it's very very energy
the more horrid power of powder yeah
power
she's saying power right power right
yeah power I understand it better than
you do I'm gonna eat it to make your
party huh no what's good at JK party is
because he could take all this food act
like we never see some Gio I she said I
don't think you're supposed to eat that
part it just tastes weird on this is
$500 15,000 per car what a waste of
money
oh my god this is actually kind of sweet
yeah but then it gets bitter out yeah no
you have to
honey I never knew Jesse tasted like
that though it was kind of sweet cuz no
one there's like five people there's
like five people's backlash on there he
just dumped it on there you go Mike so
you did not visit your f yes fresh thank
you so much Lisa morning yeah the e1
which answers the 15th yeah yeah
$15,000 that's a card he's calm yeah
that's the price of a car cousin yeah
but the car doesn't buy the life with no
energy you were you're gonna die and
health comes first yep welcome today
right now it's August almost April April
I eat almost three months i expanded ten
solid then not I can talk all right
thing that we know who's next
you just missed out
we just wrapped and I'm sorry that I
can't show you guys a lot of the stuff
we shot because we have to save it for
TV but it's really exciting and we
definitely bumped everything up a notch
and it was really really fun and that
guy like that and then he killed it he
did a great job planning everything
directing it so now it's time for us to
go home
I'm Matt Dean safes in Culver City and
it's time for me to finally get us safe
because the garage is cleared out and I
know exact the exact space for it so I'm
kind of set or I'm stuck actually
between two but one is Fort Knox which I
hear is like one of the best companies
you can get the other one is this
Liberty safe and I really just like the
size it's not too tall so I could still
add shelving on top of my garage and
it's the perfect width because I rather
go with width and height and but there
is a difference look at this guy so this
is how thick this one is and look how
easy I can move this when you go to a
Fort Knox and this isn't even like their
top of the line look how thick this is
now and you can barely move it it's
literally like a slab of granite and
everything is just way thicker and this
one's smaller technically but it's way
heavier to it the 1100 pounds this guy
is fatter even the names of Fat Boy and
this one is a 900 pounds so kind of
stuck between these two I do like how
spacious this one is and if I do get
this one if I want the bigger size it
immediately jumps at this size and I do
lose a lot more storage in the garage so
I think I'm leaning a little bit more
towards this but I do have a cop buddy
that's gonna come he's gonna help me
decide because he knows what my garage
looks like he knows what my gun
collection what that entails so maybe he
can help me
better decide what I want and there's a
much bigger price difference but it's it
it's what's the word it's what's the
word it's there's a bigger price
difference but it's justified because
this thing is freakin bulletproof so
I've made up my mind I'm gonna go with
the Fort Knox one I just figured that if
I'm gonna be putting my valuables and
guns and all kinds of priceless precious
things in here I might as well go with
the best and this guy is 1,100 pounds no
one's moving this look how big this
thing is
it's just rock solid and it's this
thing's gonna be impenetrable so I'm
gonna go with this one I do like this
one still a lot but I think just
comparing the thickness if I'm gonna be
putting my passports guns jewelry gold
or anything this thing is it's
rock-solid and I almost feel like just
by name though alone because people know
it's the best if people are trying to
break into my house and they see it
they're like they might think twice so
I'm gonna go with that
you know what's cutest shit I just got
home and we all know that meatloaf loves
bringing our shoes to the bed when he
misses us but today is the first time we
ever saw double shoes yeah both of them
were my shoes did you miss me that much
where'd you go home did you miss me
okay I guess what he showed me that he
missed me but you ran away meatloaf did
you miss me all right ed so uh Margaret
just told me that meatloaf went outside
Oh
you're outside to pee okay well I
believe that they did miss me we hadn't
welcome we will welcome right now is a
very exciting moment for the both of us
meaning me ma bear because we will be
using the hot tub for the very first
time unfortunately
because it is our own home we will not
be wearing any swimwear so we will be
skinny-dipping so we cannot share this
moment with you but rest assured yeah go
to pornhub and also rest assured that we
will not be trying to make another baby
because there is one on the way and it's
about to pop out so nothing to worry
about
mama is over there trying to find some
good tunes and it's hella dark and we're
gonna have a good time and we're gonna
relax with rest of night see you guys
tomorrow bye
