so today I went to the post office and
yes can I help you with something
can you guys just not attack you guys
just like chill up please don't need to
step outside thank you very much but I
was saying I went to the post office and
I was able to pick up a lot of your
guys's packages and this is so fucking
cool
all of this was from you guys hold it
hold it it's blown out like a
motherfucker yeah this is all from you
guys excuse you can you not can you oh
good boy you're so handsome
I said you're handsome not that you
could get out go back inside go back
inside
back it up you make me nervous you
little dog killer but yeah so I'm gonna
open these up and see what you guys gave
me and give you guys the best to shout
out ever cuz I always appreciate this
stuff and I think it's the coolest shit
ever like you guys really I think you
guys are the fucking coolest ever
alright umm can you move please dude
move whoa back it up thank you
alright time to open them up alright
here we go
this one's head
Jaclyn Mitchell and she's already saying
please baby I'm gonna change it to this
right now
look Jacqueline it fits Thanks I'm
wearing it I love it actually it's a
really soft super comfy and it fits my
big-ass belly
look at this belly that was really
thoughtful oh my god I'm just like damn
it I should have checked my mail sooner
and then I could have been a rock in
this way later but there's still time no
baby yet um soon but not yet so I'm
gonna rock this you're gonna see me rock
this thank you okay so next gift is from
I don't know ID girl direct or nest
package I don't know if it's even a gift
let's check it out what is this what is
this what is this Oh from you or for you
I obviously can't read a gift for you
and it says hey Barbie I've been
watching you guys since you started
vlogging and hope to see baby pea soon I
hope you and the baby like the gif I
said
you guys but who is it from is there a
name I love these things but I also
don't love them because there's never a
name what is it what is it ah no name
come on I want a name okay well if you
sent this to me and you're watching this
right now thank you so much I appreciate
it like crazy but there's no name here
we go and all these baby gifts by the
way this is so cute my baby is so loved
by you guys what is this what is this oh
my god if it is what I think it is I
have to find who you are cuz I love you
so I'm not sure what it is but if I
think I know what it is I'm gonna flip
my shit I'm gonna flip my shit look at
this baby so cute
oh my god this is so cute thank you so
much I cannot wait to put our baby in
this freaking romper and have you guys
just fawn all over him get it fun get it
fun get it one fine honest is so cute
thank you so much if you sent this to me
let me know I want to thank you this is
so fucking cute thank you thank you
alright sorry for the weird angles I
think this is the best way that I could
show you guys everything but next gift
is from Alina know in and I don't want
to give you that hers address but yes
she's from Hawaii and this is for bar
ngo she says Oh
look at this Aloha from Hawaii I'm a
huge fan of JK thumbs and watch you guys
everyday you inspired me to be true to
myself oh that's very nice without a
care of what people think of me well in
this box there are things from Japan and
Hawaii the Winnie the Pooh and baby
books are for you Bart NGO hope you like
them the snacks are for the JK crew to
enjoy keep being you guys and when you
guys are going to reveal the gender oh
my god that's called hyung it's a bit
Wow alina thank you so much for being a
fan and as you know we're having a baby
boy these are actually some of my
favorite snacks
it's like me but it's like a sugar drop
and then there's like a plum in the
middle so the sugar or the honey on the
outside is obviously sweet but then the
plum and the inside is salty so for all
my Mexicans and I don't know what other
blind countries eat this but salad Ito's
that's what it is it's fun Vanessa I
love these
I'm sure that JK cruising the road look
at these bells I mean boo hooks
there's noodles for baby I'm gonna read
this for sure
slippery fish in Hawaii I'm gonna read
them this for sure um rock-a-bye baby
I'm gonna read this for sure oh this is
so cool my god Hawaiian ocean lullaby I
fuckin love Hawaii so the fact that you
got my baby this I love you so much
aleena I love you this is cool this is
so cool oh it's a little tap thank you
so much this is so cute I love all the
bill stuff like this child is talking
gonna grow up either loving bears like
crazy or hating them like crazy so let's
hope it's the latter wait the first one
not the latter
bananas what is this mini nori market no
that's Mel Maki I can't read it
this is mix Auraria thank you this is so
cool oh there's another one in there
what is this business Winnie the Pooh
what is it oh it's a gummy candy ah
thank you so much this is awesome you
guys you guys are spoiling my baby like
crazy and I'm not mad I'm not mad at all
this is fucking cool
alright so I got another package and
this one is from on ie Ortiz from
Oceanside hey neighbor
not really a neighbor but I mean here in
California uh and it's for port and Gio
oh look at this baby cap oh it's so cute
holy shit
this baby's got you got got some
wardrobe we got some more drug ladies
and gentlemen oh my goodness hug me hug
me with the freaking cute bear oh my god
oh you can't go wrong with stripes and
look at the pants look at the butt but
look at the but but it's so cute
oh I missed it it's on this side I'm
solely wild about mommy oh ho I can't
believe I'm gonna have a baby this is so
cool oh my god are you fucking kidding
me how cute is this look at this what is
in here there's a note from you I love
it this outfit reminds me of one of
Bart's outfit he owns they can be twins
this is so freaking cute and you're
right he has Bart has the same kind of
shorts with elastic on the band because
he's fat well not anymore but this girl
you killed it with this this is adorable
I love it
what else what else oh these are the
little mittens because they can't
control their um their hands oh there's
another note I love these notes so he
doesn't have cuts or scratches on his
precious face that's exactly why you put
it on because they can't control their
limbs yet so they'll scratch and stuff
and then they end up scratching their
own face it's always good to put meat on
them look at you you're gonna be a great
parent the fact that you're thinking
about child proofing and all that it's
awesome so then you say for the house to
be baby proof to not have accidents like
how it happened to my younger brother
like 25 years ago when I was 5 years old
my three my three brothers stick his
finger in the outlet and got shocked
from the electricity children are
curious yep I agree so thank you you're
so thoughtful this is fucking awesome
and I swear to you I'm gonna use all of
this stuff because you're thinking on
the right track and then there's a note
I love it I love it so much thank you
look at the back look at this sticker
man will read this in private but let it
received I love you so much I love the
presents you guys really didn't have to
but I appreciate you so much and
everyone else has been sending stuff
this is so damn cool like mind-blowing
so cool it's so cool thank you alright
so next package it's from Alesha
Mitchell oh my god I'm so sorry for not
pronouncing it right but again from
National City
you just gave you gave me multiple
things what are you doing that being so
nice this is so kind of you umm you're
giving me a mom's Journal this is from
Jaclyn and olesya and it's really cool
because it's a daily journal just for
moms and I'm sure I'm gonna need this
and I'm pretty old-school actually a lot
of people write a lot of their notes and
stuff on their laptop or on their phone
but I'm old-school I like to write
everything down because I get some sort
of satisfaction of one writing and
- just crossing things off and just
keeping a journal of everything so the
fact that you sent me this is literally
mean like it's so me so thank you so
much for the mom journal um crazy I'm
gonna be a freaking mom dude I don't mom
that's nuts
that's fuckin no it's hi meatloaf hi boy
alright so I have already opened up this
box sorry I'm like out of frame and it's
from luck see beauty luck see beauty
calm I can use as much beauty as
possible right now cuz I'm just not
trying to be all beautified so the fact
that you sent me beauty products is
really cool let me check it out whoo
look at this packaging whoa
the hell is this professional brush
collection how freaking cool whoa this
is awesome what is this so pretty look
at these brushes
thank you oh this is cool thanks Lexi
this is awesome dude your products look
really cool look at that super cool
mechanic duffel bag that's even cooler
uh what else what else what else is this
the Wonder Woman you guys how many of
you guys have been calling me Gil good
though
I don't know if that's how you say her
name sorry if it's not but this is so
cool
look at this it's so fitting Thank You
Lexi this is sick what no what Oh see I
just make a bunch of brushes look at
this one basic eyes look at this is so
pretty I love the colors look at the
packaging - this is so freakin cool I
love it I love it I love it
why does school thing set I don't even
know how to school look at that
thank you guys the luck see beauty okay
and here locally from San Jose oh man
this is so freaking cool and pink is my
jam I've been like in this really crazy
pink phase worth everything's like pink
but look at my nails for crying out loud
thank you luck see this is so cool thank
you so much thank you look at this bag
oh thank you guys thank you alright next
package is from Hannah I don't know
where this is from though Thank You
Hannah I don't know what this is but I
already opened it or open up the
packaging let me see what's in here this
is a special type of blanket you can
have it with you when you're on a beach
picnic or just hugging or just have it
ready in your backpack when you want to
sit lay down somewhere on the side note
the blanket is semi water-resistant oh
that's really cool very helpful and the
other side is fluffy and soft as it can
be me accompany you on many trips see
him
you guys are so thoughtful this is so
damn cool let's see let's see let's see
this is cool
alright I don't want to lie but I
thought it said vagina but it says big
no I am such a pervert I'm sorry
look at this it is really fluffy you
want kidding
holy crap this is girl you know me so
well I'm all about like it's all that
ever since I got pregnant I've been
getting hot a lot this is so cool
um oh this is cool it's literally made
for just my body
interesting this is cool I never have to
lay on the floor again or on dirty
floors thank you
um but yeah ever since I got pregnant
I've just been really really really hot
oh wait there's more
what's this smile this is so cute
thank you smile baby smile I love it
what's this this is a candle made in my
hometown of Boris Sweden may give you
many wonderful smells smelling mates oh
this smells great you guys it smells
like fucking kale flowers oh my goodness
you know I'm gonna put this on my oh
this is beautiful oh I wish you guys
could smell this look at how beautiful
this is straight from Sweden this is so
thoughtful my goodness girl you're
trying to take me on a date or something
your romantic you got the candles ready
you got the baby what's these there's
more pacifiers oh my god this these are
the cutest pacifiers I have ever seen
look at this look at this so fucking
cute extra airflow orthodontic
sterilizer and carry box
I love the carry box concept genius then
there's a special note from you there
are four gifts in here - for baby bear
and tooth - wedding gifts for Oh TIFF
encase oh my god I'm so sorry I
should have read this first um I would
give this to Tiffin case as a wedding
present I give you my word I promise I
should get in the habit of reading these
things because I don't read them until
after because I feel like every time
that I have read on people are like
don't read it on camera and I fuck up
and then when I don't read it I open
other people's present what's wrong with
me all right guys so that's it for the
presents I made a mess in my garage look
at that and I think I'm gonna have to
clean it up later but I want to say
thank you guys so much for all of that
stuff it's my boy how much love you guys
have for me and my baby who's not even
here yet this baby spoiled already you
guys you guys are spoiling this child
but thank you thank you thank you thank
you thank you from the bottom of my
heart you don't know how much that means
to me that you guys going out of your
way to pick a gift buy the gift with
your hard-earned money then put it in a
shipping box ship it out like it's so
much effort and I really appreciate and
I don't take any of that for granted
thing you guys so much I'm gonna get the
hell out of this garage because I'm
fucking sweating my ass off ready to go
me love come on boy let's go inside come
on you sis you could live in there not
the other ones that are going off is
away what are you licking that's nasty
did you just eat yourself out you and
you've liked it
bricky that's gross dude
all right well I just woke up from a nap
and holy shit this girl's so cute I'll
put that toy there for you
who did that I'm so cute
stop Bay is so cute who told you you
could be so cute
cutie pie well yeah just woke up from a
nap things I might take her bowl want to
take your bug have to take your bone
yeah I'm gonna take your bone yeah but
um I am gonna finally work in our home
office because I took a chair from our
dining table and it sure was the only
thing preventing me from working up
there cuz I haven't ordered one yet
because it just hasn't been on my
priorities list I've been trying to just
prep for this child and make sure that I
have everything ready for this boy to
arrive that's I didn't really pay
attention anything else so now that all
that's kind of squared away and now it's
just the waiting game
I ordered the chair it's coming in like
two weeks or something but I'm like fuck
it I'm just gonna work up there so took
a dining chair have it upstairs and uh
yeah I'm gonna do some work up there
because um holy shit that scared me I
thought there was something up there but
the clothes was drying cuz it was a
little bit damp but yeah I'm gonna get
some work done probably gonna postmates
some food you'll post mates
I like order food from you like from
your restaurants hold a rug yeah I
ordered food from you guys like every
day dude like focuses they're up like
what the fuck like give me a discount or
a code or something what the hell but in
other news remember when we got our
carpet steamed and cleaned used to be
spots they're spots everywhere no more
spots but someone this morning decided
to throw up and that's it right there
we picked up the throw-up
but how to put some some like foaming
spray hopefully I can uh I don't have
that spot anymore
goddamn but only steps I went up that's
not even a lot right one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten
hi twelve stairs twelve steps and I'm so
fucking out of breath fuck okay
but yeah put some formula in there on
the carpet hopefully just sting comes
out how freaking cute is that me love me
the love homemade love mid love come
here meatloaf crazy he doesn't
understand his name in a Knutson but
here's a chair my little workstation I
got a desk my filing cabinet my printer
fax which is not hooked up to faxes who
faxes this way anyway paper shredder
extra paper trash bin nightstand pillows
comforter mirror window bed no I still
need a art there and I'll probably put a
TV or something there but yeah I'm gonna
work here right now it's so plain
looking but seriously all I need is a
desk that's all I really need because I
noticed when I work on the couch and I'm
Sachi and I'm in a very comfortable
position let me catch my breath
this child is taking up so much space
and my stomach you guys have no idea but
um yeah I notice I'm in a super
comfortable position then I start
slouching and I get tired and I do less
work but when I'm sitting upright I'm
forced to be more attentive and to pay
more and to obviously pay more attention
damn know but just to be more invested
in my work so I know I'm more productive
when I sit up in a metadesk
opposed to like sitting on my bed or
sitting on my couch and doing work so
and I know - I did say there's no TV
even though I like working with the TV
it's okay I feel like I gotta just not
do that anymore
but let's see how it goes but first I'm
ordering food all right so I'm gonna
postmates some stuff let me see if that
burgers pretty good man I freaking want
some caffeine oh I want some tea I can
drink caffeine I've just refrained from
it Jamba Juice oh I won't poke it dude I
want pocus so bad Oh soon soon Penn
Express not down just pull a knot down
tasty garden not down Roman I had that
yesterday that might be an option
rotisserie chicken looks pretty good
mmm hey what the hell post mates I'm
giving you free advertisement sponsor me
what the hell but literally literally
this is what I do every day I already
know most of these restaurants Zen
crafts maybe I never paid attention to
that dude I don't know what to eat Peavy
Tybee be cute Garden New Moon restaurant
Vaughn's what the what dude Dunkin
Donuts is out of Neil shakers
what the hell shakers what is this
breakfast lunch dinner what do they got
for dinner soup chili appetizer chicken
strips oh it's like literally American
food it's literally American food okay
don't want that oh this is pretty good
it's zoom Sal was popular beans and
cheese is the most popular what the fuck
maybe that's an taquitos Deepika makes
poor cheese no plate plant beans chicken
beans what the fuck is this empanadas
what kind of empanadas banana pie filled
with milk that sounds bomb but that
ain't no meal that fish here looks bomb
though I want that fish but didn't seem
like they had it God what do I want to
eat
did I fuck excuse me I'm yawning is so
good but they're so far away for me it
takes like an hour to prep in an hour to
deliver it's not not was it oh my god
what am I gonna eat I don't want vegan
what is this
Dickies I've never heard of that s bucks
the count uh
Lehman odd now I have hiccups what the
hell
now I'm yawning again what's this one
this one's closer wait Santa Anita isn't
that further out the ones Arcadia isn't
it the same thing flame broiler don't
want pizza Smitty's tender grains with
Smitty's appetizers iron skillet
cornbread oh shit crunchy ahi tuna what
is it though I think I'm gonna get this
let me check mmm fresh seafood
I don't know what any of this sand dabs
mm-hmm oh come on I think I'm just gonna
go with Italian oh god this is the
struggle dude this is the freakin
struggle what the fuck do I eat even
myself I can't make up my own mind God
dang it
god I'm such a loser oh my god what the
what am I gonna order all right I'm not
gonna waste any more of your time with
this bullshit
like this is literally my life like I'm
pathetic so I'm just gonna pick
something and I'll see how it goes and
I'll let you know obviously all right
guys
hello I swung the camera too far when I
um so I finally decided on a choice an
hour later my food has arrived and I
actually went with the American food so
I got CUNY little sliders what the hell
guys are sitting the same okay anyway JD
do you know so I got cutie little
sliders and then I got
oh shit that's a lot chicken fingers I
know they're going to be more sliders
less chicken fingers honestly I really
thought that and then god I'm such a fat
bitch lasted I get I don't remember what
I thought it'd be honest what the fuck
is this a burger I think I ordered that
on accident I did not mean to order that
at all well fuck I guess I thought it
eat I can't even eat this much food I
barely have any fucking boob in my
stomach I fucked up
oh and Bart can't eat it you guys want a
booger you want a burger huh you want a
burger all right well I gotta figure
this out
look get who finally decided to come
home do you know what time it is how
come you were working huh put on this
damn table on a roof over her head fine
that's true I had really good food it
looks a lot more unhealthy than this guy
like by four I mean the hardest time I
just want pizza fried chicken and what
kinds of I had a fried chicken breast
burger oh it wasn't that good though it
wasn't that good it was a lot of me I
promise it was such a waste
cuz they didn't even season it properly
yeah
I keep trying to follow you oh it's not
I'm finally eating dinner I'm sorry my
mom pot root beer in the fridge for you
oh look at how organized that is very
own but I don't have it
I wanted milk so I can eat cereal after
you ran out me to put it in here
what am I gonna eat for dessert later
ice cream fine let me tell you um the
the burger was so unseasoned it was kind
of yucky so I could just taste the
chicken and it was white white meat Oh
which it who is with me but chick-fil-a
is like a salt fest it's salty shit this
is one of the few meals
I mean this is a Thai basil flavor fine
let me put some soy sauce on it
but basil fine I don't know I'm not on
that meal plan stuff yet but I will be
are you ready though no are you trying
to wants to be yellow uh yeah I want to
get back to the old mean a step but I
know it's gonna take at least a month
for me to just kind of kick it and get
used to the schedule edges so my
buttcheeks melech are together right now
why does it it's so juicy yeah it kind
of like like this kind of like you're
disgusting how are you gonna have a
fucking child
oh you're still a child
you're so foul let's discuss a whole
that's disgusting that is disgusting you
crossed the line with the itchy fucking
booboo but all right let you eat then
you look fucking poor but he has a poo
poo butt and I've also never seen anyone
fold their toes like that before we
gonna keep your thumb toe out it's not
sure that's that story Oh
they're warning ya remember during the
the so I fractured this toe I think
three times now so once that UCLA was
doing backflips the other time I shoot
enough without shoes Uncle Sam
and then the workout anywhere yeah when
we shot that for a bottle brigade and I
slammed my foot in just so it's
fractured so I can't even bend it look
at this - okay you see this one yeah
boom okay look at this one you bent it
yeah but look at the Hat
oh you can't bend it like that I guess
this is me bending as much as I can
she thinks you're gonna give her food
see look you see that there's meat Benny
as much as I can
but what about that toe are coming out
what's that bending I don't know but
this one bends all right down so when I
like sit I have to go like this but this
one I could bend all the way down oh
damn I feel like an asshole for laughing
oh well that got awkward I'm sorry all
right I'm gonna cut now I mean I wish I
had normal toe like everyone else but I
just have a hospital that never healed
and I I'm sorry handicapped fine I'm
sorry you're handicapped for other
reasons not for the toe C handicap well
go show me how you scratch your butt see
look that's handicapped your toes my I'm
making you handicapped mm-hmm I just
don't understand these dogs they have
all that space more space to the right
more space to the left you have several
rooms to walk into all of downstairs is
vacant all of this is open see that
they decide to be right here she barely
has enough room and look at the big
fucking meatball he's wedged in there
meatball how come you like it so much
hey Mila how come you like that spot so
much you're gonna break everything you
know that break he's in the middle it's
like a sandwich
the Browns on the outside and then the
vanilla ice ice cream sandwich on the
inside in the middle you ready to go to
sleep guys guys are already sleeping you
smell that smell her they are ready to
go to sleep and so am i I did a lot of
work today got a lot of stuff done got
to open a bunch of your packages which
was super freakin rad like it's really
cool um I actually didn't even finish
opening all of them I got really tired
and my back got really sore I just had
to stop and I was just overheating but
I'm definitely looking forward to
opening more of your guys's presents
thank you so much again I appreciate
everything that you do I appreciate your
support
I appreciate your love thank you so much
and I am so frickin ecstatic to meet
this boy you have no idea like it's it
could happen any moment now guys any
fucking moment I can't believe it cannot
believe it you're coming out soon buddy
you're coming up alright I think I
better go because Bart is texting me I
think he misses me he's literally in the
other room next door but he texts me who
any misses me so I have to end the vlog
guys thanks so much for watching love
you guys so much see you guys tomorrow
