good morning oh shoot good morning come
on oh my god thank my god
and I have a monkey in a cage whoa these
monkeys behavior kids too but the monkey
in the cages take them alike ah the dual
king come on honey
he's looking at his little fox hi take
him alike uh how are you good yeah you
have a good time
yeah like good boy you like a little fox
he likes this piece of wood our analyses
entertaining himself with that and in
other news it's super cute
cuz Papua is doing his martial art class
today
remember with martial art is taken but
so the cuke is him and his friend now oh
they were sparring
never mind they're going inside whoa oh
you can't see anything
hold on oh yeah it's kind of creepy
we're gonna spy on them real quick it's
him Joe and the instructor look at them
like best friends
ah the both of their hair is fucked up
you see their bangs whoa I hear a
grizzly bear
what's happening over here Jesus holy
crap oh my god too many dogs somebody
does ok ok ok move I want to see my
monkey hey monkey did you just do this
with your nails right now or is that
just a coincidence I know you weren't
biting it cuz you ain't got no teeth you
ain't got no teeth that's so funny cuz
you ain't got no teeth alright ya tryin
to crawl
you big Q pi
all right so it's about as I say it's
about idiom and my mom's not gonna come
here till like 8:00 8:30 and then I got
a rush get ready for Jake and muse
and then they're still playing and then
there's actually a long long day
sometimes we split it to two different
recording sessions but today is not one
of those split days so we're gonna be
recording all day huh monkey boy and it
sucks they don't get to see my bear
because when I come home he's sleeping
no I hate these long days they don't get
to see my boy don't smile like I see
your mom don't smile don't see my or you
happiest baby in the world
this your friend I'd bring he I freaky
good girl good boy take up that was very
nice of you not to pull her whiskers out
all right so we just took a break from
shooting um Jake and use we're on lunch
break and of course you already know me
I'm gonna go home to see my boy
but I must head to the weirdest shit
when I got in this car so I'm leasing it
my BMW because I just used it for
business like I just use it to get to
work and come back um and that that's
just a whole nother like tax bracket
type of thing that I'm not even gonna
get into but because I put miles on it
and I barely drive it an hour all our
other cars are financed um I'm just
using my car like we when we drive
together we're only using my car because
I already bought the miles so I never
get to ride in Papa bear's car like I'm
never in this guy so I think this is the
first time I'm in this car since like
three months or something like that um I
could be exaggerating but it just feels
like it's been forever so as soon as I
got in to drive it and I turned on you
know I pressed the start button I was
like hi car I've missed you do you guys
do that like when you miss something
like an inanimate object and you like
you get reunited with it and you talk to
it I just
I'm pretty sure I'm just fucking but I
wish I could have a have you guys as my
passengers so you guys can like feel
what this car feels like you just
fucking it feels so fucking it feels
like muscle you know muscle is just
fucking tight and it's tough and it's
like dense and it's like heavy I sound
like a fucking meathead right now but
that's just the only thing I can think
of like it just feels bad ass I'm gonna
drive nine I'm gonna make sure I do it
safely but if I do that check on my
velvet pads my velvet pants my velvet
pants okay I'm gonna go now cuz time's
a-wastin I gotta see my baby
this is the part that always makes me so
anxious he's when I'm in my neighborhood
and I can see so welcome so much hey
know my friend don't worry I'm gonna see
there he is there he is
all right this is so cute so obviously I
can't talk to type oh look at all
comfortable he looks the grandmas always
take good care of him
so there's Bart's mom and then there's
my mom myself of course look get out
comfortable helix and Grandma parts mom
hey grandma who she bought him this
it's awesome enough to record this up
the move cuz audio is pretty loud but
listen so Tycho likes to sing along when
you seem to him and one thing that he
does to put himself to sleep is he just
sings or he makes noise so it's kind of
like cooing but it's not like okay it's
more like but his eyes will be closed
and I think that soothes him so it puts
him to sleep so here's evidence of him
doing next I don't remember if I've ever
recorded it because every time I'm
trying to put him to sleep I don't have
free hands cuz this feels heavy so I'm
holding him I don't think I've recorded
on this Bart's recorded it anyway moving
on check it out oh that's the wrong one
one more time those eyes are closed
these are the cutest boy ever I swear I
gotta send this to Moscow I gotta send
this myself this is really really cute
my mom says she wants to show me
something I don't know what she has to
show me what what is that him why are
you for what because I had mine yeah and
she had hers and we gave them a little
taste of yeah I feel like Bart's mom
makes up all these little traditions
yeah but they're cute so I'll go with it
yeah come on eat
he's sleeping he's sleeping you have to
eat well dammit that was a little bit
anticlimactic oh well I just hope he was
able to feel my presence or just hear my
voice and his heart got a little bit
happy like yeah so I hope he was able to
hear and feel me and just feel like
better and he's having amazing dreams
cuz he felt my presence I don't know
that's somebody tell myself so yeah
there's no point in me staying here cuz
he's just sleeping I mean I could stay
and talk to my mom but my mom and Bart's
mom are there and I know that they like
to bond and they have their moments so
I'll let them have their moment I'll go
back and I'll bond with my friends cuz
my friends are important to you and
we're not filming so I can connect with
them now so I'll go back and chitchat
and shoot this shit a little bit with
them alright it's all back and then this
is how we chill over here there's stupid
David and now Steve is graduated in that
category here's stupid Steve I know when
I love people I just talk shit to him
see this is cute
no I mean it was cute when you weren't
on it no what the hell you're never
gonna look cute
it's instagram-worthy there we go the
half face yeah thank you
this guy's cute too though I have to try
my hat's off are they no they're not
yours are soft
it's definitely don't train look at that
well they're all gone they are I used to
have till are mine look no calluses yeah
just one little baby low right there
gross I need to get more back thank you
what oh my hands off oh my god have you
felt his hands
have you felt his hands whose are softer
Abe's
or his who they're softer whose they're
softer though I felt your hands are like
the ass of a child but this feel like an
ass of a child - now you could leave -
thank you so much Julia you're welcome
tips studying I think she's studying and
then Ryan is doing Ryan type things
all right so I'm gonna take us the
secret but then I entered the problem
which looks fucking please the clues
I've ever seen our problem ever that we
never use because I'm not sure it's gets
anymore and I saw this prop that I made
I'm fucking awesome I made a big-ass
check but as you can tell I didn't have
one big paper so I used multiple sheets
of paper and stuck them on plywood and
then that's like I guess David so won a
sweepstakes for 12 dollars and 31 cents
look at that yeah December 10 2013
I obviously for chose fake signature I
even put the routing number check number
damn I'm good I even added like all the
little details here oh my god I had way
too much damn time on my hands but come
on admit it it looks like a really nice
big check if you don't think so who
cares I'm sticking to that story anyway
secret one I had to rush in here because
I thought I was literally like I said
that because I thought I was seriously
gonna poop my pants like I ran in here
and everyone just stared at me and I'm
like I'm not talking to anybody I keep
my eye on the prize I don't want to shit
myself I want to smell like shit and I'm
wearing like the cutest pets right now
and I didn't want to not wear them today
so I'm like holding the shit holding
this shit holding the shits I held in
the shit and I made it
it's funny because of screen my
teammates opposite to real fighting all
right we just finished JK news I don't
even what time it is it's like 951
you're wrong he's wrong he's always I
don't know I just could never be nice
yeah I can't be nice you know what the
cameras off she's like super sweet no
I'm not don't lie to anyone that's about
you're so cute today
what today always always always always
always always all right I'm gonna go
home and see my sleeping child because
this is probably a bit already some home
now sorry for being a little bit overly
dramatic but um I didn't get to see my
baby today or I did see him but he was
sleepy and then it came home and he's
sleeping again no I know you're my baby
tip I'm not talking about you meatloaf
I'm talking about that one back there
meatloaf okay dude fine
go move do you know oh great whoa my
pants do not look this cool in person
like they look way darker they like this
part right now but camera is picking up
this whole side Oh hmm yo I'm I'm
filling myself with this velvet look at
this is beautiful anyway what the hell I
think I have to go up there
it looks like he's covering his face but
this angle is so tricky cuz this could
be just be above and his head could be
behind that
yeah pretty sweeping I already have my
arsenal ready to go so that once he
wakes up I just put the formula in here
bunch of noise good again that's the
noise maker let's go see even though he
likes putting the curl on his face he
likes putting it like he's dead
yeah so pop they're bought some new
pants and he washed them
he doesn't like putting them in the
dryer so I get faded faster you can like
you telling me to put it on low he used
to do that so if this his preferred
method of drying his pants so excuse the
mess but yeah that cos knocked out
waiting for food because um well let me
turn this off this is kind of a night I
have this one on for the dogs buncha
noisemakers everywhere yeah since we
finished Jay King you so late my mom was
here and I felt bad
now it's 11:00 so I felt bad having my
mom wait
eating's can you imagine me I'm just
sitting here not doing anything probably
tired she's doing with the taiko all day
oh I just can't imagine me like enjoying
a dinner with my friends well she's
stuck home excited at her home so you
know you can't really good and trust me
guys I've been crazy pushing her out
this point cause I've been coaxing her
but now it's like aggressive push of
having my mom live with us or at the
very least just sleep with us when it is
that I do have lateness which is only
once a week
thank goodness um but she just doesn't
feel comfortable that's just not her
thing so I'll respect that but
unfortunately it's one of is Li she does
have to stay here and I hate having to
keep her longer than she has to
and since eating with friends is it's
important it's definitely important to
bond it's not a price it's not a
necessity not like I don't need to do
that you know like um I just need to
make sure that I can relieve my mom let
her go home because she starts to drive
there's just too many things I worry
about with my mama her eyesight's not
the best driving at night is
safe just her driving by herself her
getting out of her car like just all of
that weighs on my mind so I rather just
say sorry friends I spent all day with
you guys I know we weren't like spending
time bonding but you know we did get
laughs in we did you know have lunch
together and whatnot but I just got to
go home so I come home and Bart she
stays and he does the bonding on both of
our behalf which is awesome in a
relationship to have like your
representative if you will um so he
bonds with the friends I come home
relieve my mom up and take care of my
baby and make sure he's okay
there his face is you can see his face
now hi here we tuck you you beautiful
girl um hold on let me change something
real quick there we go yeah so he's
eating but he's kind enough to say mom
what do you want to bring you some food
and of course I'm like yes I'm starving
I haven't eaten since lunch so I'm just
waiting here for him to bring me some
food and give him a warm greeting when
he gets in but can we just appreciate my
pants one more time because these are
awesome and they feel so nice they feel
as nice and smooth as they look I love
it I love it
hey focus there we go look at that oh
god it's so beautiful okay okay okay I'm
sorry it's not like this toes I'm
talking about obsessing over my pants I
hate I'm the weirdest person ever and I
appreciate you guys for loving me yeah
so to get here Papa Bear coming in
clutch with the dinner what'd you get me
why wouldn't it be hot that's my food I
told them that to make it when I'm
leaving sorry I don't follow directions
you write me oh when did they give it to
you Oh cuz you think it's been sitting
there maybe
oh you're the best fuck it disgust oh
I'm gonna make it hotter
okay thank you well that'll kill any
germs that you just put in there you big
Kimmy yeah so he got me some let me see
oh you see those noodles you see those
noodles right there that's food on baby
with some seaweed and some scallions or
green onions the boy over there still
sleeping what else you got for me
I gotta stop pooping the camera like
that yeah a little too excited open and
I just smelled some bomb loves rice what
is that this is oh okay I'll eat it now
I'm starving okay I have any lunch
suspect like I told y'all um yeah a
little potato yes thank you
I'm gonna grab now cuz I am starving and
on that no I don't want to bore you with
my eating if you don't watch me eat let
me know uh yeah so thank you so much for
watching I'm gonna eat and knock the bug
out thank you everybody
see you tomorrow
