I am completely lost today so I have a
bunch of errands that I have to do that
I have no idea and have never done
before one of them being setting up this
baby carrier which I've never really
even held because I don't have any
brothers and sisters and all my cousins
are either really old or really young so
I've never really grown up with too many
nephews and nieces or baby cousins so I
have to figure that out
but one thing that I did figure out is
while I was buying some of this stuff I
realized that there are some systems
that are very very functional and so
like this for example this thing I love
that this thing will come with a card
base and that will that carry will click
into the card base and you can click it
out of the car base and click it into
this caddy thing so now you don't have
to take the baby in and out of the
actual carrier you just move the carrier
and this might come as common knowledge
to a lot of people but for someone that
is completely baby illiterate that was I
was like oh shit they make stuff like
this is exactly what we needed because
we have a bunch of other stuff we've got
from the baby shower that I realized
these baby carriers they're actually age
specific so all of our baby shower stuff
it's for babies one-year and older where
you can lift them in and out all the
time without their head like wobbling
around and stuff so some of the baby
shower stuff like these two amazing car
seats that Frank is one Q and TIFF got
us we can't even use them until the baby
is over a year old so we just have to
store those and now I had to buy some
other stuff to replace that and I know
nothing about it but by doing research
I've been learning a lot so let's open
the baby carrier see what's inside
down this thing is beefy all right
always check always check your box to
see if there's any other parts inside
I'm not one of those guys that always
reads the instructions but I do check to
make sure I don't throw away any so this
is the baby carrier
oh nice and easy so if you want to move
the latch you hit the yellow and there's
probably a release button a lot of these
things are very intuitive no that's not
oh maybe this okay maybe it's not
intuitive
usually they make it usually they make
this baby stuff for one-hand operation
because they know moms are busy so
they're probably got groceries they'll
have another baby so they usually do
make it where you can just hop let's see
buttons what is this lift to release
okay Oh big dummy
so obviously baby Safety's first so this
thing is lashing too here so I probably
have to hit this and then I can hit the
lift to release all right moms do this
well in the world please don't make me
beat the instructions I'm not an
instructions kind of guy damn it I hate
it I always try that figure stuff out
first before I they read the
instructions
being locked in tight why not anyway
there's got to be away okay boom hit
those oh you hear that hit one button
hit the other button the other button oh
well the good news is the baby's mother
fucking safe in this motherfucker the
bad news is I'm too stupid to figure it
out huh
time to switch up the angles so I know
sometimes the vlogs get boring if it's
uh just one able the whole time trying
to switch it up you know I'm saying
alright dude I can't even peel this this
is not dad or mom finally alright open
it up instructions what does it say how
do you release how do you release bass
release handle page 74 I'm going I'm
cutting straight to the chase I'm
reading the other bullshit everything
else I could figure out myself
alright oh there's a button in the back
how did I not know that
alright button in the back right here
they said voila
motherfucker motherfucker he figured it
out alright so I already have one of
these guys pre-installed in the other
cars in my other car let me see if this
fits into it the right way this is so
crazy
I never would have thought I'd be
holding a baby carrier like this
and just walking I feel so grown up and
all that's nuts
fucking baby candy
this shit's crazy alright so uh you know
what's a dope before I show you what I
did earlier y'all know the bear mobile
right it's an off-road piece of
machinery
I got rugged tires on there rugged wheel
I got the Fox reservoir shocks has
lifted I got the side steps it's all
blacked out black ten black camper I got
the midnight package with the black
emblems LED lights so this truck is
murdered-out tell it gangster and then
now I'm gonna put this baby seat in
there this is what I did earlier check
it out
so this was fairly easy to put in
because I watched a youtube video any
time you don't know how to do something
watch a big youtube video and you'll
figure it out but so this is put in I
even put the seat protector now let's
see how well this thing cooked since you
guys think I'll click it in in one try
or maybe two tries or three tries I'm
guessing I think I got in one try I
think I could do it alright
once the one step clicking I think just
go straight in like this straight in
boom okay didn't go in yet but boom one
try I kind of cheated because uh I knew
that this baby seat is rear-facing
meaning the baby is laying here and the
face is facing this way so I knew it had
to go on this way somehow
and after you install the baby seat you
want to do the 1 inch test which means
you want our tongue on it to make sure
it moves less than one inch all right
let's see
oh please sturdy the one-inch test it
down here so that's barely moving ahead
and really tight Zam's walk or gotta put
this thing on baby don't get hot this is
crazy look at this are you guys seeing
this picture once again the off-road
motherfucking wheels the Fox shocks the
blacked-out motherfucking system all
black interior and baby this is crazy
just hooked up the rs7 and this seats
pretty dope because there's a leveler so
it tells you where the baby seat should
be to be its safest and as you hit this
button this extra spacer comes down so
since the rs7 has bucket seats in the
back it's a little bit more slanted so I
actually had to press this to give it
more space so that it's leveled in the
Silverado because they're bench seats so
they're more like normal car seats it's
already nice and even it's not made for
you to like be in this crazy like race
position so I didn't really have to make
too many adjustments now let's see the
carried out of breath let's see the
carrier fit into the stroller and that
we bought alright next up we've got the
stroller before I have to move on and do
something else
pull this out all right I love it
you almost forgot double check any last
people really know I love it when they
make me another in one piece so you
don't have to build you my shit hope I
don't break this before I even use it
they got this part take this one out
those are the wheels little foam thing
and all right so once again I don't
usually like starting off with
instructions but this does look kind of
complicated and already locked in place
which means this hidden stuff I don't
know about is it this button no this
button no damn it
don't tell me I gotta read those
instructions please I hate reading
instruction whoa what are we gonna make
me read the instruction oh all right I
do math through the instructions on this
one watches even come with instructions
that's fine I don't need this only then
usually in my work area I like to give
it a trash ASAP - so this is get
cluttered leave that Mikey's back in my
pockets instruction
all right what step oh my god I call
victus this alright um what do I do
I just cook directly to the middle of it
cuz uh what just look digital I just
click click I just went directly to the
middle exciting is how to fuck around so
first things first there's this plastic
piece where does that go in the front
like this Oh supposed to put in all
right cool I think I figure that out
boom done gasping don't be struggling to
work on this this is made for Vikings
with them oh dude how was a mom supposed
to do this damn if you're a single
mother your fuck dude
well that's your power lifter okay cuz
there's no way a regular mom's gonna be
able to open anything
don't sweat my balls off alright what's
next put that there what's next wheels
alright got these bills please obviously
look like they go on the front or
they're left right nope pop them in boom
all right pop this guy in as well
I'm really sweaty now like crazy upside
down I'm not doing here how do I pop the
other one so easily
what dude what's going on did it also
how many of you didn't recognize honey
no instructions bro oh here it is BAM
my wheels are in the purse - now what we
do now storage basket yeah but how do I
unfold this so this thing is locked in
place which is good this is all folding
with leaves okay
BAM all right hold and release so I got
these rear wheels here get rid of this
trash awesome didn't even make it then
just click in it easy enough just fat
one on this side right here alright
boom that's one side in this side BAM
son how does it stay locked Oh what what
did I just do that's fucking sick you
see that it just locked in place
alright cool obviously the brakes are on
right so that yeah yeah whoa nice and
smooth how does it fold up like this no
we want it what
don't tell me I gotta read the
instructions I just figured it out man
alright so it just works
there's works flip the release handle
over push release handle down until you
hear an audible click okay fold and
release
oh great this man
oh okay so that's how you do it and then
what happens and he went back then he
have an awesome place to do it
oh all right so I think I got it you
want to put it away wrap it which is
fairly easy enough and then if you want
to put it back then you got to do it one
more time and then BAM got it
all right cool now that we got that
what's the next thing looks like it's
almost done here
that what it is looks like it's just
gonna click in place right damn it don't
tell my reader struck all right what
does it say what does it say oh I gotta
put the basket in first where's the
basket though where's the best kit
where's all the baskets right here okay
it's hearty all better I'm tripping but
what is the plastic piece to click the
piece oh it's this okay so wipe it down
don't want the baby getting all dirty
but okay dude all right someone I need
help change angle time so I'm stuck here
now down here I gotta figure out how to
connect these things and the last pieces
I have is this plastic which I don't
know oh I think that's exactly what
that's for I'm going through these
directions in the completely wrong order
their specific weight um no I'm starting
to get a headache too cuz uh I didn't
drink coffee today so I might even get a
feel withdrawal
so damn this might have been even step
two or something
step 3 what is this
come on recognize these things bra but
it's supposed to come with other pieces
did you guys see feelings like fall out
cuz I don't think I saw anything in show
all right let's see yeah I'm gonna just
assume it goes in like this so there's
two ends to it ones like sharp and then
this one looks like a bottom piece so
I'm just assuming I don't even know I
don't even know breath okay got that now
they're supposed to be another oh I'm so
dumb I connected the wrong piece yeah I
see that
oh damn okay
BAM this goes here cool this goes here
awesome
now there's supposed to be another woven
basket piece where is it though I can
put this in where does the cup holders
ago cup holder holder all goes up here
goes all the way up here on the for
realreal wait what meat loaf what you
don't even know if I'm doing this right
where does this thing go this
okay okay so that's there that's it just
came with are you serious
this isn't looking like a picture it's
supposed to come with extra parts this
opposed come with extra parts and you
guys saw that I looked right
there are no extra bucks
all right let me see unless there's a
checklist in here sometimes I got
checklists
the accessory pocket that's what I'm
missing I'll have an accessory pocket so
I do have I have the wheels a wheels I
have the caddy frame the arm bar to put
in put that in put that in basket brace
I don't have the accessory pocket that's
what I don't have where is it do it I
might just have to buy it that hard
didn't come with it should I tell them
mine mine come with an accessory pocket
Oh weird unless I'm tripping
okay I got a clip these on like this so
put this down alright that looks more
complete this side hey dude
they're all right man damn cool now it's
time for the ultimate test so should be
able to just click in like it's nothing
I'm not stretching this way
just go this way or this way
oh shit just put in yo they really
puttin down that's pretty easy so
probably just like the car and wanted to
lift it out not a hit there's two
buttons gotta hit hit hit something
there you go yep boom done diesease
won't cook in want to get out boom damn
I'm ready to be a dad easy easy breezy
hell yeah
alright that was the first and I had to
do today and look how it turned out
alright
install two car seats and this carrier
thing I bet there's all these moms out
homies laughing at me but hey I figured
it out funny I'm a funny good girl
bricky what is bricky Ricky you're
resting okay just picked up fine and
brig e and dropped off meatloaf at
Petsmart right here yeah I'd like the
Wobblies hands right now oh my god
everything is over explode goddamnit
all right so I'm like the worst cam up
oh and I'm about to hit the curb so I
probably shouldn't be recording while
I'm driving but yeah this is the update
now so I just dropped off meatloaf and
meatloaf needs his own express wash
because he gets anxiety and starts
biting on the candle and starts barking
and creates like this huge ruckus so I
don't want to disturb the business or
the other dogs so a meatloaf Express
wash when you drop him off at Petsmart
they take them in immediately wash him
immediately do everything back-to-back
end he never spends any time in the
kennel which is cool fawn and Brittany
are completely a kennel train so they're
all right so I have to drop him off at
different times so once I picked up on
and Brig II dropped off meatloaf on his
own and they're all they'll call me
right when they're done now my head home
there's a mama that carpet is so wet
you look so beautiful baby she's like
what is that is this hit the top of her
head and figure out did you see the
stroller I set up yes I saw it already I
thought that was so cute I'm gonna try
to figure out how to take it out of the
stroller together it's go yeah tried to
figure it out my back do you think you
can yeah natural mama instincts let me
see so the carrier comes out of the
stroller yep okay I don't know those
yellow button I know I'm trying to see
what it could possibly be and it seems
fairly easy that already moves I just
the first time I'm actually looking at
this thing I know it took me a lot to
figure out because I don't have any baby
experience oh you gotta move this thing
- no well the baby ready fell out yeah
okay babies automate the father cuz I
have no idea so it's not this it's not
just these two things no that's not it's
not no yeah I'll show you hold on let me
figure it out what what the hell seem
like you ever gonna know is that do you
think what you're giving up it does
Oh fine oh yeah there you go
yep Wow and that being folds up in the
printer way how does this thing fold up
that's another thing to figure out but
once you figure it out it's easy this is
really easy
yeah it was just one hand yeah how do I
put it back same way and then this thing
clicks into the car too easily the same
way that's awesome oh my god our parents
probably had it really rough yeah really
really rough wait where did that orange
thing go oh there is yeah that's just
like that this is easy you're tired
bring it put in the car let's go
look our scan your card yep I have an
important my cars ready
so I dig let me get on the other side
yep I leveled it maybe that fuzzy it's
too far back
odd is it yeah yeah the in that front
seat too far back yeah
tada BAM just like that good job mama
Thanks our child's not gonna die on my
watch watch pull on the bottom base it's
pretty sturdy oh shit
I strapped it on good huh this child is
not moving anyway
it's awesome you like the little sea
protector I got you yeah I put on it's
really nice nice I like it
time to go eat lunch mama yeah good job
baby this is awesome thank you
I don't know how we found this place but
I found this place that's completely
fat-free burgers old-school traditional
chili cheese fries french dip sandwiches
and we're about to go to town I got this
one low fat zero carb pastrami sandwich
or you saw that on the menu too I did
and I'm like I need to be on the site
right now of all times in my life so I
got this raw meat sandwich right here
over for fall hard rock with pickles and
mustard
and I wanted regular fries but then the
regular fries are really fatty so
coveted the smarter thing yeah and he
got chili cheese fries which are way
lighter yeah the fat free to eat cheese
fries - I can't believe I almost made
that mistake
look at the size this is uh this is 1/4
cup holder and they put it there and of
course I got the extra protein coat and
marburg got the super protein or face
yeah especially for the baby it's really
good
and for me I got the uh I got inspired
by mob bear so I couldn't decide if I
wanted that extra fat for a pastrami
sandwich or the extra fat free pastrami
burger so I got the pastrami burger
which is both to make sure that I got
all the healthy nutrients that we need
all the vegetables too yeah so if you
ever if you're ever all these vegetables
are really good leave the potatoes the
vegetable and the cheese vegetables a
great vegetable yeah so I'm really glad
we found on this place we're about to go
to town right now
so I can't talk anymore we got a new bed
for them and this is the first time I've
ever seen meatloaf small look how small
he looks he's who's growling were you
Crowley you selfish motherfucker fun
get on there your brother your brother's
not allowed to hog up everything come
here fun funny fun yeah fun come on oh
come on the bed your brother is not
allowed to be hey bring it bring it
bring it bring it bring it bring it
pretty sweet party there we but not the
family yeah that thing is huge his bone
god damn it
wake up stop stop stop stop
stop nope it's mine nope jerk
I city crawl up that's fixed inside I
was really scared
Billy yeah I was just taking out his
mouth well nope like motherfucker don't
you dare drop me
god no drop back right here okay fuck
it's not that thing so now we are
rolling up this carpet because we got it
washed a few days ago and it hasn't
dried completely I think we just got a
really high quality carpet so it's
taking a while to dry it's really dense
yeah because even the bottom carpet
support is completely dry which means
there's air flowing underneath the
carpet because that's what this is for
and for grit but it's still not drying
but so I'm going to try to leave it out
in the Sun for a little bit and see what
happens
that rug is really heavy
hopefully it's lighter I'm gonna drive
and hopefully it dries awesome so I was
able to successfully move it over here
and the reason why me and my bear got
the steam clean is our thought process
was it would be nice to disinfect the
house before the baby comes in so we got
the upstairs carpet steam clean we got
this steam clean and there's gonna get
the entire house washed and clean
because we do have dogs so we want to
prep the house to be as disinfected and
as sterile as possible
because there's all kinds of dog juices
like pee pee drop vomit and stuff they
did a really good job cleaning although
there are a few stains I've bought some
troubleshooting foam and solutions so
I'll clean that once this thing is a
tower all the pieces of furniture was
like this widest area yeah where our
coffee table was and all around it so
why this anymore but it was brown it was
like this like a big-ass circle around
it that's true so this is pretty good
pretty damn good the only thing that's
bothering me is this piece right here
kind of yellow but what the play push
that up yeah he did say was to mainly
disinfect and in the disinfecting
process you do get a lot of the dirt and
stuff out because they use like this
like high pressure and really high heat
water yeah I was like 220 degrees yeah
so I like this we can spot clean it's
fine the second thing that I got to do
that I have no idea what I'm doing is
balancing out the water chemical levels
in our new hot tub so big he was right
Mo Money mo problems I thought I could
just buy it fill it up with water they
said it was a plug-and-play system it
had a filtration system I thought I
could use it then
after doing more research online and
then calling customer service
I do have to chlorinate it because what
that does is all the skin and other
proteins that come off your body during
the hot tub process it will make the
water cloudy so having the chlorine and
the proper chemicals and then I'll break
that down and I'll also avoid growing
algae and any other weird stuff going on
in the hot tub so I did buy this put
that in earlier and now I have to use
these strips to test the water levels to
see if it's safe to go in there so
that's what I'm gonna do I feel like I'm
taking a chemistry all over again
because remember back in chemistry
classes you still I do all these pH
testing and all that stuff so all this
is kind of coming back a little bit but
this time it's for real so pay attention
in school because the stuff that you're
doing actually makes sense especially
since I started watching Breaking Bad I
was like fuck I don't know chemistry was
that tight they should have let us watch
Breaking Bad in the beginning of
chemistry I want to paid way more
attention and then I would have been
like oh shit I can actually blow up
doors and make hella money but um yeah
so I'm gonna set this down how's the
pockets because I know Margaret doesn't
really like dry skin so that pH upper it
balances out some of the water if it's
too acidic that way my bare skin doesn't
get hella like dry after she comes out
of the pouch you don't mind that okay
let's see alright so Podrick can't do
anything without my help so I'm here oh
shit this feels so good already
can I get in it right now
barely all right what are you gonna do
so I got a test these water levels I
gotta test for hardness chlorine free
available coin pH and total alkalinity
and stabilizer
so you remember doing this in chemistry
class like all these like little litmus
strips in the last step
no no all right over there
so the first test I guess I gotta do is
total hardness and what does that look
like
well not even know which ones which oh
all six are on there that's so smart I
literally thought I had to do six strips
to get all of this but he does have all
six on one hazard the you guys are the
Breaking Bad people I'm telling you you
do not need to be scared of thug gene be
scared of scientists okay so I have this
if I should put the cap on before I
spill it everything that's what you're
good at
okay so I have that now where's the
direction ace how long do I hold it in
the water for says I've got a feel for
directions
are you serious wait pull here
why do they do this to me while you just
tell me how long I will do it for but if
I rip it all okay it's coming on all
right so
dip one test strip in the pool at elbow
death and away from jets fold strip
level for 15 seconds
oh okay 15 minutes he just good get in
it so away from the Jets one one
thousand two and thousand three one
thousand four one thousand five one
thousand eleven 1012 1013 1013 $1,000
does that mean that it's good to go can
we get into today yeah it's different
instruction if it's good compare color
of test path to color strip that's it
that's all you gotta do how do you know
so now let's look let's look together
total hardness what is that here or here
or here which one is our so it's very
high that means the total hardness is
very high okay it's bad I don't know
total chlorine it's a lot very high
while I put two tablespoons what what
free chlorine very high everything's
very high except for this one what's
that hold on pH very high total
alkalinity very high stabilizer low the
fuck does that mean
what's a stabilizer oh geez just don't
drink the water I think we should be
fine the pH was a pH high everything was
high all right so the pH is high that
means the last thing I need is a pH
upper planet a pH lower so you bought
the wrong thing yeah I assume there's
gonna be other than the pH is good yeah
I think we should be fine well just
fucking wing it it's not like we're
going to turn into mutants it's not like
I have a child in my belly yeah we'll
just get in here it'll be a nice and
comfy
and it's gotta throw some of this in
there bam bam bam boom boom done easy
cool the test went really good did you
see his face that's his bullshit face
when it when his eyebrows go up and they
kind of almost connected well the pH
levels were good that's bullshit
you don't even know what's going on so
you keep reading the bottle and you
obviously obviously if you look if you
compare the data analysis it's works
perfectly so this is so good and then I
put my hand it just melts off well I
guess the point is there is chlorine in
there so if if any proteins fall off it
will destroy it
that's all you need alright okay okay
testing is done yes I do testing is done
and I have no idea what happened all
right you guys guys just watching us
laughing at us you guys just got a bath
you guys look so handsome and beautiful
look at Jesus gritting she's so happy uh
when your dog is dumb they're always
happy
this guy's the emo one big jealous boy
we look at our dead grass okay what are
we gonna do now that and are we gonna
get in all you want to get it on out I
don't know what are we trying to do
you're trying to work yeah don't get
into it in what's already smells good
tonight
coke is you trying to do it before sleep
no I just depends on we try to do
I don't know today's a weekend oh we got
ten tenten tenten it's an int and what
if we bring our laptop out here no we
have to watch in the theatres but
they're just Jacuzzi now we didn't have
this option before we finally put
everything back in place put the carpet
in the coffee table the chair but it's
still kind of just wet a little bit
still kind of down I think everything
should dry by tomorrow so hopefully it
dries by tomorrow I think dogs would be
care they just enjoy being back in the
living room I don't know what bring it
there breathe always off doing her own
program
well that's all for today goodnight guys
see you guys tomorrow
