I am a house dad today we have so much
stuff going on that it's just gonna be
easier for me to train at home and
simultaneously take care of all that
stuff so for example I have to get my
wardrobe ready because we're starting a
new series on the barber a channel
called CEOs corner where you're gonna
hear about all the new and upcoming
things that's happening a barn up again
whether it's the apparel or the gym
before anyone knows so it's gonna be
kind of like we thought it'd be really
really cool kinda inspired by you know
how like every September Steve Jobs used
to do this rest in peace used to do this
keynote speech where he talks about like
the new iPhone or whatever and we were
like man we have so much stuff going on
at barbell brigade wouldn't it be cool
to let people know what's going on week
to week because we're always like months
or at least weeks ahead so we're
starting that series on the channel look
forward to that I get to babysit these
guys while my bear is at the gym filming
since we don't have kennels at the gym
sometimes we just leave them in the back
of the shade and they start barking I
know it disturbs the members so today
because there is an option for me to
train at home I get to babysit them
while I'm training and then the next
thing I have to do is move all these
packages into the truck so all of these
packages it's the new new barbell
Brigade stuff I'm not even gonna tell
you what it is yet if you watch CEOs
corner you'll find out what all these
things are maybe not in the first
episode but maybe the second or third
one so there's all kinds of new new
prototype stuff not going to show you
what it is keep it all in the boxes I
have to load that in the truck later
load the pups in the truck later and
then I have a series of things and I
have to do for example so like the hot
tub that came in there's a filter but I
don't know if I could just use it so I
don't want to go in there all sweaty or
just with my natural human perspiration
and then and put bacteria in there I
want to see if I have to put chlorine
and stuff in there so I get to train
this weights while reading this manual
while researching online
and I've been wanting to put a light bar
on my truck so when I go camping and
stuff I can do that
right now my truck I took the bottom
plastic corner so that looks kind of
weird I do want to take that weird metal
thing off and then maybe put a light bar
in there because the look I'm trying to
go for before the truck isn't super
off-road II I wanted to be like an urban
assault vehicle where it looks still
kind of like pack nice and tight then
it's made for the streets but you know
it's off-road capable I don't want it to
look like a straight-up trophy truck so
I get to do some of that research over
here so I'm just balancing a lot of
stuff this morning and I just got a text
so today's my first day being a house
dad I don't have to breastfeed anyone so
I know that's gonna make my job easier
but uh yeah it'll be interesting you
guys want to know one of my favorite
favorite lifting songs it's this one
Chris breezy Benny Benassi play with
that this song makes me go ham don't
know why it does
what you guys think of that lift pretty
smooth hmm Papa's the post uh hit a four
rep max on my top set today so based on
how that moved what do you guys think I
was thinking somewhere between 350 and
365 for four reps that's what the
program calls for you guys think I can
do it I think you're doubting me I think
Ron's telling me to be careful bring you
what do you think Ricky doesn't really
care she's oh there she is Ricky what do
you think you've been nagging at 365 for
for Oh Neela wants to see huh all right
well hopefully I can hit 365 for four
then just finished whoa what the hell
having my eye I got sweat dripping down
my eyes at his Burnie just finished with
the workout now it's time to move all
the boxes in the truck thank you for
keeping me company guys you guys
motivated me throughout the entire
workout you have to move your posture
sir we're going inside can you move your
paws thank you
close the garage door and then we're
gonna move all these boxes out into the
truck area
almost done with my house dad duties now
I just gotta pack my lunch get my little
meal preps trying to stay healthy
put these leashes on those guys and I we
take them off cause um sometimes I make
a lot of noise or scratching and stuff
and all you hear all night is this look
how excited they got silly good we're
not going oh now you want to come down
me though hey who said you could get on
the counter no no no and I gotta pack my
lunch put the leashes on down sweating
like crazy every time after I work out I
keep sweating for like the next 30
minutes I don't know why what's the
point even taking a shower
all right that's clean sweat I guess
before we go you guys gotta go pee pee
one more time okay all right everyone go
pee pee whoa don't you people pee pee
the kids fine where are you going go
outside go pee pee come on go pee pee
good girl
you better put that chair away before
Gio gets mad I have a tendency of light
using things and then not putting them
back where it's supposed to and I think
Jill's a nesting mode that's when my god
when a mom has these very strong
maternal instincts and they want
everything to be perfect and squared
away like this hat should not be hanging
here I'll get in trouble for stuff like
that but I also actually like that
because knowing that she's particular
keeps me in check and I keep the house
clean because I do enjoy the house being
organized and not just everything
everywhere so damn my backpack is docked
how am I gonna I'm gonna put that food
in there I guess I'll just hold this in
my hand you guys ready to go okay
the dogs are already waiting what are
you staring at every time you guys stare
at something you always look like you're
let's go start some trouble
everyone ready to get in let's like it
walk-in the pups to the office now it's
pretty CUNY cuz I'm our office it's not
just a workplace but it's also kind of
like a babysitter center for our kids
but these guys and I'm sure when our
baby comes out as soon as that guy is
able to leave the house it'll also
probably be a baby center for that guy
for awhile which is very very Keeney
well I'm about to enter some Sun so I
gotta change the adjustments real quick
so that's gonna be pretty cute but uh
some sneak peek action I was I just got
an email on my ride here because I've
been talking to this cartooning company
and I was thinking about getting my
cartoon just because all of my car got
my phone's going off like crazy well
I've been talking to a lot of my car
fanatic friends and they're all highly
recommending me to tune my car because
the rs7 is one of the most tunable cars
so with a chip and exhaust I can easily
add another 100 to 150 horsepower so
it's at five fifty right now at 150 700
horsepower without really pushing it you
know and that's crazy so that made me
think well how often am I ever gonna
have a car that's that tunable so maybe
I should just do it so I'm talking to
this guy and I think I'm gonna do it
because there's still a way to retain
factory warranty and of exhaust gonna
make the car sound beastly and there's a
bunch of other aesthetic things I'm
gonna do to the car my wheels get the
brake calipers painted and all that
stuff so I'm really excited about that
they're gonna order all the parts and I
have to bring my car and I think in
about a week or so
so we'll see how that goes I'll probably
try to finalize the email today and if
it goes good my car's gonna get tuned
and it's gonna be 700 horses good news
after good news these just came in
custom barbell Brook gray dumbbells yup
we just ordered a whole set for the gym
so when you guys visit barbell Brigade
you can look for these are really really
really cool something I've always wanted
never thought it could happen but it
made it happen
thank just got home from a string of
barbell Brigade meetings and I'm really
tired but it's okay because I am really
looking forward to tomorrow tomorrow is
one of those days that I'm not gonna be
able to have in a long time once a baby
comes out and it's a shooting day and I
haven't really been able to organize any
of my guns since I moved in because I
haven't bought a safe yet and now I
realized that I actually should get a
safe because here are just some of my
guns and I'm organizing them and I
realize that there's some guns I
completely forgot that I had like this
Tavor for example and I have parts that
I bought I haven't been stalled yet so I
don't get all that stuff installed have
a bipod I have a flashlight
except random magazines parts and all
that stuff and my buddy Ryan who works
for the Sheriff Department and the
armory division he's gonna come and help
me install some things he knows a lot
about guns if you think I have a lot of
guns he actually has I think over 60
guns so my collection is actually
nothing but I'm really happy because
he's gonna help me zero in on some
weapons tomorrow and help me mount and
make sure all my guns are in proper
working order which I haven't been able
to do and this more than ever tells me
that I have to get a safe so it can be
safe once the baby comes out so I'll buy
the safe tomorrow and it's really nice
to know that I'm getting reacquainted
with my guns and it feels really good
and I got a workbench so I can actually
work on it over here yay
