morning papa good morning
how'd you sleep good why did you sleep
good tell me why because it does he's
awesome Shan Shan Shan so tell him the
story and then show them all this was
also a way for me to get him out of bed
because it was taking me forever to get
him out of bed and that's odd
so tell us a story first here's a story
so before we first got this house I just
had read to the blind the wood line and
it was unbearable it was right it was
like I was living in a third-world
country
what the head and then who would your
little saving grace your little angel my
mom a potato saw dishes in the morning
with the blinds on it's nice and darling
okay I mean this is me I think let me
see this true to life hold on to that I
change the filter so does it then a
don't move it up yet okay I think this
is true to life right now so that's the
brightest room now which isn't even that
bright it looks brighter on camera but
it's not that right okay now show me
what it would look like I have to change
the Oh motherfucker
that's just one window yeah alright it
is it is just yeah and then so I start
waking up I the SS man and it's one of
those slow what are you doing it's just
one of those you look jacked right now
and it's like yeah glad you're like you
wake up uh which I don't like I actually
like when I get my full rest and and
boom eyes open and then I get to wake up
so today I got to wake up at 8 instead
of like a slow graph before and then
it's fixed yeah
the only bummer is that the guns overall
fit oh fuck the only thing is that what
is that called again but fail the what
the bill I think it's the bail they got
it protruding too much so that needs to
get fixed but
full of balance balance your attitude
burns NetHope oh yeah that's just one
one oh can you believe the fell fucking
bright it is that's what we would wake
up to every single morning and it was
horrible
but we literally just woke up both have
stank-ass breath like no mates my hair's
fucked up crusty eyeballs what would you
rather they got with a morning mouth or
a morning butthole a mouth of corn was
stinky I depends on the person what if
what if I took a clean clean shower last
night and I think and put up freakin
scrubber up my butthole and I brush my
teeth your mouth definitely heat because
you still have ask juices that come on
and then you see you sweat in the middle
of the night what happened it we're done
what we're done talking uh yeah that was
a good hypothetical but definitely
always going for the Mousehole other
than the belt butthole let's get ready
to pose oh today's JK news day it was so
hard for me get out of that is a kid it
is not Acadia I don't believe it because
me I never grew out of it and you could
already see what I was as a kid because
I had freaking Asian parents that beat
the crap out of me
oh no I had Mexican parents that loved
me very hard because number I told you
what my dad's techniques what he does
yeah the tillow the first thing that is
rips the entire blanket off me okay
freezing then he'd come in his book and
it gets fucking cold water lovely good
but the clothes and then the last step
is fucking a Taser this is the first
step
I think we're ready to be parents or I'm
ready to be a parent because I have a
big baby
a big manchild we stopped last our books
gonna get a dirty chai latte but I tell
you
dirty China's delicious your dirty chai
dirty Chinese candy okay we're movin up
that's good to see
ha ha hi get a get a get a phone can't
fun get at me look at me look how go me
logo me let's go boy
buzzer okay Lisa here alone later
alright so we are at JC a news now and
we have special guests Casey with
special host TIFF and special cast Joe
without a shirt and special cast Julia
with a backwards hat and then special
guest I mean yeah yeah special cast
Bart without a shirt but why are you as
I'm sure you enjoy just finished
training we could go longer at home
so we're sweating we both took showers
and then when we came out we just kept
sweating still I'm still saying you
don't want that you Sonic game you'd
have a flurry back we do that you're
like part Wolverine look at all that
black I think black black all this offer
yeah
so every time um after we've shot she
can use for about like another 24 hours
and get it to on a break and those
charged because these guys are trying to
be the next Van Damme's
Wheatley I don't know if you can reach
the Bruce Lee level maybe you can get
close to Van Damme levels that's true do
I be Chuck Norris level you can't be you
can't buy yours as oh okay bye alright
fine your Van Damme level then Chuck
Norris is really cool okay you're still
Van Damme level because you get your
actors no no no I want to be Jack Black
sighs Jack forget to demote yourself to
Jack black dress black the actor right
the over way doctor
yeah okay fine you are going to be jet
black yeah so they decide to go home and
do cardio and the rest of us are just
catching up on work and editing and
stuff stuff where I'm we worked hard and
I get this guy's lunch it's hard to
losing weight though but it's a rose I
know I miss my girls it's not bad but
it's it's visa tell you that much but
it's getting me to where I need to be
fucking it on my food yeah well I saw
that time if I have to focus on that
shit so I'm not doing it yet I'm not
doing it I'm not doing so just at home
um everyone went TV afterwards but
because it's 11:00 p.m. I am absolutely
exhausted and more so I'm tired of just
sitting all day because my belly just
rests on my my thighs and hips so um
maybe my thighs I don't know why for my
head so it gets very tired than my hips
get very tight so I don't anymore so
what I did is I can't believe item vlog
this I'm the worst vulgar ever I'm so
sorry guys I walked this guy this girl
and this girl
I walked them all around our
neighborhood but because I'm pregnant I
don't trust myself for three dogs I just
get really excited especially meatloaf
was like 100 pound tugger so I walked
one what the hell what's wrong with your
face she was like didn't you see um but
I walked each little bit I walked them
one by one so I went around our
neighborhood which is in a very big
neighborhood um I just kind of got them
a little bit tired and I just got some
blood flowing through my body got my
muscles moving a little bit and it felt
really really good and now I'm eating
some leftover vegetarian food I've had
in the fridge
hope it's perform enough whoo it feels
pretty hot don't do maybe 30 more
seconds I do this technique where I wet
a paper towel and I put it on top of my
food and it works does it minute 7
seconds three more seconds and it works
amazing because it I guess it retains
heat and it also gives I mean every
gains moisture and it also produces more
moisture because it's a wet cell and the
food just comes out I mean and this is
fried but other than that it comes out
really really good like like you just
ordered it so maybe not that good but
it's it's pretty good so I'm going to
come out dry and hard so you guys I want
to try that my little napkin technique I
think I'm going to scope now check out
even white rice if you try to microwave
white rice with the heavier in the
fridge it's usually not that good but
you see whoa steamy whoo there we go see
looks pretty good it's pretty good to me
I'm a grub now cuz I haven't eaten since
lunch
I was eating about a snap but no I need
I need more food in my body and I don't
know are you guys this way for me if I'm
learning Chinese through depending on
this Chinese to you obviously if I'm
eating Chinese who your Japanese food or
anything that I've been introduced to as
having to eat with chopsticks if I don't
eat that food with chopsticks then I
feel this case is good you guys this way
this is just me am i weird I'm probably
weird but yeah I'm going to eat now guys
and I'm going to yell by myself because
nobody is here with me cuz paw bear is
eating look at the fucking face is so
cute why is your face so cute
cut it out Wiggy cut it out
yellow cute
no no no no don't get up don't get up
all baby you're tired we didn't even
walk how are you so tired
how are you so tired Oh bless you oh
that face you may be pleased holy shit
I've never seen a dog though it took a
genuinely tickers hold stickers her nose
she's like really cute okay
I'm a shot now daddy even though well
actually just finished shooting but even
though Papa and I aren't together we're
still pretty damn connected I keep him
updated she just got home sitting all
day
that's so cute knee so just finished
eating shower time he says meet you just
finished eating I always a fucking
cutest most luckiest couple ever
yeah can I say I love the big dumb dumb
but yeah as you guys saw it is like it's
look at his name on my phone too II
copal do um it is time for me to shower
because I just need to wash this day
away and cleanse myself for a new
beginning tomorrow but yes on the future
alright but one thing I forgot to
mention is if I can charge if my freakin
drug do dogs medication so check this
out
wow that's the first we know who gets
the pill there's only one of you that
gets this pill you don't want it oh my
god I think she's tired from her walk
yeah that's what I thought
fun you don't get this I don't give this
to you funny different fit three sit
pretty sit Wow all right beat it sir but
I have to make sure that she doesn't
chew it and then spit it out so this is
my technique
oh-ho that was awesome
usually have to hold her mouth like this
while she's chewing on it but she
doesn't spit out the damn pill but now
for real Jignesh are all right just
finish I and a whole man I feel so good
it's just so good all right plot it look
at this valley guys it looks all shiny
and glossy because I'm trying not to get
stretch marks and I know it's inedible
and in that too my god I can't be
inevitable Wow I know it's a matter of
and oh my god in what is going on my
brain is just dead I know it's
inevitable Wow
and it's a genetic thing too but I'm
going to do everything I can right now
to help it a little bit so I'm wearing
with the shea butter like organic thing
but I'm all blissed inning everywhere
but so far so good
because I have zero stretch marks
everywhere I have none
so it's pretty good I just smell like a
fucking pina colada and greasy er than a
motherfucker like look at this I'm so
shiny but damn no stretch marks all
right dad well Ricky says it's time
Redbury it's time she says it's time
that we go the S to sweep and love my
blinds oh thank you oh well I can't wait
til the Sun comes up and they don't see
shit and it's just dark in here ah thank
you guys so much for watching
hope you guys are having a beautiful
morning afternoon evening wherever it is
you may be thanks again bye-bye
till tomorrow
