today is an interesting day because we
are starting it off at the office and
the reason for that is because we are
shooting the test pilot for our TV show
so we finally are able to make use of
the JK new set that we haven't been able
to make use of and this is just some
testing some experimenting of combining
JK party in JK news into a format that
we're going to see if it can work on TV
which is also why I look decent for once
because usually I'm always wearing
either barbell or fitness stuff but I'm
actually wearing a regular shirt and
then I have my watch on and shoes and
pen let's see what they're up to
so we're not shooting on this side so no
one's here it's really quiet in here
actually okay I think there's people or
can hurt
alright what's your name I'm Bart nice
to meetcha meetcha there's Roy the man
that putting this together are you
excited I have never been more excited
about anything in my entire life
how many times have you said that most
days okay awesome
so everyone here is getting ready to
work hard
hey what's up Evan I'm excited and ready
to do this because we're going to make
magic holds Glen's day in Los Angeles we
always make magic on Wednesday Oh
perfect the lighting looks good hey
how's it going what's your name
y'all Mike how's it going are you the DP
for this I am could reach oh nice yeah
I'm Bart by the way nice party
wow this looks awesome look at all these
lights we already had a fuck ton there's
already a fuck ton of lights we've got a
couple more yeah yeah just to make it
look extra extra fabulous awesome oh we
got the screens on woohoo I'm excited
and always works so hard so he does both
barbell and JK while I was getting
dressed and checking up on the set and
rushed over when he was over there
working with Jay King now he's running
timelines and stuff with the Fargo
Brigade staff so I'm just checking up on
all the projects of working on making
sure everything is cool and such a hard
run take your artwork for everyone else
to hire if it's you this is the big boss
so what you want me to do today Mike I
work hard okay
work hard play hard like the song
you know what I'm talking about work are
playing hard work far I never heard that
song before okay guys don't see that
music that music sucks so I paired the
initials of the oh shit yeah she's doing
a lot of stuff especially like a female
like the liquor like totally so issues
that issue is going to be on board to be
with Junaid for all like super excited
pipe who we're talking about a would
urinate you know that Ava whoo hey Babu
given a director
what's delma gosh am I missing something
here the biggest movies to come out like
in all caps over here what's a big movie
but it's a really important film really
work at about the key mouth it oh okay
and maybe she killed it the director
killed it oh damn and then she's
speaking the hand about what she's going
to be doing the Q&A for goop for this
Saturday all she's like moderating it
yeah
SiC can be creative but I'm trying to
shake her head and put me in something
anything and now you're the old killed
in your film shot into the middle I've
use my first Asian guy to die yeah I
don't know Hollywood stereotypes I could
be in every single film that just gets
shot and died like I don't care what it
is
put me in anything you have a quick side
of that that's Dilton yeah oh yeah I
want to I want to go check it out I
don't know it's the rock and roll rock
n'roll oh god you're here
you look pretty my bear oh look at some
freakin belly dude I know it so bad how
tight no I know I think he's running out
of room it's either my stomach a my
bladder
oh just feel like his foot or his head
like sticking out sometime yeah weeks do
you ever feel like you're only two weeks
and three weeks was it yeah okay I'm
sorry it's like another fucking you
start bull but it is me even has a
nipple look good are you ready to be a
normal size again yes and now right now
I want to be normal
hey baby you're gonna come to crazy
parents on it yeah I know only you get
that voice I love it I hate it
hey shad boy you choke on it yes boy
other with it what night qualm quando
the Qantas on everyone slowly rolling in
I gotta put a log on yeah who's that oh
it's me okay good stir it up big brother
hot I'm telling ya I'm a backlog on them
all night oh oh you did again what do
you guys think
oh because they're going to move tips to
this side I think they'll go with a
classic Oh God so should David sit next
to her or should Josephson expert
they're moving sis to the end
oh so she's going to be reporting to us
in the end and then Dave is there one
whoever you are doesn't matter
and who's gonna David moves there than
me no yeah Erika's language um does it
matter like you know we sit with
partners to recycle salad
yeah a level yeah so does that matter
chemistry-wise yes I call it a movement
as Anjana I'll sit here as unbothered
will be literally our only issue our
only issue was the computer that was it
you don't want computer no we don't we
just don't it will be in the shot we
want it blocking or a bit here Oh
suddenly it's told me we only have some
hero video and we need to see the link
and all we gotcha ok so it's just going
to be over there so there's a locker
here blocks that way oh no I have a head
without a smart phone out both these
cameras are getting a clean shot
gotcha ok so the camera issue let me see
those kids joke fellas good salad I
might knock that order up hold up pull
the mannequin out a little bit I don't
want to mess up the camera sauce just a
little little rented whoo nice Josh
another one now
sounds good yeah tight for the Queen
that's don't why I could tell you've
been working on those pics well thank
you very much they look fast and
flexible why you shaking your head why
are you shaking your head
how'd you like children we're gonna make
a movie and guess why you're not invited
to it I'm so gonna be invited to don't
say that the why can't you support us
making a movie cuz you're the dumb one
ice to support your stupidity
doesn't even make any sense I doesn't
but you're adopted
there we go one thing I'm not used to is
how hot it is in here we got these
lights and they're one of these tungsten
or something
it's crazy high so even though we have
AC I'm sweating like a motherfucker
David swing like a motherfucker too
like Thanksgiving turkey just roasting
in the oven I hate Thanksgiving turkey
that's cheers for real you want to eat I
don't eat the ate ham on Thanksgiving
I know you probably haven't had a good
one yeah you're not going to make me a
good one if it's juicy it's bomb but it
dries out easily
you're right make me a good one someone
guess I'm always gonna have a special I
can make vomit are you going to make one
this Thanksgiving oh yeah yep we went
last year stupid oh yeah Oh Cheryl maybe
Wow yeah it was moving special that's
like a week now
no you weren't there was there about a
couple years before cuz I remember it
was just like me Jess Yuri and your
family yeah that's right oh you guys
came later yeah good luck you later yeah
you guys came way later cuz you went to
another one before that yeah really
oh hi there oh you did your students
table data we just finished shooting the
first part of our pilot presentation and
one big difference between shooting
something for a TV and something for
YouTube that we weren't used to and we
thought we were messing up but a
producer of oil actually told us we're
doing a great job was so for YouTube
because we want things to be as real and
as organic as possible
if we meet something that's going to be
uploaded for 15 minutes we might shoot
something that's 20 minutes or 25
minutes and cut it down and for TV
though you would shoot something that's
like 30 minutes and cut it down to five
minutes so you literally have like the
best stuff that's not to watch TV
it feels so tight in it grasps your
attention so well and so when we were
having our conversations like on Jake a
new style and it felt like we were kind
of going in circles they wanted to do
that because then they'll cut out all
the best stuff and then today is the
first talking portion and then the
second shoot day which is in a week it's
going to be the much more visible the
much more physical portion
the pilot presentation so I'm really
excited one more time though oh my go
Wow let's go me melted helmet a
staircase freakin smash into a wall cute
ass we will visit favorite spot then we
got business here their face isn't
smashed oh they don't sleep smashed what
the heck are these hey thank you me
she's sleeping - we're just trying to
relax because got about 30 minutes to
kill before we head over to something
really cool one of our buddies I he's a
bottle brigade member actually and he's
a chef and he has a pop-up thing tonight
and what that is is so he's usually a
chef at another restaurant but he has
his own concept that he wants to serve
so chefs they'll do these pop-up things
where they design an entire course for
the evening from appetizer to main
course dessert and we're going to
support him so I can't wait because he's
such a good cook that I know whatever
he's going to make for us it's going to
be delicious
hi all right so we're with the man
with the masterplan just Louis what are
we having - minute we're having four
courses we're having croire
yeah we're having plug on toast jumbo
prawns over rib and chocolate bars made
by my wife
are they collapses it up our listing
portions 1940 where it's more of a macro
friendly voice okay I guess it's settled
oh yeah when are we going to start
eating in full hungry already soon so
right now it's cocktail hour
everyone kind of mingling and chatting
and it's literally all my friends are
here so trying to go yet hanging out
audience yeah just because before all my
friend what is my work at home time so I
haven't had a lot of time to cook in the
past for you know pop up some charities
but now that I have a new job that
allows me to have a little more time
away from work and I get to do a little
bit more from community and get back you
should jump outside my house anytime you
could just live off barbecue you make
something I'll drink okay
the first course is blahblah on
sourdough bread and it already looks
delicious
oh my goodness oh my god like a little
cucumber right are you ready to eat my
bear yeah you go first
I know you've been starving I am
starving your scarf coat oh I like not
post it - is that folded like a saga of
the whole debacle okay I'm borrow sorry
go do it
that was very yummy I'm always amazed at
when a chef is able to make just
probably like 50 or 60 people here able
to make 60 of these things and make it
tasted still because usually by the time
you make your 30th or 40th one the
person's already trying to get cold and
it's kind of big steam is respected a
very small team is very intimate and
personal and a chef who has killed it if
you just he made 50 of those things and
they all take a lot of Yama but from
everyone's face like I thought it looked
really really yummy is it Chris I manage
a co-writer about do I remember back in
the day Mohan hydrofoils are you ready
yes go but everyone that knows me knows
my feelings about this whole animal that
is quit now
it offers nothing
ok let's do the first well I'm becoming
vegetarian I don't - before you another
one fine
well thank you for taking it for the
team of giving our child a lot of
mission oh oh well yeah
oh look at that
raisin - yeah hey the food's killing it
it's really good I don't know what
you're waiting on it is really you know
yeah one day my trip okay mom I really
doesn't really hear the whole dance and
I like to have a hu and the main course
the braised short rib what did they say
here doesn't matter did who that Bob
Marley key it makes mashed potatoes
one of the worst food critic ever
deserves this yummy or not thanks to
that system so why didn't the purpose of
the pspme decides a soft olaf ollie
Wow Johnny where's Marge I need someone
someone bringing my hopefully one of
those are my one of those no one is my
what about
yes it's here yeah damn and the bow with
the let me show you how to fish it that
way why are you not playing Oh God
where's your food w yeah they brought me
an MP play what the hell do I feel it
with a bone did you want the premium
like during scissor time and this is
made by Louis's wife and she's really
good at baking and making dessert I
don't even know what this is the owner
is neither time
don't call those bomb love it
hey oh here's a candy right keep a real
life you like it these are my chocolate
chocolate chocolate mine if you can't
stop it I love it it really does people
are so super dangerous too I'll eat it
twice I'm not a fag chocolate but are
you a little bit of the white from
layers checking all the way yeah I'm
there you go now if I is out mortality
I want to get that okay but it's really
good if you like salsa it's closer it
tells that hey guys we just literally
got home and I'm really exhausted having
gone inside the house shit but I already
know I'm not gonna let another second so
good night everybody see you tomorrow
