hi and good morning today is actually a
quite change up for us just because
we've had about three weeks off of
summing cheeky party so now we're back
on set and it's it's some getting used
to for sure because I don't really have
to do a bunch of the stuff that the rest
of the crew have to do I mean that cats
us to do but everyone's back from Paris
and I feel bad for them so they're going
to have to do some crazy stuff we got oh
yeah
and TIFF give me some French well Joel
thank you tough Allah okay fine what'll
be yes that works for French um and tip
was like I can't wait I got something
for the baby always for the baby uh it's
alright and I was like I got a blog this
so you know what I brought something for
you too but it's not really like how we
need to do the baby over starters I
brought these for your new nephews I got
oh okay so they can magic fucking bozos
that's so sweet of you even thought of
them yeah like a new babies emissions
are twins I don't know I figured that
they are but their paternal that's
perfect perfect yeah this is little
magic on it's so nice thank you
I know they're going to feel so much
love everyone's gonna be like oh that's
so nice okay what it looks like it
almost fits you I know I wanted to walk
around in this oh my god I can't wait
and they cute
and Casillas baby so the baby girl yeah
heard like a size smaller so then they
could probably wear it around the same
time laughs I think you I like how you
know our baby's gonna be a monster baby
did you see this babe oh this is bad
reaction oh I love it
thank you you see this oh yes it get out
of it through her little run run in
place ready play oh yeah ready please oh
yeah don't you know what to find so many
more things I can't wait I didn't have
any room in my luggage so can you
imagine this guy gone it'll kill her I
feel fuckin around
you don't you what the hell way what is
this oh that's like the European style I
guess I don't know what I know it's
tripping out on that too sure about what
that's how they put a mint I don't think
it's that big of a belly that's probably
closer guys like probably going to be
maybe like a year a year and a half
ah this is so cute I can't wait fuckin
baby better love it oh I love it thank
you so much this is awesome
nothing will do boy things I wanted you
guys to feel involved the wedding sir
oh yeah I saw I saw Kim brown hers to
our house cuz we were watching Game of
Thrones yeah and I was like oh these are
cool I'll give you thank you you know
you guys were there we were there we
really were there so you know I thought
it something
like I'm so dumb why did I keep these
yeah because then I have to keep them on
an extra week and a half longer them is
someone from the crew would have just
brought it and giving it to you it's
different because it's coming straight
from you but so me saying that I don't
know the seas are so conceited oh oh
yeah yeah that's the thing um I have a
bar on bar try it yeah sorry
no it's okay shopping have them take it
no okay okay and then you guys can
handle champagne afterwards once the kid
or I'm a champagne and fucking sushi yes
I'll be there helping a third wheel are
y'all carry baby yeah please please
well thank you well happy to be back
though I'm atomically he waited for the
a tip to come back I'm like you better
not come on so I get back exactly
erasable you know I know this kid kicks
like a motherfucker okay we're going to
film now all right so just filming and I
got to show you guys the aftermath of
what just happened I was a host I didn't
get it involved in any of those so we'll
do what we look at this let's run a
blush as much red as you can on the
target of a car park through the
dumpster and snuff it out look at this
Oh how are we going to clean it or next
shoot
oh look at its beat you got very second
alright so we had David paddy Ryan sweet
Bongo and we'll see you attended
participate but I do want to ask that
we're at all what they saw
alright so we just wrapped all right
what did you guys think of the shit does
amazing give anything away yeah no we
don't want to give too much away but you
guys have to be Sheila Bongo yet oh
where is he
oh wait till you see bongos this is
nothing but we didn't did we
that was just his doing when he didn't
even need to do that I got demolished
without even having to do anything I was
sitting there and super throwing stuff
on me good video film even gonna be a
banger guys one building they become
calling it wearing it on all of our
channels watching healthy we've ever had
1 million views yeah yeah it's all set
it's coming when we odd are you guys
scared to come back though we go you
gotta come back back tomorrow
I'm gonna call tomorrow there's nothing
years at 70 tomorrow next I'm not
invited back please yeah you get a dobro
there was any time yeah you guys are
dope this is a lot of fun cost to even
most your hosts no no yeah Mike my cost
of your contribution is we got it flat
you need to get a watch look at his
fucking head oh my god about regarding
you know that mean look at the back of
his head thank God now turn the camera
look at Geo
so next time we come back she has to be
in the video that hasn't seen I have a
guy can't a baby accident oh yeah I'm
gonna get fucked man he's become
this is feathers baby could take the Fed
later you know you throw up at one point
yes very pretty video yeah oh my chemo
trafficking I got a weak stomach
you throw yeah well thanks guys you guys
are awesome I'm sorry man kinda in this
oh yeah look at me
basically our lawless both work forgot
Allah Iraq that's the best friendship
right there so we're going to go to
lunch now
and yeah I've been kind of playing it
safe so feel bad for everyone and it
seemed really fun but I'll be back I'll
be back home again all the challenges
I'm gonna do all the shit and I'm gonna
see all this crazy shit I'm not going to
pitch out like I always do alright we
just wrapped JK partay
and let me tell you I feel like this was
such a dope ass come back JK party shoes
I can't wait for you guys to watch
everything one of these videos because
it's fucking awesome hilarious
high-energy stuff you've never seen us
do before and like you know win so stay
tuned they post the JK party channel
subscribe to the channel so you don't
miss any other stuff um what else going
to tell you about that well I think
that's it yeah I think that's it okay
gonna head home now probably get some
rough are you going to do for dinner
got my stupid meal press oh well you
know what else is not stupid fuckin why
every time what well my brother came
over and he actually surprised and
probably a funny video oh yeah yeah
let's see that good I love you Tito I
know you're watching this because he's a
big supporter and a fan and such a
positive role model in my life so I know
you're watching this supporting your bro
and sis but we thought this funding is
cute this is real time I love him so
much
look at it look at my mom so it looks
beautiful she's so awesome oh thank you
kiddo
thank you mama oh you're fucking awesome
thank you so much all we really asked
for it was just stick to the electrical
supply we didn't want to inconvenience
into that you guys saw he or him and his
wife my sister mall just gave birth the
two beautiful boys so I'm like to spend
time there don't worry about I mean
there's no rush this but he went above
and beyond and
- tit you owe him your is unpossible I'm
going to reconsider their leashes and
this sub it always smells so bad for
both Oh anyway thank you big bro I love
you so much
let's go guys
whoa this doom is so quiet all approve
shit yeah I was so afraid to zoom all
day guys I got it I got it
let me unzoom and I got to talk to you
so I just got this new camera I'm going
to walk in front of it looks similar to
our old model but this is a newer
version of it so it's this one see that
it's the Sony rx100 five number five we
used to shoot on three and four on but
one of the things that I didn't like
about it was when I would zoom you guys
needed so this whole entire video I've
been so scared to zoom because I didn't
want you guys to hear that annoying
noise so what I like just right now I
just started doing it out and I didn't
choose it I think that's fucking awesome
so expect more zooming in and zooming
out oh and look at the little little
ruffles I feel so fucking the
stereotypical never getting shit
little ruffly home anyway
okay just got home and popper had the
cuneus idea he's like we're going to get
for dinner because we are kind of on
different eating schedules because I'm
eating like a pregnant woman and he's
eating like a fucking supermodel
I wish another one supermodel did you're
eating like a supermodel I'm not just
being a celery in there fine
well um so he suggested that we get more
vegetarian food smells like oh snap you
know the web maja so we got vegetarian
food of one please
yeah why would you even ask are you just
telling yourself this fried tofu so hot
it's tofu it's not bad Oh
wazzle ma barely um and then I got my
huge this one is what oh yeah shredded
pork which is not pork and bean curd
what's this pork made out of like maybe
soy right this one's are being purged I
think there's a slow fire yeah
and then the white rye then this is
mustard greens with bean curd and snow
peas I'm excited to eat it I'm so
excited but on another exciting note
pablor has something that he wants to
update you guys on because we talked
about on a previous vlog or outdoors
yeah let's talk about it we showed you
the video to guys already probably know
where it's going but so we just showed
you what Joe's brother did for us and
this is now live
in the flesh here come the motherfuckin
weasel ooh who would stay indoors girl
thank you well then I don't want to I
don't want it I'm gonna step here as
they poop on PP and our guys she's gone
okay we're coming oh did he file down
the post that was there no he cut it
that's the name Angela first got to it
was the one I told you that uh you were
going to live the good life
Hey
whoa Lala he's expelled it up what a
fucking amazing dude oh it's cold with a
swimming port I would get in this right
now so I'm so hot
thank you so much brother this is so
cool
Bart is a genius he made it fit look at
we have no space but it's like perfectly
not touchy
oh it is touching the does that matter
dr. Boyle - it doesn't matter it was an
electrician okay and there's like no
wiggle room although because we got
honey buns a little oh shit okay and
you're going to be with him okay yeah
nice talking to you
all right well that's the bear Casa
update so that'll be nice I probably
can't get in a jacuzzi that's too hot um
just because it's not good for the baby
because I'm going to be boiling this
child but right now it's not hot we're
going to keep it at a very low
temperature and we'll keep it like a
swimming pool so I could be in swimsuit
pool I give you this so I'm going to eat
I got to get off of this thing hey
carefully I don't want this childís
just fly out even though biologically
sounds like that but
mmm I'm gonna grab okay so I have half
of it on besides all the baby stuff
that's coming in and so excited about
yeah usually cute we have a little car
seat and then the stroller for a little
it's not a car seat sorry it's a carrier
and then down there is this base and
then a little stroller to place the
carrier it's going to hold the baby
so that's a lot another thing we got we
kind of to say it's really cool I look
like this and a buffet basically is like
that seeing that sprays your little bum
bum fucking butthole in your little
puss-puss and your little ball balls and
it squirts water up in there and it
cleans it all up so experience is it's
like if you use wet wet wipes I like the
little baby wipes to wipe your freakin
butt after you dukes
like how you swing um yeah after you
Dukes then you're probably doing it
wrong bro you should probably use either
some sort of wet wipes or a wet napkin
or a birthday because your butt feels
amazing so um got one of those because
once I give labor you know your vagina's
going to get fucking obliterated so I
won't be able to wipe form in it so as
you want to get a spray from your little
badge match so that I don't have to wipe
like freaking hard and damage such as
said such a sensitive area but that's
not even the video trying to talk about
that sidetracked because I have fucking
a DD but so we installed this little guy
which is really cool put any male cheese
or whatever and it's right when you walk
in the front door but be here if you
want to change yourself up
I was oh yeah
pops I got me this little hand which is
really cool anyway that's all again
fucking EDD and then I got so it'll
mirror that I'll start putting pictures
around it and it's uh I don't even know
what I'm gonna do with this guy yet have
no clue but hey hey
and then last but actually sunglasses
one more but it's getting built still um
discovered here oh and I think it might
be done but no this what do you think
you like it I like it okay this is the
last piece that was assembled today and
it's so cute and I can't wait to show
you um here it is my vanity look at how
beautiful this is ignore that I'm going
to get an outlet or something installed
to hide it but just to show you guys so
just ignore that but look at this I love
it so much and I get to put stuff here
makes it disappear and then my little
makeup mirror and it's cool cuz I can
adjust it whoa sorry yeah I can do it a
little bit or a lot turn it off there it
is look at this and I love the handles
this was actually sent to me by this
company impressions vanity calm and um
they also set me ah the touch Pro which
is another mirror it's really cool
because it's bluetooth so I can play my
makeup while I put on my makeup like
this it I could do my makeup on my
makeup and then I should connect my
tunes my music to this and it'll play it
as I'm putting on my makeup it's so cool
thank you so much and precious vanity um
definitely check them out if you're
trying to look for vanity as you can see
this is gorgeous
look at this handle cuz how it shines
Oh
I'm so in love look at all this storage
space I don't even have that much makeup
but now I have to buy it with the hex oh
that was my bad I have to buy makeup I
love it I love it love it love it love
it oh thank you so much I've been
needing this I'm so excited I'm freaking
excited
I think there's my favorite part and I
could see what's going on in here oh I
love it look how beautiful as it is so
again
shut up to impression vanity check them
out you won't regret it impression
battery's calm um yeah you think you
love it so much
you big cutie Adam you're always next to
me cousin always next to me you know
wonderful supporters sister produced a
freakin cutest ever since I've got
gotten pregnant it's like she became my
personal bodyguard like she will not
leave my side ever and the other two
freaking fur balls are in the closet
over there oh that's me um but she'll
stay right here the entire night right
next to me
but speaking of cute I was talking to
Murray who's a friend and also our
fashion illustrator and she was talking
about how she's going to go pick up her
daughter from UCR which is a city that
is about like 40 to an hour away from
where we live and she was saying how
she's really sad because in a blink of
an eye her kids just grow up and they're
you know leaving the nest
and she's like where did the time go
like time just flies by so fast
she's like you blink and they're all
grown up and I'm like oh my god I can't
imagine us even though now I feel more
like a mom than ever because I like I'm
absolutely crazy madly in love with this
child of mine that I've never even met
so to start imagining this boy leaving
us already breaks my freaking heart some
relay
this story and I'm telling the story to
Paul there and this is exactly what he
says what the hell going on today
I was Richard well it's pretty much
saying that I can't wait for a baby boy
that go off to college I'm been wanting
to spend some quality time with my bear
and so that point is to get the hell out
of the house
he hasn't even gotten out of this out he
needs to fend for show he's still in
this
he's still in the air he has all got
them at a soft Malcolm region on Myanmar
Air look it's very Airy in honor to him
I'll bet can spend some quality hunters
these days we hustle you know we hustle
really hard and I'm trying to build a
future with mama bear and I do enjoy
things here and there but not enough
I'll go to hang out Marburg downtown
Vegas on the daily pulling slot machines
and just wandering our life away so I
need to get that guy out of my fucking
way
oh my gosh I'm breaking out some quality
time
all right to the future baby bear I'm
sorry your father does not know anything
not tired and you know he's not tired
and oh you're the hell of the goddamn
house
yeah he's hasn't even left the womb yet
that's the last time I'll pay for your
plugs in college that's it that's a lot
of money up spending I'll get the hell
out of here go go freakin book doing
your stuff here art was tired of reason
here freaking buzzing I'm in your bubble
but I mean thank you your mama gotta
spend quality time together
Kimmy is that you said over 50 years old
no usually retired 65 I'm done of attire
Lee oh well at weight hmm maybe I'll be
close to retire 50 on the awesome 50 huh
yeah that means this boy will be 50 oh
he'll be in his 2005 is
I miss him already you're gonna be in
his 20s yeah it's going to be something
out there going to be this fucking
hoochie who's going to be wanting to
play with like plan and I hate a hater
Ari I hate all this fucking feature
don't think our fuckin baby is gonna be
that mentally son sir he's gonna be
played which isn't well but it's dad
what we're talking about
what would you did you playing with I
was all up in the hooch Magoo ch that's
tombs get out any items my virginity top
15 I was a late bloomer oh my god
what I lost it when I was in college Oh
necie what the hell damn but I still got
better moves in you I didn't know you're
a nun oh yeah I'm what the heck straight
nun and over there why are you go uh
most guys are like happy oh no I'm
tireless religious target running out of
me love you called me in here's a
freaking loose little fucking loose
nickel a mongoose
you just regroup on the streets and we
have to grow up early okay I grew up in
outside I didn't grow up early well
that's because you had loving parents so
did you my parents were home because
they'd love you so hard they're working
their asses they also live in different
places so they couldn't watch me so of
course I'm going to go to the liquor
store that's down the Tilted with the
miners duh oh my god this conversations
breaking my heart all right
future baby boy I love you get the hell
out of a half-foot boot and your dad has
no say when you leave this house you
have no say whoa fine I'm leavin you're
not leaving this house it's too
comfortable I love you too much to leave
I'm fine all right well on that note
it's a pair
somebody's tired and wants to go to
sleep and wants me to shut the hell up
so I just want to say thank you guys so
much for watching I really appreciate
every single one of you guys keep
leaving us love on our Instagram and in
the comments below I actually read all
of that stuff and I really really
appreciate it when you guys leave
nothing but positivity because the way
I've been getting your guys's emails and
messages about how you have a rough day
and just watching our videos makes you
really really happy the same shit
happens to me I don't know if it got
deep on there but if I'm ever having a
rough day because I'm human too I read
some of your guys's positive comments
and it makes me feel so uplifted and and
so supported that I just want to say
thank you so on that note have a good
night good morning good afternoon good
evening and see you guys tomorrow
