I don't even know if I should be worried
any sandals right now I haven't cut my
toenails in a long time little guys holy
shit go answer answer up early now these
guys the one on the left all mammals
three right there those that look
hideous
I got those guys um and boot camp so I
didn't have a I believe there's like a
fungal fungal infection I just never
really got around to getting rid of it I
think if you just buy one of those foot
soak things and I'll get rid of it I
just never got around to it but I got it
in boot camp because I'm boot camp we go
on these crazy hikes that are like five
miles 10 miles 15 20 miles and since you
don't have time to shower or sleep that
much you just have your foot pretty much
just boiling in its own juices in a
combat boot and so I had those fun
little things on my toes for the past
over ten years ever since boot camp and
doesn't really bother me to the itch or
anything like that but as they grow out
they look fucking hideous
you know they always tell you don't let
your life be defined by material things
and happiness should come with come from
within which I am a hundred percent in a
grandson but I really love this car
every time I get in and I'm just like
man this car is is very very well made
for someone that likes design and
attention to detail it's just like damn
look at the trim just makes me really
happy and all these things are material
but it's just like yep that looks dope
yep that looks dope all that looks dope
the back seat either looks dope cuz I
can sit two people back there it's not
even a bench seat there's just literally
four bucket seats in here
there's four bucket seats in here so I
think life is truly all about balance
like anytime you hear one of those
things that's completely on the left or
completely on the right one where it's
like fucking motions don't let the
emotions get the best of you set your
goal and be ruthless and then there's
people that are like hey don't let life
be defined by material things or by your
goals it's about the journey having
actually those people giving that advice
they're giving it to people that need it
but I feel like most people are somewhat
in the middle would you use a little bit
of this and use a little bit of that
because I was just as happy when I had a
bucket and then I forgot the portion I
was happier for sure for a little bit
and then you get used to it you know and
even in this car I get used to it except
when I step on the accelerator down
there and the hundred kilometer 50
horses come out then I don't get used to
it but then even even then I'm starting
to used to all my should I check my car
and bring up to six hundred but um I
think life is all about balance and it
definitely makes getting to work a lot
more fun just got to the gym
tired of fuck but I'll be on a minute
you're finished training went really
well
but going good MA bridges came in and so
did the rest of our gym sock keep
working the front desk right now Amy and
Michael they're looking at beautiful
landscapes again are you going to look
for a place to go on vacation for the
next Thursday oh oh you know you pull
this up yeah that's cool baby strap oh
my gosh good idea
you doing here oh they're having a
meeting okay see you guys later
close it yogurt I'm horrible bum Aloha
I'm hardcore true athletes wear sweaters
yes oh yeah that's why you have one too
you later all right
what how come everyone standing around
yet oh my god hello suddenly your list
video see when is the worst actor in the
world huh I have a best acting world
worth asking if you here mark my words
if you follow my total to Turkey I
guarantee you in a clot q85 plus and all
400 bench 135 plus but if you don't fall
to the teeth or show up at the meeting
even have a shitty me today I'm the
first person in the office that's really
rare turn on the light so all the lights
are off the ACL is off is feeling kind
of Hawking I got to go turn on the AC on
the other side too I got dual zone a/c
we got AC in the front and then ace in
the best we could save a save energy
and we have lights that operate the back
to sandwich
and then everyone always closes these
curtains at night it's because we have
these crazy my homeless and the
crackheads and stuff but it looks like
really really shed and depressingly the
closer I become always the one opening
it and then it's usually the girls that
are always closing it because they feel
scared at night not that they can break
through these this is really tough and
there's metal bars in between so even
sake broke the glass he can't come in
but girls are always going to be scared
time to set to a CLO hot but there's
that 79 degrees okay oh yeah like that's
good
73 say 334 335 bullshit cool time to
pick shot our movie it just keeps
getting crazier and crazier we just keep
getting more more posted everywhere
that's pretty much the premise of the
movie is about posted so we thought that
we had another failed movie because we
start moving number two on the right but
then we visited the old one which is
good to keep rough draft and now we
merge this one with this one with while
adding some new shit so we're back on
track
movie is going good would you guys say
or no oh yeah I feel good I like for the
last month at the end of each meeting I
left feeling more confused than when I
started
very good but then now I just feel a big
relief because we went through this
whole thing and all the missing elements
that we added with this it worked out
and then we were able to focus in on
what were the problem areas yeah and
maybe it was good that we took a little
break
because we were able to marinate and
like come back and refocus and say what
is the main thing we're trying to do
here are we trying to fucking
discuss about how many buttons another
jacket should have or you know like
what's the main point and I think when
you're so into something that micro
Michael shit fucks with your head yeah
but now I feel like we really got
something all I gotta do clean it up
we had a really strong skeleton yeah
we're off to a slow start today though
we're like three hours of staring and
throwing ideas back up with each other
wasn't really going anywhere but this is
a good place to end stuff movie is still
going strong just got home after a long
days of work god I sound so old that's
not old people talk that's what all dad
say you know they go just got home from
not that all dad's law or anything but
kids did you know your dad works so hard
today huh mom over the bikini you're
making the baby famous yeah it did work
pretty hard to do my first meeting was
at 10:00 a.m. and then so I was in
meetings from 10 all the way to PI back
to that connects agonize I'm back he
looks really beautiful this lighting
right now that means mandatory zoom in
oh it's so beautiful
freedom fucking force themselves to fit
in a little Africa teeny big bozo not a
very productive day I'm going to do my
second session cardio right now in the
home gym so um I'm gonna call it a day
see you guys tomorrow
ah
