all right just got home from Target and
I had to go to Target because I needed
to buy a couple things for my hospital
maternity bag so basically is when I
start going into labor I have to get
rush to the hospital and I'm probably
just in the hospital for like a day or
two but um I can't walk out in my
regular clothes and who knows what's
going to happen to my underwear because
from what I've heard and I'm sure you
guys have seen tons of movies um the
moms water breaks but it doesn't always
necessarily break it's a complicated
thing but um so I had to buy underwear I
got a cheap comfy PJ's I'm going to wash
my robe I'm going to get bunch of
toiletries I could wash up a little bit
before I come home it's just shit ton of
stuff to think about guys it's crazy
like it's crazy so I just got back from
Target and I'm going to start washing a
bunch of like the PJ stuff I bought um
an underwear that I bought and this is
like that was a little little last girl
it's one of the first times that I
bought underwear that are huge like that
covers my whole ass I usually live in
thongs because I love songs but I got my
grandma drawers on and if you wear
grandma drawers shit that don't mean a
damn thing is still sexy it just was
never for me but now that I'm going to
go through this whole thing I got me
some grandma's drawers and it's just
horrible man what else like on panties
yeah panting I'm gonna called grandma
drawers that sounds horrible
grandma can be sexy too shit but anyway
yeah I'm gonna start getting this shit
washed and hopefully by today I'll have
my labor hospital bag ready to go
alright so in the middle of packing um
for the hospital bag I told you is about
Papa Bear came through clutch and fact
you guys might not know about me is I
used to be vegetarian and Bart's mom is
vegetarian on so when I was vegetarian
one of my favorite restaurants was this
Chinese restaurant called happy feminist
in Monterey Park and yeah she
and so I would frequent that place like
multiple times a week and I just had
this random craving for it so um I asked
Paul beare and pabre it's very familiar
again because of his mama and this is
what we got
what is this we got straight-up
vegetarian feast don't mess with this
one oh these are lettuce wrap you don't
mind please my hands like of course I do
just get your own promise yes I don't
remember seeing you washing I did I do
wash them
I'll just get my own thank you um people
also a lot in part Middle Eastern and
that's why you Stern people like you
that okay cool I'll just get my own
things and this is shredded pork with
being cards but it's not really pork
because it's all vegetarian cold
deep-fried tofu mustard greens with bean
curd yeah uh sauteed string beans and I
don't know this one what should I throw
me out and then doesn't air battle ki
upon tofu races cheer by doleful PA baan
tofu yes gondol so judo guardian Sujit
Oh perfect this is ha Oh what ha ha tofu
what a dummy fried deep fried perfect
becomes easy why this one is uh without
it it's getting cold policy you can't
keep a pregnant woman waiting this long
a hungry man rages long either
yep I'm gonna grab what sucks is I
barely had two bites and the hot tub
that I ordered three weeks ago again
deliver now I'm starving so I'm just
gonna stuff a couple of pieces and don't
drip it everywhere please it is really
light over there
oh my muffin as you can oh shit
gunshot okay okay now stop people being
over there holy shit that peppers hot oh
there it is huge
I think bigger than I thought wow how
much does that thing weigh 600 Oh fine
damn these guys are pros oh they have
the experience and the tools and the
knowledge to move this thing if I got
the homeys together we probably just
crash into the wall and drop it on the
floor somehow damn look at that pallet
it's all bent I think it's really heavy
but call smart these guys are so at
first I had no idea how they're going to
bring it but then they're laying this
plywood over the bumpy odds blower so
now they can roll the wheels over and
then they can bring it over there with a
cement in late yeah
you guys know where the front or the
back is but they're even approach the
control counter you mean right yeah yeah
yeah yeah I should be up here okay cool
and that's tight thank you make sure you
have the right the right room to be able
to drop it I measured it supposed to fit
how much room we have
I think it's like 8 by 7 or something
Marva is being very very nice to me
right now she knows that I can't eat
which is making me a CUNY little lettuce
wrap thank you
so I can't eat this food on the go while
I check up on the hot tub teeth they
yummy so we did mmm run into one problem
I ordered the hot tub sizings
to perfectly where it literally fits
like two inches away from the wall
sweeping so now we got to figure out we
could bring it in because I completely
forgot that you have to like put it down
you know it's there simply because it
fits the meeting to fit with movement so
now their goal is to bring it in this
way standing straight up rotate it
hopefully there's enough space in here
to rotate it might be too big we just
hit stuff died so we need to rotate it
bring it here and then set it down so
I'm hoping with their years of expertise
they can do it have everything set up
hope it works to this knot I'm going to
have to hire a crane to pick it up and
then twist it in the air and then set it
back down but hopefully this works it's
moving it's moving yeah let's see all
right
fingers crossed hopefully it works I'm
going to bring it in through here little
by little
dan I think looks like it barely fits to
the door shit more trick
they got more tricks up their sleeve so
after they slide that hot tub over that
word they have a little dolly there to
hopefully catch it and then I think
they're going to try to rotate it there
and come over here once it comes over
here I think I might have to help out
too just to be sure
because Oh another dolly that looks
safer safer already just because I don't
want to damage anything the house or the
thing
I completely forgot that I should have
ordered smaller size so you can rotate
it but if if this is gonna fit perfectly
like a glove here we come
then that's been fairly busy all right
and changing the door
holy locating one still nice and easy
rotate
yeah
and I hope you bring that here
and drainages on same time okay so what
do you wanna uh whatever it's gonna be
easier know whatever you want Oprah it's
a sorry yeah sorry sorry so we already
here is how easy but we right now is the
right time to do this we will come this
way
that's drainage lane at the drainage be
over here so you turn that way yeah you
can drop in a store here another pit
yeah whatever the easiest way to fit it
okay just put on a four day hundred if
you want you need to turn it turn it
okay look just hit eject yeah without
wet have to drop uses that's a help
rinoa for that is it alright alright
okay okay now we got back your wing and
if you ever been to school can we go out
and see a house yeah okay oh you know
what yes no we're gonna hammer I call
doc so the hot tubs done I want you to
see a mud bath because you're going to
be enjoying it with me
eventually I hope so I can't right now
I know you're very you're hot you're hot
yeah you ended it perfect I know it
literally fits you perfectly
look at that whole thing literally fits
right there
so right there I measured it and and
this won't be bad that it has barely any
air no it's fine are you sure yeah Wow
damn logs coming how big it is
oh yeah parties in here oh my god the
demon Evan are going to love it I just
got to wash it read the directions
hook it up that's awesome
are you happy yeah I'm very happy your
dream to get to relax in our backyard
yeah boss along the dog poop over there
that's beautiful I know I said they'd
all take a shit
is that nice very well it's very nice oh
the touches I thought very very nice I'm
a little bit jealous a kid you'll build
it
we could jump in like a month two months
to it yeah it's okay cool
the jabber you did a good job it's like
perfectly yeah you're nuts you're
fucking nuts or my notes made it all
happen so it's much guys for the crazy
shit is happening right now we're about
to assemble our stroller and it's crazy
to me because I've never had to assault
this hard like this level of adulting is
like no turning back like once you have
a kid that's it you're like a forever at
all I do this before so you do min this
is those really no no I don't know shit
about any of the stuff that I bought I
solely relied on the Internet and
reviews and then I just started
observing what other moms were using and
there seems to be no real standard but
when I was reading reviews people have
like their particular dis I guess to
them usually what I would have done is
when I searched any vices did you type
in tactical in front of it and now exfo
carzy or tactical baby stroller no see
that's the standard people don't know
how I would have type in tactical but
tactical does not coexist with peaceful
is good no it doesn't tactical looks
tactical and it feels tactical in its
run yeah this is stylized so I ended up
going with the city mini gt single so
it's the baby jogger that's what I went
with
um I saw it on the streets a lot the
reviews are really cool so I was just
like going with that so I don't know
we'll see how I like it so far I like
the color that it thinks oh don't force
it please never never do you always
always don't know you want to look at
the instruction no that's what they're
there for
well you got pool that why you got pool
it alone uh you don't know how to do it
it's probably locked yeah careful
I don't know what side is what you might
not want to put it on the floor because
your child is going in that there's a
lot of dogs for video what are we doing
Papa don't we just set up this stroller
and this is our baby strollers so I want
to make sure that it's ready for a baby
in our lifestyle I don't know about this
I don't know what you're gonna do to the
sir what does that mean you're going to
run and fucking closer look of fabric
locker in here it's not you can see your
kid
all cool and they could see I just want
to make sure that this thing is fit for
our lifestyle fuck you're gonna break it
I'm just walking no you're not you're
gonna run with all our neighbors oh shit
you're gonna run you're gonna go fuck
you through the sidewalk I already know
you already know you proved me wrong
oh I'm here let me shit the front wheel
is also table is not even on the fucker
is that prove me wrong you prove me
right it is amazing Roger Staubach what
the fuck I told you hello hi it's
perfect ok fine one more time I hope you
never do that with the actual child in
there because then it's gonna fuck
alright let's see
because don't fit I mean the baby can
walk together oh fuck there goes his
head you could kill their child or this
guy's oh my god guys I think we're ready
for this our baby's gonna die in his
head there you go
all right now did it pass the test roars
nimbala front wheel uh when you were
running this fungal wasn't even on the
ground you're just on two wheels you can
adjust this to yeah yeah yeah
I like it good choice mama nice and that
it's light should we do the ultimate
press now don't even know what the
ultimate test is fire no water with us
is connecting this to the back of a car
explore no no I think we're going to see
how well the baby strollers stays on the
ground no no we're good we're good thank
you
thanks for the test God tests us no
that's a good one you need to I think
you really did all the rigorous so those
the red ones that'll pop it off every
time I go somewhere pop it off whoa dang
like this baby in half I just get then
I'm ready to go grab it are you failing
me you're felling exile what will you
did before
there you go happen rose rich that
wasn't me get off the phone
click it and then
then alright guys so we have a baby Bell
womb baby bear womb update and this time
it's not this wall back here we've been
working on and by we I mean papa bear
this wall that we're working on what are
you doing cutie papa
I'm putting the leaves on the branch you
painting it no it's a decal I know isn't
it fucking cute look good that's amazing
yeah I can't wait for it to finish put
the leaves on I just put the branch on
you have a slight gap and kind of get
rid of it no I'm sorry I can't see you
freaking barely baby berry oh my god so
I'm trying to get rid of sight gap
there's no gas just pretend it's not
there you can't see it I put the wax on
over I just put the leaves on yanan is a
baby fail with mushroom am i doing a
good job doing a great job and then on
this side is a little deer we're going
to throw a fox a squirrel more branches
I know there's an owl there then we have
to put the face on one by one
yeah they're all like pieces so I have
to like go through and then put these
little things on yeah and then I just
spent some time organizing this little
area and I figure I would do with this
area not so much more or less I think
yeah I think we're doing a good job
you're doing a great job top of all this
yes
I'm gonna put this little squirrel on
God dang it here keep going I thought
you were hungry I am hungry are you
hungry but you're motivated right are
you hungry to go now if your honor roll
keep going I just want to get a couple
of animals on day they're fine keep
going for what we put this score a lot
I'm going to watch you put up yeah okay
well how are you going to know where to
put it on if there's a squirrel I mean a
branch oh it's different now
all this is a different oh shit
different world
yeah fuck this isn't easy not easy
there's another one here okay that's the
what I was looking for damn these
fucking zynga not easy
oh yeah I was running up oh and this one
does this one do oh this one's like
eating or something so fucking cute what
makes you guys memorize all of these
animal names as soon as you get them on
top of squirrel here we're Coon this
team doesn't stick really well so I
gotta like pretty much put this thing on
fire before it works and there's a
specific technique that I said
practicing I know because this I which
it shouldn't be sticky is just as sticky
as the other side of the house dick here
some of them as always Chloe would pull
the decal off I'm so dumb well I'm
definitely not going to recommend this
side to you guys I want you guys to go
through the same nightmare parts agonies
oh shit how beautiful
good doing part Mexican I was born into
this Christmas I'm a man that only a
Mexican can do a job like that it's so
cool these little guys mostly yeah so
this one's named Paco Paco the squirrel
all over the school
yeah that one looks like a Betty this
year
Paco and Betty are on the side what's
this guy's name
Bobo the bear
yeah what's this guy's name was a
raccoon wobba yeah
oh shit we got wah bah buh buh Paco
wah bah like a raba Oh wah bah yeah WOB
ber wah bah buh buh Paco
Betty and pop it looks nice looks great
dad pick a good one yeah it's a really
good
you can't wait til it's all done has
more leaves and branches yay cool room
alright there it is I'm a charter tea
bag it's ready to go that's scary
it's so scary to me I packed the cuny
grandma drawers I told you guys about
PJs a change of clothes when I come back
some toiletries the baby clothes on cuz
she'll need to be wearing something
comfy because they just have them in the
hospital gear and it's sometimes issue
for them so have that a blanket for the
baby um I got like socks I think that's
all I put in there Oh shoes comfy shoes
when I come back he's crazy
it could out to be a few more weeks left
or oh shit All Right see you later I
think I disturbed
I had to service Leigh it's got to be a
few more weeks or it could be any day
now so this is scary dude
but yeah I'm slowly getting ready I'm
getting there ha ha ha but anyways guys
thank you so much for watching today and
spending your time with me it was quite
an awesome day for me and hopefully an
insightful one for you whether it is
you're planning to have a baby you know
in the next few months or planning have
a baby within the next 10 years who
knows hopefully I've been able to shed
some sort of light on what the whole
process is it's I don't know what I'm
doing I swear like all I've been doing
is just googling shit so um if you're
new parent out there or going through
what I'm going through like hey I'm just
as lost as you are so hopefully I've
been able to give you some two cents and
just a little bit of insight and a
couple things but yeah I'm going to try
to keep you guys posted as much as
possible instead sport I have fun the
question if I'm going to record the
actual labor I think that's kind of
weird to put that online like why would
you why would I want to show you guys my
vagina and - why would you guys want to
see that that's kind of nasty so um no I
will not be putting that up online but I
will be doing like a post type of thing
obviously I love you guys I want to
share my shirt with you guys but anyways
thank you again for watching see you
guys tomorrow have good morning good
afternoon and awesome evening good night
