the first thing I'm going to do to fix
up my car is get tint because I'm going
to get black wheels so it looks funny
with like everything all clear and the
theme I'm going to go for is gray and
black filmography on me in the car over
there I'm going to drop off this car and
then me and mother are going to go to
our doctor's appointment to check up on
the baby - this - why these are your
basic films you know I think based on
now none of our number films bubble kill
or discolor yeah they all have like a
morally particular ink base there's no
actual Hardware quality that cloud the
IR learning scheme part I see let me
stick to these and up my talk love with
the white hood it is shiny oh yeah I
don't like that they and it does fit
wonky so next Apple will be instrumental
music ends like from Metallica pretty
good I mean that's like it's a real high
key rejection what's the difference
between the ceramic and then premium
ceramic this is just stronger the
electronic it's just confident it's one
brand better than the other
no actually the formula one is also made
by Lamar okay just like that it's like
say prairie public
this cap gosh yeah so it's only wedding
company but they never get specialized
episome it's like you
right here all the tickle yeah that
Heidi rejection stuff so it's limo all
the way up to light yeah and then you
also have your see check this is what
you having a truck left I'm just two
doors that we did yeah yeah so this is
VP X all the way to the mall with like
so all good so I ended up going with a
pinnacle 30 it's slightly darker than
Gio's car but lighter than the truck
because sometimes when I'm driving on
the truck that it's all black everywhere
at nighttime I have a hard time seeing
and that's not Tuesday and G little bit
too light for me because you can still
kind of see who is driving sometimes I
want to be incognito so I think this is
gonna be the best bet since both shops
got mutters yeah most people get your
get your knife yeah and start trimming
out the window yeah and I mean normally
ninety percent of times everything's
good every once in a while because
things happen knife slips here and there
or you're not get cut things like that
so to prevent that that's what the power
comes in because the hall windows stay
organic shape exactly Wow
but no more knife will be an outsider
glass that's them and then we've a
plectrum inside of me all good and this
this program right here Wow
has every single window in every
different version and size and Remsen
car even cars I'll be there heard of are
on there oh cool yeah it's pretty cool
that's sick yeah so but yeah frameless
windows we don't have to worry you don't
have
I need to worry about if you have no
trimming anytime I need ten I always go
to g5 me too beginning yeah um actually
I think did you find it I did
I think Jill found it so back in the day
before we were more financially set we
were looking for tent for cars and I
needed to get ten on my old Tahoe if you
guys remember that I had like the beige
Tahoe geo had an accord we need to get
ten on those guys and then Jill found g5
and so ever since then because of the
quality was so good the quality of work
that we kept coming here and it's close
to that g5 has grown because not only do
they have al hombro location which is
known that we used to go to now that
this Pasadena one and so the the Beamer
has it the truck has it now I got the
rs7 we get ten on that and then we even
recommend it David we got a test so that
he had got ten from here and always
looks for Kimbo he is the guy is very
informative it doesn't try to upsell and
anything is super dope we're going to go
check up on the baby now just pulled up
at our OBGYN last time we got in trouble
from filming in the Medical Center so we
can't film we're going to go see the
doctor and then we'll update you on the
news afterwards yes
how did the appointment go so the point
was great it was more of just uh just
checking in on the baby
so all they really do at this point is
um they just check his heartbeat you
check my blood pressure to make sure
that I'm not like fucking going out of
whack yeah so I'm normal interpreter
going out of whack yeah and then um the
baby's heartbeat is perfectly normal and
then I just spoke to my doctor about
like picking potential pediatricians
through so that he can recommend his
because he's obviously in the field so
he knows he knows who's good in his on
because I love him I feel like anyone he
would
and would be just as awesome as he is so
everything's good everything's normal
he says just stay active and because
you're tall you're going to have a
really good earth easy birth he also
stuck some q-tips up garbage I was
getting what was that all about
uh he didn't stick it in my vagina if he
did he did not still get him their song
well I felt it and he didn't he just
grazed the vagina and the but but yeah
before I death no but can you be quiet
for this um so he just grazed it so this
is my butt and this is my vagina he just
did this thing with the q-tip what a
freak okay I'm done right so basically
what happens is the mom certain moms can
create this bacteria there can carry
this bacteria and it doesn't affect the
mom in any sort of way so it's not like
a yeast infection it's none of that
stuff is just a bacteria and if she has
that bacteria and the doctors don't know
about it then as she's delivering the
baby vaginally that bacteria gets on the
baby and it can cause a whole bunch of
complications and health issues on this
baby so they they found this I think in
the 70s he said so now the precaution is
Boonville test and they'll swab for the
bacteria and if they find out that you
have it then when you go into delivery
then they give you a shot of penicillin
and it doesn't harm the baby at all but
on that kills the bacteria and then the
baby's born no issues so they did and
then we just talked to the stem rot stem
cell research people and that's really
cool but basically all it is is they'll
collect the blood stems from the baby's
umbilical cord so it's non-invasive to
the mom non-invasive to the baby you
literally just take what they need like
the the blood and the tissue from the
umbilical cord they save that and they
stay what is it what kind of freezing
cryo well no I don't know their necks
across yeah yeah they'll just freeze it
um so whenever there is like any sort of
diseases that I have or Bart has or
Bart's parents or my parents or my kids
have then and I need blood or I need
some tissues and they're going to be the
perfect donors obviously because there
are
babies um and they freeze it if we need
it then it's ours we use it
bada-bing bada-boom let's go yeah chilly
dope and it lasts forever
like for life sounds awesome I thought
that was really cool and right now we're
about to head over to the hospital where
I will be admitted once I go into labor
and it's really convenient because I'm
in the parking lot of where my OBGYNs
offices and it's literally right across
the street drew that's right it's
literally right there it's a pretty
hotel hotel huge it look like oh that
there's like a hotel or like a my going
Hollywood studio yeah so we're going to
drive over there now and just kind of um
get familiar with the space so that when
the time comes we're not panicking and
trying to figure shit out ain't already
a panic state yo
right now we're calm cool collected
gonna go do a walk-through make sure we
know what we're doing
on a sidenote they had free coffee today
and they had a UH it's okay got a
barista my knowledge no don't sneeze
resist okay alright they had a barista
there so I was gonna get a vanilla latte
and then I saw dirty child I put dirty
chai so it's pretty much a chai latte
with a shot of espresso I highly
recommend this is bomb it's not
Starbucks woo time to pick up the car
and Dan that ten makes the ride look
aggressive Sam whoa look at that
muguruza damn hell yeah and then once I
get the black wheels right here Oh boom
I'm working with the dope company on
wheels right now so it's going to be
custom and it's HRE it's going to be a
matte black dish so the face of it right
there isn't matte black but then the lip
and then the inner barrels going to be
gloss black and all the hardware is
going to be gloss black is going to make
this oh the man
yeah looks awesome that looks sick thank
you thank you thank you yeah this looks
nice I like all you could still kind of
be inside yeah that shadow look like
you're parking or a tree or something
yeah yeah that's right if you actually
come down you can actually see through
the car yeah that's what I wanted
because I don't want it where it's
completely just limo I want it to have
like a little bit of mystery like I can
kind of see inside but I kind of can't I
can make out some outlines but I don't
really know what's inside and I'm
getting up black wheels with it so it's
going to look really good and then the
center caps and I'm getting is going to
be carbon fiber to match the carbon
fiber trim that's on it because I got
carbon fiber here and right here
that looks awesome I just can't roll
down the windows for a couple days I had
two days you know when you open the
doors windows go up a little bit yeah
access all that parked right up but uh
after the full roll down wave like
honestly like a day maybe the end of the
day because it's so hot yeah should be
fine but uh normally we did two days
okay thank you so awesome man and damn
Kimball killed it with the tin job look
at this woo me
damn you see that difference look look
at that and then oh we should look at
come over here actually King there Ted
really blocked up a lot of the UV rays
of Sun lay down my car's going to be so
much cooler now especially my hot
California Sun if you're ever in the
Alhambra Pasadena area there's two shops
so in each one of them make sure you
check out g5 hit after kimball means
super dope always clean work lifetime
warranty on the work so make sure you
check that out oh and I like that even
put the sticker down so you don't you
don't accidentally roll down the window
for your post let it bake for two days
so that's really build great attention
to detail love them I got my little
manufacturers what do you need on time
it'll get some lunch
so lunch time we brought Jacob to get
from katsu is this quite as deep as
Costco you can get you know in LA all
over the world actually ever had nothing
I never had coffee boy so these my
existence itself it's pretty much fried
chicken like a fried chicken color and
you would take that piece of chicken and
dip it into the song after he either
make this yellow pepper if it was
chocolate yeah and then you Varitek me
at the mine oh yeah I need to evenly
distribute this yet and then you grab
the chicken Cutler
got it any dipper and then just swing
them off and just have the time
Wow sometimes really good yeah a bruiser
I I personally think this fuzzy place is
the best in the world where do we go and
in Japan right oh yeah and that was the
best of Japan and this is better than
the best in Japan yet we went to like it
was his place in Japan where I look like
$30 a plate or something like this and
this one was better but you would like
to eat your dream did you see in fact
yes and this place is better in my
opinion
Wow do you remember if you like that one
better I don't remember if I'm listening
do you remember what you like yeah I
like this place did you think we'll put
it back that what what I was like a like
a radical I usually go on this love a
spicy salad yes time mate he's rolling
yeah oh
I said I'll even tell me well we had a
beautiful day did you smash your
president oh the transit even means yes
it was ah let me finish
so as you guys call we had a beautiful
day hung out with some of our beautiful
friends this is beautiful fun I hope you
guys enjoyed our day and parts cuny
beautiful music unit car yeah bad ass so
I'm setting off from bed quad basic one
point a big coin point in that guy's I
know you're really good like I told you
this is the music order is really good
let me find you one foot swear I think
it would mean those below I just wanna
make your buddy face but thank you guys
so much for watching I hope your head in
the pitiful morning afternoon nice thank
you
this one
