you know what's funny these letters on
the side of my backpack just keeps
growing and growing and growing
originally I put those letters on the
side of my backpack
so that I can remind myself that I must
read it must read it by the end of the
day or the end of the week but before I
get a chance to read it I add another
letter on top of it and not have a whole
staff but the good news is all these are
pretty much the same thing so I signed
up for a American Express Platinum Card
they send me an invitation also woohoo
because I think a couple years ago maybe
even two or three years ago I try to
apply for the gold card because I heard
of all the benefits it has like it could
get you into a bunch of airport lounges
you can get you a ton of free upgrades
like I have some buddies of mine that I
don't know if it's the platinum or the
gold but pretty much every single time
to buy economy to get the upgrade them
the only one who can't get is when he
buys like a last minute red-eye ticket
to somewhere then it's already booked so
you can't get acquitted to first class
or business but almost every other
flight if he buys the economy gets
immediately upgraded gets really good
points back and so I applied for a gold
one and I got the client and so now they
invited me to come back to they know I
was like that I'm trying to level up in
life and they probably been scoping out
what I've been doing so they're like oh
yo this dude he's like he's worth
platinum I'm saying like before he was
like kind of like a president but an
artist fools moving up in life and shit
you know I'm saying so maybe we try to
hook this fool up I was about to say
nigga you can't say nigga about that but
even though I grew up that way and you
know when I was fifteen everybody at the
school said nigga you can't see a nigga
no more but they buy all this nigga's
fucking you know he's leveling up so I
apply and I got it day but then now it
comes with an entire book of fuckin
business it's kind of cool and then it's
also kind of tedious at the same time
because people usually get the platinum
cards a hella busy right because I'm
running a business so it's cool that I
got all these fucking benefits
this whole book of benefits but the
problem is I don't have time to read all
these goddamn Kings now so it's like
shit it's almost like you know when you
spend all your money getting like this
dope sick fucking car I like yeah yeah I
got that fucking car always wanted it so
fuckin sick my dream car you get in it
and then there's like 15 million buttons
and you're like damn it I just want to
drive and then you're like kind of miss
my old bucket where you just if you want
to roll down the windows you literally
roll down the windows and if you want to
lock the door you press lock at any
closed door keep it as simple so more
money more problems
biggie knew more than he needs oh this
is so cute this reminds me of my old
swimming lesson stack so when I was a
kid I used to take certain lessons and
my mom will leave my stack of clothes
and the towel there for me to grab it
and this is my workout stack after I
work out I go to the office and then
shower and I have to bring in your towel
but I just saw this and just transformed
me back to when I was a kid
lumper just woke up I didn't just like
Oh Evan I didn't go to sleep
why did you asleep oh you woke up and
then I always have to pee at night so I
woke up to pee and then you were there
and on my proper cover and then I
thought of them are you ok and then
you're like yeah I just can't sleep and
then I just couldn't sleep anymore oh
you want proverbs ed to go to sleep
don't you know yeah you do uh-huh last
night I randomly woke up at like 3:45
a.m. I just couldn't go back to sleep I
don't know why it's got like a swarm of
ideas in my brain kept tossing and
turning so I came downstairs to work but
you know being how irresistible that I
am soon as I left the bed Marber it was
like a you threatened or she was like ah
damn my honey is gone get it
I heard me she was like what time is god
I can't sleep anymore she came out this
what are you - I might just work in yes
you did I just come downstairs I went
over to the edge she was right there
right there like that downstairs right
there right there right there you I was
over the ledge on the top floor and then
I just said are you okay or like yeah I
couldn't sleep
am i okay I came back and I went back to
bed yeah well moral of the story is kiss
Oh moral of yep yep because he loves my
miss me reversible I'm a resistible pet
and I really what the cleanest yogurt
ever yogurt and he says I thought you
must be triggered hard
sorry guys you're not coming with us to
work today
grandma's gonna come though Wow wish I
could help you your hands look so cool
but my hands are full too I'll close the
door hey why should give me that funny
look let's go like how there's a park
don't park sign there and they still
parked it where
oh yeah the sign asian stop as a nice
foreigner
we've been having some really weird
weather lately that cloud looks really
nice though but for California it's been
crazy weird so it's been sunny I'm
relatively hot the last two months and
then randomly it rained yesterday and
look not as all these like weird little
spots there's spots if we're even on the
truck - like little spots all over the
place so weird huh and then I was
watching the news last night and they're
saying that there's like the storm drain
warnings because all the sudden there's
like this flash rain which caused a
flash flood and then there's all kinds
of house damages it's really weird out
here in California first meeting is in
session is barbell brigade apparel
farmers in apparel team got Aaron Jew
and Murray myself and we've just hired a
student people graphic designer and a
production coordinator so you'll see
them later on and Murray is painting
printing printing off a bunch of special
stuff coming out of there and sneak peek
stuff that I don't even know about but
everyone's just kind of waiting on it
could you just lag it and like yay I'm
home already
today I have an early day which is so
rare which is why I stopped by
Albertine possum grocery and of course
any time I have seen a time when how to
barbecue a little bit and I think
because I've been eating these healthy
at meals all the time which doesn't have
that much flavor because you just can't
and can't pack it with calories
oh that's good but my body is missing
flavor and I think by me barbecue and I
can add a lot of flavor into the food
without increasing calories too much
compared to a restaurant so I'm gonna be
barbecuing a little bit just relaxing at
home and it's like a nice slow gradual
three four hour process so I'm just
going to enjoy being at home I'm really
really happy and also me and my Bearpaw
dadima birthday gift and it just came in
so I think later on he is going to be
coming over so I can't wait to present
them with that
no I couldn't sleep or a long time I'm
back hoods I'm sorry my opportunity it's
okay
you look so comfy on this couch ah don't
let it fool you I'm not that comfy Hey
look don't blink it so like that little
thing you got that I know I need never
like such a slob how come we didn't
change shirts you don't want to I
haven't gone upstairs I'm gonna take a
bath upstairs don't join me your help
this is it so what coffee down here the
better look too soft it's hard to move
on and this will just be graded um I'm
not bubbly yes you will I'm just laying
down a little part I was quite lucky to
what she would I am still okay good
night all right
okay let's go kiss
nope you guys missed it there you go
what's that money I know he ran past the
truck I thought that he would Oh forgive
me how we're bringing but it's kind of a
bummer we came to the park to walk our
pups and let them run around because
right over there there's this big-ass
open field but there's a football game
so we can't let them run around whoo
kids being a productive boo so now we
are forced just to walk our pup-pups
while all these are the kids practice
that's not too bad look out cuny that
looks look at those cuny guys
I'm always left behind just because I
walk so slow because this baby just
lands on my bladder so I have to walk
really really really really really slow
but I'm trying to keep up turns up I
think we're going to try to let them run
around in this little open area what if
I go down there let them go let them run
around a little bit sure hope there's
nothing I know people would like to go
down there what's up there's something
crazy down there that goes Pablo let me
see how far down I can go so far looks
pretty comfortable I got mine on sexy
Fox on fine time USA just don't come to
me guys Oh Oh over there I am open over
there with oh she ate shit yeah they're
so excited they don't know what to do
with themselves
hey come here come here come here come
here go over there
come on whoa is that a fucking eagle I
know I know I think I'm just on the
wrong side if I call them on this side
they're gone no go over there No
I didn't even call you come here call
him papa good girl
me love come here
Mego come here we haven't even been out
here ten minutes and we've been running
so hard that they're done you guys done
meatloaf
okay I think there's a bugs or
mosquitoes around fine let's get out of
here this got here huh fine we're
getting out of here we're going home
without a dress handle yeah they were
going bananas and then fawn got really
smart and realized she could leave that
way she was like leading the pack and
they were all going to leave us so
stupid fine too smart
that's so funny stupid fancy smart
stupid Geo
alright so now just came over and Oh Oh
Nicky not really
I know he can't be this big no no like
oh we want to do ok so just order this -
no you can't it is what thanks you guys
it's awesome
oh yeah what kind of this this is
different in yours yeah this one so the
one that I have is the shun classic this
is there every day one this is the shun
Premier so it's one level up all right
there like if this was their Toyota this
is their uh let me just turn Mercedes
thank you a little probably I like that
sickest give
thank you guys execution yeah I was
going to get you a whole big set no but
I was like because because you have
roommates instead you probably don't
have the space to store like a whole
block like that like it's probably just
easier to get the essentials
whoo this is the tip on that one I don't
know that's pretty fucking sick though
that's pretty beautiful I feel like is a
grown-up kiss well I know you like to
cook this way yeah I think you made you
thank you guys hahaha we suck that's the
other night I'm having this DNA did you
guys buy it or the street or elastic oh
shit
and look at that wouldn't handle what I
do everything to do it
kiss it and I wouldn't handle this with
jeans guys beautiful I like you too I
like how it's like hammer - yeah oh damn
that's sick can you just put your finger
right there just go like that back and
forth like really fast II don't do that
yeah looks good tight interesting I
always get so jealous using your abs
nice - God yeah what every night Alan I
know that this will oh fuck even the
handles beefier this handles beefier
than this one it is not weighing margin
oh yeah it's beef it's wavy if you do
you get all even all the hand feel is
better watch kill it feel this it feels
good here and until this one not out is
feeling a little bit one with us there's
it's like a little bitch now looks like
a little bit way it's barely imagine oh
shit you know how it feels like the hand
feel is like I love this pattern that
looks like hammered huh yeah it looks
really sick thank you ever I wanted to
get to sew more that was like this yeah
okay first start juggling then I can the
day has finally come to an end and it
was a beautiful day but to show that it
was clean vanilla is a beautiful day no
worries I'm gonna get ready go so the
day is about to come to an end all the
riffs packed away probably give to some
people definitely over made it clean up
the kitchen and times
upstairs and go to bed and it was a
beautiful day hey fanny
all right who the hell is that just a
bond I believe in you
I hid me her rifle she was a little girl
I just see everyone little ears okay
that's a freakin bum bum bum bum
yeah fine let's go to bed good night
thank you guys for watching good morning
gonna have to do it goodbye bye bye
