ma bear what are you doing over here
just eating while prepping my lunch Oh
Jemmy fruit yeah I like that you're
making a cinnamon roll I bought you from
the other day a half day you bought it
for me
did you eat one already you make you
know is it yeah it smells like freakin
cinnamon in here oh no Barry knows
awesome sorry I know it's a tease for
you it's not funny what I have to do
what you gotta do
well yeah I got a staylene state
discipline I had a really good a cheat
weekend with the paste on the fried
chicken and that really upped my energy
level well yesterday I only had 1,600
calories but I feel good today still oh
I did I trained yesterday and did cardio
and this morning I just did caught up so
I'm sweaty and I still feel go to my
energy levels up so that cheatin look
did me a lot of good what is this is
this to meet you mean oh that's cute I
love watching you eat the food I make
all you chopped it up do ya professional
is oh my god and you got the salt and
vinegar sorry
Oh what is I don't care about sorry and
I'm having my milk right now for the
Coliseum except I can't have milk by
itself the flavors just weird for me if
I have to pair it with something so milk
and cinnamon rolls are bomb yeah sorry
what I look a million times better than
I do so no you beautiful I'm so fat
right now really you're a beautiful
mummy watch the connection be strong Oh
Shelly you look like let them know tell
them what's up Tom Tom what's gonna
happen tell them I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm
gonna get like what so muscle well I
have muscle already who's going to see
the muscle see the muscle see the muscle
my ask me and dope before bus would be
dope or now gonna be Wonder Woman that
isn't 100 bad she's a superhero I don't
know but wait the real the real life one
or the
cartoon money no the the 1i Luna just
came out in superhero oh yeah okay yeah
yeah yeah I look way more keyed woman
all right mmm excuse me
so we just got to the office and
although before letting the dolls get
into the truck I always make sure that
they poop and they pee okay I should
rephrase that I always tell them to go
outside poo and pee which they do go
outside what they do out there I do not
know who did you go through the doggie
door and I can't see what's happening on
the other side of the door and then they
like maybe the two bowls of you go yeah
two or three minutes a day they come
back and I'm assuming that they pull and
they pee but it's been like four times
already with this fucking blood head
meat loaf we literally just left the
house I just told them to pee he gets
out of the truck or walking to the
office and he takes the fattest dump
ever in the middle of the walkway in
front of people's offices and when I'm
like mortified because I feel so bad and
whose shit smells like you can smell it
if you're like 10 feet away like it's
disgusting
so now he's a little fucking bastard you
have to walk him a second time when we
get here you Potter yourself little
fucking weasel
okay space seems pretty proud yes we're
going to do we're going to walk them
right now kids don't have them don't
have any kids
hippies on the perfect little squat you
think it's the short leash
we need to be consulted most psychic dad
off you don't know that
booty booty booty booty rockin
everywhere so I see booty booty booty
barn find your space find your space
alright let's see
they'll probably pee first would you be
down to two arias we have an idea
karni oh yeah maybe the idea is we put
on the mocking look I mean you just hit
me and I just fucking Papa blocking of
the house
oh what a crappy reason fine maybe
mother care about my energy level I
realize when it's a bath I'm just
working on my offense I'd be better off
next stop the top of you but I I don't
have any practice like flipping punches
or walking and stuff fine follow that
you've got practice
I'll try not making any promises so far
so good
good job me look somebody put their
wasn't evil
so far so good
like
so far so good meatloaf hasn't pooped or
peed yet we're looking good we're
looking good
my favorite part Wahlberg tickle
monsters you're free go breathe oh honey
that's stupid bring Eva hi biggie hi
pretty c'mere braggy
Ricky come here Reverend come here come
here Bri good girl good looking so happy
they're just so happy they're go spawn
going off on good girl II get it okay
baby so happy just to save time I
actually didn't take a shower before I
came to the office today so I'm still
wearing this because we have a shower
doctor so just telling my brother you
know what you have a meeting at 10:00 I
don't have a meeting until 12:00 so I'll
just take the shower later to get to the
office and so I'm just going to start
answering email get ahead on work drink
my protein shake which is my breakfast
and start working
what the damn it I left my stock to you
last night or yesterday got to keep
track of those so we get some work done
I think at 12:00 we're in interviewing
someone for a production coordinator
position at a barbell because the orders
are going crazy and then the inventory
so we need someone that just stays on
top of updating the websites maintaining
pre-order maintaining customer or so
we're doing whatever we can and part of
our gate to make sure that the customer
experience is really good we just hired
a customer service rep so now we have
someone pretty much full-time looking at
emails to make sure people get the right
sizes if they haven't get the wrong
order help fix USPS UPS FEDEX problems
all of that and then now about to hire
production coordinator who is in charge
of streamlining all the route of clothes
from manufacture to the fulfillment to
the customer so we're bringing on more
and more people to help make sure that
customer experiences really
good so we're going to interview them
today hopefully they're good because
that would relieve a lot of stress off
of Aaron so you can really focus on just
growing the brand name ezel nice of you
to visit
yeah okay means leaving so we're still
in the process of brightening up the JK
office it looks more happy and we're
going to convert this back area to more
of an island theme but the problem is we
have this really really cool fan art and
we don't want to lose out on it so I'm
going to see if this can fit and the
green room side because it is pretty
sick well actually it's not that big so
if we put you want to put island
wallpaper now that you still look pretty
good still looks fun I think we can put
the island wallpaper behind it does
cover a bunch of it though what a long
dish side I might just have to measure
it apart to measure to see what it would
fit or it could just be higher right we
could put this and make it a little bit
higher there it is there's a favor your
eyeballs here though
decisions decisions or else could it go
oh maybe go on I can't go between the
doors when we slide when we need that
face shut the green room I need a
measuring tape so I'm in the green room
now
and I'm looking for places to put it
it is pretty barren so we could put one
here that'd be pretty cool and then we
could probably even put one here unless
you use that space but yeah we could
probably put it here you might even do
it put bolts on the side by side or one
on each side so it's uh or even let me
measure how big this is actually
so that's why in eight feet are some
leverage here and roughly with that is
HP engine on out for the camera my fiber
weakens better so that decision is made
so that'll be cool
boom on finishing answering email got to
turn off the light first let's forget
well-well Bart's over there talking
about decisions and turning off lights I
will be taking over and you're going to
move into the baby room because that's
the last room that I need to fully
organized before I can't do it for a
while before this baby arrives so it's
really important that I just do even if
it's a little bit at a time I have to do
it so I have about a month left um so
it's important that I do just a little
bit every single day or else I'm going
to fucking this child is gonna have
nobody number to be a terrible mother
so let's go organize that motherfucking
room but mother fucking Q brew
mom what what do you think I love it fun
so I initially bought the ABCs because
I'm not going to be a tiger mom I just
don't know what that is like as I never
had a tiger on my life Arzu but I do
want to be a purposeful mom so
everything that this child is going to
have in its first few years it's going
to is going to mean something and it's
going to stimulate his mind in some sort
of way so I don't want cute bullshit for
the sake of having to bullshit I want
cute educational things so when I saw
these I had to get it and I was going to
be a boring ass mom and just put it on a
straight line but then Papa had a really
cool idea and since this is his baby -
you should have some say in how things
go so I said why don't we just make it
fun and make it you know make it a
staggered and and we're good and crooked
um I'm like yeah let's try it so voila
this is just one of many decorations
that I will put in here is it straight
it's crooked son must be straight out
look how do you like it
I love it awesome because now if we'd be
our kids there's enough time learning
this what do you mean let me smack them
what's your ABCs great band halt ooh you
might break it I like these closeted I
wanna sleep it is I'm so comfy it does I
want I like the wall and in a little
what are you crying about little shit
that's why my talk to my boy - what are
you crying about a little shit I'm just
kidding am I gonna do that
we gonna be pretty all right so just did
a little bit I was going to do for today
but somehow it feels messed you that it
wasn't before there's like more shit
everywhere why I feel like I did a lot
like I put that up or we put that up did
the bedding a little bit organized a
couple things but I don't feel like okay
well I'm done for today I'm done oh snap
look at what we're watching we love you
no no we're watching our friend ginger
yes the first time we've had kind of a
night awful we can watch TV yeah oh oh
how come a tooth or a left ear oh I
don't know it's other changes versus uh
unless you know there they are and all
those guys you make fun of that guy all
the time I know that's because he's my
friend
Wow they met Jennifer Lopez lucky she
never knew if you just is hot dedicate
this one for people that look at child
force all but our parents were driving
they had to buy the Vietnam War they had
to survive another game of opportunity
this numbers specifically created for
them like that's CUNY what is it called
watch it I don't know routine okay we're
going watching him watch it here fun go
kid Josh all right papa
okay so we were already in the middle of
a conversation and the conversation
ended too good that I just have to
German camera so the doctor prescribed
that I take iron iron supplements this
is what I'm taking right this way
you recommended I take one of these
pills every day but I just ran out so I
went on Amazon I bought more and I just
left it on the table and the vision for
my nose like this okay like that what
did you say
so I thought that what I came in when I
first thought
all right what the hell I thought I said
swallows fuck I thought like this
so imagine imagine you don't see
anything right you just come in you see
the bookshop and you go it's like I
thought it's Wallace but that's I mean
what is he thinking although what I
would you get these vitamins from were
you like I need to take them we gotta be
close but I don't see it you go glass
okhla these walls fucking wall yeah
fucking cute are you waiting on you
hairless monkeys Disick
oh my what do you got hurry up if we can
go to bed why do you want to go to bed
so bad cuz you got to wake up at
buck-buck early 6:00 a.m. fine
so what do you want to say I want to say
meatloaf is a good boy and keep hooking
it up all right
so me and my hairless girl I want to
tell you guys thank you so much for
watching and see you guys tomorrow
