you know sometimes you just think
something's hurt someone is so cute
that you just want to kill but you don't
want them to experience any pain and
then you just go also behavior just so
kuna your animals do that in the wild or
they just love their animals their
babies just kill them they kill everyone
else
kiss try to point shoe but you move your
head away the best he is hungry today's
my first day feeding him I'm learning
now your own suppose he was a little bit
yeah a little mouth and it's a sock
spoon and you want to put it in the
middle of his mouth you don't want to
put in the front
well just get stopped there and he
actually likes it when I put it for he
starts moving his head for which is
really cute hey baby look what you see
boy oh boy
and then he got a scrape it on his
freaking first row of gunpowder he's
working it I was working it is working
it's little piece half a mile up coming
up yeah and then what are you doing to
get this and then you put it back in his
mouth all right put it back in there you
go yeah
when you get food on the side of your
mouth oh and then goes right back in
there okay that one we can let it go no
no no no don't put it back in there let
it go here how do I know one is full uh
well you're not gonna know that because
he stole he's not we're not feeding him
right now for nutrition oh we're not no
we're feeding him so that he understands
the concept of solid knowledge Oh
so I do this a couple more times and
then what I didn't but maybe like you
could think about yeah you could think
it like I think they told us about a
tablespoon okay yeah so I think you've
you haven't given that word
you can give them a little bit more like
a few more times actually that's a lot
that's a lot yeah like half of that
that's so kind of a lot cuz it yeah okay
oh you literally want to get your optic
well that cuz you can't swallow it
he's like mashing it up he's mashing it
up yeah see he spits it right back out
and I think you gave him the perfect
amount to need uh I did get my meat
though um this looks pretty bomb don't
eat it no you can't have it try a little
bit
I have to go ahead I opted to get that
cuz initially I was gonna make all his
food for him but he eats so little I
realized it's a waste of food so I did a
you're eating it for real it's good some
good stuff euros um yeah so I did the
carrot for him as you guys saw in a
previous video and one carrot made
enough for like two or three weeks for
him because he just eats so little of it
right now cuz he's just so new to it so
I would just was like well I'm just
gonna get canned stuff for now until his
appetite increases he's just watching me
streak he's coming out as not they can't
tell uh it's about - it's about oh he's
just put it's just on his tongue he
keeps playing with it sit there he hit
me not theirs
nothing with his mouth oh he's playing
with it again turn him around to you
more he's over it this is all I thought
but we good 2017 baby your face right
there's my 22nd boy over it no he was
still working he was still
working it out still it's coming out so
should I just put it away now give me
the real stuff yeah yeah yeah that's a
big happy guy he loves you so much he
loves you so much dance moves
is this yummy foods good boy all right
so these are the last batch of clothes
I'm buying for the rest of year and I
found the size I want at the fitment
that I wanted and I think I messed up on
num rows bordering I was depressing
order order order and I think what's
like this I got double order so I also
got a foot if anything that I got
repeating up on the side so I could
return I should not been so impatient
but I'm gonna try these bad boys on and
my bear is gonna also look at these for
the first time
these ones are discolor what you think
nice they're not so stretchy oh yeah
these ones are super slim so my brother
loves it with it are you kidding me oh
well go at the double order so send
those back get up oh nice it's a pretty
tight dough stink they're pretty tight
they look good do they yeah all right so
really good my god all right we're gonna
pause real quick cuz I have to use the
restroom all right tell about your day
in there no no no no no that's what my
bears taking a right yeah I'm
getting it from your mom right now
I'm getting it from your mom right now
oh I see it okay I got it so good you
know my cell phone I know it's this one
but this one yeah let's try on that
he's up I thought you said you want a
cellphone you wanted this one give me
two I was like getting packages
especially ones I completely forgot
because it becomes a surprise so when I
know it's coming I'm like I already know
it's gonna make the mint I see that
package especially the shape or the size
of it on the doorstep like oh that's
that being order the duct tape or
whatever but this packet right here I
don't know what it is and I just came
back from a riding retreat so I ordered
this last week and now to me it's a
surprise and it's always fun to open
packages we don't know what it is so
let's see
don't pet it uh you guys can see first
what is it you guys tell me it is what
is this freaking boxes boxes or what
boxes inside of boxes
the heck is this Oh dance pretty heavy
crap oh I don't know what this is no
strength clip kung fu' strength grip can
you help me my brick came out of the
bathroom I wonder what she was doing in
there okay oh I don't know I forgot what
I got can you slice it open see what is
Best Buy
so something that expires I feel like
it's fronting oh cool
yeah so why is it like this well they
just purchase Uline boxes I know but
they always packs it definitely so it's
throwing me off every single time well
you just answered your question oh it's
just a regular protein because I also
ordered other protein and I order some
ice appearance and all those glass ones
so those are good I have them at bar
bought that you carry it there nah man
oh this is so good if you order it all
at the same time are different eyes I
think at the same time and then I
realized I realized and then I realized
whoa whoa whoa whoa what are you getting
angry after you poop yeah I was
wondering I'm not wondering but I was
like you know since we're getting islip
ears maybe I still just ordered and put
it into our gym water can we do that for
a house cuz I bought it I bought it for
retail off Amazon but if we stock at the
gym maybe I can get ahold of what
scratching the couch sounds like farts
me love turn the volume ah he always
does that you think so
this old left hand dominant right now
huh QT take a learning how to play slots
Smoots alright empty stomach now we're
ready let's see
do you like what I got yeah those are
very nice ma bears been really helping
me to be more fashion progressive
because I'm kind of like a geezer I'm
stuck in the old ways the mocker if you
always look at her wardrobe even like in
her PJ's she has a really cool like
maroon cardigan on she's always styling
so helps push my financial and creative
financial
I think really I do I don't even have
access to your money yeah push I don't
know if I kiss my knee my thighs and
boundaries
okay these ones are the B stack
it look like what you already have but
if I don't like it I'll just these are
the these are these are these - super
slim kill me
and it's cookers are I think they knew
these are gonna be hella tight so they
made pocket on the side that makes it
easier Chino pockets you fill me huh for
the Chino is a really stretch it feels
like girls jeans watch pulling it over
here oh those are really stretchy mom
and your son but the guy that's naked
Dina so like the color
oh did anything the AC on I did like the
car I do upstairs no upstairs
so these are the black ones yeah I
believe okay so these are the black ones
that I have one of those black ones but
these are the versions of them would you
do with the other ones remember so my
new strategy is I'm gonna have a I'm
gonna have pants for the sneaks in the
pants for the beats so these are the
black ones and they're now they're just
tighter right no do you think yeah they
look good or should I just leave the
chair just the event for the boots no
they look good they do promise
yeah yeah I think I just have to use the
restroom again that you can't blame EMU
but I'm not doing it on purpose don't
lie heads I didn't say boo boo probably
poopoo so I'm done I realized that I
trust my bear so much that I'm that
she's the one telling me how I look but
I even know how I look I'm in the garage
grabbing my mirror what I have right
over here and I'm bringing this mirror
out to just at least I can know what my
bear is same looks good or looks bad
all right what's happening out what did
I miss
you get doubles of stuff did you open
that yet
put my slipper slice had a long day
today I'm tired it's not like I'm not a
what
Luger slicer I don't know it's too close
to other things so let's just not use
that way okay fine
stop calling it that what is that
Valyrian steel it's not as effective as
the other one
the one actually has like a knife edge
look at the ridiculous outfit this guy
huh what's with the mirror oh you see I
told you to wait did you did you take
off the other tag thing who's gonna do
the returns for you if it's the same
size I would and I'm lazy I thought you
already had that color I have this color
I got the super slim version oh can I
try those on
I know I know that's your dad for you
baby what can we do what can't we do
you're going to grab it and go of it
here grab it hold on he's playing with
the camera good boy you got it touch it
yeah look at Tigers in go get it get it
get it get it little bit we need though
sorry what they're nice they're perfect
yeah
I'll about those knee pads though how do
you feel about it that's a mess for you
it looks good on camera
the the knee pads in that line it looks
like you're wearing your boxers over
them looks kind of weird this us you
like it no no I don't like it okay just
in my fashion uh what do they call those
actually knees this fashion I'm your
muse no hi a stylist Beaneaters everyone
has to fix all that oh Jesus that's good
money be saved you this is an envelope
opener I don't have a box cutter
sweating now all right hold on all right
papa got a box cutter or what is that
thing looks fancy I don't know we had it
on the side is it got the same colors
waffle they like to use some of the same
fabrics but four different cuts so you
have the seams you have the same colored
no so this one is a double order so I'm
returning this oh yeah different keeping
this one miss the same color is the same
color that's a different cut sadly like
this one watch feel it feel cool cool
it's cool to the touch so these jeans
it's really stretchy really but they're
not tight huh they're not tight these
are your boot ones yeah I am returning
these because they putting them in the
same box you're mixing up the boxes like
triple orders on this one this black one
that's weird
oh my god
regular games limps funky kneepads nope
this one's called the I think the three
DD stack collection so what they do is
they do a little taper right here and
when they do that little taper so they
have the fabric that's still that big
for your plots but when it gets to your
needs they could do that little cut so
it can kind of shrink it in and shape it
and I like that because um it's kind of
like what's the word ergonomic better
suits it's really hard when your body's
like all kinds of weird shapes but
fabric comes in one big ole block an
interesting buckle so why what is that
like extra protection like if you're you
might want to have sex or something but
then you're on the fence so it's like
extra like it makes you work harder I
don't get it I know I think you're
supposed to put your buckle here it's
off to the side but you see what the
hell is this thing what this is it's a
pocket that's pretty close either what
Hugh what is this oh
you've won a million dollars quality
control get out of here yeah
let's be good mm-hmm yes how's the side
turn around the pockets are so low in
the back oh my God look at your pockets
you don't care okay this way you could
wear it like that right so I'm a dad now
I wear like your dad
people think I'm young you feel me
okay you don't clump up or what do you
think what's that what's the stylist say
nothing
just keep him I like the color yeah and
I like the cut it's pretty skinny I
could have sworn I sent me like 20 of
the same pair of pants okay
sounds easy well actually so between
these two what should I keep this one
the black one - the black ones
no no so these are more natural that's a
plane it's the super slim this one's
also super slim but it's like the other
one with the big eyes no no no natural
Oh whew now there's it a matter of
fitment so the fabric and fitness is
seen oh then it's on for that one that
one plate one yeah cuz it's black anyway
you don't see it okay thank you you're
welcome
so no your turn
oh dear Lord doughnuts
no more pants pence so I know it's New
Year's resolution for several excuses Oh
last day I got a pizza sweet goes down
to be do it in my mouth and then I'm up
be clean and start dieting oh my god I
will get ripped I gotta see what we got
see I got 100 sausage smells good I love
that thin pizza
- listen Italian ah and then hibachi
Oh tips favorite I've been waiting for
pizza for so long by so long I mean two
days and yeah that looks good oh look at
that
then crust oh they are huh I can't wait
I gotta share the moment of truth on
camera because I love when they do this
deal when it's not all even there's an
Italy that's how they do is just tomato
sauce cheese and
you know garlic pieces on there garlic
tomato cheese sauces basil that was some
good ass pizza felt really good but I
did feel guilty but I did promise myself
so no more okay I speak when I'm so
tired I did promise not to eat any more
bad stuff so from to this day for I'm
gonna really be harsh on myself just it
really hard to the workouts and I'm
gonna get lean cuz uh playtime's over
and the new year started for all for a
month now so I've really got to get at
it I mean I haven't really fluctuated
too much so since I lost all the weight
I've been doing pretty good I'm looking
for mine oh my god I just don't have
time right now bring your vegan puke all
over here but I never look here I was
just looking and talking then I go what
uh well anyways um I'm looking for my
charger for my laptop so I could try to
put some on but I know it is Oh
therefore this uh backpack oh it's right
there it's right here awesome
yeah so I just gotta stick to it and all
the holidays and birthdays and all that
stuff's over so imma stick to it
probably for a good two three months and
that should get me pretty pretty lean
and get ready for the movie oh by the
way I don't know if I told you guys but
we're done with our first job for the
script of the movie 72 pages you're
going to add a couple more scenes but
the movie probably won't change more
than 70% of what we've written so that's
some exciting news we spent all last
weekend writing it we've been working on
for years and we spent all of Friday
last Friday brainstorming taking all our
notes building it up and we started
scripting when we're riding for like 12
14 hour days was me Casey Joe Steve and
we would write all the till three
o'clock in the morning and we would be
exhausted next morning would wake up
slow start there's some coffee and bamps
mash mash mash 1214 hours days for three
days straight and we got our script so
I'm super super excited the movie is
pretty much halfway done at this point
because getting the script on it's the
hardest part we know how to shoot but
writing 70 70 pages that's a new
challenge so uh three time we'll go back
upstairs and sleep she already just put
in tack the downside no one is to be
found here so I'll see you guys tomorrow
good night
