all right so just got back or not back
we just got into the office and speaking
of back and and Aaron are both back for
Wolcott II and aunt God is something
yeah we got you guys some cool stuff but
it's nothing crazy it's just something
that we saw and we're like hey this is
cute so we got a feature row it's
thought that counts the fact that we
were on your mind
and you spent money on us that's it the
bag alone on my doing that's tight be at
that Paris bag show me the bag show them
it's a place and it's a beautifully got
ideal place for a kid is there really
touched it but anytime smart and it's
blue from a boy little bento box trial
yeah you put different things and
everything yeah that's smart because kid
is fuckin touching me here and then you
put the stinky tofu here yeah there is
you eat yeah I mean I think you eat
chicken feet nozman thank you Lhasa
that's fine with your baby can use every
day when you feed them after the milk
time yeah yeah yeah no I'm down thank
you yeah and then we've got you guys a
bunch of candy and stuff I know you got
as a bunch of gum oh oh I am down oh
shit ever had these I'll take you oh
these are so too though my mouth started
watering I'm gonna stroll down myself
wrong yours wait wait wait oh this
chocolate uh I brought us back and it
melted but it's back in its shape and
form I don't want to go oh thanks hell
yeah cavity and so on candy thank you
you're welcome enjoy alright just
finished meeting and fun did this to us
what happened digging
put it up diarrhea that's what she did
to me all morning look at this
no she didn't because she sketched she
kept crying and sketching so oh my god
I'm gonna throw up a doobie both you and
me both was not very preppy everywhere
Paula's going over after yeah maybe I
think about how you know what he even
did he even stood in front of the little
doggy door he laid there and I had to
yell and I get kind of a freaking wait
dick and then she went outside to keep
all of you guys just go look what a jerk
like worries why are you such a jerk
stupid jerk why are you late mr. Pooh
was his full horn I think we gave her
too much human sir and she is not used
to human food and I think this was a
result of it I was trying to sleep in
this morning cause it had really bad
sleep and she kept crying and crying and
scratching at the door like let me out
let me out so uh dig up this role
because it was really bad it does yeah
it was a pumper space
she's breathing through his mouth but
that try to breathe that all
thank you papa bear sorry I can't help
you
alright I'm going to jump into my next
meeting foot good forget this even if I
couldn't make it then alright so in at
my next meeting and this meeting happens
to do with Michael this is the first
time I've seen him since he's been back
from Paris but I have been seeing
everyone individually that went to Paris
and um they told me a little story about
you Michael do you care to elaborate on
the hookers no hookers I'm just kidding
I heard there were no hookers I heard
there's really no hookers in your life
there are no hookers in my life that is
true
so we're debunking that there were
things active that you meant a bump that
you'll see 12 hookers on our last date
you're gonna be a dead how can you look
at Chloe really you're going to that is
his idea
I know and my wife wanted to go oh right
you know it was a mess right new life
and you guys are going to look at the
girl that we all went together that's
pretty crazy and like I mean I wasn't I
mean I must not been there but then you
know I don't remember any of this I
don't know we talk a lot to hoe no no I
can't know about theirs but something
did happen all right so what happened
was I learned that in Paris is pretty
easy to get stamped when you travel the
world you've been like to multiple
countries multiple different continents
how did it happen
and why did it happen so you know why
did it happen I'm still trying to figure
out why it happened I don't know like
how why it happened but what happened
was like I was walking along the road
minding my own business see you by
yourself
myself I was walking in and I solved
this guy and he had three cups of bread
and a ball so it's the oldest trick in
the ball in his mouth or Wednesday on
the table well it was a look around so
it was neither GOC was on the ground it
was in a keg okay it wasn't it wasn't a
ball gag it wasn't it wasn't the hooker
story okay um but what happened was like
people were paying money so like you
know he would you know like do this
little shuffle yeah and you would have
to like pick which Cup is the ball
underneath yeah and before you would
have to like pick one you have to like
you know put up some money to make a
better right yeah so I was walking along
the street minding my own business and I
felt like a group of people like all
watching this one guy do it right and
assemblage it it sounds pretty legit you
know like for me like I knew what was
going on where I thought I knew what was
good and so I kind of let him watch to
see like what was happening perfect I
was like I saw I kind of walked by I'm
like on the outside of the circle and
kind of watching them like use a little
thing and the next thing I know the guy
comes up to me and asked me like well
which one you think it is which wouldn't
think it is right and afterthought but
no I don't want to pick right because in
the back of my mind I know that if I say
I'm gonna have to put up money and you
know he keeps on going me into like
picking one and the guy standing next to
me is like do come on you go oh you got
hog on see that bullies oh Michael so
eventually I'm like alright fine I'll
take that one over there and then like
and then he goes like well before I can
um you know show you what's underneath
this one yet they'll like show me 50
euros right and I'm like no I don't want
to show you 2d girls right but then the
guy next to me kept me going no no when
you got that you got this right oh no
and then like they're saying it so fast
that I don't really have time to process
what's happening and because I've
already said yes to like you know
picking the ball it's way easier to say
yes like all the sups of your requests
right not like you did some google
research into the psychology behind what
happened to you since that night I said
yeah yeah so what happened was like I
think I'm I wash own the years and he
split he opens the cup and obviously
there's no ball there because he did
some little trick and then he like
before I can even process what happened
he's like thank you very much hahaha
and then what happens and then like he
was like you want to do it again right
can i fuck yeah double or nothing
no no at this point I'm like wait what
the hell just happened right but then
I'm like well alright I'll do it again
and I just what I went out about 10
years and my my wallet
so I'm like I picked this one and then
it happens to be correct so I win 10
more euros and then I play warmer not
after and obviously I lose so he took 60
years for me before I even knew what
happened like I feel like if I had chose
to like gamble you know in this game
like on my own free will
yeah then I want to be alright well and
you know I pay six years a lot you don't
hurt violence but I personally felt like
it got taken from me before I didn't
happen it was like what the hell you
know I came to this little circle with
the key years on my wallet and unless
what absolutely nothing not even my
thing with me the way I feel like that I
feel like this is similar to how you
lost your virginity women and you don't
even know how it happened to the hookers
right I'll be even better I think that's
where another terrible day for another
okay we'll see if another vodka bottle
of I'm glad you're back
and I'm glad that it kind of happened to
you because it makes for a really fun
story and now you can tell your kids and
their are cute kids other kids it's miss
a fun time so yes sixty year olds lost
but in the long run look at how many
smiling faces girl like this guy is a
smartest guy I know
so I don't really believe that story I
having heated locked on a massage
applause and you can voluntarily started
telling people yeah special massage you
know what sounds better what sounds
better for everyone in their special
massage that's where it's all right
better but you should have said that
sorry
exactly I think this are you licking
this very just oh so you guys and then
what happened with the floor
oh shit girl
I don't know he's might have come before
him oh man no warhead miss up 4head I
didn't get a massage while I was in
Paris but I know some people who did I
they were we in a group there we are
group Joe and Jess and me you wanted to
get massages one day and you know we
found this place next to a restaurant
that we were and we kind of go in there
and because we're in Paris right can
really communicate with them but because
this was a Chinese place Oh Mandarin
there you go on you know we're kind of
going down the menu asking them like
what is the stuff right and then you
know like we go in thereat raskin like
what is this one and they're like oh
this is the hot stove or you know just
pretty basic selling this is the hot
zone and this is the just a full body
this is the one with the oil and then
again and then it gets to the one where
it's like asking like what is this one
and they're like oh this is the four
hand massage what does that mean I don't
know what that means at all but no no no
I know but I know I feel like if you
weren't into getting massaged by four
hands you know that'd be like too much
stimulation there okay where where they
I think that'd be amazing
well I like you too much stimulation on
your back you know like I feel like
there'd be too much of a good thing you
can't leave I would be on your coffee
other to be on your legs and feet what
what the one that happened after was so
there was another thing on the menu
after the forehead massage and I kind of
had an idea what this one was right
wasn't I don't love it I mean I'm not
you I'm not entirely sure because I
can't speak French but then I just see
the word the root word tantric in there
and if you don't know what that means
that's kind of related to sex so I asked
them like what is this one right here
just was the menu and the best word they
can tell me is ching which means light
massage but then she person who told me
was dead next to her her her associate
and they both
hit each other and they start to laugh
and so I feel like you know to take up
their hand like this way and I'm like
crying and they were doing this no they
didn't do that but I mean like what else
could be a light massage right I guess
destructive one is the lightest massage
yeah it was pretty far down the menu and
it was the light massage amazing doesn't
matter what continent or country you go
to fucking Chinese people always okay
yeah they're all the same it's just like
when to eat Chinese food and there's
bugs in my vegetables like no matter
like all in the world they felt like
home yeah so moral of the story is if
you're looking for a good time Asajj no
matter what continent you're on find a
Chinese I just find it yep
I think the real moral the stories don't
get pumped if I complain that cooking
that is true like if you ever see people
play the cup just runneth back asleep
and it's also need a watch like and if
you're going to watch you know it's then
like the street you know maybe across
the street and these binoculars
that's what I would recommend next time
you would have binoculars exactly I need
a working live or not spear skills the
next time it'll get pumped like that you
little pervert so I'm finally home
wrapped up all my meetings which means
now I get to Train I think there's going
to be the first hmm oh yeah I think this
might be the first time that I'm
actually going to do some real training
in my gym and I'm excited
just had a really cool workout foot my
puzzle took a shower and I'm pretty
surprised you haven't seen it in the
video so I'm going to show you raamaiah
I was actually able to jump rope and
that's crazy some 35 weeks pregnant and
just walking sometimes the baby's weight
is on my bladder and why are you four
key the baby's weight gets on my bladder
and it feels like I'm going to piss
myself so that's just walking so the
fact that I was able to jump rope was
bananers let me show you pulling it up
run I am look Oh God dang it
I can't technology hold on let me see
what the hell you wanna pull down where
to go all right here it is tried that
once with this okay you can go for take
it back why
okay okay okay okay I'm so proud of
myself
look at that and I think I freaked out
and I was like okay I'm done I'm not
gonna do any more I'm scared
whew that was pretty awesome so that was
my highlight of today I felt pretty
proud of myself and I must say staying
active has definitely saved me this
pregnancy so it's been really really
cool to just keep moving because I
notice when I don't work out is when I'm
like my body is the atheist it's crazy
so as soon as I work out my body starts
warming up and it's a loser my joints so
better um it's just so hard sometimes
sometimes this was better just to lay
down and I'll do anything but you start
bleeding Briggs nothing at all anything
nope
awesome thanks for the input you can so
pretty okay I think I'm going to eat now
Bart's dad is over there doing something
upstairs look what I just saw upstairs
hi boy once they had everybody he
there's not kick q does pause hi boy
hi boy won't come down boy
okay stay up there so cute this is why I
saw sitting over here and I saw his
little ears okay yeah I'm gonna grab him
look at them they're just hanging out
look how cute they look older you are
you
you watch the world you buy me dinner
yeah pinches on and Jonathan
copyrighting grenadine something pop up
so I didn't want to interrupt you and
your pop-ups talking no but every chance
you had you would translate for me yeah
and you told me some really Kimmy said I
think you should share like what I don't
remember what I said first of all the
name that he heard come out of your
mouth I mean yes and then the little
outfit so like uh my dad was asking have
you thought of any names and that yeah
but yeah we thought of two names one
Maxwell the other one Tyco up when I
said tyka my dad by typhus I know not
sciences tyka my dad's like Tiger on my
wall it's not tighter but it means Tiger
and Maori and then he was like oh cool
you know I will just let you know
Chinese tradition the grandpa takes of
the name but you guys can pick whatever
you want tension so furry here that you
can so sad and very funny she had a lot
of diarrhea today good good now what
about the outfit and then my my dad
bought the little emperor's outfit for a
baby of lighting here jealous boy
I love all house me too not Papa in my
life victus stinker you're stinking up
the whole world if it's not your faul
hey / please go the cuny fine move me
love come on dude alright alright well
guys I like it both of us we don't know
what that ready
hahaha thank you
I loved it look at her she just melt she
loves you so much
alright guys well that kind of concludes
our night and our day thank you guys so
much for watching I hope you're having a
beautiful morning afternoon or night see
you guys tomorrow bye bye
she doesn't even move fufu small house
tomorrow me
all right
the Chinese go I'm Chinese
okay good night good night
that's not a phonetic
