what up guys today is a very special
more unique than special and unique
being um I'm going to the temple right
now specifically the she lied temple in
Hacienda Heights and my mom she fought
like a little altar for my grandma who
passed away last year so me and G are
going to go there light some incense and
pay our respects but the significance of
this temple is also because all those
stories that you hear on just kidding
news of me growing up in the temple it's
this one so there's a lot of nostalgia
here I haven't been back here in
probably over 10 years so I can't wait
to share some of the stories that I get
inspired like once I feel landmark all
that you guys know I'll remember that
story I told you about it happened here
I'll let you guys know so growing up as
a kid as soon as you roll up on here
it looks very magnificent magnificent
beautiful and I think it's the biggest a
Buddhist temple in the United States but
I would dread going here so much because
my mom is my mom is a freak and so she's
always voluntarily signing up for those
be a monk for a day retreats or be
amongst for a week retreats and I've
done both of those with their multiple
times so be a monk for a day you pretty
much don't say anything for eight hours
ages meditating and that's really really
hard for an eight-year-old if you point
to this gate right here this is really
crazy so I lived here for a week once
and one of the morning services that we
would do would all line up literally
right here and we would take three steps
say ami TOEFL and bow down to the floor
put your head on the asphalt and get
back up walk another three steps back go
back down and we would go all the way up
this thing this entire driveway so we
would start at 4:30 in the morning and
we wouldn't finish until 7:30 it took
three hours to take three steps go all
the way down and stand back up because
you don't finish up here you finish all
the way in that main shrine inside of
there
and this is the type of life that I was
living when I was like between 8 and 10
years old so that's why I think it
helped me with a lot of discipline that
I have now but I also didn't have very
much of a childhood and so when you
listen to like Tiger belly or when I my
childhood is way different than everyone
else's this is like one of the reasons
why why I've never watched on this movie
that everyone else did so I'm supposed
to go all the way back there you know
what's funny I look at all these
motherfuckers and like these reflective
suits I'm like bitch you guys are fuckin
youngins op Dania I'm a fucking triple
og you guys don't know shit homie you
guys don't know shit I used to fuck a
tree graph that I love this motherfucker
trying to tell me where to go I know the
secret passage with honestly no no I
know a lot of like secret passageways it
that I grew up in the toilet us and
these fucking young hands trying to tell
a motherfucker oh gee where to drive
hell nah
thank you was so right you're going the
way you want you to go no I have to go
to the top shrine that's where my mom
bought the little altar so what's pretty
normal of a lot of like temple and
Buddhist kids is they have like their
own Sunday School where they learn how
to draw and do art and stuff and that
all happened here what sucked was I
would be the eight-year-old sweeping
doing the old people shit and I wanted
actually to go to Sunday school and
those kids are being tracked to Sunday
school and I'm like can I just do the
fun sports stuff and I never was able to
do it so I'd be out here taking trash
out refilling water or water implant so
I do with the stuff that actual monks
are doing this middle section not too
many people know because it's closed off
to the public but this is where all the
female monks live so if you're ever
wondering how come there's so many more
buildings between the shrine and the
back and the shrine in the middle it's
because that's where all the female
monks live and no males can go in there
I couldn't go in there either not that I
was trying but because I was a kid and I
walk around this entire place so many
times I know
a lot about the ins and outs so this
back Center it's like a memorial shrine
and this is probably where the ultras
all the most questions all in this
specific building right here that's
closed off right now this is where they
do the monk for a dating so when you do
the mug for a dating you mainly practice
all of that here and the reason why you
practice that here is so you don't have
a chance to interact with any other
visitors because you're supposed to be
like super quiet just praying non-stop
and so you would wake up at like 7:00
pray literally until lunchtime and even
while you're eating it's a very
militaristic lunch where everyone lines
up everyone shuts the fuck up and then
gets their food and then everyone's
trying to out thrifty each other so
people like Chinese people already don't
leave rice in their bowls so it did eat
that right but then because you're
trying to out thrifty each other people
will see what all funked is like the
drop of oil or whatever soup so they'll
get the water and then pour it into
their bowls or their plates and rinse it
off and then put that in their mouth so
they can kind of show like look how
fucking holy I am and they will look
down and literally everyone's plates
look like it was washed and so I also I
had to do that too as a fucking camera
these Muslims trying out holy me fuck
that and I would do that too so I did
not get my share of flamin hot cheetos
and Funyuns like a lot of other kids but
wasn't ghosting my mom I love her how
does it make you feel being out here
does it feel like a spiritual place like
when we were at Notre Dame in Paris or
does it just kind of feel like a like a
Far East land and something that's kind
of unrelatable yes ii oh really yeah so
does anyone feel like a religious place
that's my mom
Maya Maya bike people what
Ramon thing good daughter-in-law good
daughter man here's why well posture
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba no it's just uh the
traumatic resurgence of memories yeah
yeah just kidding
let's go I'll follow you Oh No
okay so I have a feeling my mom she's
going to a car because she's probably
always bringing out some herbal bullshit
so we come here we already have our own
agenda sports going there pair respects
my mom always have to bring something
out first
isn't that right mom Barry yeah maybe
her practice what do you think you don't
think she's going to bring out some
stuff that she wants us to eat or smoker
frigging Ptolemy's okay let's see well I
like your paper more flowers made the
flowers oh yeah okay yes
for once my mom doesn't want me to eat
something weird or like nine good night
cool
it's a football oh nice music on it Oh
Oh steady ankiet like on earth before
you mean grandma and grandpa people pass
away I asked her here
what color you like to is a deal fun he
said I like great powerful and I asked
her before she said oh oh what can you
mean hot stuff
thank you Thank You Javier my back oh oh
so right now my mom is preparing the
offering and it's kind of like tradition
to kind of prepare some fruits some
flowers to offer to your ancestors so
that's what my mom's doing getting
little faces and they're going to fill
it up with water looks days they stretch
a little bit longer and then there's
fruits over here and I'm all running and
then we don't prepare like a little
plate I have some operated with again
before our journey was over she would
have to force me to drink want to be put
through the month
oh yeah like you said judging yeah you
drink a half and a half gift - baby baby
good food so every time I'm on visit
there's always have there's always a
catch you know how much would a month
maybe 500 don't worry 500 dollars
yes you know one time for how much it's
a waste of money
mommy gotta if I know you love me here
did you catch that I got ya uh-huh
I know you love me I know you love us
thank you very much mama thank you I
love you I know I love it
I thought you Chinese aquila is a girl
Apple is a waste county waste waste can
becoming totally debate water American
DeGeneres is American fusion so we're
going yeah
the very very expensive to finish there
is not officially the Y alone oh yeah
but when I read him but so Yoshi video
when I Drive in my ice wave clothes
I know no energy I just drink that yeah
I don't think so my mom also has other
good news and she got a god but she
created a Chinese name yeah we've been
wanting one we've been wanting a Chinese
saying what's the Chinese name Quan one
ye ji Oh Oh wonderful yeah what are the
need the quantity you last man yes right
let me baby daddy
no no daily oh you didn't like daily or
Sun sunshine
it means Sun yeah but because the Sun
comes up every day it can also be a
metaphor for daily okay exactly yes and
the fool and he all everything the film
a measly daily owns everything yeah oh
it's gone everyday I'm hustling or
everyday I'm owning boo-boos autonomies
lucky not only lucky okay lucky position
in Tadasana cheese you know the back you
hire someone that be perfect as
assembled Ohio it's deeper than Lux but
it's kind of like it means it means like
luck and also everything like a driving
force in motivation so Quan every day be
hustling that's good shit than anything
on everything thank you so Quinn the
second the boy will come II don't get it
I will make a good okay very cool okay
and then Qantas this is am i useful man
what does that mean yeah she's cool the
end up big one so in Chinese the way you
write things there's a specific order
you write those things yeah okay but if
you had a told Homer 37 137 strokes yeah
the baby will ball a the baby
how kind of baby the personality he is
very
ah one question again when huh very very
has a really good temperament Oh remain
honest yeah okay and everybody moves and
calms what person on it okay
and he is his life yep it's a very rich
very powder powerful a powerful okay and
and very proud very proud and the very
maximum the happy ah
and then the makes my head it is the
baby there is a future perfect it's
beautiful it's beautiful
and then thankfully the wonderful name
is total and the only food we call it
sounds like a home a home when she home
only coda the one word and it's very
neat really close the Apple and after
the minister to and the bright and the
seismic the is the sun rays and the his
name all the world know him
yeah and his business
you cannot know limit look good huh yeah
great
other than that
Austin psychic laughs nice
ready
so earlier we couldn't go inside because
there's a no photography and no video
law but pretty much we had like the 1015
minute prayer with my mom paying
respects to my grandma my grandpa and it
was really cool and I also wanted to
thank my bear because I was actually
dreading mistakes I have a lot of
history with Buddhism and I'm not really
Buddha sitting more and I'm like and my
mom oh shit
my mom always wants me to like do all
these Buddhist things I don't believe in
all this superstitious stuff oh we know
that one story I told you about when I
was running around the altar and then
there was like a velvet rope and I trip
to the nakta what natalie is right here
I was coming out of there that's running
and I didn't see a velvet rope on that
side and I hit one of my ankles I
slammed my stomach into the ground but
anyways so I wanted to thank mama bear
because mantras I go it's not going to
be that bad just go and I want to thank
you for supporting me and helping me be
a good son and I know today me and my
mom really had read postpone this for
like my mom's been trying to schedule
with me sends like me oh I keep some
amount of time off time I want I am busy
but then to the stress that it causes it
kind of sex my whole day so I don't want
to have to come all the way here do a
bunch of stuff I don't believe in and
then go back to doing my own stuff I
take that weird energy back but English
you gave me support and encouragement
that we can go through it together was
not bad at all I'm not really happy that
I was able to make my mama
music Unni forgive me before I
progressed any further into this day I
just realized how fly my outfit is so I
had to make a note of it so first of all
I'm wearing the barbell Brigade Mountain
tea with the light blue and the light
green and unintentionally I wore some
shorts that were grey so it kind of like
matches in this tone and then I got the
shoes got a light grey and light green
that matches this green so let me let me
put this right here so you got to get
this full image BAM there's some of you
out there that might be like yo barn you
do not look fly at all and for those of
you guys
of course you guys are very fashionable
but for me for someone that wears white
beaters and torna shorts and torn shirts
this to me is a very big accomplishment
and I'm very proud of myself because I
do not wear dope clothes every day like
some really cool people out there which
I should I do have a ton of shoes you
guys here in my garage but I just don't
wear them all the time so when I am able
to put together an outfit on my what up
guys just dropped off mama bear because
she's tired and I'm a barbell now
because today is the second annual
barbell brigade powerlifting meet hey
guys so I'll give you guys a quick
walkthrough of what the gym looks like
during a meet way different we got the
flex handling all the tickets and stuff
why not Brandon my hands over and uh oh
are you a comedian by competing renaud
yes exactly so we go through the now
than me the main gym floors completely
transformed because it's the warm up
everywhere for all the lifters
but usually is people there see by the
gym is closed during the meet to refer
back to warm up fresh use the
competition track oh shit lures how do
you feel right now
feel good not the bench no more pain
great ok so see you tonight we have is
the gym floor is completely transformed
it
there's no actual working out there boys
it's warming up for the competition of
the competition in the fact
don't devour
ah
ha
although it
in addition to the meat one thing that's
really cool we were able to combine a
couple of our endeavors together go me
Joe David Jill and Jeremy the guy that
we did pop our twist
we're also teaming up to do a shrimp
daddy and we're able to bring strip
daddy through the meat so they're here
as a food vendor which is really really
cool and people get to try it out and we
also get to get more feedback between
what people like about the shrimp
what games need to be changed about the
shrimp and stuff like that so there's
just a really cool all around the pet
the misters music COO family community
everyone hanging out and you can never
have too many porta-potties if you guys
have never been to a meet before during
the warm-up section they put up the
flight list and this is really important
because you know which order you're
going to lift it so you have such a warm
up time and they usually poke for
somewhere like this so you get to see
like you know laughter - hi and that's
what all these papers are for so at
these myths they really try to make the
experience smooth and really really fun
for the liturgy dramatic performances
those of you guys that are on the fence
of the ocean I computer on IV
recommended because one would eMac on to
the gym I've got your room at because
you're not listing under the same
conditions that everyone else not by to
have the Olympics you know everyone is
racing under the same humidity the same
oxygen level if they altitude the same
crap so thinking with competition is
like judges referees calibrated plates
and that way you get to be okay where am
i measuring government everyone around
so I respect people and it brings the
best out of you and it's really fun to
kind of set a goal for your competition
set a goal and then to work really hard
three four months
forged and ASEA payoff all right this is
crazy I've never seen it's a real life
I've seen people CAD me but this is so
awesome the barbell logo with your name
/ they'll catch us nice to meet you I
thought all along the back - how come
you decided to get his hammer was up
you're following Oh
it just it just like it's supposed to be
on another level when I first heard Amin
a humbly yeah good it was a nice feeling
for watch Justin how to put into words
like smash everything don't be a fucking
asshole about it yeah exactly I just I
really liked it it was really nice
meeting you now my neck walking back to
the car now it was a awesome meet shout
outs to all of the barbell brigade staff
they ran it very very well shout outs to
the manager rent was very smooth and
everyone came up to me and told me how
smooth the barbell Brigade meat was and
how supportive it was and I can't even
take any credit for that it's all the
staff they did a really really good job
of holding it down now I'm gonna head
back home because mama is there resting
and I think we'll stop by the grocery
store pick up some food
so we can cook some yummy stuff for mom
and I think some friends are gonna come
over later too
so the first steam mom Baron wants me to
get is you want next and I'm in the
snack section and everything looks
delicious to me but what should I get my
bear Oh get those those danishes I know
she like danishes or get a Danish to get
that for breakfast what else does she
want
there's also cinnamon rolls mmm
I'll get us some cinnamon wall and
understand all the cinnamon roll
and as you probably want something to
just munch on here and there like finger
foods so mad sometimes I wish I was
pregnant that's when you're pregnant you
get the bom bom bom bear likes oatmeal
cookies are there oatmeal cookies here
nope no milk cookies okay cookies are
this is disorder there's a random
assorted cookies with this variety mini
cookies look at these
I always like cooking like this more
than the ones that are prepackaged like
like the name-brand can always feel like
these are freshly baked and it just
tastes better the the ones that are
prepackaged like Chips Ahoy it always
have like this weird taste to it okay so
now on to getting the actual food for
people that are coming over I think I'm
going to for the vegetable I think I'm
going to get broccolini because last
time I accidentally made broccolini
because uh they ran out of bok choy and
it came out pretty good someone makes
steaks this grill some up season it and
then get some broccolini look at that
also nice garlic thousand products and
get broccolini yet garlic peeled garlic
is my favorite because they did all the
work for me and arts not upon with the
later expiration date or some of the
statistics is August when says in a
generator from you walk into the back of
that one twenty about repellent a
twenty-eight get off me our stuff is
found the broccolini let me get a bunch
of these because of ton of people are
coming over so I think there's I think
there's eight people coming over so
maybe eight bundles or oh sure the miss
just turn on yeah I think maybe a
bundles or maybe six then I want to know
my pants at all that does each person I
eat half a bundle yeah I'll do it eight
bundles I ended up going with five
bundles because the bundles is way too
much and I realized that won't even fit
in my biggest pan
so now I'm at the meat section I'm
looking for a thick red line I found one
big one right here this one is what what
any
of 14oz countenances com+ New York Strip
so I look for ribeye tunnel expose
thicker ones of juice year and usually
for me I like to get half a pound per
persons or just neat people coming I
need to get four pounds worth and
that'll feed them to the high price and
I'll tie veggies and stuff and I'll snap
a loose so I've got to find them all the
same cuts everyone get the same kind of
meat
small fast I'm home it was awesome I was
ran very smoothly and we have a good
time yeah I brought you a bunch of
snacks I hope you approve I I'm pretty
sure I'll be happy I know but last time
I messed up and I botches jelly beans in
there like what the hell is this that
was so weird
I've never bought jelly beans in like
the 11 years that we've known each other
now do you ever eat sorry I buy jelly
beans that's I was like okay thanks I've
never bought these but thank you but
because you told me to get literally any
candy other what candy want to like
anything
oh poor jelly beans and I just grabbed
it Oh weird
fine I can't wait to show you I want to
show you are still walking trying to
show you now yeah I wanted to show you a
little show in time so the first thing
yeah this is fail-proof collecting you
get it done'
yah okay okay
and then so one for one hopper I know
Oh ice cream I would have inside my
dream cow do for two huh
and then I know you like these I'm
getting the ones that don't fit it uh so
going to gang pop up and then your
redeeming yourself just thinks it's
exhausting crunch oh fuck vinegar is
that as good or bad my bad okay
I'm not yelling I'm killing it lilo
and then I got sensitive huh oh thank
you for you who knows for you I don't
even eat that Oh Oh is this is your Chi
weekend no but my weekend's over so now
it's for you but you could put that in
the toaster have a little closer over
right there yeah that's delicious
already focus a lot of stuff your mom's
a savage on that this all for me yeah
could you say what can whoa and then I
thought about finger food football the
thought about some cookies smart guy and
oh my god straight from the horse's
mouth
oh oh oh that's it but you could put
both of these are I thought of these
because we have a little toaster oven so
if you put that in a toaster oven
it'll be really flaky enough is mom one
funny thing about art if you'd love to
buy scarlet but look at that garlic
though oh no no it's upstairs up there
no no not that garlic paint it's not
hold on look at the dog up there it's
rotting that's why because you buy so
much no no it's rotting it's right in
last time because you buy so much no I
don't says that can we focus on the wind
you want a lot well we focus on we focus
on these things like like them I think I
killed it right here yeah why do you
have to pass on such kids and go and
talk about these other knowledge right
are leaking ketchup is what you have to
buy every time you go to spur I go why
so look at this we have to go on another
way like lyrics way right here I also
got Marvin as being a Frenchman
Wednesday it is beautiful she likes it
you can focus on the wind that's fine
you jealous you know heart don't ever
get married guys it's really really
tough lie we went back to back
championships and there's still time I
got you oh man the house is run the
house smoothly which I do um so I just
want to make sure that poppers not
spending money ridiculously know it was
pretty Jesus put battle a rotten garlic
that's all it's rotten know that you
you know you do relation yeah that's
okay which one makes sense I bought some
actual garlic and I even looked at
expiration date to make sure it last
longer
fine boom fine I can't argue when you
bought me all this stuff now it's time
for me to clean up my stuff
so my workbench has become kind of a
storage I gotta clean this stuff I just
order these guys some nails and prove
sorts amount some stuff at the mount I
actually bought this like little rack to
put all the all my wrist wraps and then
all those rubber bands to mount them so
it's dirt just not hanging everywhere so
I'll mount that clean up the workbench
and then oh this whole box right here
all this stuff we got to clean that up
install the air filter for AC homeowner
problems and oh and his box right here
shout out to a combatant gentleman
they're really dope so this is a
subscription service and they sent this
over to me and what they do is every
month I believe we sent you a new outfit
so jacket shirt different scripts in
there and even shoes so the subscription
service for people that want to look
sharp look fly but don't have the time
to just go shopping all the time this is
pretty dope combatant jet comm make sure
you check them out if you're busy and
you don't like shopping but you like
nice things
they're the way to go so uh I got to try
to wrap all this up before people start
coming in everyone's finished eating we
did some good damage we had a 16 all
right almost done there probably ate
like half the meat half the veggie
everyone's super full but now it's time
to wrap up the night and watch an
episode of Game of Thrones together see
you guys later bye
