this is so Kimmy this is me and mother's
first couples massage in a non vacation
day because usually when we go on
vacation we always get a couples massage
and now another oh do we yeah okay this
is just Q neaten because we're getting a
couples massage I did modders first
prenatal one so they had that King
because that's not kama day for her
belly so she can't just lay on her
stomach so that's different and I could
try and buy something that it's going to
pop the freaking baby in the vision come
out and Bloods going to be all over the
place would be disgusting to send us
through it all okay in stereo but yes
I'm really excited to get this going
with markers and monitors didn't wanting
a massage I do what I can but I don't
have those magical massage heads and
then I feel so bad if he doesn't do it
right for himself and then the cans are
all just like done but and oh my god
yeah I'm only good at grabbing barbell
oh I still got massages empty oh yeah so
I'll give you guys a quick tour of this
place before they come in and Mama's
thirsty and get water that lemonade was
tomorrow yeah so they have they have
like this hipster type of cucumber
eleven water and madre of course you
know is going to eliminate
not sweet at all food and that the sound
of that don't like a commercial for CUNY
what
that's what I have to give me a cup of
water where was it some country town it
was with this town my house it known a
very good I switched it no it's next
level
this mix is next level you could taste
both ingredients I just wanna thank you
it's the cucumber in the lemonade so
right now we're in the tranquility room
and this recom me just wait and just
relax Rhett Massage Envy and it's kind
of ironic because Casey's dad actually
owned a massage and be out of Texas so
they have membership and they come all
the time but from my experience Massage
Envy is one of the most comfortable
massages compared to like those $20.00
Chinese massages and I think word on the
street is that this Massage Envy is the
biggest one in the nation so if you just
look down all the way down there there's
rooms on both sides of the giant you so
I think there's got to be like at least
like 20 rooms in here so you can do
couples massage you can do regular
massage you can do facials so I'm just
walking good tranquility room again
barbers and banana and look look down
this hallway see that's 115 despite a
little booger and it goes all the way
down
so this Massage Envy is pretty big and
pretty excited cuz I've been wanting
massage architectures like what that one
uh one of the single rooms like this and
they had like a heated bed and it's like
nice and cool so it feels really good
the last time I came in here I knocked
out really quick in the massage table
close it I didn't know if they didn't
decide it on they just made a knockout
and I did the next bounced I'm so
excited I'm in the bathroom right now
and it smells fucking bomb and here it
smells so good no it's not a brandy or
all that you guys know
as a brand new I'm just in here relaxing
smells really really I think it's happy
- nothing looked like it would smell
like shit actually
but actually smelled really good does it
fit it needs to complete sister Febreze
cuz they don't see all my linen and sky
I gotta buy this linen and sky on a snow
off I'm going to get that babies are so
- it smells very relaxing spring mark
man's where it's done man it's got let's
read a couple look saw a shame we don't
that means all that's a girl
no no the bad weather look at that
picture picture is so good I love the
eyes you just rip it down
there's just how do they know like what
type of imagery is going to relax
someone you know I knew Mike I need to
know it erases by that that house it on
the wall and I'll just relaxing my
qualifications yeah like I don't even
know these is everything about acting
like black dog skulls so I don't think
natural acting but in here is just it's
like this
this place is very very relaxing so now
we just got brought into our couples
room hence the two beds and now we're
supposed to undress and put in the
cabinet but isn't this luxurious look at
this freakin stuff you love pasta so
it's going to feel really good you get
as naked as as comfortable so if you
want to keep the sports bra on pan you
can but if you only get but but Nick you
can do that to come in myself oh yeah
which boys why did you work I know
there's one of us at that point
Oh does that one eat for you guys those
ones are special but sometimes we're huh
mob relates there's two Brown rainbows
that come out pleased to be pink okay
but we're not a brown low Brown lingual
up in here it's your week so yeah this
is pretty comfy softer lay face down get
changed and I'll check back with you
guys afterwards how was the massage
bikini it was delightful
yeah I kept trying to knock out yeah and
I thought that is my massage my gosh
diet oh yeah he kept trying to have
small talk you know he was just really
excited cuz I'm having a baby and he has
a one-year-old here so um I don't wanted
to connect then I'd never get like
massages right now and I've been long
overdue for one so it's just like oh
yeah
Oh crazy awesome oh great I felt so bad
I hope so bad but it just felt too good
and um while I was getting a massage it
felt like frickin
his baby boy was doing this at the side
of me going like that it was crazy
I've never felt him move so much maybe
he saw all the relaxation he was turning
around I'm like I'm hearing that maybe
you did I was thinking he did was help
so relaxed how was yours
it was awesome I had knocked out like 20
times I got my aunt some to add that put
together mmm that Buddha saw baby shower
I got her
massage a gift card so she better use it
yes you're watching
Athena Chris Cariaso paraná Dino super
dragon I'm Nadine yeah
now it's dinner time we're with Carol
and Kevin and the team and we're getting
the Fuji debated who did you get is a
Korean army soup that they invented
during the Korean War and they pretty
much take all kinds of processed meat
the spicy Korean soup beef instant
noodles and then American types of
cheese they throw it in there and it
turned into it
like all Korean so the reason why we're
getting this is I was on Instagram and I
sent this to Bob Baer because I saw this
chick do this and I'm like we gotta get
footage in we gotta go put a chicken
look at this shit right here oh yeah oh
look she eats it though I want all those
noodles in my mouth yeah we should
prioritize a little business an order
action it'll look like what I thought
so we added a miracle here is the first
time derivative this is our first time
at this restaurant and like Alpheus
always they always hook it up with all
the qualitative dishes Batali punch on
delicious hey fuck you shall be
motherfucker
so the Buddha's coming out hella fast
here everything's come now she's nothing
as searching the calculative old Ibiza
the table isn't big enough it's going to
do half and half on their sign and then
make it happen after that night thank
you so much you're so smart
ok and also she brought out the surprise
kimchi at comport with delicious and
also the refill on the noodle Jesus
opening it the bomb
if you have to litigate against the
world I'm after dinner it's time for
some dessert and then what are we
getting here so we're going at the Oreo
cream cheese now so that it's not your
regular Koreans no they are concedes it
with cream cheese to Lori over on top
and then drizzle
oh my no watch out my brain and they
stopped oh my goodness bitch now now
Nadine and Evan are arguing about it the
ice cream is enough the evidence a that
we need that the most - because they're
pretty big and the deme is saying that
we have to have more than two because he
could get a lot using Evans like what
you think Evan
what no look literally how do you open
what makes me more than you or unaware
thing I think you wanted to house
anymore the question is going to be a
part of our hockey
yeah I can't oh how is that mátalo can
i watch a portal under full party there
wasn't photos on your phone
Andy we wasn't going to possibly sure
well is this another poll yes off on the
role that aside
clearly if you get this tutorial
then
don't
I know I would be focused on that's not
here you know particulars a particular
oh okay or something how is it is
terrific
oh yeah oh it's very nice
erudite
good boys
not yet the champion is here
you don't mess it up
Oh
yes
there is a light chocolate they eat it
or you just want outlet welcome oriental
area what is grill but Oreo what I never
do gets brown Singh yeah if it's brown
it's chocolate
I just got back home from having an
awesome day got massage relax got to
hang out he's some yummy stuff she days
over tomorrow I gotta get back on the
program
um but I was able to eat some yummy
Korean food where my pup is at puppies
oh these guys people do commit me commit
me big beauty cute oh you got the jump
on me beauty pie
all right time to go to sleep tonight
off you got tomorrow
