good morning we are about mom's house
because um I bought her first I bought
it online I didn't know which actions
that are like I even went to the extent
of going through hey mom I'm thinking
I'm hitting a pearl I'm not sure what's
all I like so what do you think of these
in my mom's like that one looks too old
lady this one like oh perfect so doesn't
that a roll in to surprise a little bit
a little bit but then I don't know what
she likes true I don't I get a something
bad I was just like I know how I decide
what I am and I'm getting myself apart
so she just didn't even think anything
she never thinks about herself like
which is like she's getting she's
something else yeah are they thought
that's what I'm thinking
but yeah so the reason for that is um I
recently purchased an LV wallet for her
cause she's never really splurged on
herself she's always just kind of work
and whatever she had she just like gave
it to us first and then she just
whatever leftovers so she's never she
likes brand she likes luxurious because
she's never been the person to just
splurge on her sausage myself so now
that I have a little bit of money like a
very little bit more money than I used
to
I want to splurge on her behalf and
soiled her so I saw her person was so
busted on my car we're going to have a
nice LV wallet and a busted-ass purse
mom so I've motivated to get her a purse
right because she lives in the hood I
didn't want to get her something I was
very attention-grabbing because I don't
want her robbers tickets wife yes I got
something a little bit more low profile
and you guys will see what I got her all
right yeah five minutes let me show you
cause a meatloaf I don't know
I got your present but you're like have
you heard of salvador Ferragamo give her
to him
okay yeah a very famous designer is
holding up their website Louise a ton my
awesome and it is big name that you can
mean does not huge so I want you to take
this is luxury brand okay it's my life
hahaha
go crazy
this one's cute yeah so this crazy pics
I hope we can do it you can you can you
have move it oh no which one oh is this
layoff nothing crazy okay oh that's nice
it's a nice color
oh yeah little poor linear hop and I
take him from the park they're different
sizes being cut and has your outside
value like you now so many pockets on
the inside that you like but usually
redstone that development so this one in
turn is that
generally nice color right I liked a lot
good job Oh a little bit smaller same
cut mmm now you get so much 100 both
very nice hole oh wow
chicken so it's genuine Leonard
Roman though I try to stray away from
mother but when it comes to quality
goods
I do like quality and this in the last
week on time signal Pro totus small all
right in and I found that that was kind
of small especially looks like for me
and much for my knees now let's the sink
and then this one is a little bit bigger
it looks bigger than it feels better
oh it's worth talk to Bart yeah it
doesn't look as day and even though the
mayor
that's okay I let you know if you'll
follow me not you want all these oh is
it back in your regimen nice okay okay
got to look bigger it is having to move
it today huh or if you got the stuffing
I like Allosaurus stinky okay I'm okay
now okay let's collapse yeah yeah
too big huh yeah okay three its own
problem
do you like black I didn't as I wanted
to colors that better yeah just want it
again I left it discreet so then who
knows labels will know like bullshit and
then they want to come after me because
know if I'm not here and now because
there are others friends
dad you're purposely chose a brand
that's pretty up there but not too many
people know about yeah and that's good
people yeah it's more of a classy brand
it's a brand that likes a lot of like
business people have a wall street and
stuff they know about but they're not
really flashy you know like people that
like nice things for our flashy me yes
like that okay
congratulations you have a new person
yet it ain't it I don't want to see out
of the fridge so I told I told them on
like how are you going to have a
Louboutin wallet in a busted freaking
bag now that looks so much better listen
very good and then uh this is you just
take this off this is our logo here -
that's what I have to show up now just
the name alone next go ahead like then
will they be strong I'll slap haha it's
so nice to image have to follow me right
well tell you people you're gonna have
to give me a makeover and yeah love love
love curse on that barbell now and I
must give a little recap you guys saw my
mom's I started tearing up cuz she's
just always like good please no day care
me think Ivers up and she's still giving
me she's so sweet she's so genuine
the I started tearing up oh my god damn
it I could give it to you and I never
want to do this up in order to brag um I
just love highlighting these moments
because I get you and they're like going
back and watching Disney when like ah I
remember doing this now and I'm so glad
that I not only have a picture but I
have a moving picture so it's really
really cool and something I kind of
recommend that you guys do oh god and I
was having a good day I fell rent came
in
oh hello YouTube family friends there's
always something I recommend you guys do
is start documenting your memories I
think that's really really really super
cool um because you never know you know
like your memory is only so good and
then pictures can only say so much right
and pictures are beautiful not knocking
pictures or photography or any of that
but you can never mimic a moving picture
like you can go literally back into that
time watch it and it's like it's like
nothing else
so documenting memories I think that's
really really cool but I was just happy
I was able to make my mama happy and
give her something because I worked so
fucking hard and I will never brag about
anything that I have because I really
don't have much but I'm just happy that
I'm able to give that
and give her stuff that I know she would
never do for herself so right now it's
starting off with material things but
eventually I want to give her an
experience you know so um because I
couldn't make it to kissing KC's wedding
for Paris I did buy the tickets I
couldn't get them refunded so I have a
year to use them so I was like mom I'm
bringing your ass to Paris like that was
something her my dad um we're planning
but you know with his passing and and
all of that things really got put on
hold but now I'm like booked out you're
living a fuckin life you can't expose
you to the world you're going to have a
good time but yeah so I'm happy I was
able to show you guys that very special
moment in my life but now I'm at the gym
I'm gonna try to get some training done
and we'll see how it would go
all right the gym was way too damn
Crazy's pack and just button them up
everywhere that I just was not going to
be put away and start blogging so now we
were at the office we don't let the brig
advance nothing nothing pretty good yeah
is a pretty bit you so cute when they
look pretty best
please don't chew into the bridges I'm a
little bit deeper and it's fucking hot
in here so we have been number one going
and then I got banned them for two on
high-speed over here that's going and I
turn on the fuckin AC but it's still so
damn op but see how hot it is in here
let's see the seat is 80 mother-effing
degrees inside there's no reason why
should be 80 degrees in here and it's a
cumin so it feels sticky is gross we
don't want Bo and meatloaf
what if my boy meatloaf what am i boy
meatloaf
well then we got my girl yeah we got my
girl in the house oh we got my girl fine
hey girl corn
who's been getting saturd and in Lubbock
she goes had an issue with her weight
and I know more hot baby you get a bad
girl I love it I love it you can't do
your ribs anymore I hated that okay so
where should we get into some meetings
um
so I'm going to shut the hell up getting
to be meeting so they can come back and
record some more shit
let's go
ah
alright guys so from the office made our
way back home I'm in baby Kwanzaa room
and things are looking a little bit
better even though it's super
disorganized it's an organized chaos
type of organized it's not as bad I have
a lot of laundry I want to do because
this baby is going to come in about a
month and everyday I get more and more
tired this is a bunch of linen and
bedding that I want to take care of
before the baby gets here I even bought
super cute I even bought baby hangers
there's so little for the baby clothes I
have a pack here and I already put away
and another stuff came what did it do
with it oh here it is my sister-in-law
actually recommended this for me it's a
baby white weren't enough she recommend
this with cific rain but I saw the
reviews they look pretty good and I have
witnessed this firsthand when a newborn
is born they're just used to your own
body heat so anytime there's like an
extreme change in climate they get
really fussy and it's just really
uncomfortable for them so of course
they're going to cry because they can't
talk into it what the fuck is fucking
cold put the focus on it hot they just
cry but when I visited my nephews at the
hospital they were using baby wipes on
them and you know how baby wipes are wet
and they're kind of cool in a hospital
it's supposed to be really cold just to
kind of kill all the germs but they have
there um so you can imagine the keyboard
babies being wrapped what's diaper you
have to change em take off this wet
diaper so he's already wet at this point
then to get a wet wipe or a wet baby
wipe the the hospital is cold - the wet
nap or baby why don't I keep changing
the name gets cold they put it on this
poor warm body this poor newborn and
he's like yeah so my sister said to
avoid making your baby feel
uncomfortable get him a warm wipe see
you're just so baby comfort there
so I picked this up um I picked this up
cause I do want to save my nipple so
their nipple pumps or breast pumps i
touches two breasts this is number one
and in breast this is number two and I
thrown it on and it starts sucking at my
titties because you can imagine
something sucking on your fucking nipple
that's already really sensitive for like
like multiple times in an hour or maybe
once every hour dude my nipples are
going to be chaste and raw and then be
fucked up sigh rabbit preserve my
beautiful doubles and all off for a
fucking breast pump never use wonder
before IV never had a kid before but I'm
down with it and it's also cool I think
I can like you know get the hippest
Tatas to produce a milk put the milk in
the vapor bottles put the bottles away
for a couple hours I can go out do my
errands poplar or grandma to stay with
them give them the proper nutrition of
my my breast milk and the baby's still
going to go so it's a win-win for
everybody you know the saying the Emma
delivers more organizing um it just
needs to happen before this child is
born because I don't feel like I'm
behind but every single day I get more
and more and more exhaustive quicker so
I want to avoid any last-minute stuff so
once we care it now so it puts a bunch
of shit to wash so let's do it
that was some pretty cool being inside
the washer footage but for all you
newbie moments I didn't even know this
but you want to get special detergent
for your babies this is what I use
because uh a lot of the detergents for
adults have a lot of chemicals and since
your newborn babies are literally new
they're not used to other chemicals so
this is what I'm going to use so I've
been using for my baby so just ahead
that future Mama's alright going to take
a mini break from organizing so that I
can go get dinner that my momma made an
account wait to show you what she made
all oh my god this woman who cook
alright so I just got to my mom's house
I literally just got here you can tell
from me getting out of the car and I
have to show you this bar becomes a big
puffy baby when he doesn't need this is
rare sight for you guys but not for me I
cheated
look if this guy is fucking miserable he
couldn't drive made me drive a pregnant
woman with a kickin baby in her stomach
I asked you if you can't drive I'll
Drive and he's starving and he can't
think of anything else for getting food
let's go big baby open the door on but
also move this powerful big baby hurry
up come on I was gonna get roles later
huh can we get Charles better yeah hi
shadow hi baby
don't get married I just getting married
it's awesome
we're eating in my brother's house all
right this is what I'm talking about oh
god yeah
the lens was dirty I just want to talk
about some Amami food lots of our
chicken I don't know where this comes
from but she fucking killed it it's
chicken with cilantro line both apples
carrots and then she makes solution rice
and Bart no one has yet and I'm just
kidding no one cares but I'm trying to
make part feel bad because I want to eat
here he made a play he's like Bob oh no
one's eaten and you're going to eat
already
are you thinking pick it up ah no one's
even sit look at there's nobody there
nobody there nobody there nobody there
nobody here oh so rude is this magical
mom yeah mom always makes magical food
hell yeah she does
alright so we are home now poplars and
fed but now he's complaining that just
toy and he wants to do it
retire you want to do it yeah I'm
looking for stuff don't have too much
desert stuff at home no oh I probably
killed it all sorry that's probably all
me you want to go to the store and get
some I'll go with no I'm too tired to
make a quick run guys guys let's go wait
the party the clothes are popping off
right now the plate of the starts of 10
o'clock
not a supermarket Club let's go I'll go
with you I'm never willing to go I
wanted to know low voices fuck it then
hormones all right well we had a
successful day a wonderful dinner at my
brother's house
oh can you show them a video well anyway
I don't want to spoil it but father has
had those might be a little maybe spoke
away but my little niece love soprano
sure she loves to lip-sync she loves to
dance
um so when every time she's dancing it
she makes us watch her she puts on a
show
so then part mimic the way that she
dance she's got a little bit of fiendish
you think I don't know you mean so to me
and now they have like this little
battle going on back and forth so he
battled her mimicking her she dent she's
battling him back and it was a lot of
fun but we'll have to show you that in
the next upcoming video so thank you
guys so much for watching my day hope
you guys had as I say this guy is on a
mission so you are have a beautiful
morning afternoon night and see you
later
