what up guys I'm visiting a longtime
friend today I've been knowing him in
the fitness industry for like four years
now but because our schedules are always
so off we're never able to hang out even
though we're both from SoCal but since
KC and TIFF are in Paris it's been a
blessing in disguise that Marber can't
go the doctor recommended her to not
slide pregnant that I actually have this
free time to come visit him so I'm
visiting Randall from live fit and it's
the first time I get to tour is building
I'm really excited so I'm actually not
too sure if I'm supposed to go in from
the back or the front this place is kind
of big and the front looks like there's
a reception area but I also don't know
if there's that corporate to hire a
receptionist so I'm much hi the front
first because I think it will be weird
if I just showed up in the back and
we'll see how that goes
all right so here's the front door let's
see okay no and here it seems like let's
see it says just signs lift fit suite
102 is upstairs
out the door around the corner wait
that's so many directions is upstairs
out the door and it all sound like a
joke like up your butt around the corner
alright is up so I gotta go upstairs
first no but this is another companies
with dicks it's metal wait so am I
supposed to go into dicks or do they
mean around the corner first some of us
do not let's go 102 oh maybe I'll go
around the corner and then upstairs but
they worded it wrong alright I'm gonna
go upstairs first
I mean I'm around the corner
BAM one or two is right there so it's
around the corner open the door
go upstairs maybe then put Scott on
legit so I need to get a buzz in is
there a camera here they're going to see
Who I am
see oh shit this is locked I knew it see
what happens
hi hello
they just hang up on me
they just hung up on me I don't know oh
okay uh I have a pizza delivery did
someone order pepperoni pizza
you wanna come in yeah okay okay
this is a so high-tech are you still on
the line
the other because the other a little bit
people
these are the livery
Oh milady ivona oh okay just come up
first
they're like mumbling stuff come
upstairs come upstairs
close the door open yes this box dude
there's our scared people if I hadn't
ducked people in the front what I so
going upstairs here's the stairs all
right one step at a time take the
sunglasses off so I don't look
threatening see what's going on here a
lot of people so we are in the right
place hello I hate it
Hey Dude given all the dirt not too bad
cool um where's Randall ah well over
here pretending like he's working you
ready to get all that
will you play bathroom right oh I didn't
stretch Hey
oh this place is dull dude that's cool
that's nice
mmm okay cool awesome dude this place is
sick so this is where they shoot all
their photos I'm assuming you always got
that white wall a clean ass white wall
in the background
they probably set up little shoots here
with that burgundy background of course
and his Lambo gotta floss that people
know what time it is
and then
hot ass girls and pictures clothes what
are you guys working on over there
designing some new new can it be on
camera or not oh well this is like
generally on a daily we just like pump
out content that whatever like a stock
committee that's tired the man right
there hey what's up dude you wanna how
are you Jill dude hurry good this place
is fucking sick man
Congrats I don't you guys been here for
like 10 years already buddy it's like
one reason here love it
orangie sent into the lab also this is
the last get into the lab right here so
that's all just like I'd like blurt out
or something SD notice okay peek now and
then this is where all our designers at
photographers videographers they all
work in-house here coming up with just
like new new projects new vendors and
just all the creative ideas are sparking
here yeah we have this area here where
we shoot our models and on products some
things like literally in-house what's
your secret to attracting like the
sexiest guys and the sexiest girls all
the time
six guys because all I ever see are like
the sexiest dudes and looking at you
guys's pictures make me bisexual so
people that don't know what is listed
all about how did it start my stuff -
mm-hmm
which is pretty much a stem off of my
personal training brand yeah but prior
to that I've always been the like street
where we've always been into clothing
I've done clothing I sure of my own
silkscreen business I used to all the
tonnage streetwear brand
I've seen those throwback those I
teachers where you're like oh my that's
supposed to hike with all that stuff and
then lawless personal training you know
made sure my clients yeah
kind of just snowball from there you
know one one sure design turn to another
turn to another turn to online store
turn into a lambo ties it at so six
years you you hello respect that yeah
let's do it yeah
pretty much yes like I stepped off of a
tree or what I've been through yeah so
so what's the next term we're going to
check out I'm going to go into the paint
off this I guess right now we're
customers through this inventory product
management wholesale accounting HR the
haul it all right here
I still I don't know where she's gone
lunch we're saying okay yeah sees more
sexy people
okay what did you do just activity how
you see the mailman
oh yeah just paper oh nice yeah these
are guy that dogs walking around with a
cup of coffee looking like these videos
and yeah that's a guy okay that position
yes that's all ears in this is my office
right here all this is a little messy
actually Abdullah really misty so that's
tight I just ordered like well not be
specifically about 14 skateboard decks
oh nice canals tell me we're doing some
rebranding in and so I was trying to put
a like one letter per skateboard deck to
kind of like outfitter office all that
if you don't yeah in the JK office once
we moved in we kind of decorated that
place but the barbell side of Dayton is
really bared they are all the same yeah
it's like this one it's kind of like
this but then it'll be like sectioned
off right right all right yeah you're
going to come down during visit to yeah
but yeah this is your office as a dolt
initially so this module is my just
emails and just like private pork and
stuff yeah don't I spend a lot of time
in the lab with the guys I do the
creative stuff as well yeah I'm like the
creative
using direction well yes so this is it
right here this is time now yes I gotta
fucking claim you okay she screws out
here will bother them but we're turning
this room preggers into the showroom oh
don't done yet but we're gonna turn it
into a table that's guys up it'll be
like a yeah but mine's coming in may be
landing accounting stuff yeah yeah yeah
let's guy takes care of all that
inefficient office but that's the big
world real works getting down what why
not hold on YouTube so what stop to read
all about another another bandit got
them stuff but just more of a street
where side yeah you know there's more
Street where focus less Fitness won't
get less lot of nothing Fitness actually
so that's the time black and white it's
really clean to shit I was wearing a
really simple stuff both really taking
the quality of it you know not show up
and just beggin ya it's not even working
on like shed um and stuff yeah and
that's what I see denim right now we're
doing like but now it's we're working on
like it has and just leather accessories
as well we're doing I'll show you sure
to showed you right there like this
whole leather leather collection with a
a duffel a backpack in like a Walton
shit ball like I'm a general mother good
stuff so yeah this is another business I
have to we do like canvases and shit
Oh time yeah so we make canvases for
myself for the brand for other people
too as well manufactured ship it out for
whoever yeah that's all good it's the
one that we do this without fear so yeah
afters ice cream yeah we made 15 of
these to go to all locations tomorrow
practically they got to deliver today
and then
so they'll be displayed with our shirts
tomorrow launching at five o'clock
Danna know how we're going to get that
out tomorrow should enough that's that's
business everything's supposed to be
done yesterday all the time and it's our
little boardroom here we need it look
down and have a game of sick need be
yeah yeah more like yeah ooh a box of
rubber laid and yes the whole trip
without fucking bad dude did you order
stuff are you setting aside that's time
thank you
that's dope roll away stuff dope house
would drop yesterday on it yeah that's
cool man so we gotta go that way but
let's cruise to be oh yeah actually you
guys know break rooms look like a
monster something now I'm Dick Van Sant
like kicking cases with monsters for a
fuck yes the breaker all cool you know
you gotta have a couple couple meals
yeah yeah just in case it gets you
hungry every night frosted s crew to do
like chips and shit clip this and you
know yeah go ahead down to the war house
well-connected doctors so I thought you
built a gym down there - yeah well mini
gym dude you're training there you still
trained on like a regular gym I just you
all right here just easier hardest bang
it out yeah yeah yeah work this is B
Warhol jams like Home Depot yeah that's
tight
going to stop so we only use like the
first floor get the Orange County
regulation we can't go up until if we do
we got to pay a little extra you know
they always have to pay something you do
anything you want about your patient
exactly yeah so bug skateboard ramp
Aztecs yeah
so we heal we house the online stock
right here yeah so literally everything
is organized by the T yeah inventory all
that stuff all online accordingly
yeah um like a warehouse manager and us
we all decide where things go but
everything is all super organized with
the brands with top grades look fit with
all the SKUs like outerwear girl dick
all the hats and stuff but yeah this is
world a lot of picking and packing takes
place takes place nice
that's right they're doing the inventory
cycle count we do inventory counts every
quarter I believe or yeah or every so
often they do a section at a time yeah
you know like our internal audit that we
do yeah because ever since we were small
the issues that we've always been
running it - its inventory yeah that's a
big issue it's a big big thing so I mean
solid I was in the military and then I
ran supply administration and so we're
doing inventory all the time because
losing backpackers in canteen zoos and
all kinds of stuff that's title game
room the game room yeah guys this is the
little war housebreaker
aren't you gonna be working or something
some guys doing dude eating Chipotle
playing game super smash bros all day
that's that but you already did play
that this is a university right here
yeah exactly
this is literally a university life okay
I'll take it out that push another very
few what is that it's the family manga
on yeah yeah they're a smart nice world
who what do you I start the fridge with
yeah hey I'm a good friend because it
now I'll start on what I'll go driving
home now had a really dull and fun time
Chella with Randall
if it is it's bigger and definitely
ahead of barbell brigade in terms of
business we start around the same time
but I think because Randall is able to
focus on lid fit and solely on lists
that you'll be able to put all that
energy and one thing and help it grow
tremendously and I think for barbell
because my time is split between J Kane
and Marlowe I wasn't able to devote as
much energy so now that he's ahead of me
it was really cool to like pick his
brain here's some of the insights that
he's been going through and a lot of the
stuff that we've us problem barbell
brigades they're also dealing with the
same team so it's cool for for like from
one business owner to another to see
that both businesses in the same space
are going through the same problem and
we're not alone you know a lot of times
I think when you're just going through a
life and you feel like your life is
really really hard and going down why
why does my life suck so bad awesome
only that thing has happened to me and
you talk to other people and they
realize actually everyone has problems
and not everyone's life is smooth and it
was just cool to kind of see how he was
able to troubleshoot overcome some
problems and then he asked me some of
the stuff that he's that we're going
through and I was able to offer some
advice to him those corners build a kind
of trade solution like that without
awesome now I'm driving back home mom
pair told me she missed me very much in
fact and she was supposed to come but I
didn't just because then she's pregnant
she's not able to travel very long but
she gets really really uncomfortable
just want to be in the car plug in
Howard so I'm going back home in the
meantime I had two proteins beat extra
bro to keep me full because this morning
I did eat french toast which is a no-no
but every now and then when I'm on that
diet I just gotta stuff something
unhealthy my mouth and then it gives me
a little break to go on and faster so
listen in to the new not be sure what my
thought about this
the Compton album by dr. Dre splitting
12 album are watching the the defiant
one series on HBO and it's really really
cool talked about Jimmy Iovine II and
also dr. Dre and how they came up and
how they sold beats the headphone comes
in two for three billion dollars to
Apple and a lot of its now travel so
dope off like I got to buy it
gotta buy it support let me do it so go
back home
just come home let's see Ole Miss is top
oh shit I just scratch that damn it's a
bitch here here's the moon anyone else
mess Papa he's fine oh there's someone
over there
hey the big guy whoa this is a nice
setup
Ferragamo huh Oh someone's been buying
some expensive stuff mother doesn't seem
like anyone missed it miss green any
local buyers it goes up to tears alright
what you have to third place well stay a
little freakin furry but say one more
but I'll two ugly buddies your butthole
let's see Marvin what you disappeared
here you go what are you doing over
there my bad did you miss anyone
is there a reward Evan yeah
being a big fat kiss thank you present
Oh stinky breath of course no stinky
breath
haha fuck and their father again
oh hey it looks like it stings like
crazy right off the mountain uh I didn't
drink any water all done that's the
modesty hopefully you got everything set
up is that clear work you know yet
wirelessly awesome because my dad he
wants to want to write a letter and
what's there to print something well
thank you big shot
I'm so spoiled oh you're very spoiled
I've been craving very ice-cold water in
an ice-cold Oh like your teeth or box of
fucking break off it's like perfect
Oh shout out to be a trend for making
these crusts yeah I use it everyday
every single time okay I see GG this one
yeah wait you Morgan no it's crazy you
need to get sponsored by GoPro because
you are their number one Supporter this
right here it's just all pro shit cuz
I'm a professional filmmaker that's why
you is just you're so disorganized oh
did you label that for me yeah well well
done this is all GoPro stuff we even
have a little what is it on top again
the gimbal yeah we have two gimbals a
bunch of battery chargers a bunch of
extra batteries go codes in here and you
have all these whole thing is nothing
but adapters Darrell I don't know is
that like a hasty scepter can floaty
thing a much bigger professional top
freakin
Vickie see my bottle
this is also pro and assignment
including the new one interest spot
that's downstairs my garage
you're nuts what do you think funny did
you look at me like that
oh hey what I say when I say all about
my old Marine Corps freaking graduation
DVD yeah high pass in review yeah I've
been doing this all day really dirty
mama no yeah I ordered food daughter
should be here I just have my head
sticking out too much I'm not used to me
of course higher higher I'll do Hana how
much you miss me they call they say they
love pathetic Gio every time or I get
fucking pathetic for the miss you so
much
I miss my best soldier I was texting and
telling everything that was happening
and look look what a mic my hands are in
her secret spot
this is the reverse choke so he's really
kind of he's choking the battle oh you
can't feel good
yeah
bring it bring if you like it yeah me
love why do you look so guilty if you
lose the trustees like washes back with
that let's go ahead on me though
why don't you have you been to jail huh
you don't trust no one no what do you
think right now now thinking I could you
and I know what's wrong with me love
biggie is not good but Oh everyone's
just getting comfy all right oh so much
you guys when I'm going downstairs
because I time for me to train and do
cardio you guys to stay up here
or you guys could come hang out let's
meet one but I'm going to go out this
bar Wow I'm doing a funny thing oh cool
okay
yeah she likes it she needs money
see she likes it you agree you want to
do I mean I don't take my okay fun go
out there what did you get my back you
don't want to know woo I feel it
everywhere
did you only go for this I know
gumbo bidded well I know what happened
it was really hot for the plastic melted
oh shit zomb long clown walk well what's
in this one oh I love fucking red what
are you I was I should smell like it's
nice
you're busting your mom you're busted Oh
mom I got a do cardio because I'm street
fat do I close it look hot
fine I got my water ready I love root
beer
god damn it is magical
nowaday just finished cardio I did about
an hour of cardio I did traditional the
boxing stuff I've induced some forms I
worked on my legs I did a pull my
hamstring so I'm rehabbing it can't do
any high kicks so all my kicks are like
wasting below any time I go a little bit
up the waist on the poles on it so I'm
still trying to do what I can to prep
for the movie and lose weight and my
weight loss is going pretty good if you
follow the Baba Brigade YouTube channel
I'm down to like 192 I was 191 two days
ago but then I had a high sodium meal
and then so now I'm back up a little bit
but cardio went really really good super
it's like oh by the way we just
restocked on these flea shorts so if you
guys are looking for training shorts
head over to Bardot brigade comm you
guys see how fast these items fly so
don't sleep on it because you might see
it now you wait a little bit is gone I
think for our super high demand a
delivery in the comments and we are
going to preorder going to have
pre-order and I think we just might
because I would like for everyone to be
able to get one if they want one but
these police ones we just restock them
so if you want to wait for the pre-order
you could just go ahead and get them I
really like it has a super comfy and
they live hella raw so it's good for
like all kinds of sports now I think I'm
going to go catch my breath before I go
anywhere and then see what else is what
still I love in the bag beat me up you
son of a bitch got knocked up my back
game and talk right now just finished
taking a shower feels really good
let's go check up on mob and see what
she's doing
there what are you doing
take a break you look so comfy this bed
is really comfy I thought you were
organizing this room I was busting my
back is so tired
it gets so tense Center left my back a
little bit do I just go on a date
instead then ha gonna be yeah where I
don't do anything you can go to watch a
movie - so many cute things get dinner I
pick I just did our have another dinner
I get a smell good ice cream only if you
want to you don't want these no stain on
my understand I know you're very very
tough mother likes it homeless Asha I
know I do I do I just think the ladies I
like that
oh shit down Double Dragon what their
union yet there's literally like they
just both put the head down the same
time fat freaky you guys are freaking
crazy and the Fonz yeah are the yin and
yang no denying it no they're just right
next to each other but they're literally
moving at the same time that's freaking
stir that me three another girl next
good
I would I would personally love to have
a girl you know and then we would call
it quits
cut the do boom done diesease yeah you
have to uh so I just learned that the
dads are the ones in charge of the house
yes yeah because that's are in charge of
the house and they should be a very
respected and worship a them no
seriously
scientifically it's it's been proven
that the mills are the ones that
determine the baby sex yeah that's crazy
I had an idea because women are xx the
chromosomes right yeah they carry the X
and the X and then males to carry the X
and the y yeah so that's why they're the
ones that determine it not the girls yes
I go there wasn't even have a why - good
yeah I know that's something to say so
if girls had dicks right yeah and we
just fucked other girls
we would never and like get them
pregnant we would never have boys but
you wouldn't be able to get them
pregnant you don't have the the aren't
you technically I can't have been
pregnant but I just would never make a
boy true what happened over there can
walk yourself over you're just doing
then they love this are they screwing
things up
Hey oh yeah it's early but he won't even
bond a us a home I'll help you mmm oh
god I wish I wasn't such a fucking lot
older hey where's this guy going don't
I'm too loud
sorry for disturbing your noodles
where's going I don't know you just
walked out whatever you do I don't know
Wow the nerve of that guy
you lived here for free yeah he didn't
pay any food bills gonna pay for any
food is maybe bills
isn't clean we pick up a shit yeah how
dare you walk out of here yeah who do
you think is so you wanted what I do you
want to stay home beyond yeah I can't
stay home sister I feel like I'm
rejecting you though or there's no
comment yeah I think make sure you have
a good time that's all I have a good
time any time I pillow you down and not
so my body cuz it feels so heavy no date
night means stick into the diet so I
have my meal preps which is actually a
good thing so I don't go and order some
crazy stuff also earlier this morning
early left earlier on this morning my
bag but some art supplies which I'm very
very happy for because ma bear is very
creative and I like seeing my bit
creative
would you get um so I just got some
drawing sheets I was gonna get
mixed-media sheets because then that
means I could put it like water color
acrylic pen pastel charcoal or whatever
but um they didn't have this size and I
like how big this is
yeah I just got drawing sheets
and then I'm just going to practice it's
a lot of acrylic I've never really
played with acrylic too much and I just
got interested in it just because I want
to do a bunch of little projects for our
baby boys room I didn't want it I want
to put art up but I don't want to put
random people's art up
yeah part of my own art up so I want to
just start messing with it so in
addition to get getting this I wanted to
test and push myself a little bit so I
got some acrylic paint whoo I don't even
know if this is good quality paint or
not but I just figured it has 48 colors
I know I could probably mix a lot of
these things myself but because I'm just
going to practice and just playing
around I'm not going to take it too
crazy serious um then I'm just like I'm
just going to buy this play with it get
my skill level up and then um once I do
that then you know then I'll go for the
hit then I hope for the craziest stuff
yeah and then I just got primary colors
just when I can mess more with it again
so if I wanted to change things up I
make different colors um I can do that
so that was my purchase today looks nice
yeah I already have paint brushes I have
all that ready to go pop I already
bought me my dope little art station you
guys I said oh yeah you just have to set
it up for me cuz on the way I like to
paint and my drawing stuff um usually I
like my work station really really
really neat but anytime I notice when I
get creative I like to see shit
everywhere and I like to be kind of a
little bit more aggressive with things
so if I paint here like for sure it's
getting on me it's getting on the trick
is getting every River so um I want to
extrav a station where I can just fuck
that all up and it's good and I won't be
like Pok oh no it's gravel I'm trying to
clean it so yes I'm just putting on
poplar but I feel like I'm getting a lot
of impatient the more I'm organizing the
baby room and ro do the room I'm like
cools I could get that out of my head
space so the night could be more
creative so like the more I get I felt a
little bit what happened the more I see
decided you're running out of energy the
more I see that that is getting
organized the more inches
start going into this so I feel like I'm
going to like priority stuff in my head
yep that's it for today it's time for
our thank you it's time for me amount of
air to spend some quality Maude Bearpaw
bear time see you guys
basics tomorrow I have to show you guys
some bad news though some bad news bad
ears back years Oh cute I like a little
taller
