what are you guys doing we're trading
joy what is this this is our cover-up
for what what is it actually you can
know the camera lens better Cup yeah we
cool cocaine all cool so she's all
coffee in there yeah how nice
so today we're at our manufacturer we're
going to check up on the status on some
of the new launches so Evan and the dam
right here and I take some photos take
some videos so that we can make really
cool videos on them and I'm really
excited because I haven't been back here
in a little bit so it's cool to always
see the thing that we created inside our
office and our creative office but see
it manufactured physically so Marie is
already here and we're going to go
inside there's Marie Henry IFFA oh yeah
okay I see you again how are you so
what's the update update is everybody's
ready okay cool
awesome earlier your this is your house
what's my shirt is that why are you in
such a huge shirt you got the new style
oh yeah the 90s are coming in it's so
crazy because I grew up in a period
where all the clothes are huge didn't
got hella tight' and then I barely got
used to wearing joggers and fitted
clothes and I'm now I'm used to wearing
clothes my size and also times going
back so now I have to go back to when
the big-ass clothes again especially so
long to adjust whoo there's some quick
secrets there's a some secrets over here
and then there's like some speakers over
there and over here there's a most
secrets over here they're getting ready
for battle printing okay we're going to
power up your machines right now and
like clean up like like the back
neckline comes up on this one and then
they're going to go ahead and start
printing on that one where they're not
so what we got going on now with that Oh
burning a screen guys making the care
label on the back of the I don't know if
you could see but yep there you go oh
yeah top secret those two little beads
that you see that is going to be our new
rebranding logos so we've been working
really hard and the old school logo also
it's dope it's not completely original
if you know pirate ships it's in on all
kinds of companies and we've always
wanted our own Nike swoosh and so you
heard it here personal tell anybody but
that those two bees are completely
custom and that is our Nike search that
no one can ever copy and no one else
will ever come close and so that's kind
of a new dope rebranding we're going
through so we're testing some of the new
rebranding designs and we're just going
to keep it basic we're going to roll out
with the new branding if you want to
like cloud it with all kinds of crazy
design jet so now we're just testing
these prints on the fabric so for
example our new hoodies our original
banana small but is our musical it's
updated more aggressive with the new
logo new design so that will be printed
there's another one this is a more
classier cleaner version Marvo Brigade
shuttle coil to here and then uh Nadine
is filming by some super dope
sensational
I did okay yeah so pretty much all the
stuff that we creative conceptually on
paper in the office is next to the
actual material possesses specify how
far word from the caller how far away
from the sleep and I was going to wait
to print all the stuff so the printing
process of t-shirts is actually pretty
complicated usually the idea starts off
on like pen and paper and then you bring
it into Photoshop or illustrator and in
creepeth design and digitizer right then
afterwards you burn it on a screen like
this so screams like this you burn it on
to here and then once you burn it on
this screen or this projected paper then
you take it to that screen over there
and then you actually turn it on there
then what they do is they wash the
screen out like how you saw outside
where they're blasting it out and then
they take it over to the stable machine
and so wherever the screen were burned
out of that's where the ink passes
through so when you put the ink on the
whole thing
the heat is only going to come through
where it's lighter color and then it
comes down to the shirt and then then
they heat the shirt through this giant
machine it could up through this
conveyor belt and then finally it comes
out the other side and that's how the
print on the shirt stayed pretty much
permanent for the life of the shirt and
that's kind of the process so for each
individual shirt it has to go through
pretty much the whole process the
burning of the projector that only
happened once the burning of the screen
only has to happen once but once you put
that into the rotating machine that's
when every single shirt has to go
through there and then every single turn
comes out after individually and then
someone has to
and pull them put it in the plastic bag
put the labels on and then ship it up so
it's really cool to kind of just see the
whole process unfold because you know
when you go buy and share whether it's
like five bucks or 30 bucks whether it's
the Chiefs or really expensive shirt
where we're so accustomed to just seeing
shirts readily available that it's easy
to take for granted how much work it
goes into making one especial really
really cool one so even for me like I
own the company but for me to come here
to look at the comic man I forgot how
much went into making these shirts
though even I feel really sure but
what's crazy is he just puts a neck
label on and that's a hit and now I have
to go back and the oven one more time
to make sure it gets take down properly
for every single hit so for the can
label that's one hit there's an actual
back hit where the design is and then
there's a front chest hit every single
one of those hits that shirt have to go
through the oven one time so each one of
these shirts including the one that I'm
wearing because it has the same amount
it went to the oven three times is that
how much work goes through making one of
these shirts that's just pretty crazy
there's a front chest in there and now
we're preparing the states to put the
label on a lot of work actually goes
into making just one of these t-shirts
pretty nice so I pretty much
double-checked all the things we'll be
launching in October and everything
looks good to go so I'm going to sell
all the labels on and then from that
point on we're just going to start
manufacturing and then order all the
inventory we need for the website and
the gym and everything is good to go on
that end now we're starving and I'm
going to go get some food oh so we also
placed and I found this piece that has
lamb wrapped and the Middle Eastern food
looks bomb it's called former factory I
am so hungry somewhat I think my game
plan is half is going to be diet
friendly and it will probably get like
chicken and rice or something in the
other half I got to get something
delicious and the lamb looks bomb yeah
here we go actually the run of people
here and still waiting so I don't think
we're going to come here I was actually
really looking for to this place because
of the food we got to eat somewhere else
what do you guys want to eat guys in the
mood for every bar we do that's extra
unhealthy Holly Golightly what do you
like drumsticks sighs ah it wins this to
us to hassle it's like this big - oh me
but when you get five chicken wins your
favorite well precious book is big but
these are talking little all black my
favorite part chicken is I yep I have a
lot of meat I know
hi
so our next best bet is this place
called spoon house it has four and a
half when I last four stars a thousand
reviews and it's Italian Japanese fusion
I think I heard Joe talk about this
place Elisa's is spaghetti here is hella
good so this is how we're gonna head see
looks pretty good me stop taking
pictures of restaurant
take it old and with exclusivity anchovy
let it heat okay try number two
hopefully it's not packed because now
we're kind of in a rush cause we're
supposed to meet up with Amanda Buchi to
train over adventists we got a allocate
time to drive but if this place is bomb
there might be a way
whoo not bad hello we have a table for
three weeks along
okay
what is he looking there's garlic and
peppers on one plate some tomato ball
any thought on the other plate I would
follow their what is that oh man I want
to be over there you guys look glam I'm
not their style water now you definitely
going to get what are you gonna get
first element triple money you always
get the number one and go so much
Landon born in our collection cold
however like were together in like
oh mama so he was not only the commander
what do you think about that it's number
one is do you don't know what what the
namespace number one gives you number
one that's white gay number one you can
hear the phone cause you can't decide on
it the most minute number one I feel
like I made a big mistake I got some
standard gotta look at that image toss
them all those aren't you gonna make it
oh there's like cream pasta
look at that pile of bacon yeah kind of
feel like I messed up now because I was
thinking too far ahead all right I'm
going to train in like an hour just
probably eat something that's gonna
digest that but looking at him make all
these masterpieces yeah should have got
one of those guys always making that
pepper that's what they
where's Luna with awesome as a specific
no force
yes like Italian Japanese
you know
area is put seaweed on top upon that in
order
sorry on pickle bite already on it is
eternal in trouble I get all the girl
then
university of illinois in learning the
chef's recipe computer
hurry younger - ooh
yeah yeah we got hey nobody agency and
Milani
my time the both mouthing it
well they good heavens I can't enjoy
here with the blue team hmm damn I
forgot that one don't really really got
my all-natural pre-workout I got a venti
iced coffee with a shot of espresso it's
still taking a little bit longer to kick
in I'm kind of tired because all the
carbs from the spaghetti but I didn't by
the time I'm done drinking it I should
be okay but we're going to meet up
Amanda and we're going to get ready to
why slurring my words when I'm drunk
we're gonna meet up Amanda and then
we're going to get the wait what's the
proper way what's the proper way to
what's the bro it's a sub smash some
weight how do people save you there
there's some drug we're going to throw
some weight marijuana we're going to
throw it what what eat horan know how do
what's the bro talk for like killing
wait man wait Tai Chi we're gonna
freakin get fired up I can't function
we're going to do some bro weight stuff
talk awesome
can you believe this out of all the
years that I lived in California and all
the years I've been lifting weights I
have never been to Gold's Gym and it's
the mecca of bodybuilding this is where
all the legend strains I'm actually
pretty excited now so Evan and Adi movin
they just mouthed to me because they
have a pretty strict no filming policy
here unless you're like one of the
Great's a caramel sort something or
something so I'm gonna have to put you
guys away but as soon as I can I'm going
to sneak you guys back up so we caught
up with Amanda and her boyfriend Bryan
she's over here training Bryan is
looking Jack
because he just likes showing off and
our first movement is rose and since
we're at Gold's Gym and we're outdoors
mandatory to take the shirt off and I'm
already sweating I only did one step so
far but it seems pretty fun I've never
been out here and it's a really really
cool experience you see all these
pictures all these bodybuilding legends
on the wall you're like man they used to
train out here it makes you feel kind of
like a legend and inspire is there a
reason why you train out here is because
you don't fight or no because I feel
small and them interno makes you want to
look smaller there's a ton of huge
people obviously because you can speak
for shirt office like how long is this
going to last because I heard it doesn't
even count it or shred of a bump like
that
all right so I gotta ask you guys a
question do you guys hit the same
exercises because you guys are together
or because it's convenient or any other
reason really no you guys on our own
program usually yeah first time together
a while is it because you guys fight all
the point when you guys are training
well I think how to fight what a
separate because me and Jill always
fight when we're training because I'm
always further push harder do anymore
it's just like that's a RPG 9 but
there's like RPG six or something more
assertive with each other and annoying
girl are our gears up first year yeah
dating we're in the honeymoon stage okay
right right right
you can do no wrong in the honeymoon
stage everything is telling me I guess
really under talking to my trip is our
listing we do I was talking to my
trainer actually listen the girl said
guys gotta go
yeah those muscles like maybe like carne
asada like all body
looks like you're trying to teach our
anatomy class something y'all individual
multiple neck we will cut them the
previous when you point out wow you're
so jacked
not like this
Oh
I have a did you lose 25 that Reaper
yes okay
okay I'll do one thing I'll run a Gorger
hi
by March 11th awful up
we just finished the workout
haven't done a bodybuilding workout in a
long long time it was really fun we
different set his shoulders and back
thank you for allowing us to work out
with you guys
you're welcome well we'll go to see like
how would a good host like uh like a
drink easy to do very what this is just
it's an Asian thing yeah a lot of like
the Asian girls like Japan instability
pictures like there's like I like that
or I don't know like yeah I know a lot
of Asian women
how about good it was good you
definitely talk Bob but we have seen I
haven't we haven't seen I haven't seen
you guys in like forever so it was a
good catch up classlist it's not crazy
about la is one pretty but it's so big
that anybody it takes me I love going
tomorrow and take me like 35 to 40
minutes to get there I don't think you
guys that long to but it's like I have
to plant expensive with 15-20 minutes oh
I thought you guys just ran away
so it's it's done
yeah for me it's like 35 minimum without
trust through everything when we were
three by the way I just walk out like it
sometimes and the last three times this
caramel you haven't been there
oh sorry nobody has I'll be this is 7
a.m. or a ten am ready
Jeremy little for Thursday I don't go on
Thursday Thursday I don't fall off the
Thursday I know if I have a doctor's
appointment with a baby a big design you
the fake one the woman is evil whole
time yeah okay what about Friday - damn
Friday night
see that's how hard it is to schedule
things in LA it's so hard we live the
same city but yes when I do like a very
good workout awesome
do you even work out what you mean I
bought you two pictures what your for
reunited with mama bear potato what are
we what are we doing here ah we are at
my brother's house to visit my little
bundles of joy nephew's Derek and
Dominik and just showing a lot of
support because I know right now they're
tired they're exhausted
you just need family around and the more
the babies get passed around the more
they get tired and then the less
appearance up the stress so it's a very
unifying type of an occasion you're at
school to just be around family because
I know I'm going to need it when display
the boy comes yeah that's why it's so
cool to have family you get to like
share the burdens of each other yes yeah
it really is because then like my
sister-in-law's family came over to cook
for them my mom's there now on like
helping them out with whatever so it's
really cool to have like a big family
and stuff yeah that's all Mexicans have
a good we do we always have theirs at
parties we always have someone over we
always have somewhere to be like it's
cool like there's always something going
on there's always someone like coming
back out of jail going back in jail
party going-away party it's better than
your family your family's cold as fuck
they're the ones fucking go do homework
Oh your face homework also I'm going to
give you some of my own homework Oh
what's a hug who knows you sound jealous
me yeah not at all fine so last time we
visited gos brother at the hospital
that's the first time I've ever held a
newborn in my hands I've held babies
before wonder like three months or six
months times I've never held a newborn
so today will be my second time because
I don't even think these babies are a
week old yet so we're gonna go see them
there few days old yeah there are a few
days old yeah the brand new that new new
yep and new should I just drop the
newest Mexicans in town yeah shadows
going nuts
he talks every time we get here
what a pleasant surprise
Hema hi mark
you look beautiful Peeta the babies are
not happy
you look ravishing but head type we were
talking about how it will be a nice time
to have a big family then we all can
spend it together be small babies are
born and then he goes yeah you know
Mexicans always always having to do what
did you say where they're going in and
out of jail not doing stuff like that
huh
what I just saved you like that like
making up lies you want me to press
rewind no yeah how much shit about my
cooking I never talked about the law
because I'm bullshit the why would I
marry what if I talk so much cuz you're
jealous cuz I wish I were Mexican Osito
Osito
hey Christopher
were you holding the dirt or Dominic you
guys was it this is the Dominic why
could the other eyebrow yeah he's so
angry human interest and Nicole and you
get Lester huh
Cosmo hey I know funny is the baby
holding the baby
it's available in the baby baby another
baby and it's another baby oh yeah you
are you're a baby and his mother play
bad omen it babe is oh not another baby
this is Derek yeah hey we get one with a
bottle for this one there's the biggest
baby
as if
very tight no sleep longer than alone at
the time visit this is Derek yeah
beautiful mother I don't trust you I was
holding him home you know that over
there
what there were holding double babies
right now tape in a line
what do you have yes yeah yes yes
Dominic is sweeping oh no nothing
he made a face like he was a comfy but
not make it nice there you go the car
let all these guys are I know look at
this guy's so old are you guys doodle or
a couple days
oh damn it today I'm welcome why today's
uh Tuesday flurry
hi baby you only find things Alice boy
do you ever gonna be so famous doctor
you have a bunch of the red shirt no
become a monster the one over there a
little creepy one a good secure boy yes
guy
little kid yeah this way let me the
videos in this video well video is it
that our video okay cause you've been or
do I know that thank you
and uh baby sweaty
it's ten o'clock just got back home to
Pete
a mother has poppy and getting away cuz
I gotta wake up at 6:00 a.m. tomorrow so
good night everyone had a great time I
had a pretty jackpot yeah actually we
checked on manufacturing lifted with a
man and her boyfriend saw Gio's brother
and now it's time for these little guys
the OPP everyone go peepee or so go
peepee
