every morning even every morning really
really oh don't make itself pretty don't
let her don't let her you want nothing
to do with them bitch is huh good
morning guys so I am coming in my garage
right now woke up today and I felt a lot
more tired than usual so normally I
would be at the gym right now training
it is 8:05 in the morning I would get up
at 6 I'll be out of the house by like
6:45 be at the gym by 7 um and then work
out and then start my meetings and then
my day would continue that way but yeah
I woke up tired I just decided to sleep
in that's not really sleeping in against
because it's built in the morning but I
just couldn't sleep anymore my body
aches my feet are tired but I still have
to move so I'm going to do some cardio
in the Baba L Jin ho Jin I'm going to do
some treadmill and people won't have
that for like 30 minutes and then for 30
minutes and then I'll get my day started
but yeah let's do this alright guys so I
got my shoes on ready to rock roll I got
my headphones and got my babies got this
baby look at that he's so freakin big
now
look at that that's what 35 weeks
pregnant looks like um and then I'm
going to watch one of my favorite shows
of all time I Love Lucy um it's just
super nostalgic for me I grew up with it
so I'm just going to watch it as I do
some cardio so
for real this time I know I said it the
last clip let's do it but the sandwich
do it reveal okay just to 30 minutes and
I feel great
bring it is too she can accompany the
whole time
cute baby alright half the time I'm
going to get ready for Monday nervous
watching this look fun you don't like it
okay
you later it's so funny
this is funny
all women love is wonderful all women
love is wonderful
okay they say so I'm taking over the
vlog now and usually the day would have
ended already because it is 8 p.m. and
you guys know that I knock out at around
10:00 but today we're going to be
extending our hours because I randomly
got a text from Bobby Lee so actually I
texted him and he will say hey Bart you
want to do the podcast tonight and I was
like what what the hell and actually
deep down inside of the wanting to do
the Bach podcast because David already
did the podcast twice and he came on JK
news so many times I'm like wait how
come we haven't been on the podcast and
so it was cool I hit me up and he was
saying that it was God's will because I
texted him literally the second that his
other person got canceled don't even
know who was cancelled ah like fuck it
so now me and the Dean are going over to
Bobby's place which I've never been
before and I'm really excited because
the deans a big fan of Bobby Lee so
there also could be a really cool
opportunity from the deep to meet him
and then also I just haven't seen Bobby
Lee in a long long time so it'd be cool
to be on his podcast and I always hear
all these crazy stories from Jo and
David could they listen to
Tigra belly religiously and they say he
is nuts
so pretty excited but before we go there
I gotta get some coffee first
there's no way I'm going to be able to
stay I'll pass - how about so do you
want thing for my pre-workout or
something I know I know I need and you
know what the problem is do is at the
end of the day so I'm running out of
calories to take - and so I bought a
little protein barks I don't want to get
tempted like in the middle of the night
when we come out and I'm hella hungry
and I have to go to Taco Bell or
something so I really hope I could stick
to the diet let me just get some coffee
you have a problem staying up late no
this is like early for me actually this
is early for me but this is like him
just waking up I think so because I'm
going up a shift energy because we're
supposed to film at 9:00 and he just
texted me goes Bart can we do 9:30
instead
oh my god I was hoping we will start
fresh I 9 I have I have a feeling
because podcasts are long they're not
short we're probably going to start till
11:00 and we're probably not finished
till like 1:00 or something that's fine
with me
no dude right here next to the black
heart either okay I'm so sorry - where
we know they're all only way out there
for like two minutes
you know how to do this don't even know
I'd be last so you I want to cry if you
make me laugh be careful you're gonna
make me crash it if you make me laugh
Oh see that oh I thank you in here thud
you do this oh there he is right there
he is
aquafina campus you know right then
like literally that's an taco and
already hot when you hit Eleazar man guy
works in mysterious a my catching you to
know why to see what is that within
their net water I got water free you dog
yeah look and I got what that guy stuff
up there muffins whatever you want
I don't know how professionally I'm not
professional but you water pretty much
is the way love it I think I good yeah I
want oh gee oh that's the first time you
have the best brother I really hope yeah
hey uh she good are you gonna do the
office in downtown everything's all good
yeah so we haven't been dad didn't
invited me uncomfortable you know that's
right
no I'm kidding come on how does this
busy bro I aren't you hungry couple
times we don√≠t have a revelation and
already yeah do you watch you games like
all the theory videos and stuff on the
side would you talk about that because I
got I just realized something in my mind
I have a theory that I just discovered
or online I want to talk about what well
I'll tell you we talk about other things
there's so many things that we're going
to talk about um what else want you of
your baby let me list another cigarette
and I'll be ready to tell until I was
eight and I had to arrived I need like a
whole one for my lungs my lungs covered
in love gonna be a little really sorry
that's when I take them yeah well yeah
that's involved your Arminian friend
right here dude he closed it down
what are you of you okay my favorite
kind good yeah fuck your kind of
all of yours I got a question
yeah I've had people a lot cooler than
sure I may resent your anyone that's fat
thank you oh that's why you're here
original player and you have good
instincts did you also give him a small
no I don't mean nothing I should be okay
exactly yeah
you know why cuz I'm a medium build it
all right look at this fucking shirt
some dough okay
what they're calling it I look promoted
it doesn't we'll put on brigade barbell
brigade yeah
highest quality apparel so when you go
to the gym babe okay gentlemen what is
the core of kitchen oh yeah but right
Richard Ramirez you fucking up here and
kill a motherfucker what he loves the
children if you kill me dude I'll kill
you because I'm on video bro because
when I'm on this thing I can see that
his eyes in the back of my head and I'm
Alec I'm a mallet I'm Mallory you want
to take imbalance nationally blame them
hi Richard Ramirez killed his victims
oh I don't fucking know because I'm a
Christian boom
alright who's Richard remain in Heerlen
do you don't no no you were the Night
Stalker you don't know who's won the big
desk circulars of the West code of pass
populated well you were very eating
yourself pretty good is like it there
was a nap or something so my dollars
like a yell from zero killer buy cars
you fucking goody two-shoes Yolo for
going to Ramirez in about 1 hout do
research on vertical
that's all I ask you about zero killers
okay I want to ask you if you know any
of them or anything like that
we have Brooklyn in today so I'll cue
you around 20 minutes just so we have
like the lead-in time you don't even
know what I have no idea what the fuck
you're just one up but just one just to
stick you the pocket ones yeah yeah oh
yeah so we don't have the awkward cut to
it around one minutes thirty minutes in
yeah in Brooklyn I can't hear myself
that well am I losing my mind
Oh louder that's good that's good what
George you're on camera uh yeah don't
see anything thank you sir okay no you
don't but that everyone I say that
everyone is a fungus are talking here
I'm in I'm not a control freak I just
know you're looking over your nose sec
that's why I'll are the bottle in it
right this is why I like that the
fucking just kidding newts kids and his
energy sure five four three two one
oh boy ah ah that's all improv guys and
people go hi work we for without telling
ugly all day everyday dog ah don't you
makin write or pramana were you from
month
I have no you were you problem you
welcome to tell your belly dust and we
are as open we've ever done it yeah yeah
but till we open with it yeah and this
is episode 101 correct
alright 101 and I think at the Lord I
wanna let me introduce people and I've
been ages to get hit but because I'm we
talk about the Lord for us but everyone
we got rich remember Ramirez's back
so we got George appreciate you guys
getting old and my beautiful new
beautiful angel kalila zoom and always
want to say that the Lord works in
mysterious ways
he died for our sins and um he the Magic
Man and today we had a cancellation
the out of an emergency situation oh
yeah we were supposed to have aquafina
and house in there and kalila goes who'd
we get my god I don't know they were
just doing without and it goes and I get
on my phone and fucking the Asian in
Texas data true thanks for fucking and
Matassa more worried me but we got from
just kidding news films news all of us
all of our barn want everybody doesn't
right geared up Jesus Christ thank you
and bar thank you for being here this
has me but what you don't ever talk to
me to why he texted it okay so this is
this is a reason why I was texting yeah
don't kill me yeah yeah but so I was
looking down our list for Marlo Brigade
of how many people we want to send our
shirts out - yeah and then randomly
someone wrote Joe Rogan on the list and
all that I don't know Joe Rogan yeah
fuck I'm gonna get these shirts out to
Joe Rogan yeah I remember Bobby Lee
telling me that he is Joe Rogan's best
friend Joe Rogan says Bravo nah no no no
no I wasn't it I just said I probably
said I mean I you know the best friends
in Java LA he's apparently oh yeah I
don't know
I can get the shirt to Joe okay uh we're
not we were more than acquaintances
acquaintances yeah like every sees me
he'll hug me you'll say he loves me last
night we talked a little bit but I
haven't been in house for a couple years
and but we are friends and you want to
bring you want this shirt - Joe those
are yours
okay we're good sure no and I did bring
insurance cuz thatthat sort of talking
to you anymore
but Joe Rogan is all about you this is
what I needed this is what happened then
this is what happened okay the Lord new
ideas a guest right we're heating your
brain he's put down Joe Rogan I guess he
knew that the connection was going to go
down that alley do your brain so I could
be your NBD it no you know what yeah all
right Sally
cavity what the fuck already Oh dick no
you always stick and blossom sir no
actually uh so we both wrestle I died on
a trestle and when I was left waiting I
didn't have to cut way to make 130
I'll just have like 125 wha in high
school are you in skinny that how much
with what weight class were using 105
105 I did 98 a couple years of the 105
yeah but with different sizes Yeah right
yeah but you kept the body
yeah I didn't break 100 pounds and tell
us a freshman in high school
whoa whoa and you're a little guy was
really got here
you know when did you get sick so I mean
I do obviously work out yeah yeah I
started work weight training I think
when I was like 15 or 16 yeah my two
friends older brothers they all came out
of jail yeah and we'll all Ambra were
you
whatever it's called yeah so they're
wrong
what do you mean what part did you grow
up I grew up in Monterey Park what are
you willing about what and it's 13 is
there ms-13 daughter's gonna miss turn
up other Asian gangs those are kind of
amazing at that time at the time do it a
lot of Asian Games now tell anyone
they're watching asian boy watch while
watching with one good rest yeah yeah a
logician didn't get it
watchin watchin yeah I want to be yeah I
want to be an assassin but um head and
get it and then what the other one what
a good boy revivals yeah send a my a
real Idol real gang real well I mean
what was in your Gabriel all the I have
a plastic gun right I was not for your
didn't charge I don't know any Asian
right I will mile now sees I thought of
your honor yeah
how much of a oh I don't have a love me
I know that maybe you would over there
we go if you could walk yourself agent
so then alright so that you you work out
and then out let me I wanted to say
something to you and I'm gonna give you
a compliment
I'll take Mary what years ago when I was
you know trying to do niche it you know
min George was like you gotta meet just
kidding news films and I go for that I'm
not familiar with the day I want to say
this is that you guys are number one I
love all you guys so likable so gifted
just just like a ball funny
sick young kids and kids and and what it
is it isn't really enough but then it's
like Suvi years people come up to me and
go
just kidding news like they see me on it
I got recognized from only that that's
awesome to work with those guys not on
as I said it really young kid yeah well
I may know him from from that great it's
crazy right up so on I respect you and I
really appreciate you guys having me on
because it helps to me that's awesome
thank you so much you're welcome
I don't know if I ever told you this but
you're one of my childhood aw I don't
good do I get to what March month oh
shit yeah here it is
early cannot be cocked upon because
you're gonna fucking slamming I'm not
gonna trying to guy just tell him what
you do but she doesn't think I would
like to here beside me way crazier no it
is much more real go ahead this is
accurate he doesn't anywhere if he gets
recognized you look over to me or
Gilbert or anybody and he'll give a wig
I'm gonna get ya then you'll gain so
will you I'm Korean Elvis huh and then
you're gonna say yes yeah yeah so he did
that today so just what a good lady say
lady goes oh my god you're really flying
everybody loved the stuff that you do
and you'll thank you he turns to me and
he goes I'm Korean Elvis huh and what's
the problem with that
well three minutes later he sees another
person coming up to him and he thinks
that he's going to be told a big thing
like oh hey Bobby Lee or something
everywhere everywhere
he basically except the guy was like hey
how you doin Tommy nice receipt I don't
know people sometimes do my names and
they go Tommy
yeah ah me buddy I don't know what the
connection is I'm nothing like Holly me
but um and she did that and hurt my
heart yeah I should know my fuckin
charger chatter inside my body and I
knew that she was going to do a slam
link alright so I look at her and she
did a reverse link to me and it burned
something Korean Tommy all day yes
becomes a and you know it hurts but you
know what I'm not a lot of people think
I was at the airport coming here we were
at Boeing at Tempe and this black guy at
the TSA he goes and love you man
hangover and I go this time you know he
does not you know that's I got mad I
know that can jump all right if you look
at us back back we don't think anything
like even whatever man
but I should Jess go cool and just move
on
am I not right yeah do people think that
your other celebrities ever are often
called celebrities like knows I go who
so don't get me and Joe mixed up on the
biggest fan Joe I love you so much oh
yeah Bart yeah yeah and also getting
mixed up with all the wrong food people
long swill Peter also get mixed up with
the fun brothers fucking a fun word I
don't know that you'd ever the fun
brother yeah it was an actual fun
brother yeah oh fuck fuck down fuck up
on brother
you ready the other one whoa whoa fuck
you up
there's only one fuckin rodeo went down
just kidding yeah yeah reverse a Hoover
alright Japanese cool rotating I that
was soaked like a Japanese candy how
about like I'm hungry
yes yours oh my god those are the
antithesis of yeah yeah yours in the
middle here in the middle I don't know
what mine now every time you might be
having candy you know what it is you
know what it is no I'll tell you what it
is so teach me it's called evolution all
right hear me out
market I are more evolved than you okay
because we as men don't need our nipples
right so through evolution we're going
to eventually our siblings might not
even have the guy but I have
because we just father along yeah your
Prius store this whole conversation
about worst nightmare especially with
David Merrick over many hearts I know
let's get you notice you had no hair no
northern or the wire
yeah that's hair more evolution you know
I'm a mechanical math yeah you ever had
leakage
yes arises ah oh my god fucking a boy
girl right man no it's too late for you
I'm not Jordan okay hold on who do you
identify with on the Game of Thrones oh
man I feel like I identified with Ned
Stark in the game mmm ty you're right
yeah I don't know
no it is and then uh I don't know how
about season six and seven only season
six and seven I like carrion oh yeah you
like Jerry why because I feel like he's
uh he he's not manipulative though he
knows how to play the cards in order to
have the most favorable result why why
and I think as a doe personality my
counseling yeah and you he is like a
survivor because yeah be his size to be
able to like you just want a little guys
that people just gravitate toward him
yeah I came as it happens why would he
do yeah he's very smart
what happens when you've always been an
underdog you just become the strongest
at the end right would you think I'm
more like you know do you think Theon
Greyjoy's like a young graduate is very
accurate he has a moment of Valor were
you all well we have to be on better
lighting like a warrior in just yeah and
I love surrender like when when he's
most needed he just jumps off the ship
that's Bobby when he's motivated me when
he tweeted new any most needed me
playing bejeweled in the corner or not
making I should I detective outside and
here's fun yeah I was playing Fallout
but anyway I got a joke about the tight
end the movie yeah and the end of the
movie like yeah I always wanna be
independent you mean it
really so all almost free like maybe
like 2002 and before I never really
watched yeah I just take a TV Oh way
everything is circa 98 for her she only
started listening to music that's my
boys to mend a big thing for her because
that's when she was allowed to start
listening to music and and watch TV do
anything over and everything before that
she is about to us a pious memory of a
movie god bless for that but that was a
movie that would come on when the TV was
on tape so I watched that over and over
and over and over
oh I'll tape TV oh my god could I just
say somebody know what I'm gonna do it
anyway
I'm the captain of this ship okay top
knot and I happen with Sandra I
graduated from high school in 1990 oh
right yeah but I still own the White
Album now was it during my time either
what's the wide open and bad all right
do the band for a Beatles
oh you worth of you yes I'll thank God
because you were gonna die just recently
cross universe oh that's a little for
you oh well there you go you know what
you're a lot see that's what I'm saying
okay is that select the vehicles you
just discovered them but that's from the
slate sixties early seventies right and
you're able to go back so what I'm
saying to you is is that somebody is
moving like taxi driver or Apocalypse
Now or whatever a movie that was like
culturally relevant in that time code
you can get on iTunes and watch it I
really recommend you do that yeah well
well your your man three foxy lean yard
how dare you what
haricot go to their side the gyri care
how to even begin to do what you've done
you take in your friends and yourself
yeah you you approach the YouTube world
or whatever online world and you created
a mini little Empire yeah yeah and for
me that's so difficult to do because now
you're competing with everyone yeah in
show business you know you're competing
with 20 guys that are Asian actors or
comedic that have representation but
with him and his crew they're able to
now so like a little business it's a
business yeah they move into these new
offices right in a little tokyo correct
it's an arts district kind of cool yeah
host a little tokyo and you guys are
buying houses and shit right probably me
and giovanna yeah
and that's um that's all off of your
show correct yeah merchandise or whatnot
yeah and I want to talk about your
merchandise because I'm wearing your
shirt shirt shirt shirt this shirt is
called um I'm good with Lolita Marbella
Brigade high quality and I'm going to
say that I like the way it's been yeah I
like the way it fits my body and I like
the simplicity of it you know I don't
like all this bus ride when I'm watching
you if he pulls out a knife already my
gesture goes somebody say something I'm
kidding I like you know I like it I can
make a joke
all right I Love You Man yeah and thanks
for being a part of the family I really
appreciate your help anyway I hope he's
gonna kill me
this is great so um laughs how could
people find the search we can go to
barbell brigade comm
barbell burp it and check it out it's
good is that how you make money from
them and that's not like our main
moneymaker or minimize our main
moneymaker is shaking so you get it
through YouTube yes the access the
Adsense yeah right so because you guys
are getting millions of hits with the
one nod yeah you get humble you know
that's crazy if you like that system or
know you need to ripping you off
um it's kind of tough I think it's cool
so like we had this meeting at a pop TV
and it was cool the way one of the exact
kind of words you say that YouTube is a
democratic space versus in traditional
Hollywood it's more of a like pictorial
so there's a couple of people that hold
the keys to all pretty much all the
opportunities yeah
but the quality is way higher the camera
part is way higher we're in Hollywood
and Oliver yeah because you have
tastemakers there yeah versus on YouTube
it's democratic space so people the fans
are voting what type of content you want
to see yeah and most of those fans are
between 9 and 13 so the quality of
content is just keeps dropping and
dropping and dropping dropping shit you
have to do you have to sometimes do
things you don't want to do I think that
happens a lot actually I mean it's not
like completely you don't want to do it
but you have to adjust and you can't be
blinded we remained Emma Graham right
yeah so do you think that your because I
know that you guys can swear and all
kinds of stuff on it cuz I've done it
before yeah I really liked it but my
point is is that do you have to edit
yourself no we don't read it ourselves
I also think that's why we don't have
like millions and millions of
subscribers like the type of growth that
some more I guess my teeny bopper type
and the marketing stuff they grow really
really fast our edits aren't that fast
things are slower pace and we say what
we want and because of that our growth
is will be slower but our fans are more
real but not like that you also can
sleep at night yeah yeah you are being
real I mean yeah if you yeah if I got to
do this podcast based on a 13 year old
demographic gosh I'm done yeah we're get
your followers yeah yeah I think that's
something that we talked about in the
very beginning
yo how how low can we go and be gone
pretty low yo I'll get an edit Wow let's
go plan
long range high qualit I'd rather think
yeah and thanks for reminding us that if
you're gonna sleep be like leaping oh
that's a real ha ha ha ha ha Brooklyn is
it really it really as we use it on ok
oh yeah yeah it's very fresh and good
soft great material yeah talk about I
mean we it you know we I don't want to
do listen I tried I tried to eat you can
yeah and nothing like that at Kadesh
Ottoman works at maker they brought me
in created a channel and people were
just not watching my shit I would have
created Toki Fang no one like them I
created that top show talking talking at
no one really smart some and I just was
Oh
tonight what I'm going to focus on the
main stringent because or could probably
would because this isn't working for me
and that's the space that you know
Hollywood its offices I know it's a
space that will have me and here's why
here's why it makes I can live with
myself because I'm have any names but
there's some guy that and you know you
look at their stuff then you go I don't
understand okay
it's not good it's not that's was it no
no no I want to need what is though I
can tell you when the things turn off
out then right so when your guy turns it
off certain guys you look at me dumb I
just can't I can't do it
yeah and at least what Hollywood you
have to jump through so many fucking
hoops yeah that when you get when you
get like when a network president or
studio president okay's you with all the
executives the producers and everyone
you've jumped 50 fucking hoops yeah I
mean Turtles yeah
and you go okay I've been vetted by the
you know that that's not a bet empower
yeah they see olders yeah so it makes
you feel like okay there's something
about me right but then it also hurts
when don't subscribes your channel yeah
see if you if you're a kid you know I
don't know I mean I
I'd like it if you know if I had 20
million subscribers yeah then I can do
what exactly what I want to do that
wasn't the pot for me yeah good
what do you think I don't like that to
jail like there are things that annoy
her if you do it all the time uh yeah I
was trying to order like what are you
daily board hunter uh no so like you are
run over them
yeah yes a machine she gets mad my farts
really racist equally bad bye I'll teach
it every day and yeah you want to have a
fart out yeah for now no I don't know
how we would ever okay go for another
one but you know what we could do what
we could light him on fire to see what
happens who gets like the largest but
doesn't that here in the smell
yeah but it's gone okay with their
different tests well there's that one
cat potency gas potency okay right so
that any one bang gasps potency gas
won't see the other one is just smell
I'm going to be judging on that and how
do we do that
do we have a third party smell oh yeah
yeah we have we UD judges okay and the
third thing is also on consistencies if
I should have like shit in it debris
getting the fire bigger people stopped
the fire and put it out like life an IEE
oh where there's like shrapnel that
comes out so I got shit problem look
like it's like vaporized sharp yeah yeah
yeah yeah so you have to beat me on
content to get Amazo on edition window
why because you're just all spray all
your results look at from what people
describe it is that it is thick and it's
humid oh and it doesn't linger Southern
okay except Tibet another layer is it
will be later link that should be a
double event link rendering at the
lingering fix cloud yeah and even if I
fart outdoors the wind doesn't blow it
away
whoa Artie yes it's story had vaporized
sharp
here so there was never you see you
don't worry wait you're telling me is
when you fart it nothing came out except
for gas
yes pretty clean yeah pretty good and
make heavy gas they can do yeah that
smells the potencies good yeah so yours
you fart actual material yeah yeah what
do you need um don't know hit you so
yeah nobody knows you know whatever
things power tearing nada
yeah I mean I cause it's a farm not
healthy right but is it because you're
you eat well huh no
so I actually bought the most mighty
clean like what I'm eating like rice
broccoli chicken that's my most if I eat
McDonald's I have no fun wow so that's
why but can you forget how do we have a
contest I'll accept yourself an LP yeah
I think that you guys should probably
spend the day eating the same thing and
that's you have to be equal and
measuring but what if our triggers are
different oh that's true but what he
doesn't even know his trigger does to
say I don't know what oh no I do know a
sugar you're lactose intolerant
milk milk oh yeah yeah there's that very
good baby yeah there we go
vitamin D a whole milk right and ghazal
to get some donuts and then what's a
bowl of broccoli yeah and then I don't
actually do that one day you guys are
totally do this yeah well this even give
it up you know works and Barbuda
nominate as judge kokyo and in my favor
alaya and your and your what okay
because they're two girls that are you
know in the oriental internet right
people know who they are and then also I
mean Gio's a little bit more famous
right
yeah but she's she's gonna she's she's
on a roll I wouldn't promote my dropper
right yeah so fuck asleep on her yeah
all right this is right here legit yeah
not be doing it it wasn't so I know
you're going how many followers I was
entering now I know if I can see in your
little fuckin you become ago you
thousand
I felt it so I'm just gonna touch it
okay chef Geum is legit okay
Michael I love dessert okay and I like
you she's very talented
and it's another person but don't sleep
on the girl I'm not oh my god Kenny G oh
my god get it read only a test
there's name's Nadine but no for sure
yeah I like that now I'm hearing big
bodily sacraments yeah
nonetheless all you want to go check up
on media is that your blog yeah you
still sure I live yeah okay on that
Ricky not had a last night no I met
Angie I was any dick at The Comedy Store
we're upstairs right his assistant was
like on what do you call like Facebook
live or something yeah and we're taping
I didn't know oh and then and Eva what's
your number again so then I gave him my
number
Murali on the Facebook lied and then
last night I didn't tell you I get a
call I pick it up because at late night
a restricted cause that my manager or my
agent or my mom right yeah so I figured
out this is Bobby lady oh I got ya
because I just got your number from
Facebook lies lies
wait no don't call me again I'm not
check here's my number I mean it's hard
to get you the fuck around me I care
about you I know my no.1 cousin up in
the comic what is this shirt I nada
this is Bryce Filipino pastry just eat
it I used to being real every Sunday
wrong have I tasted one Carla test bacon
very happy right yeah what's this one I
don't know what that waited for this
branch
I like right I like friendship I like
friendship oh whoa I love friendship you
sure do I do i got shoutouts you like
clear beer restaurant businesses ah okay
so we have a talk show of God just
getting news
we got a Guinean challenge so-called
ISKCON party we have a gym called bottle
gate and down now it's also a peril
company so like did you do it for seven
can you train lobby if you want to make
it fun la criolla daddy's alright yeah
yeah the challenge you can't just be
like oh one day and then not yet yeah
really
alright how much is going to cost of it
what I mean free right yeah that's got
the good at some job that's a good
incentive or you get more money
once you completely give them right back
to you oh wow all right
Oh meet like a policy we powerless you
know but I want to be real I want to do
an hour for real please me hours right
but y'all don't understand that I don't
move
get ready we lost the wrestle before ok
I'm 46 okay I don't move okay
also tell them about my knees a bunch of
people in their class my knees are all
fucked up I have to get some powder
placed up I had to get an MRI on
washable yeah and they're both really
what did you do I think he just tore a
few ligaments in there you all right I'm
on ready you know I got a second take
man I don't know what happened I know
here's why because I was on the
wrestling team but that's not that's in
high school but when I was on MADtv
right I did I did this thing called tank
a character where I had to do a lot of
stunts yeah I did blind kungfu master
where i would run through walls and do
all kind of stuff and at that time I
just put my body through all kinds of
harm really you know and they're just
jacked so I can still work through the
pain of them yeah I still want to do I
really do want to do us we'll set that
up yeah we'll do a vlog and we'll never
be awesome yeah be awesome and what days
can I do it any day you always let me
know I think what days are good mondays
are good I'm nothing to do ever any time
on a Monday thank you one day no was a
week Monday what are going to be
progress if you just work out one oh
yeah Monday do it
so one day I heard you wake up at 4:00
p.m. okay what's hot why what time's
your gym clothes it Clos that Toba I'm
gonna be home at that time I change the
mortgage on 70 in all this fucking nerd
right away
I'll get up one morning at like 11 in my
house so I chose I've had on the house
dude
oh yeah what other that's better so the
view take 7 p.m. at your house oh yeah
the 7 day I'll sweat it out yeah and
then do what I do
would you know what your life will live
yeah I can't I still watching us so
happy hopeful never love yeah yeah yeah
for what she said just you Adam it was
ripped at one point
oh shit up ditches don't want to point
out it's barely the gonna get in the
when I was Thailand Oh steroids for
animal practice call me to come in
religion requirement I know I was like
on TV again I gotta get I gotta get
involved I don't know why one for my my
team here about attitude and I I really
want to work with you for the years to
come and I really appreciate I'm being
real there was a lot of times where I
needed to be on your show and stuff a
lot of things with this is that and it
really you can feel that you have a
great audience and they're my people too
yeah and I honestly I'm not I've had all
kinds of people on the show I've had
Jordan Peele not brag our story not just
you have a crystal we have people but
you know and they've helped me in their
own ways but you to me is as more or
equal to them because I just really
appreciate your help thanks how many
times are these my best beach first time
ever set up yeah and I've never said I'm
tired
believe that and so I want to do the
workout thing or the church or joj
contacts up a memo if you did though
I hear about surely I feel like it's not
so far about wrong I feel like this is a
real possibility guys I'm going to put
out very uniform you guys better get
ready I'm ready to it's going to be you
on one side or my knee but you're never
there they love knives you're not a
football guy up you know and I love love
your blonde wig going yeah all right you
can be Kate oh yeah I'm hugging you oh
no dude come on man get good doctor good
guy you standing here follow
back up one more twins up one more notch
yes
let's see we've gotten good luck with
make sure I'm sure they're all going up
this was a little blurry that's good
no puns Larry Oh Lycoris that was enough
I don't know that's about one in my eyes
closed yeah yeah we do a few more no
this one that's great that's great
that's great that's right up right
that's right um over let me walk the
boys out
