good morning well is a crazy streak on
here let me clean that real quick is
that better oh yeah all right
good morning guys just finished taking a
shower and I want to share something
with you guys that's new for me I don't
know how I feel about this just yet but
it's very interesting
so it's interesting because a lot of
jokes are made about this and I never
thought I would be this person but being
in the situation I am I understand it
and it's the best thing ever okay so the
thing I want to talk about is this a
nursing bra and what's cool about a
nursing bra is as you start lactating
meaning as your boobie start creating
milk for your baby's arm not baby's baby
I'm going to having twins then your
boobs start growing and they start
getting heavy it's booked so because my
boobs have been growing not because I'm
I haven't produced milk yet but I'm in
the process of starting to do that so I
haven't seen any milk I don't have any
milk um but my boobs get bigger and
bigger and bigger and then I'm just like
Fox why did I get a boob job like I just
got pregnant this whole time you said to
crude but that's a whole nother story so
because my boobs are getting bigger and
bigger and bigger like damn they're
fucking heavy and so far I've been able
to stick to like three sports brawls and
like a couple regular brawls that I get
to wear that still feel okay they're not
the most comfortable but they're not
uncomfortable um but at the end of the
day I do get tired of them so I opted
for a nursing bra and it came in and I'm
getting ready for today because today is
some really cool stuffs happening and
I'm going to tell you after the story
but yeah I'm getting ready for today and
it came in the mail maybe like a day or
two ago so I'm like aha I had that down
there
and I put it on and this is what it
looks like so it looks like a sports bra
not going to knock it it's definitely
not if you're trying to be sexy like if
I'm like what's up boy you want to get
freaky outside of and saying no our
child is right by your vagina yeah this
is not this is not what hot Victoria's
Secret model would Rock to turn a bunch
of men on I'm not to say all men because
I'm sure there's some fucking
interesting stragglers out there that
are like all about it but for the masses
even for females this isn't this isn't
sexy but as soon as I can put it on I
was just like oh this is nice
and what's cool about it it has thick
bands I swear this is not a state paid
sponsorship I'm just like excited that I
have a bra that like I can grow into
because it's huge I got like an extra
large and it's not because um I'm like
well I just got an extra large because I
need to grow into it and my boobs are
getting so massive like before I got
before I got the surgery I think I was
like a good full a cup after the surgery
I became double D's but you got to keep
in mind on five eleven so double D's on
me is like a c-cup to someone that's
like five six so it's in proportion to
my body like you guys know i double d's
sound big but I'm a big girl so it
doesn't look like um but now as it's
growing I wouldn't be surprised if I'm
like double e or something like I'm
fucking massive right like my kitchen
for the massive so I opted for an
extra-large so I can grow into it but so
this feels good what's cool is I can
unclip it here and then this part folds
out my boob sticks out that I could
start breastfeeding so I start leaves at
your mom I gotta show Bart this when I
see him and you're going to be like cool
I want to have sex with you even less
now but yeah I thought I would share
like I don't know some of you might be
going through what I'm going through
and
and the jokes that I heard about nursing
bras and how they're so geeky and just
not cool but donaga to try it it's like
the crock syndrome you know what I mean
like everyone bashes on Crocs at least
in the US I've noticed internationally
crops are pretty dope but at least in
the US if you're wearing crops you're a
fuckin dweeb so I got Crocs
there's so fuckin comfortable the crop
effect don't knock it until you try it
so I give this bro one thumb up because
it's good I haven't tried any other one
if I want to show off my cleavage like
that it's not happening in this bra but
if I don't want any fucking like digging
into my shoulder or digging like right
now you could see my boob in my stomach
touching yeah this elastic right here
it's awesome oh my god yeah thank you
for sitting through that everybody just
um trying to get to stuff off my chest
all women love is wonderful all women
love is wonderful
okay they say okay they say alright so I
am at Ralph's now if you guys thought I
just had breakfast at norms and all
decided to take me there and the big
news I was talking about earlier is the
fact that my brother and my
sister-in-law gave birth today to their
twin boys dominic and Derrick so welcome
to the world beautiful baby boys it's
not healthy six pounds each super
fucking cute already and we're going to
go to the hospital go visit them um she
had to get a c-section for a lot of
other reasons that I have no idea
because something about the baby my turn
last minute and it's crazy because it's
twins and you can have a natural but
there's just so much I don't want to
really think about but I'm super excited
so we are at Rob's right now sticking up
snacks and some stuff for them to eat
because they're going to be stuck in the
hospital for the next few days while she
recovers um so we want to make sure that
we're taking care of her from Melia so
to get us some flowers picking up some
snacks I'm going to go see them right
now that's beautiful thank you
she's working on the flower going to put
a beautiful bow on it thank you lady
we got the snack all here out I just hit
my stomach they're all the yummy snacks
either actually for me but don't pay
attention to those but we got Joe makes
candies go on because you know their
breath won't be kicking water we're
going to pick up pick up some fruit and
should be on our way to the hospital
items here at the hospital it's so
fucking exciting because babies are born
look at this beautiful boy look it's
beautiful boy it's not even real and
then Bob mom has baby number two
the nosy boy look at this boy my guy
he's so number one he came out first hmm
you know oh he's feeding up okay oh we
have something that's been good he's
working it out and then there's bad
honey milk
good happy right over there he retired
my grub or your got you food this is
this is so real this is too real my box
this can be me into bed one of those is
going to one out one of these but
something similar that's gonna freakin
come out of me pretty damn dude huh I'm
not ready you're going to be fine here
wait until you take and boom that's the
question
sorry funny okay
all right just got back home please
excuse the ocean wave
I don't live by the beach it's that
thing right there yeah it's big thing we
do it because the neighborhood is so
quiet any little noise at the dogs here
they cycle book zerk and then they start
barking and I just go nuts so we put a
lot of white noise for them a lot of
ambience we have a white noise making
them have ambience um so that was
interesting I didn't want to get too
much footage just because my um
sister-in-law wasn't really feeling
really good my brother is really tired
and I didn't want to like stick a camera
in their face and like tell me
everything let me violate your virgin
children and put them in my vlogs so I
just wanted to share a little bit of
their pride and Joy's and my pride and
joy
and share that with you guys now so
stoked as soon as I walked into that
room and I saw her laying in the bed and
I saw the babies I wanted to start
crying because it just hit so close to
home for me I'm like fool I know you
went too and I know it if you like that
happen inside of you and I felt like
crying because I was just like they're
alive and they're healthy because
honestly making a baby it's easy and
it's hard it's easy because you just
have sex and then it kind of just
happens on its own right but then it's
hard because moms have so much that they
have to worry about you can't lay a
certain way you can't eat certain things
you have to take multivitamins which you
think whatever you should be taking them
anyway but these are so fucking strong
that I've never taken multivitamins that
I needed to have food in my stomach for
like if you eat these fucking prenatals
they're so crazy intense that there's no
food in your belly you're throwing up
like that's how crazy it is on your
sleep cycle is all fucked up you're
pissing all the time your
body is in constant pain like there's a
lot that goes into ensuring that this
baby is getting the right nutrition the
right amount of calcium vitamins protein
not too much sugar in your system wash
your hands you don't want to get
bacteria
oh you can't use this product cuz it's
not pregnancy safe you can't it's like
so much and it's it's it's cool you know
like it it's not something that is so
easy that you can just like you know
when they say you appreciate what like
with hard work like what you really had
to fight for it's like you for like now
you you can you can um you can like
respect it more and you cherish it more
so yeah it was just a lot of emotions
that I was experiencing well in the room
with her ultimately I am so happy for
them because they're so happy and I'm
even more happy that both of these boys
came out healthy and told cute but
primarily that they're healthy um yeah
it was it was real it was real like I
just pictured myself holding my own baby
and I wanted to cry like even talking
about it right now if you guys I want to
cry like it's it's everyday I get closer
and closer to meeting this little boys
and I cannot wait let me tell you I
cannot wait it's so cool yeah and it's
even cooler but I get to document the
whole process with you guys like I've
had my UPS my downs I'm like really
happy or I'm like really emotional about
it or I'm just complaining about
everything that's painful and what I can
and can't eat um you know there's just a
lot of emotion that happens and I can't
wait to go back once this child is
bigger
Becky Cee Lo's fuckers not big meat to
me I sent through a lot for you now I'm
just kidding I can't wait to go back
into these vlogs
we live it again so yeah it was cool
anticipate more babies in my vlogs
because they're fucking cute and not
until today did I realize one the
miracle like these kids are and to like
her fucking shoot I never thought kids
were cute like I think toddlers and up
they're good newborns I thought they
were so weird-looking like their skins
all raisiny and their colors all grey
like this I never thought they were cute
but now because I'm going through the
process of making one I appreciate it so
much and I'm like soon you're so
beautiful yeah I'm going to stop before
I start crying all over the place
alright Kapaa bear is going to take me
on a date and I don't want to go off hum
beep I'm going to try to make myself
look awfully good look
all right Papa what we about to do and
why about to go watch a movie because we
have the rest of the night off and then
trying to spend a little bit more
romantic time together because the
baby's going to come and ruin the entire
relationship I know oh you baby I love
you dog look see mm-hmm I know it's not
very nice thank you
so we're going to go watch Dunkirk and
we're going to get some what we're gonna
get some Brazilian barbecue oh yes yes
if the new place you never tried a
reporter in Pasadena okay all right so
with that being said I'm trying to spend
time with my man which means that I have
to say goodbye to you guys so thank you
so much for watching I hope you enjoyed
my day that she got real real fast you
want to go three P's and money should we
film that what do you want to see that
let's get freaky double insemination air
whoo whoo that was all a joke but thank
you so much why'd you keep it tomorrow
