good morning y'all not to start this
beautiful day with some cardio but first
time to make some coffee
already got my shoes on ready to go and
I've already put the coffee and my
miniature brew thing that I told you
guys is up still letting it soak for a
couple of minutes should be good no one
loves off the house we got this cool
trashcan it's built in so that way these
guys number one won't ransack them
actually these guys are pretty good
Tyson used to ransack the other trashcan
all the time if you look at old old old
vlogs from like 2011 or something you'll
see any time we leave the trashcan out
tie someone ransacked it but these guys
are really good I like this because once
you close this thing there are no trash
cans it looks hella clean so I just take
this take the coffee out paint it over
here and then put it in the sink
we made a dinner last night it was
pretty bomb I made on spaghetti with
olive oil and garlic tossed around with
some parsley and then I grilled up some
chicken in the back with lemon pepper
onion and garlic quinoa bomb but after
we gave that hell it's hired so we just
left all the dishes I did I did wash the
cutting boards though because this does
really nice wall of the night whole bed
put this away so we don't want to you
want to wash and put it away immediately
that's expensive stuff especially this
cutting board but this one's made out of
Japanese Cypress so it's very soft so it
doesn't dull a knife but then it's very
absorbent so absorb like anything that
stays on there for too long have to wash
that but everything else we're just a
lazy Oh what I need oh yeah I need to
get some honey baby Ben I like putting
honey in my coffee now it's a new thing
I discovered while I was writing out in
Malibu and beneful
it actually brings out the flavor of
coffee even more and it tastes pretty
good I usually drink it black anyways
but now I like to get a little bit of
sweetener and I feel like it gives me
just a little bit of extra energy in the
morning so put that bad boy in there and
closed trashcan and open the dry in to
get the mixing machine let's see Mixy
Mixy go in your sunken place in your
soaking moon you know what I'm excited
to use the headphones that my bear about
me for Father's Day I haven't even used
this yet it's just been sitting here for
months but finally I get to use it
because yesterday I did high intensity
cardio on the back so today's card is
gonna be more chill to kind of give my
joints my muscles a little break some
feel so fatigue so I'm going to pop open
some Netflix and because the treadmill
is pretty loud and there's like noise
and stuff going on out there
I get to put the headphones on noise
cancelling get to be absorbed and a show
and thank you mama bear for buying these
really cool headphones because I've
always want to know I get to use them
got in a hella good cardio session but
called drenched aiya holy shit and I
really like these headphones there's no
wires when I happen like this is my
usual cardio headphone sometimes as I'm
speaking my army I don't know if this
happens to you guys but I'll swipe the
headphone cord it pulls out of my ear
sometimes a kid caught in the treadmill
but taking a mob air I don't have that
problem and also used to actually I was
going to get a drink of water when I got
off I was about to go like this and I
was like wait this doesn't have a cord I
don't have to do that so that was really
cool got my session in about to go take
a shower and then get a haircut got a
big meeting today at the office now
about to meet with Roy Roy's a producer
that we're making the TV show with so
last time at our meeting me and Jo gave
him a bunch of ideas as to what would
bring out the best emotions in us so for
example me and David are scared of
heights so if we have to do something
where we had to skydiver jump off the
side of the building that would get a
big emotional reaction so we're trying
to take JK Party and JK news into a much
bigger space because TV has bigger
budgets and there's things that we can
do so now he's going to come today and
pitch us some formats and a format is
the way like the TV show gets structured
and so we can take our creative ideas
but he knows how to make it work on TV
and how to make it work within like a 22
minute segment because you know the
commercials and stuff like that so he's
coming to pitch though so I'm really
excited to see what he has to say I'm
gonna check up on Murray to see what
she's doing she's the fashion
illustrator for barbell Brigade and I
don't come into what we call barbell
Brigade laps that much to have all our
mains on that side whoa look at all
these clothes and inventory this is that
new new whoo of course the new hangtag
that we got you we went with white
because it looks fresh for the longest
time with they're not having black ones
and we're like let's change it up and we
wanted to give it a different look and
feel so we want white
but I think eventual sit back to black
oh what's that on the floor I don't want
to give you guys too much information so
I'm going to shake it around a little
bit but that's the new new stuff that
we're working on with Sonu although not
going to show you guys anything because
you guys are I don't know I can't trust
all of you cool what are all of these on
the floor Murray horse stuff team can
have it before the actual explosion what
are these guys watching stumble over
launching as early as enter precise oh
nice
what do you got going on is this top
secret stuff okay okay
can I show you guys anything all right
going back to the meeting I always keep
distracted because I would like to see
what Murray's working on but I gotta get
back
today Cambridge for one meeting so soon
Anna Marie just wrap the TV brainstorm
meeting and the pitches were awesome
they're better than the first time we're
brainstorming because now we expanded on
so many things that I think Joe just
came out we expanded on so many things
that we feel like we could take the TV
show now how did you like the meeting
Joe it was pretty awesome a lot of
secrets we can't tell you but we're
working with really good show creators
because they just blew my mind usually I
don't really talk to people and go like
your ideas like an adult usually I go
it's fucking lame but they were like
they really were able to combine
everything we wanted teaching good
things in a bad way and everything that
was like they got it they understood us
and I think when I go into TV I'm really
worried that they're just going to open
our just do whatever they want think
that they know what's best for us but
really this is a collaboration that's
what I really like about it yeah that's
very collaborative yeah so yeah we can't
tell you anything but the meeting went
really good and the the trajector the TV
show just keeps going up and up and up
and up and we're going to shoot the
pilot I think in a month or two so stay
tuned for that
but now while waiting for my buddy Matt
visit to come he also owns a fitness
brand
he owns a hate brand I'm going to try to
set up my drum set which I have not had
a chance to set up yet so I bought the
drum set cuz I kind of missed being
created like we're working on the movie
and we're also working on the TV show
but those things are very long-term
creative things and even though all of
JK is a very creative company it takes
time to get things done to actually
produce to art so there's this creative
itch of me where like sometimes you just
miss Jam and you know I just sketch in
like like drawing a masterpiece feels
different than just drawing on a napkin
so I just wanted to have drums here just
I could be creative I just want to just
jam out by myself to play something
randomly I can and get that creative bug
filled and I feel like when you're more
creative in one area it also makes you
even more creative in another area so
I'm going to set this up until and wait
until Matt Benson comes I completely
forgot to bring my camera with me when
that Vincent came but you did come with
two friends and one of them was a Navy
SEAL so we had some amazing
conversations that was the first time
I've ever met a Navy SEAL and real life
and was able to talk to them just as
like a regular person and one really
interesting fact was he told me one of
his years in service you served for 11
years that his 22 person team shot over
I think like 1 point something million
rounds of bullets and that is more than
the entire Marine Division by 22 people
so the largest farm of guns and I was
talking about how hard a budge training
was what got him into becoming a seal is
it's such a crazy feat and it was just
really cool connecting with them so now
I'm back drums
still not done but the trash is piling
up but it's time to go home because I've
been trying to commit more time at home
with Mama Bear and since everyone is
going to be gone for Casey and Tiff's
wedding there's not that much work
around here because we put in all that
work
so it's going to pack up go home and
spend the rest of the day with ma bear
I'm home now but it's time to get to
work which is why I'm butt-naked and the
goal is to bang out a bunch of the baby
room as much as possible because we
rarely have time and since everyone's
gone we have time now my goal is to bang
all this out in like an hour too so that
it move is following cabinet so we're
going to finally have official documents
at home and then this is going to be the
hard part to all the really cool stuff
from a baby shower it's all here we have
a ton of gifts thank you everyone
but I got to move all those boxes where
there's probably like 20 of them I got
to move all them upstairs in the baby
room so I'm gonna get to work so I could
spend the rest of the skinny easy what
are you doing in here
I spend the rest for candy evening with
mom where do i moogle pee
do they need a key Muppet or no okay
class I go peepee thumb just finished
moving all the baby stuff and tall the
sweat on my forehead and now I just got
to move the filing cabinet and then the
maghreb realized that in the baby room
we need drawers so we're gonna take the
drawers out of the guest room put it
into the baby room all done now Alaska
was a nicety
mmm brought the finally camera over here
it's got unpack it let me look this chap
in there
but didn't seem like your mind the dress
I was like there I moved into the baby
room so it's right here now my breath
could put stuff away move all of the
baby stuff here now you know how I did
all that it um 10 minutes
yup 10 minutes I timed it I only know
because of the amount of songs that got
my I really played three songs yeah yeah
there are a few killed and I'm just like
shit you move to best why I'm awesome
what's been doing with you that's
awesome thank you baby
I'm sorry like crazy now look look it's
it what is that sailor outfit a little
French outfit yeah that's cutie yeah I'm
just trying to take everything out of
the packaging not out of the packaging
sorry I'm just trying to move things
into places because um I think like
maybe three weeks before the baby's due
to arrive I'm going to start washing all
this stuff you know they need special
detergent really yep anything why
because it's normal it's too fragrant
there's too many chemicals in normal and
this baby is really perfect they come
out into this world and they they're not
used to all the chemicals in their skin
the way we are so you slowly lead them
into a really fucked up oh I see yeah a
baby food to give them like stuff that's
good and all I remember that McDonald's
we won't have another just buckle up on
purpose yes that's it perfect guys see
something - what what is that
and of course oh you little cutie gonna
grow out of these are you now jay-z that
oh and then is all go seven like Gary
are fresh kick there we go Jamie oh my
fucking god it kills me
yeah and then we got folks love a lot of
organizing to do better I'm not chubby
it's all muscle
hey Brittany Tirana hmm what are you
doing who me yeah or the bridge oh how
you doing pretty let's talk about it
let's talk about it
hey little taco that's scary huh not not
really I don't make her scared of it but
what are you doing what are you building
the bassinet for a little bit it's gonna
look like this I'm really glad we got
this range because it goes from
kindergarten all the way up to 18 I
don't think it works like that though
because we're gonna be eating this for a
long long time which is awesome it's 18
months what's K 10 K much yes what does
that mean zero oh no can't you know K is
Latin for zero it's not it is a million
percent yes I'm fucking with you I don't
know the kindergarten to eighteen that's
I'm thinking I'm fine fuck it
well he fucking better enjoy this bed
you're 18 you look at this cute boy does
this paper bill there's no bed I felt
like our boy then I look like this which
guy but this guy oh it does look hicap
Asian house beater okay I can see that
how do you feel obvious without building
a little little guys speaking I'm
thinking final are you doing something
she she you see all the stuff I bought
okay are you kidding me yeah I I am
loaded it makes a little tune sound you
make when you're doing the exercise
that's a that vowel is the most
pronounced vowel I never call you poppy
you're missing out what would you call
everyone I bought the I just
I don't know this is really cute nice
pep talk about that stuff from the boys
in front of us which boy our son you
can't talk about the sex stuff he does
look pretty cute though he isn't here
how do you like it that you don't know
how do you like that you're building
your son's house and bed it's really
cool um it almost like I feel like it
turns on the dad instincts rather than a
handyman interesting oh really yeah so
cuz I'm building it on the I record the
baby's here and it feels the way I'm but
God make sure it supports it located and
the baby here I'm like was just going to
be comfy and uh it's just really cool
but unlike a aging parent I'm not going
to use it against them I'm on board I
was the one who built that there's that
you better fucking listen to me we'll
see about that it will do with us could
you run out of so much shit to say with
these little fuckers you got to throw
something that they understand well
hopefully I can operate on logic and
they don't operate on logic that's where
you're going to lose every time
yeah kids don't operate on logic they're
all emotion so is that way it turns turn
freakin done maybe forget how emotion
yeah because it is just how do you fight
fucking a coo coo brain well it's a
Google brain hopefully that's our job
that I'm selling in the corner by
Collison okay I help me we're trying to
be logical
you got a user again Marcus it's gonna
be both of you against me I feel it
already of your progress in the
beginning logical right and then when
that doesn't happen ma bear sets it in
the middle right and the mantra has a
whole emotional range and then popper
comes back and throw the kid out the
window sorry we're on the second story
I'll take your D sides and you take care
of the middle mark look oh god help us
the killer today came home early
finished up all the baby stuff moved it
all upstairs we still have a little bit
organizing to go but now we're going to
go buy some tacos and bring it over to
Gio's brother's house which is how I
have the insect Republic if you had held
mosquitos so I'm going to spray this on
buy some tacos and go uh keep them
company a little bit because tomorrow
he's having two babies of his own and we
know he's by stress not going to bring
home some dinner and also a camera so he
could take pictures but I'm a wrap it up
here so we could spend some family time
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
