my bear has some really cool earrings on
today would you like to show them yeah
Wow
tell them about your earrings so they're
big hoop earrings but it has the scales
on them that is my astrological sign
it's a Libra so that's for anyone born
in October I think late September and
mid October so out of Rocky I've never
owned hoop earrings in my life just oh
really yeah growing up in that make you
look which is growing up in East LA only
like the Cholas would wear right yeah
and my sister brought them all the time
but these ones mean just is hey like you
bikini look at all the fun that Tigers a
screamer I'm sorry which shows this the
drag community oh my god send me an
invite I want to hang out with you I am
absolutely in love with that community
you guys are beautiful and just
watching this I'm like yeah I can learn
so much in every aspect of being a woman
from these drag queens is that where you
guys inspire to get those super fabulous
earrings from no I already got these in
terms of doing my makeup right now while
watching that show I just saw my mom
that I just thought like more risks or
inspiration oh no I was just doing my
eyeliner and I'm like you know I'm gonna
go thicker and I was about to do go big
and say it I'm like no I think I've
been watching the show way too long you
don't have the confidence they did uh no
I don't have that kind of call
but they also are amazing makeup artists
that's true they're amazing
do you want to be a drag queen tyka he's
gonna be a drag bear what was the
inspiration behind giving Joe no that's
right
when he was like oh and then I asked you
like do you have he's like no I saw
buddy get it and then like one night it
was in the shopping cart right
probably but like one night like 5:00 in
the morning I was like a new man oh they
should make a back one worth a butt
crack
oh yeah the bottom took the bottom part
of it well would be another way
these days I need two coffees so I got
my Starbucks regular black coffee
BAM bleah came in clutch with the but no
makeup we and then my favorite so last
night because I knew we were gonna shoot
JK news and we have access to Burnley
I didn't eat carbs last night just so I
could have one of these for else you're
prepared for it yeah there you go
oh my dear Lord this is delicious
look at that way better than Subway oh
it is kind of spicy but it gives it a
low fight though
oh I love kick it's delicious you like
cilantro yeah but not like this you
don't like green cilantro are you
picking on me right now
never never never I never I never never
never never no that's true I apologize
repeat that what is this
kimono what secret society as tight it
does look pretty nice on their ghost
good at the earrings did it doesn't
really get I know it's good looks great
oh yeah you look like a gangster doctor
yeah but they were white I don't know
let me see Regina show up in a black lab
do you free clothes
he's got carefully no cuz you know guys
all the time we got gel you got a
freaking sneakily put it on yeah yep
just like that just like that see just
like that looks pretty nigh I think it's
tight dope I like Sam a touch this
is actually like a windbreaker see the
incidence things going on here well
that's tight it is tight in the back in
the front but
stitching of the embroidery and the
labeling on the side that's sick so they
just go to a secret society calm yeah
just go to you get all this at Bartle
get calm just finished JK news got home
I would like to make a note that I had
dressed up nice again today I feel like
denim jacket my cream or I don't know
what color bar opened a shirt my new bow
shoes I really like these I like the
color pop and I got green joggers on but
I got my dad grandpa came to visit and
he's feeding Tiger Baba
I mean it's all it's all shopping
my dad really loves him my dad's been
whining on Cranston for a long time and
my voice is cracked yes I know and he
finally got his grandson so he's his
favorites I think my dad likes him or
any likes me he's even know what I'm
saying
my dad's little duck lips
let's grandpa my dad hello duck goats
earlier he was making a little duck lips
at thangka my dad's like this mo for the
type of mommy
I like watching my dad play with Tyco
because it's always cool to see like a
softer side of my dad my dad's kind of
like that tough asian dad that had a
hard time being vulnerable and showing
like love you know and I think with me
growing up even though I know my dad
loved me he didn't show me the
traditional Western Way of like a lot of
hugs or anything like that even when I
mean the first time he ever hugged me
was when I graduated from boot camp and
that's after him not seeing me for three
and a half months and then he hugged me
and cried and in a second times he
didn't hug me but I told my got into
UCLA any quenched me and hard enough
telling me you love me
I like brush every single day come back
what are you smelling down there every
day I was expecting you yeah yeah my
kids I can be home in any search text to
be like mom where you have even oh my
dad at his daddy's is laughing
go boy so Marber told me that she got
some sick-ass shoes I haven't seen them
yet wait I want to call my guys shoes
cuz I know we have some sneaker head
fans so I don't want to offend them by
thinking like this thing they're sick
ass is I just think they're cute for me
I'm by no means a sneaker head at all
that I just thought they were cute cute
ass shoes that yeah but I wanna show you
some other stuff
alright so follow me again by no means
am i claiming to be a sneaker head or
have any insight to the sneaker world or
any of that I just have my own geo
personal style yeah you just like what
y'all were you like oh some would then
put the weights away a barbell Brigade
2.0 3.0 oh my god um so let me give you
a little bit of background with what
I've been doing says you know I have
Tyco and I'm loved that all of you guys
love him so much um and since I had Tyco
actually since before I had cyclists uh
since I was pregnant um I was always
looking at clothes right cuz I love
fashion in my terms not like high-end
like Paris Fashion Week New York like
that and that's just like clothes I like
accessories um so while I was pregnant I
would go online to different stores like
Urban Outfitters Nordstrom just
different different places and I would
look for clothes and then once I gave
birth to type and now I'm getting my
figure back I still I have even less
time than I did before
um so now the way I shop is I don't have
time to go out and try stuff on so I go
online shopping a lot yeah I buy a bunch
of stuff I try it on at home and then I
return it so that's the background on
that so I've been copying her style by
the way so with that let me show you
some things that just didn't work out
that looks really good yeah
so I thought these were jeggings what
the hell are jeggings Jean so these look
like jeans but they're in ladies okay so
I thought these were jackings but
they're just white leggings and then I'm
like I can do white but yeah show you're
under oath
especially through white but you can see
you underwear through white what if you
just don't work under won't even know
what's going on there why is your pubic
hair black I said why is there pubic
hair black you're disgusting
your mother you know that it's it's kind
of like this one uh but it just it just
didn't have the presence that I wanted
it to have kind of presence did you want
like a big like I wanted like like a big
Muppet character girls have really big
curly hair yeah love looks I was hoping
to have that same effect but in a
sweater yeah we just came out kind of
like I don't know and it still needs
I literally just try and it put it back
inside oh these shirts it was really sad
my stomach's not quite where I want it
to be and then I bet it looks really
crazy on camera but then because I'm
tall yeah a really long torso yeah um so
it looks like I'm trying to be
when I'm not
like maybe someone like TIF who's petite
yeah um if this would fit are so cute
with high-waisted jeans you only just
shows like two inches rather than like
yeah it shows like from here all the way
down to here so that's a lot of skin
that I'm just not that's just not my
style
yeah not to see that anything bad this
one didn't make the cut I thought I was
gonna be really really cute but look at
all that's lingerie look holy you
can see the price on the price it's like
a cheese cloth but it was so cute
because it's a really cool length yeah
just didn't make the cut Oh jeans
they're made well if you don't know
about me - well check out made well and
by the way we went to a bunch of made
all stores they're female only from what
I know I don't think yeah I don't think
it's for dice I got these but the two
big which was awesome
because I thought I was that size all
right those jeans look kinda like the
boyfriend style you know oh cool it was
a plaid so it always feels good when the
jeans are too big so that's what I'm on
the market for boots you guys know any
cool boots are those the shoes I'm just
I'm just wondering medium to low those
were Brown oh sorry
I want brown boots because I have like
I'm sorry oh I got excited to show you
the quality is really nice but I just
didn't like the way it fit it looked it
just didn't have the speeds that I
wanted it to have they look nice
they weren't they're really nice but
it's just not my skis I see what's the
ones that I I'll show you one that when
I actually find
I am okay so those didn't make that
that's what's going back yeah but these
though wait those are fresh I really
like those ones so these are uh these
are chucks or converse or something yeah
and then like the og chucks they look
clunky oh yeah which these are my
favorite the classics and then love I
think they look better the more you wear
them out yeah
it just gives them a lot more
personality but he's just the cuter and
then it's they just look earlier it
slimmer like the solo part yeah I think
those two I don't know what I'm gonna
wear it with but I feel like I have to
be more girly it look cool I like them
I'm still wondering that I'm that way
which ones those are really here right
now my favorites but who got you all
those shoeboxes dot to keep the
organized that guys I'm still kind of
learning to like I have to learn how to
tie my laces better
I'd only know how to do me that I like
when you first buy them yeah they do
that like loop oh yeah
but that that doesn't look it when you
wear it though well I don't know how to
type this looks stupid that's because
you just have too much lace I like to do
it when I tie a little knot no I
it's family because I'd love to double
oh it's a double two but if you have too
much lace so for example if I look I
want to mine like let's see if it's a
look like a beast once see I make sure
that this I make it it's a tiny yeah I
make you tiny like that well that's cute
I need help I can't put it back in one
hand on the camera but that's what I do
alright you ready shoes go all over
there
I can't wait to wear these so I have a
lot of going out shoes like the stiletto
heel and they're just they're just not
appropriate for Dave events yeah but I
don't really have any day event type
shoes yeah they're all sneakers yeah um
so I'm like oh this is appropriate for
like these are the ones they're not the
old G's but they're the cute version mm
oh you got them that's tight cuz I
remember I showed you my 97's and I
think you were like I want to give some
97 yes it's a compact with you but I'm
getting the girl version yes yeah I
don't know if that's cool but that's
cute these are so these are Papa's and
I'm glad that Papa has the guy version
you cuny you be cute me I like how your
foots just slightly bigger than mine but
I'm like 2 inches taller which makes me
happy because it'd be sad if it was like
this yeah so mine is slightly smaller
than yours yeah doh I mean yours are
still sick and I like the all-gold ones
but for the girl version they're like
mine those are fresh I like them
Thanks and it's not white they're all
like different variations of cream yeah
that's tight so all of that explanation
was to show you these cuz I thought they
were pretty dope I like them they're
really cool
yeah that's been my method just buy and
then refund don't wear it out cuz I'm
not ghetto like that anymore
only about that one time when you're a
kid jános really young and really broke
now I can pay my bills and I have a
savings some good oh I saw one of my
jean boxes come in I'd try it on yeah
you tried any yep I'll be right back all
right but uh but yeah I again I don't
have like fancy shoes like they're just
decent shoes like nothing great like I
don't even care if the brand is cool
like I got these maybe like for
Marshalls or something but I thought
they were just so
cute and so sick I don't even know what
the brand is Mew how's it been working
for you is it like and I don't like it
so I like it because it's convenient and
you breathe in the changing room to your
house what I don't like about it is you
don't know the material and then
sometimes you don't know stretching the
fabric is so for example I bought like a
couple of jeans and I thought they were
hella dope and then when I brought it
home I realized they're not stretch
denim like anyways so that's why why is
it that hard
there's only tape you make it looks like
there's glue these ones I've been trying
to be a little more progressive and get
some I got a return these
oh I'm keeping it more skinny type jeans
yep oh yes two of them oh these ones are
not the skinny ones why'd you get a bed
oh I realize the other pair of jeans I
got they were the wrong length ah
frequently and everything so I got what
is it I 34 by 32 34 by 30 oh but what I
really like about these you see this
touch it
it's a cool material so it's cool to the
touch oh so a lot of the other jeans
like you put it on it immediate music
feels hot at least for a hot guy like me
a guy he's one it's like you think it's
cool to the touch feel see and the car
stretch they are all my ladies out there
it's like we've been having that
stretchy material
you guys just adopted it Oh
for that stretch technology to hit guy
close
I don't know but BAM that looks nice
whoa look at those ads damn papa dam dam
dam papa damn damn damn yeah it looks
great oh I was about to see something
how do you guys like Bart in slimmer
jeans do you like his older
looser-fitting jeans or do you like
these show him show me Dan look at that
wad these guys what's going on what's
going on who's causing a ruckus they
look great they look good I mean and you
can move in it unlike regular jeans
without the stretch careful don't let
him rub up against you I already know
black he doesn't want your love he just
wants water yeah good boy good job papa
they look good promise
yeah let's wait to read the comments
though what do you guys really think
about these pants I think they look good
I love this phase of tiger right now I'm
changing his diaper and he's just
exploring all those little hands are
just touching everything feeling and
learning the world pushing oh she's
about to fall over I think it's so cool
we got to push this back over ANCA good
boy
so strong - it just moves the whole
thing wow this thing's pretty heavy it's
got to be at least probably five pounds
what are you just holding it up holy
crap you're freaking strong dang
yeah I move your hand this means five
pounds alright moving back over here
he's exploring good boy every night we
change his diaper and make sure it's
nice and dry before we put him to bed
you gotta changes a little bit to sulk
in through a little bit and then we go
upstairs feed them and then it goes to
sleep oh you get excited you're getting
started two little feet well feed action
good boy yep that's it for today I'm
gonna put my bed and then we're gonna go
to bed see you guys tomorrow
