all right back at it again just can use
just just so we have to do it so we got
to do it sorry sorry
oh yeah Gina churches hi okay bye that's
budget bitch no open your fucking mouth
punches no no this is funny as it is I
forget the fucking shit oh I bet if I
press record focus it alright just right
it's pretty good Gina why don't you like
about them they say this will help me
we're up something so everything no I
don't sell funny right wait could
someone give me context so they
literally just press record in the show
and I don't like I don't like so Justin
David Mary what happened why would you
open the bag like that oh that was a
very good thing was running over oh my
god I'm sorry
tell me this isn't like punches by
precious or one of my fit I grew up
eating the ship it tastes like sweet
whole grains with saltiness on it it's
delicious
she doesn't like them and what I always
is is the kid is if you don't like Sun
Chips you're obviously not like I
haven't you hey there's a chiona for you
guys you're making your rash okay she
has one you know get one
I guess cookies in memory anyway try to
see the number I'm gonna get it together
cuz I did train was going wrong I like
talking another three six so the
dominant I know it was weird like Google
Brainiac as a felon over in order for an
entry game remember like I don't have
anything against friendship you know at
all well release it I already fixed as
long as you member done favorite chick I
don't like I don't like late I like the
dealership the signatories are whacked
no bombs we agree on something
wait every time I went to a fucking
party again and headways chips those
fucking thin ass crazy fucking hate it I
hate it yeah and I hate it
only in my sandwiches if I'm doing oh
yeah later I became Tony sandwiches ya
know with you is where did the fuckin
humping come from you never get I
celebrate when I agree uh-huh
she honks when you celebrate when you
hear oh my god I love this conversation
what are the chips do I like Oh have you
had the frito the chili the chili hot
cheeto frito what is this anyone yeah oh
yeah my mom favorite thank you
do you like the line better than the
regular I like remember the rotary and
of course I don't know you better I
can't I can't use it on your man I
haven't got my 20 I've never had hot
cheetos with cream cheese yes no all the
know I love the bottom I want nacho
cheese that's the last night hey welcome
guys don't mistake them for me baby
glass on okay let's roll I got a lot
can't wait with no no no no no that was
about it
tell them to see everyone in a row I
mean that I think your biggest words I
always think I see them is always all
right after a wall came under the bucket
101 oh yeah I see it I'm going right
after work then what work this work this
is work I made it selling a job job look
I need that in my life
okay that's my favorite thing when she
talked about drips and swirls I mean how
much I love it
go Jerry much you should like a like a
fucking retard quick lemon so it's all
bad technique but actually our goal is
here I was gonna do a roll but David
decided to come to the second session
later you started late though no
everyone's here ended late though
remember two minutes lioness well you
always are lie on your climb they're
here on time they were here like
20 minutes I can't breathe the baby hi
fuck the bitch is taking your baby homie
it's our pain son
oh babe I got I got some news to tell
you what what what ah yep so I don't
know how this happened but the baby's no
longer yours or mine
uh hey what the fuck I'm happen that's a
good baby now if I log no babies in go
ahead what the fuck most of the time
about the other time sometimes we wanna
deal with random people cause a dance
and you're okay with that because
through struggle is how you grow in life
you're the worst father ever
what I says I'm not a penny more got you
babe ah you're not the father is your
father
I miss the jam session god dang it
Danica Shirey yes alright well we are
trapped now from the Dixon news and
these guys did already know from work I
think they've done it once in a while so
I mean how you don't work and all we do
oh my god I have a baby
it's your guys's baby I think we're a
little grub nel actually but I'm not
sure because now this is make this
little circle happening here so I don't
know what we're gonna do I think were
going to grab two yeah I don't know you
look a nipple generated on this so we
just finished having dinner and it was
really nice because we don't always get
to see Tim and Ric because they're just
as busy as we are so it's always nice to
connect and we did get to see them it
was via J can you stand we are working
but now that we just finished having
dinner it was really cool because nobody
was blogging nobody was really on the
phone we got to connect with people we
were laughing like another would be yeah
oh I'm going to pee myself
either I was going to pee myself or I
was going to give birth because there's
so many funny things happening at that
table it was really really nice to just
connect to ask people and just hang
yeah cuz even though like we're all on
YouTube and we've connected through
YouTube but there's still like YouTube
they're still connecting as real life
and so I mean us and them go way back
all the it's a special ingredient when
was your first baby
yeah my first photo just hang on it's
just regular people outside of YouTube
and all that does is leave fun yeah so
now we're going home and visit up Daisy
okay finally back home and what's the
peel box today and I got some packages
from you guys that I want to show
definite gratitude and huge appreciation
for so I'm gonna have popper open it up
for me papa
yakety honestly but what it is is
painting I have no idea
I think it's a deed we actually did the
DVD is not if you guys want to send
anything to us today you guys are always
asking you can send it to Giovanna
Antoinette or smartphone crumb yeah
Compubox 1c3 wirings Park 911 seven five
four
this is like their additional steps down
to worry about this part okay I think
it's DVD I don't know I think it's some
sort of artwork who's it from this is
from low town trading nom scheme what is
this room
this one's from uh Bernard Chu okay
Thank You Bernard shoot what do you do
what is that let's see it is Oh a DVD
what the hell Alex Jones presents
reflections and warnings and interview
with Erin Russell
what is this almost thing kind of scares
me it does well in the back say okay it
says um a legacy of freedom that will
live on in an historic final interview
filmmaker and music producer Aaron
Russell goes in-depth on the insider
knowledge given to him by a member of
the Rockefeller family Russell
told prior to 9/11 hmm a plans to stage
terror attacks and all crazy also like a
prophecy tech stuff
Oh Crazy's there like a note in here as
to why I'm getting this I don't know
it's kind of I don't know either Gary
it's been kind of gives me chills look
at this guy's face looks kind of weird
and then look for her here look I don't
know well thank you for thinking of us I
don't know what brought on this Sophia
if you send us this send me a message
send me a DM or something um and I want
to know what you thought processes
because it looks it sounds interesting
although he is creeped out by the cover
and he does look a little bit creepy
all right on brunettes also freaks me
out you freak that we love are you
hiding down there the saddest puppy in
the world
okay next DVD okay we'll just from this
one is from uh Chester Chester for
Chester notice no T okay well maybe he
forgot to another Aaron Russell what is
this Aaron Russell America freedom to
fascism this is a movie you must see
this is a movie the government must keep
you from seeing you ever talk about
anything in the government the scariest
film you'll see this year
9/11 look like Bambi what and the time
of universal deceit telling the truth is
a revolutionary act what is it what is
this now Wow
is there a note silence is golden but
when it threatens our freedom it's
yellow another and less fulfilled
okay so what did we say remind us you're
going to watch this yeah what did we
talk about can you please remind us like
we've log our everyday life and you know
you don't really remember what you say
like you said last week with amongst
your friends so let us know what we said
to get this DVD or these DVDs what's
this one is another DVD our first it
feels like it's another TV
we're going on should we ask Joe about
these I feel like he knows about my team
I yeah although Inspira series
conspiracy stuff okay the red tail is
way in its journey into the men's rights
movement from award-winning filmmaker
Kathy J what makes her phone well key I
don't know thousand iron wrong movie did
we watch then that we were just like
talking about then that were with it
don't we're hitting all these okay the
rest l chronicles filmmaker Cassie J's
year long Odyssey following the
mysterious and polarizing men's rights
movements men's right I thought we had
all the boys game a dollar what the fuck
men have all the rights the red pill
explores today's gender Warren asked the
question what is the future of gender
equality
Cassie J's journey exploring an
alternate perspective on gender equality
power and privileges forces her and
others to question her own beliefs
well damn this sounds really cool I'm
I'm with it like all of these sound
really interesting to me so I'm with it
I don't really good now all the dogs are
scared what's going on
I just realized oh fuck we go we are
what uh we never know have a new laptop
right well I just gotta get DVD player
then well thank you thank you guys so
much for this very heavy heavy dark
content and now I please just refresh
your memory I don't know what we talked
about that you're sending these to us
but thank you nonetheless I appreciate
it I always will enjoy stuff like
shallow water
yeah you want to just be another more
lighthearted or like uh one of my
favorite movies the per speech oh yeah
yeah yeah these are kind of like heavy
Omaha it's okay
thank you so much for trying to spread
the knowledge but I had a beautiful day
with you guys beautiful day with my
friends and my JK Pam um Tim and Rick
they're fucking pretty there's fucking
awesome sorry yes yes it is
is it weird if I like this I like to
scratch it
yeah I'm scratching not picking it I
guess not it is weird if you pick it but
you just scratched at the assignment
okay because you know it won't be like
this it always figured out Pinkie Pie
might be scratching exactly they just
okay fine where you going to go for bed
now you can get it
get ready something sorry Tyler YouTube
well thank you guys so much for watching
this concludes my day of a lot of
laughter and good times
ah thanks again see you later see you
tomorrow bye bye
