not fair yeah how do you have the
confidence to always choose the coolest
colors confident yeah I do have a cool
pink leather backpack you have the super
rainbow purple light touch looking pants
and then you have a clear bag oh I don't
know I think it's just stuff I like I
see my father's cute and then and I
think I buy enough stuff of all this
cute that eventually it makes an outfit
but when I buy it one time I'm just like
don't know what I'm gonna wear that yeah
but then I just accumulate that honest
cute
and then eventually I just become
something what we're doing down there if
you were matching sweaters oh right in
the color there's women in color
sweaters hot drinks how big how BIG's
300 dammit it's pretty much like 6:30 in
the morning right now and on Mondays and
Wednesdays we get up pretty early
because you have to go to bar llobregat
to still and also to work out and for me
I'm pretty used to it
because I think once I get used to like
a schedule for like two weeks then I can
prep my sleep and I'll sleep at like
10:00 or something I'll get like a good
eight hours but for my bear I don't know
how Martha does it every morning I wake
up I'm always like modern uh sure you
wanna go to Jim she's making a baby so
she needs to sleep enough for two people
but at least 50% of the time she's able
to get up and I don't know perfect
launch of this but I really respect your
determination
Wow you never tell me nice things notice
I just see it in my mind like when I see
you get out of bed your mind I say my
mind are you staying in your mind yeah
as you get out of bed on my class but
termination because I don't know if I
can get out of that if I'm making a baby
really yeah I always feel like you
always go like god damn it's gross
slowing me down I'm like no I do that
when you don't have a baby I don't know
if you noticed before the past seven
months when you don't get out of it I
don't make fun of you at all because I
know you're making a babies when you
don't get out of bed and they're like
pop I don't feel good today I'm like
that's perfectly fine but when you
weren't making a baby and you let pop I
don't feel good so they're all really
what is and I don't tell me your big toe
hurts never know no love but was showing
you how much love of is showing you you
don't realize it fine thank you how do
you do it don't you get tired in the
morning I am I think it's because you
make fun of me so much I just feel like
oh god I don't want to hear it today and
I do it so all the preparation of when
you weren't pregnant it really paid off
when you work with it yeah fine wine no
I swear you you are you make me so hard
that like I want to hear it what about
the data you do have no Spanish because
you don't know that thing that you
really don't focus yeah I really don't
know that I don't even know how to
explain it it just my body just feels
like now about today I dude you gotta
sleep it
and what also helps is that I have to
film this theory yeah so then I don't
want my sisters yeah the pregnant harlot
experience on the barber Brigade Channel
and this felt like we have a team behind
that so I don't want to let my feet down
either even if I don't build it I'm
still like off but I still gotta do it
and it's pretty cool because then after
I exercise I gently feel a lot better so
it always helps
I'm very proud of you every single day
when I see you in the gym training for
the big belly come with that so CUNY and
that's the woman in Perry and I'm so
proud the other one thank you
this is super teeny oh no not another
one
what no I just think it's super teeny
right now you should know it can't be
about me no no I mean Franco so this is
super teeny because I'm just probably
the year to go and me and mom burn at
the peak of JK's busiest at the peak of
bottle brigades busiest like if you look
in our cupholders it was like monsters
and like all kinds of stuff but now I
think we're getting more domesticated it
looks older so we have I got my coffee
which I just bought mother has a passive
we can miniature not just oatmeal
cookies
miniature of me always these are the
cutest fucking cookies I've ever seen
and then what do you have in here water
milk and you have no comment' this is so
freakin domesticated out milk cookies
coffee no more monsters no more Red
Bulls we used to drink the crazy crazy
extreme shit yeah you think so yeah I
don't think I hadn't wanted a head
lesson I thought about coffee you know
we're really really busy back in the
days and we should shoot like I was
caught bored and yeah like 40 article
like 40 JK news articles and we would
meet on bottle brigade in the morning
and that night at the pole Saturday like
those days I was drinking my two
monsters a day it was crazy Burgess
fucking kidding herself okay yeah but
now it feels great not that whatever did
go came but yeah it was just like static
stream we needed to be ants yeah yeah
well I don't have much of a choice if I
did okay I do have a choice I have a
minor choice but yeah we would probably
have to coffee I always thought when you
drink black coffee that that was very
adult-like of you clothes on prior to
that I enjoy coffee but I think I
enjoyed more like slavery yeah yeah I
like like the vanilla part and the milk
part of the coffee so it was like 50%
flavor and then 50% sugar and then wait
that's another percent
okay like 40% sugar and then 10% coffee
that was like my coffee in the morning I
tell you secret that I just realized I
don't think I ever told you it has just
happen in my head okay the reason why I
drink black coffee don't lie on your
bald no so before like most people I
drank coffee with sweetener and creamer
and I love it I love Frappuccino and I
love caramel macchiato they love all the
stuff that Starbucks has one of my
favorite drinks was vanilla lattes as
well as hazelnut lattes and um then I
would see people drinking black so I got
to try that so drink it black and I'm
like goddamn it shit is like fucking
shit yeah it's fucking bare as fuck
there's no flavor what the fuck is it I
don't even feel all inside no it was
nasty
yeah and then so this is where the side
of me turns on usually what I want to
come into the face or stroll all right
oh you want to taste value little bitch
ass fucking tongue you fucking bitch
tongue want to taste that shit back well
fuck you then all we're going to fuckin
drink is fucking black coffee until it
tastes good you little bitch ass tongue
ass motherfucker
so I started drinking black coffee on
purpose every single day until it
finally tasted good until this day I
don't know if it tastes good I just know
that it doesn't taste bad anymore
so I'm just gonna take your black coffee
now but I still I still enjoy the desert
coffee
such an interesting person why I don't
know all this self like deprivation
deprivation self yeah self deprecation
sorry I'm focusing deprecation all the
likes um there's a cool steam roll in
front of us by the way yeah
it's miniatures for you I don't know
just like all the abuse you give
yourself you're so hot these are awesome
but it didn't contain it it was odd
sorry I don't we find it odd you don't
ever want to challenge yourself yeah but
I don't talk shit to myself like that
like I don't I don't treat myself like a
piece of shit you know myself like that
jesus said she might look like a
gentleman but I do talk shit to myself a
lot I think I'm the little brother I
never had
so I never had a chance to release that
anger and it's able to build someone up
and have like that powerful little I
don't have that even when they have
siblings then you have your parents
death and I don't talk like that
oh they don't learn and they become more
bitches because their parents can't step
in it Oh far no justice
you're just an extreme ass person I
didn't tell your mom and she has a
headache so what is she doing since
taking medication for this lateral what
the fuck how did that make sense
she could have hiding like whoa whoa
you're fighting no today give me doing
that she does I'm like squad that's
important stuff
the Asian wave
so speak about bad luck for publishers
new car is already getting towed look at
this
it's not getting posed is it it's a bad
thing
well I guess it's always a bad thing
right but he was driving hit a pothole
of that and it's tired exploded I think
it's the tire right hold and good work
so now I'm gonna try the dilma times get
run flat on my nuts head up higher oh I
thought that was just uh Gunderson
I know I thought it was a BMW using only
oh that's uh like what if it says I did
so many potholes in my in my car and
never wants to just have it I'd even
know that I could have it today was like
a pre-existing - maybe it was a great
car whole like I kind of took my chance
with it I saw it and then I was I
I should be cool so I went over with the
porch multiple times fighting with cars
much heavier than the force with
additional I being way too obvious and
maybe these tires of my a little bit
might be a little bit thinner and
support you that's one one to the fourth
or twenty let's get the
sorry baby disgust you haven't driven it
in like two days
how long is going to take it up Larry
but I got all Larry alright well that's
our situation luckily we have multiple
cars we are driving the Batmobile over
there as you guys saw this morning
because we're going to get the office
all day we don't like leaving our dogs
home all day so we bring our pups with
us and instead of leaving them out here
or in the gym they actually want to stay
in the truck so we're - shit if you keep
our previous vlogs anytime we're outside
plus it's a Nadeem we need to back there
but meatless meatloaf loves to jump into
the bed of the truck and just sit there
for hours and I'm like no come on
get out let's walk around like see with
us and he's like I'm chilling the truck
bed so the expected chill on the truck
bed so we park it backwards leave all
the windows open and we leave them in
the shade and they fucking love it
there's a weird installs ever cool is
chillest but weird as fuck I'm so
traumatized every time I see stuff like
this in the office I don't know if
that's a snack that's supposed to be for
the snack section for our pleasure or if
that's the next upcoming JK party
punishment I really don't know
that's how publicize I have from Jake
your party I've just got to the office
time to uh I got to take a little peepee
and I gotta get into my first bottle
brigade meeting which is barbell
apparently I have no idea why but fun
favorite place is always hiding
underneath the desk fun why are you
there why are you always hiding
underneath my desk
I think is so cute below eyes behind
you're cute too ringing where's meatloaf
where's your brother
where did you guys is brother he's done
run away okay that's weird so bring he's
going through 4000m and they just made
themselves comfortable awesome but where
your brother I have no other little
brothers time for me to eat much just
finished our production meeting just
really cool because we're going to take
a new approach to the barbell Brigade
YouTube channel I think for the longest
time we've been treating it very
personality based you know we have a lot
of really cool personalities at barbell
but then what we realized is at least
for us the direction want to take Barlow
brigade we wanted to be able to jib
brand one day you know like something
that's recognized like Nike or the
hundreds or something like that and so
if we keep tying the brand to solely
personalities then the brand will never
grow beyond the personality you know
like there's the reason why Nike so big
is yes Jeff LeBron James but you also
have or had a Pinterest Silva you have
Olympians you have all kinds of stuff
and the brand itself gets to grow with
its own content so that's all we're
going to try to do to try to create more
brand specific videos so we discussed
there which is awesome so now you're
going to see a lot of like really
polished bar bubble Brigade stuff
because our editors are Nadeem and Evan
are really really talented so now they
really get to flex which I'm really
happy for and then apparel we always got
dope stuff coming out with Barbra weird
apparel so stay tuned fast stuff but now
I'm going to cut up make my lunch
there you are I was looking all over for
you
were you with him so I'm in the middle
of eating and about to edit a video and
a client came in what would you like sir
hello yes I don't want to tell you
I'll give you billion dollars to have
more $3 a billion dollars show me the
money
this is the money right here Wow
is it about my money yes your money so
you're gonna give me my own money to
have my dog my think I might I might
have to refuse can you give me a better
offer
okay okay the fast meeting would you
guys think fun going to be given away
now it's time for me to do a photo shoot
for barbell for some new news stuff so
you're going to slide here first here's
some sneak peeks and here's also the
outfit that we're putting together so we
got the new cream dominate hum blue
t-shirt preparing that with some navy
blue pants some of these shoes right
here with the console bottom but elastic
cream and we didn't decide if we're
going to go with a light denim jacket or
the cream we were thinking that might be
too monotone but it also because it's
monotone mind with extra fresh then
moving on over here got the new no
limits or paying that with like the rust
orange pants with the leather shoes with
all of it and tan top and then we're
going to go with the gray hoodie beach
pants and then probably not be shoes
just it up we need something to pop more
so I'm going to be wearing Evans choose
those j's right there it's a great fresh
hey do you guys are you guys ready
why not you men ever want to hold your
office right now what shoulder is the
new saran wrap collection we're just
doing
I'm pretending like you're working those
potatoes are working person weird button
then we look to those changes you guys
ready god dammit
we've found our first really dope
location and we traveled really far and
wide to find it and it's right here
right in front of our awesome do you
guys not even be created for me to be
creative and the first location is
literally right in front of our office
come on dude just stop messing around we
actually get this photo shoot done I got
places to go I hope you know the fucking
the place I told you about come on we're
looking for places to shoot so in the
parking structure now and I think we're
thinking of something creative over
there there's a patch of light on the
floor and we get to stand in it and then
there could be something cool so now I'm
on Hopkin number two which is this navy
blue hoodie and I swapped out the shoes
get the clean pack and we'll see what we
figure out here Dennis right so I just
finished filming I'm not filming I just
finished shooting all of the clothes and
now I'm a geo mom's house she doesn't
want you to sell I'm not filming I'm
just talking to you with the stick my
mom just said are you gonna be filming
you said no hey guys Salam here oh my
god is that fresh salsa yeah that looks
delicious
what's the secret recipe to your amazing
cooking then dad okay and then a little
bit of salt and some garlic got it okay
perfect
you never
other ways what can you offer you pick
yeah right yeah that's true I if you
know what I do you will never in your
face know I love you I don't need your
food to come here
yours is better I guess your food and
you put me to shame sir you see does a
lot of me so what did you make today I
see all kinds of amazing food on the
stove all right well I'll take it over
so if my Mexican eyes serve me correctly
there is sofas there's oil - fiber sofas
there's video which is Mexican spaghetti
I think and as there is the meat all and
here it is again the secret sauce ismail
you told me before
ah I am so lucky today can I eat
everything
yeah thank you hey who's this guy
is that a shark yeah or I took my
sister-in-law my brother's wife is
coming she's also pregnant this is so
delicious
I already snuck one by number fight to
turn on the camera because what are you
smiling at
Christopher like how much I like how you
behind your mom you don't want to be on
camera
Oh fresh pineapple juice
what about you're a superstar show me
hopping on one hand you're something I
mean the hata one egg Oh what happened
one Lake what I don't know just telling
me that you learn something new today
but you know the hop on one leg okay
show me
I caught me I could okay do it real oh
she's not shy at all
okay go crazy on you that we tested oh
nice there we go back to the fishes food
it's so yummy you're just such a great
job oh I hate diet you guys know I hate
that I can gain weight that that sounds
kind of funny actually to leave it like
this you're gonna gain it I'm gonna work
it out like a French president uh oh my
goodness more magic thank you so much
your magician the Fidel was amazing they
hella impressed my hair is tremendous
Pilate peace
there's a line bust
what no get a sudden to be there okay
yeah uncle better hurry up you probably
do one side heard you kept shoving the
camera in her face
what what about the socks oh no oh look
what you do you suck the damn thing you
kill it you're so good you're the food
whisper never heard of food whisper no
you whisper to food and the food becomes
delicious no she's gonna do it you will
never do that you're smart time to me
I'll see you guys tomorrow
oh that's good yeah I'm hungry and it
was really good that's it you guys good
night oh that's cool sure you guys
hungry
