what up guys it's 8 a.m. in the morning
and it's already hype at the Bell House
and part of the Barbara gates back bar
over here the rest of the family are on
their way with the lake and we're up so
early because today is the IPF world
championships which is the powerlifting
and which is Olympics of policy and one
of the bottle brigade athletes price
Lewis is competing and lifting and
because it's in mint Belarus arm belarus
minsk we have to time our time zone with
there are times on he's lifting at 6 and
so we have to be up at a.m. so I've been
up since like 7:00 something
oh cool is a Chinese Taiwanese mr.
heelas he can doesn't love traditional
Taiwanese a tall person yang now Chinese
our palate skin okay you know it was
only 23 and you already squats over 600
pounds doing why you not representing
Taiwan but in the home I would represent
the US do that us is too strong today
like at least Taiwan get on the board oh
man go Taiwan come on I want yup yup
alright there we go
damn what's going on good do I speak
about the window oh my goodness
is it priceless astern net no he's about
to lift through rice it is our opener he
hit it opener dude goddamn it
what are you all about and then have the
computers there because it's not about
you did you guys end up getting it
yeah I haven't done anything yet but
loose pages or just slowly gain
terminated hoping you what are you
trying to buy you you - oh yeah you are
I'm not if I don't ok wait alright
waiting for Bryce it would be really
cool if one day a positive who does make
it an Olympics then people can seem
really really high and they can really
take their fall to the gym and the first
one like to a global level
that'd be so cool yes it's move I give
it yeah and the referees are extra
strict
okay Tommy where's rice that guy from
Poland Poland and Great Britain these we
are pretty strong they give America
here's one for the money well I wasn't
worth the continues no you know I mean I
you got you might as well throw it out
there so here is the poem get there
right in the middle
you chose oh that's a row down here
they'll tell you to meet the little
before 9:00 that means they had death
and they hit all that command we were
saying if you can pass up a subtotal a
big price off of my guys
damn right
second attempt he's going for pretty
much go Bryce we've seen you hit this in
the gym before what do you think funny
things gonna get at car all right guys
jemelle okay go Bryce Oh beautiful
beautiful three white lights of course
prices killing it
it's prices third attempt he's going for
three hundred and twelve kilos what's
the math on that baby 687 let's go
bright yes what metals around eggs and
what we say what right does very quietly
yeah what's a Wyatt final are surprised
687 on that right um
three white three right go deep what if
you can apply that oh wow that's awesome
yeah you better believe next year bar
bryce gonna wear a bottle today see what
an t-shirt
I'll tell you guys why later on the year
- so prices been doing great so far he
went three for three on the squat three
for three on the bench and those aren't
even best left oh damn
he's going into the deadlift now and
that's a strong point so I think the
rating him at second or third I think he
can take first if he kills it on the
delyth and everything goes good so we'll
see what happens
I thought this is the last Dallas
attempt and Bryce gets 792 Joseph back
to June IG sorry
let's go Bryce all right dragged 792 Oh
get paid up oh come on all right let's
go Bryce
down so good so Jerry that was still
shut up jam I was going up replay one
where you think he got enough Dover
folks that's not bad
he plays at a world cake polish guys
crazy going for what is that a eighty
holy guacamole
fucking Poland dude you got damn okay
let's go :
let's go rollin that's so crazy
so the guys in this weight class are I
think 230 and this guy's about to pull
880 and this is a drug test of
Federation every holy moly
Oh below you've got a limit I'm immortal
to see where people play jerath Levin
which is a us a teammate of Bryce's this
is Bryce's first time out world we got
Dover that's awesome it makes Oh hands
get that brief laugh uh give me I know
I'm so crazy isn't it
and with every barbell Brigade get
together you know we got a barbecue what
do you have there - deep homage speaks
about my friends aunt got me nice cute
to me that day looks huge
fuck my mom goose so half of it is a is
lit and it's pretty close so it's pretty
high heat and then this side it will be
low heat huh are you going to put a
straight on the onto the wire
yeah damn dude - you're dangerous
we're going to throw it out hey you have
to feel that oh I've my signature recipe
you just ruined it
I'm married only today with no I'm not
your first time here
this is this like a two hundred dollar
cut of meat that you're just goofing
around
yeah this shit okay Chad elfonzo
hopefully
I'll shoot the wash damn dogs Love Bone
time to serve the food feel good you're
way far north the Lucky Charms
silica hey your sauce was very good Matt
thank you I mess it up to the body
oh man who wants to go first
don't be sighs and go grabbing guys are
crazy
stop being so Asian dude you guys are
small Asian try 70 some eater github you
guys start me dunkers are pioneers
pulled by the card game there's another
one with holes that has little talent
imagine if you could forget about taking
your birth control every day yeah look
at frame it this first time I ever make
collard green top is the who looks like
it turned out pretty good at least
Louisa figured I leap is very colorful
the nice green on the collard green
looks still kind of like a flaw I have
because you can meet her now at least I
know yeah this is yours okay I got you
Holton oh yes getting drunk off you my
bear oh yeah down each alcoholic oh you
hear that oh yeah one time mother crazy
yeah
mom really clean up also Wow awesome
family dinner supporting our friends I
got silver medal and now we're eating
world food get it hit God gave it no one
laughed ha ha ha ha ha I am back at the
car dealership again because the time
has finally come
I have to turn this guy in I had such a
fun time with you for the past couple of
years mr. Porsche but we already got a
new car
time to be a dad the lease is up so I do
have a couple of what is it calm
sentimental thoughts this is like the
first nice car I ever bought
it was super dope it with stick shift
but now it's moving on to bigger and
better things and I hope that you will
make someone else
very very very happy one day because you
made me very happy and all of my friends
happy I taught my friend how to drive
stick in it I let almost every one of my
friend drive it so you brought so many
people happiness I love you mr. guy love
you so much now it's time for you to go
back to your family and be happy there I
feel like I'm letting go of an animal of
some sort so funny mother mother
oh yeah do you feel sad the whole winter
I was saying that it feels like I'm
letting go of like an animal back into
nature or I'm like join your family and
be fun and happy with them think your
car now is a more suitable choice this
was a like a rite of passage for you
like yes I've made it I can achieve what
I want yeah you're the ones like now I
get to play with my toys so a good
chapter it is my chapter but we got to
test it out we got to experience it now
we can both day we are driven and played
with the Porsche yeah now it's half the
fun yeah that's one big be actually
forgotten home so when me and Joe first
started JK my dream car was a Corvette
and Joe stream car was a challenger so
the Porsche meant not only like oh cool
I can buy whatever I want but we
actually surpassed her own goals so it
has that sentimental value for me where
I wanted a Corvette and then when JK
started blowing up like oh shit
why didn't I shoot higher you know like
I said I wanted a Corvette but now I
could buy like three of them so I'm like
I'm gonna get a Porsche instead and then
the same thing with Jillian I'm getting
a Jaguar instead of a challenger so mr.
Porsche you brought me a lot of
motivation and drive now if I'm to the
next one there wasn't too much else to
vlog after we returned the car me and
mom Barry came back to connect and then
we just spent some time watching a movie
I was relaxing kind of joiner weekend
what do we want you watched a movie was
it oh the founder with Ray Kroc it's the
it's the McDonald story that was a
really really good movie and then also
afterwards we watched a stand-up special
with Hasan Minhaj and that was really
good in my opinion that's easily one of
the best dentist I've ever seen awesome
writer great craftsman tidy could work
on his delivery was kind of rushed but
his writing ability
for our stand-up I think it's it's up
there with the greats like easily one of
the top 10 standards I've seen so hats
off to him I think he killed it I think
he's going to be something special and
he just told his story in a very very JK
way you know like our JK motto is
teaching good things in a bad way and I
think that's exactly what he did he
taught so many dope lessons through his
own personal experience in a very very
funny way so hats off to you ho son I
thought it was really awesome
it's 11:40 now so I'm getting kind of
tired I'm gonna go to sleep I'll catch
you guys tomorrow peace
