so we are on a break from shooting just
kidding
news and save may be a cool day because
I get to go with David who's going to
drifts and squirrels and I never get to
hang out with him and it's just going to
be him and I so it's going to be fun I
don't know there's a good new flavor if
you don't even know what drips and
swirls is I'll take you you'll see it
will learn about it will taste to get
will see it I'll catch guys
and we're just a couple of Defense's oh
thank you all all right so we are at
awesome barbecue grill and this is right
next to different swirls both I shot
that David own and it's Brazilian
barbecue I don't know enough about it to
explain it but I think this is pork that
is pork belly back asado which is the
rib meat and then any Pacific where he
knows fess up where I refined cartilage
attached to the rib bone a lot of people
don't like it's not pretty for the
section let the special bus I don't know
anything about this number one like this
is my favorite favorite place to get our
barbecue because the price point is
great the meat quality is great too and
it's very common so I am NOT a big fan
of like 2020 food meaning that if you
can make this amount of money over 40
minutes this is presented very humbly
the food a very straightforward finish
upon itself I go to a lot of other like
on HB George great respect associate is
politicking like 30 bucks out of your
pockets is below for growth return on my
paper plates and a delicious home I
can't wait to eat it
I wanna throw on
all right so now manager controls
it's literally right across the street
from not even across the street it's
like a business over when we were having
the barbecue and I'm excited because I
don't know what papers are happening
moving have oh I have hot cheetos and
then they have Betty
Cathy crunch or Barry what do you want
not very uh who do you recommend I
recommend everything if you like to play
MLM are you good oh I've never had an
office on it you're going to cream a
little bit I'll be some you're getting
up more than 2% to the Korean guys you
get let me get let me get it Paquito
I'll try it okay let's go I better just
taste test three in the two hot cheetos
i've seen a cocktail course to go and
then three Captain Crunch to go
and let's do-si-do - one hot cheeto in a
cone and then one what do you want to
get doesn't matter anyway
Oh Mary Captain Crunch a very Captain
Crunch in the whole club
all right so why is this place said why
do people even want to come here why
would I ever want to eat this well first
of all our heart and soul goes into this
product everything is handcrafted
I'm not be asking you by the way but we
are one of the only people out there
that make everything from scratch most
people do a water and a Potter which by
the way it's not bad like I still eat
that stuff but we take the extra time
you care to do it so that's that's the
main difference between us and we also
have very unique flavors in the sense of
life everything is made through a
nostalgia I grew up eating melon Mart
going up the trouble crispy rice is
basically that part rice that you get on
the bottom part of your rice and that's
the flavor of that with charcoal which
is very reminiscent for Detailers our
main chef he's get stomachaches the
material if grandma would give them
truffle water okay yeah yeah and then
hot cheetos we only you know on Mexican
dude we like to always ticket the next
level up and then taco misspelled hot
like cuz we don't on your suit hahaha a
lot if Hulk Cheetos holiday beer
whenever you're ready to go tell me yeah
I'm gonna make good okay well just do it
now so we have to take it pretty quick
cause let's make our first song is you
into jail yeah so that's basically what
it is Mike as you guys know I'm what the
fuck I began now I'm not even a big fan
of ice cream I don't like ice cream like
Bart is all about ice cream I'm all
about like maybe a sorbet or more yogurt
or more like fruit bars but I don't like
ice cream and I actually hate you I hate
you but I actually liked his fucking
icing I actually like it from I'm not
lying I like I put it on this child's
life right here I'm not lying
laugh at the basement come on nobody
knows about that Oh Willis tell this
story then but we are Hawaiian right and
we're out of pool and I'm looking at G
oh she's just chillin havin a good time
and there's like this mosquito going
around and you know when you're pregnant
you want to be very careful of your body
and you're very self aware she sees the
mosquito - nobody should go like a
little baby just chilling out a million
literally stalked the baby in the face
in my defense I didn't want that Nile
virus I didn't want that was another
shit that's happening in
in my florida there's this other part i
don't know some crazy shit out there I
don't want to kill this baby okay and if
you feel feel how hard my stomach is
feel it no poke at it it's okay
it's like a fuckin helmet you give us a
space like that whatever I'm a fit
mother okay besides I'm just really good
that's all I'm saying
it is really good didn't um I need you
to hold it and then I'm gonna take a
picture of you holding it with my hand
right yeah let me get the camera see
what is bad that's beautiful Wow I'm
pretty man you ate that really the holy
shit that's really Cheetos
where do you want it against anything
going against black and it come on I did
not think this all the way through right
behind you
there you go put it in the Senate
okay homies nothing awesome
got it cool all right so this is my
first case to the Hot Cheetos I got to
try it
this is fucking crazy I normally
wouldn't even pick this
salt
hmm down none actually fucking good I'm
surprised that I actually liked the shit
while I'm blogging right now
wow I'm just kidding who who are you
it's a delicious hi Kathy who are you
guys okay
hey what's up everyone can I take a
picture
okay let's do it I'll be right back I'm
going to go picture all right this was
Captain Crunch and I try this one
Hamilton let me see let me see let me go
damn there's so fucking bomb
it's so fucking bomb it tastes like the
milk after you've eaten the cereal
materials been like marinating in the
milk oh so long I'm not hey ice cream
this bomb is pretty good you could tell
me conference well in Koreatown ladies
bomb yeah back at the office and Bart
went out of his way to look for the only
cooler that we have and David brought
back the captain Qwark and then the hot
cheetos who ever want to try
so listen wonton we're trying to do what
we take an extreme snow
oh hey video oh shit taking the MIDI
although now this is cool how do you
guys like it I like it really look at
disgusting it's so good I know I was I
was so skeptical because I'm like hot
cheetos on ice cream I know that's what
I'm like no mine fucked right now how
does this taste still good but like hot
cheetos and ice cream what it tastes
like buttered popcorn in a way it's so
unique like I love it
I'm very happy about that
another one that's my favorite flavor
you tried it yet try it try a German or
out of a treats Oh is a berry one yes
yes very good
there's a original and I like the
original better yeah I think the
hydrogen overpowered my mouth i'ma try
the original one yet I tried that one no
there's like a subtle difference this
one I know that's all I hear from you
it's milky I granolas young younger and
a my mom I would ask you like hey mom is
it smell good should drink am I good
much like did you do do them what's so
funny boy you're waiting I pop it first
time turn to try it
turn turn yeah we always do which one's
right you first you know with a good way
to taste
well would you get like this right you
actually don't take the whole ice cream
you just sucking a dick like that you
just kind of comb over it how do you
know like a dick is like this is a
Captain Crunch
yeah very Catholic orange like a like a
dick mm-hmm ready dude that day the egg
drips and then we went to Malibu you're
farting so fucking much all of us
remember that yeah I had so much cry
thing I hated Hitler like three four
times that day yeah cuz I ate like three
tea and then I had the cold room Oh
extra so like I was shit like I'd like
six times you should a lot that day
mm-hm I like how you know his bowel
movement we're writing and I was at the
bathroom was right there so I kept going
to the bathroom like over and over and
over and I'm like are you taking to
share meat I'm like yeah it's like what
three four times all day and then it was
like it sprayed everywhere it is no dark
on yeah I know my voice when you're
shooting back
studies of lactose I think it's the cone
just kidding no you're come on put it
out there that you guys both are like so
I got it you know in the house
okay penguin shit that much no you
whatever did a lot yeah but that's I
just is something else it's not lactose
what oh shit I even get it come back
that's crazy
yeah so what you're getting right now is
that you get like a little heat kick
from the hot cheetos right yeah and then
you get that that's ready like nuttiness
from the Cheetos yeah he said then you
can get a cream cheese topping that's
not what does it taste like if it
doesn't taste like hot cheese it tastes
like hot cheetos but is the next level
for me to me nice Mia butter popcorn
with sugar mmm yeah some that look like
a savory it's to next month to me give
me that basics yeah it was just a berry
Cap'n Crunch was written with that basic
it's not basic and also fall welcome
there's another one another unit I eat
mine that was for everyone thank you for
bringing it Martha
I didn't bring it with all David as you
David he pays don't you put this on
camera no it's off its off this is the
definition of a man's own willpower what
the fuck did he find an ice chest guys
he knows I love you know anything in
this office exactly he didn't know where
anything else is but I was like listen I
can't bring the softer because gonna
melt he goes that's funny he has an ice
chest what the fuck was I didn't even
know he had this where did you find it
I'm trying to use motherfuckers no
that's a very determination how do you
notice what's around the office who's
been by the bathroom is hotel really
because that I use mentality anything is
possible if there was a nuclear
catastrophe and it's post-apocalyptic
there's only two things that will
survive cockroaches and trying to hurt
anything
those are the only things and in a
Chinese will survive off the cockroach
all over abortion and then we have no
more cockroaches because they found a
way to sell them to other Chinese people
animal and they eventually ate them all
the hecklers enjoy each other that
leapfrog these and soybeans I'm a mean
mugging bitch cuz I fish for me
Chico beat fuckin tell me I can't wait
to see a crazy team did you buy pain in
your test
oh god okay Oh up bring it
West Coast ten things I'll give a foot
I'll do a bum tip next to my thing I
miss jamming that was cool well I have
my guitar
oh yeah we just wrapped her to go eat
now
number one to number two over there
Tina bacteria to look for between number
one well as you can see we are now home
had a long beautiful day hanging out
with David for a little bit connecting
with him on one on one level meeting you
guys at drips and swirled I thought that
was really cool um wrapped up our JK
musician had some dinner finally took a
shower if they're really really good
like I was able to cleanse the day away
and now I'm ready to go to bed you ready
to go to bed
you look hella ready I'm very
comfortable I could tell by the way you
webbing your feet together thank you but
yeah you can see were clearly waiting
for a bedtime um and I'm super excited
about that so thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed my day see
you guys tomorrow
