meatloaf is always so excited in the
morning come here good boy come here
what do you do you tell your mom hi yeah
come here why are you so excited we've
just looked up hey boy hey boy
come here boy the Mama's calling you
tonight oh let's go boy what a big guy
why you're so excited
there's no plenty all those wrestling
files what do you want me lovely dinner
became very nice that is
this is so awesome a shirt that I bought
over a year ago
right before I went on my bulk I could
finally wear again this is actually the
first time I'm going to wear this shirt
up and I bought this over a year ago
actually actually fit all my clothes I'm
so happy so I got this shirt on but I
bought I think from Urban Outfitters
over a year and a half ago got my watch
on my wedding wing shoes that ma Barrett
bought me and then some jeans today I
have to look a little bit extra fly
because me and Joe were going to pop TV
and out of that entire first round of
talking to TV network spot TV actually
wants to work with us so we have a
meeting today and it's more of a
creative meeting to see if we can see
eye-to-eye because if they want to
dilute our brand me and Joe would rather
not be on TV so that's the goal of today
we're going to go meet with pop TV and
because of that it's going to be like in
Hollywood I have to look a little bit
extra fresh what do you think about that
mom bare potato I don't look good yeah
it was great it was really hot you
promise yeah I wish I was pregnant cuz
um oh oh shit was that Lola Lola woman I
can't I haven't worn denim in like so
long I haven't worn my regular clothes
AB so many pretty clothes are just
hanging in there collecting dust
so don't fit in anything that's what
happened to me I literally I literally
bought a ton of clothes right before I
balked
so I I did to you I actually have a ton
of clothes in the closet that I bought
right before i bulk and I couldn't wear
any of it so I'll just went in to you
yeah it was just two plans and I didn't
plan it out very well but now now I
think I look good look let me see from
your angle how's it look like
have to do the uh after looking into the
Sun eyes are like ears confuse that you
don't know is the world round or flat
she said dumb does it models you and
then they always have like buggers Sochi
really never thought about book
addresses and then their hands always
called anitha beast but it a thumbs are
high no it's like horny about the song
so it's vital it hey cutie very cute
alright the main question is why the
fuck are you wearing your fucking
outdoor shoes indoors especially in our
bedroom because we're clean
why you can have one night or the
society vision gotta play you've never
worn them outside I have to look that's
disgusting
everything look let's don't get a mirror
downstairs you dirty bastards cue the
music
star we just rubbing all the outdoor
fucking dust and shit and piss in our
bedroom get out you're Asian you should
know better
disgusting man I just feel extra fresh
today I feel clean I feel lean I can
finally fit in my clothes and I got my
car wash yesterday Pat ow
look at that everything is nice and
clean and glisten and look at that hood
oh man I hope the meetings go really
well today
I'm really excited because if it goes
well you just might see Jake a party on
TV me and Joe are at coffee bean right
now getting some
pre-meeting coffee we almost always
always get copied before meetings if it
could be more alert and so that people
were meeting with don't feel like we're
uninterested or we wake up we're like
super low energy and before like JK
partying shaky film usually drink a ton
of coffee to get bill amped up would be
great entertaining on camera but our
regular day we're kind of low energy so
this is pretty important for us to to
kind of put our best foot forward
well coffee did you get today regular
doctor even a black coffee
hey as a dying
all right thanks so much that's Roy
that's the guy we're selling the TV show
life he's always on the phone that he's
so busy talking fuck another pie all
over that guy whoever this guy before we
do these TV meetings we always have a
game plan meeting with Roy because he
kind of preps us for the way that the TV
networks work and also the type of
programming they're looking for so when
you're doing these things yes we have
our TV show that we want to pitch but
it's also important to kind of slowly
mold it into what the TV networks are
looking for so there's kind of like an
art form call these things for us we
just want to do fun shit but there's an
entire science behind how TV shows are
made which is why we have to team up
with people like Roy bill TV shows and
sell TV shows they know what they're
doing in the TV business
yeah you know I got like a toy who's
Joey Mac I think if I get with you
- oh you're gonna go in there Joe I
can't open it oh you can't but this is a
when I was in elementary school I think
there was a boy a boy band yeah first
started all the down old school but I
bring it back
what is this I don't know I think they
had a survey show already we're showing
there I think it's called oh yeah it's
often time
it isn't back on the far right Mark
Wahlberg's brother yes yeah Oh Roy was
Mark Wahlberg's brother and New Kids on
the Block yes Donald yeah how did you
know that I just saw his face on it that
guy look like Mark Wahlberg and I was
like I remember hearing that from
somewhere how did you think the meeting
went right excellent excellent excellent
you're ready to go up and do it yeah
we're going to tell the shell odd load
no green that just means you're going to
see the TV show of 2013
that's TV talk to take a long time to
get it it's so good that it's like where
does the movie dude movies take years if
it's a good one yeah we could shit one
out of three months yeah
after our meetings we always get so
hungry that we have to eat so we're a
little Tokyo about to get something to
eat
what are we going to eat Joe we're gonna
get some sushi
yeah my name is Domino hi this place
really cared about July 4th they're
going to be called two three four and
five so I can't be blogging in here so
I'm not going to be able to report all
the yummy stuff that let each I just
know it's going to be delicious this is
the place where I'm at Gamla sushi and I
got legit chefs here which is probably
why you don't want a blog even though
it's probably promote their business
yeah but then that work that sushi was
crazy bomb too bad I couldn't record any
of it my favorite one that I got there
was yellow tell so you all will tell is
usually one of the I guess standard
sushi that you get but it was so fatty
that it almost tasted like Toro is bomb
me and Joel pretty much just bonded and
complained about our girlfriends like
normal guys and we had a good time now
it's off to the office what are you
going to do rest of the day me I'm going
to go get a haircut and then after that
I have some phone meetings
super boring and then I'm going to be
going to karate oh I can't wait to join
you finally after my how to be me oh
yeah so what did you say when you first
saw my car okay I just saw and I was
like dude that birthed I was like no
maybe it's not but it is it is so you
already saw the vlog that were not about
the car yeah I saw it right away I get
notifications on my own and I that's all
so thank you for supporting that meeting
we had got me really really motivated
and excited I can't wait to put just
kidding party and just kidding news on
TV so on what we were able to
collaborate on and just to kind of give
you kind of like a a rough structure of
how the show would be it would open up
with more of a just kidding news format
with something topical and a discussion
and that will lead to us having to do
something JK partyish which means we'd
have to get tested so for example let's
say we do it new is about this new guy
that just jumped out of the airplane and
our usual discussion we would start
talking about like who's afraid of
heights or who
like to jump out of airplanes and David
always talks big is always like keeping
everything's possible then the middle
part would be just kidding party where
we put our words to the test and then
now all of us would have to jump out of
the airplane and skydive and you know
I'm afraid of heights
David's afraid of heights so that'd be
amazing to see us put our money where
our mouth is and then afterwards we go
back to the just kitty news roundtable
we discussed everything that happened so
that's kind of the very very rough
format but of course it'd make it really
juicy because it's for TV and it'd be
shot really well and we get a bigger
budget so we can do crazier stuff that
we can't do now
that's the general gist of it so I'm
really really excited to see what that
would look like because it's pretty much
everything we've been building
separately online but now we get to
combine all the forces into something
huge on TV just finished a meeting I'm
back at the office I made it back right
in time for some barbell or gate minks
so I'm gonna be jumping into that you
guys later it is now time for us to go
home and to finally relax at a super
long day
with the pop TV meeting and the barbell
meeting but we got really productive oh
no bring you just peeing on the floor
yeah by now we're walking our dogs back
to the car and uh ricki we don't have to
give her a leash because she's really
good meat loaf he'll run and bite
someone following yeah she doesn't
father stuff the pack go somewhere break
he just followed yeah so she doesn't
need a little leash fun to explore so
she does need a leash she's in a car but
she also gets scared so she like forgets
that were her owner to check off danger
she's please that's true and meatloaf is
attacking oh we have leashes on these
two and bringing it to explore but I'm
about to go home now we got a really
good day today so I'm a calls like a
vlog quick here and see you guys
tomorrow good bye
