Hey how's it going guys um actually
fucked up this morning I had to go to
the urgent care not if I did anything
wrong I promise
so it's urgent care is like a step below
oh yeah step below emergency room but
not because there was like an emergency
or anything super urgent but because I
don't have outside of my ob/gyn I don't
have a family doctor and if I did have a
family doctor you kinda have to make an
appointment to see them and I didn't
want to do any of that stuff so I went
to Urgent Care cuz his immediate care
and I went to talk about this cough that
I have that that night only like I don't
have any flu-like symptoms I don't have
anything other than a fucking dry cough
at night my throat gets really really
dry and don't say drink water because
duh um and I'm like what the fuck and I
have a cough attack it's the worst so um
I meant to take you Sarge berkos
disgusting I meant to take you guys with
me but in route I was like fuck I forgot
to bring my camera so I fucked up I'm so
sorry but all is good I wasn't given any
medication my doctor says I'm good I
don't have anything crazy she says I did
get sick but now I'm just kind of coming
off of it so it is unfortunate I have to
go through that she says because you're
pregnant I don't want to put your
antibiotics so you can take benadryl or
you can just wait it out so being as
Extreme as I am about just not having
any caffeine of course I wanted to take
a benadryl I'm just going to wait it out
and just get better because she says
Jenna need anything as I'm talking to
you
Brit he is judging the shit out of me
I know Bri I'm sorry I forgot to bring
the camera I fucked up
oh you're over my shit oh really oh damn
I got this from the Briggs but with all
that being said I am going to have lunch
now and today I ordered boo-boo sauce
it's a Salvadorian dish and it looks
like this it looks kind of like two
tortillas and in the middle there's like
they all have different stuffings so I
got this one with chorizo and
cheese I think this is a salsa and this
is like their version of think of it as
kimchi it's like vinegar it's probably
pickled so I took that back I fucked up
it's like vinegar I wanted moment is
with the cabbage and carrots and it's
really bomb
I'm not Salvadorian so I don't really
know I'm Mexican but I fucking love me
some good poopoo sauce so I got to TESOL
20 took home Kissel and then I got
another poopoo saw which is I think it's
just guess we pull you or maybe just
pull you and then the last one I got is
I think it's B stick oh no I think it's
called a wondeful
there's not like that and it's pork and
cheese so that's what I ordered and I am
rubbing away while watching the
Chappelle Chappelle's all most recent
stand up and this is like about the
fourth or fifth time I try to watch it
because every time I watch it is that
night because that's when I'm the freest
and I knocked the fuck out there's
something about his voice in this series
that's like really soothing for some
reason and I just pass out so I try to
watching it last night after I roughed
up the vlog with you guys and I just
within 10 minutes I was out so I'm gonna
tempt it right now and bring ease though
judging it's okay you're still very
beautiful I love you oh okay yes
let's go mode arena alright guys so I
caught shipment in the mail today and
I'm excited like y'all like some of this
is their top affairs Father's Day
present and I want to open it with you
what is not hot very present there's
actually some Korean shop tips that we
got well that I got I love the Korean
chopsticks and Bart was like how are we
an Asian household
he's obviously speaking by himself but
we are at any chopsticks no Mike we hold
that's true
so yeah that's not part of politics with
it can you see this one let's see
another getting problem not even for me
shit checking to be a package opener
wherever I go back yes okay so first
Papa bear's present our present number
one that came in from him
these are wanting is Wireless both type
phones and it's noise cancelling and you
can it's wireless you can pick a phone
call um I love taking mine and
definitely I love taking mine on any
sort of fare for ice if you just just
turning it on like I don't hear anything
um so it's giving the coolest I know Sam
you really have you updated okay got
anything for him ordering from Amazon
okay these two things in this box
I am looking Environmental Club in
metroburg okay I got a really long
chopsticks so that we can cook with them
you don't mess up our mash and then I
got the plain wood one so how about you
this was oh I thought this is all I know
is going to like this I saw this and
because I have so much confidence in my
pop-up right oh yeah I feel like you can
rock anything that God makes been really
cool she
it was really form a picture I hope he
likes not a camera's return it stop keep
the bags just in case but I got in these
new balances um he's all about very um
very slept on colorways now that is
really cool it looks like it's marble
your knees in your office marble here
it's like midnight navy and then it's
neon and I thought these are crepe stick
I don't know I feel like he can welcome
but we'll see his reaction because I
don't know okay
surprise number two football pause what
else today in them was it ever be I
don't remember no there's one more
present from somewhere else
that's o'clock home today it is
something from you know I got a backpack
engine whining a backpack
I don't know right on this North is Old
North Bay they're late what's now this
money not pop wow what the hell did what
the hell oh okay so Paul beare wanted
like a little patient so that he can put
as well as your ire and shit and not you
have to put it in an hour
I got a Miss and you get Kangas to the
blow-dryer oh boy laughs is where
everything is little heart desires but
you know I can't stop for people without
shopping for my cell so of course the
turban outfit o'clock is all my stuff
I wear just any drinking Christmas time
and literally the word holy shit-fuck
exactly this big all right well I guess
I got a purse number two which is fine
but I've been in this like transparent
phase lately where I liked all the
Caesar stuff so I got like this fanny
pack that's not really a fanny pack it's
more like Patti put it off your chest
it's really huge I guess it's all like
mixed so obviously I would adjust it um
take this off and when you can got
something it's really fucking massive
like so cool to get an idea of what I
felt and I like the track pants I hate
thank you for my first so I won't care
you be valuable because then the whole
world gets to see imagine I didn't put
like really expensive shit in here or
like my credit card showing off I was
liking all my fucking blog again but
yeah the transparent August day would
not wear it maybe it fits right now with
my target us Billy but no I wouldn't
wear it like that I probably wear it
more as a sleeve than anything else
yeah the public board like this you know
and I only have a limited amount of time
before the baby comes for me to even
enjoy this because I'll Paul will be
carrying a a diaper sector as acrobats
ranging on my god
awesome it's like a carabiner with a
piece of string because when I put my
keys in my purse the hardest shit to
find so if I have a string attached to
it it so like I can locate it much
quicker instead of digging forever
it's something I'm making any excuse
just to spend money but no I swear it
was well thought up never liked the
carabiner part of it I like taking my
keys in and out so just practical stuff
and then this bag was supposed to be for
my all the bullshit that's flowing
around in my purse right now my oho
knickknacks that I carry oh I like it
it's so much glitter oh oh girl oh and
it's see-through - I'm telling you a
minute eat your food right now you see
through look at how cute this little bag
is that's so funny I have - okay
everything's for poorer for Father's Day
neither they're kind of weird because
you're like technically he's not a good
but it's like um technically he is it ed
because um this child is a fucking human
being
Oh technically he's a father okay slap
Singh that came to get ignore these
because this supplement the bar this is
just a printer that I bought a while
back this one I'm excited to see cuz it
looked really cute
online so I hope it's just you today but
yeah it's just as cute if not cuter oh
my god okay Wow
like it says so it's a leather backpack
in a pastel lavender pink I can't tell
the sliding is really messing it up but
I think it's like oh it's up its mom
that's the name of the color little
prettiest color is and the better part
is it's not even real leather faux
leather as it is I fucking consume me
I'm such a big hypocrite but I tried to
steer clear of you know fucking with
animals much Chihuahua I love it I love
it I love it it has the laptop case that
I need so I was carrying a purse and I'm
over the purse I'm going to do this as
it with this but I've beaten Bao Zhi Bao
I'm so excited it's cuter than I thought
so quality is much better than expected
it was only like 40 bucks Urban
Outfitters um not a sponsor toast none
of this was sponsored this is just all
my personal life so yeah I hope popper
like the few presents I bought him but I
love my president even I was able to get
presence but yes that was my little
unboxing for you guys now it's time to
the not so fun part breaking down to
Boston zone with its trash whatever is
going doesn't have to go to the store to
pick it up so follow me oh my god guys
I'm so stupid so I recorded this really
cool of course I'm gonna say really cool
I recorded me finally receiving pub
bears backpacks that I didn't think we
were going to come in today I recorded
it I talked about it I compared I was so
much dialogue and I forgot to turn on
the fucking mic so this is literally
what you heard it was literally nothing
on there there was no audio it was just
all image so let me do it all up over
here again
alright hold up let me set up
my tripod here so I don't have to hold
it and you guys aren't getting sick from
all the shakiness hold on let me fix
this a little bit give me
oh shit I think that's a little bit
better all right okay I'm going to redo
it again because I fucked up really
really hard but what I did say is right
after I did all those package opening
thingies I probably walked away for like
a few minutes the doorbell or someone
knocks on the door and then I get
another package and this is what was
inside that package all right pretend
like I've never done this before okay so
these are the backpacks I got papa bear
they're both North Face you've got
something similar to this but it's in
black and it's Nike and I think we
bought it back and tie with when we were
in Taiwan it's just falling apart music
new backpack um I got two of them just
because I'm not sure what color he'd
like but my personal favorite is this
one I think this color is really sick
it's like a brown green like a military
olive green I don't know it's really
cool but the interior it's really cool
to look at that color scheme
just pop so um I got this as a save
color just because I know he likes
really clean colors um look at this
interior top love these colors um so
this is like the backup and the one I
feel like it's fail-proof so I really
liked about this backpack by the way
this is not sponsored by North Dade if
you've been following this you just know
that we're big North Jason's um I
actually wanted this one to myself but
it's a guy size will took a lot bigger
for my backpack I'm eating for my back
so I just decided to opt out and get the
girly one that I showed you guys earlier
today but what I really liked about this
backpack
ha bear lives out of his backpack like
he has all his work stuff
he has clothes and he'll put in there if
we're having like a shoot day or he's
going to film something for barbell or
JK party or JK films or news so he'll
put it bluntly put everything in his
backpack so I wanted something that had
a bunch of compar compartments for him
and I saw this and I thought was really
really cool because it's super easy to
get into so it opens from the side it
already has a pocket on the side in mesh
one and it has pockets as gear with a
fleece lining so that was really really
cool and then he could put his laptop in
here it says it's big enough for a
15-inch but you'd only got a 13 which is
perfect also has the police climbing the
gray they're a bunch of our compartments
here I don't know what this is for to be
honest and now it has a cell phone to
pick up but you see where the dude is it
like push it up for you or something
oh do that yeah I'll show you on this
side because it has the same compartment
I didn't feel like the smaller up phone
but if it does it here okay that didn't
work I think it's for this one cuz my
phone expanding I have a 7 class but you
see it we fit it up butyl that's fucking
cool a little pocket here for pens and
pencils I'm assuming for like smaller
phone just oh um and then it has a size
boys up on it but it's also a pocket
before you close it
oh yeah here is nope thank you for
another good Oh what huh huh I look so
lost
there's not one okay there's this zipper
for the bigger compartment which is
honest so I just think it's huge oh my
goodness
you know this space I could put a
newborn baby in there okay bye joke but
yeah and it's
that's padding for his back has another
pocket here there's more bullshit on us
to put in here hold on tight close this
side
yeah the strap you love these straps
look at this back support even lumbar
support look at that yeah I think that's
it the only thing else you can carry it
on the side for whatever reason Oh on
both sides oh wait nope nevermind I'm
making shit up
yeah it expands down here too so it's
pretty wide it to me too um but yeah the
only drawback that I saw the first time
I was reviewing this is poplar likes to
pledge his strength on the side oh
here's another compartment for a little
secret secret but he likes to take his
drinks with him and don't there's no
drink compartment just missing here well
there's another Ridge that the same oh
it has two little secret compartments
cool yeah so that was kind of the only
thing I saw that popper was looking for
in a previous backpack
let's reflective yeah so that's the safe
one so this is essentially the same
configuration as the other backpack I
just showed you
oh I think this is a little bit more
narrow or actually this not only has one
little piping for your phone oh yeah
this one's a bit smaller how big is this
one for most of the 15 inches oh okay so
I'll have the same compartments here
side pockets but the difference with
this one is the color is much cooler and
it does have the train compartment on
the side so I think if he's smart he'll
go for this one
but who knows he surprises me all the
time I feel like
is smaller yeah it's not as wide as a
great one so we'll see which one he
opted for but yeah this is the back that
I love this color but I don't love it as
much as my pink one yes but thinking of
the pink one I'm such a fucking noob
like I immediately went ahead and I put
all my like to go essentials in here so
I have tissue my prenatal vitamins that
I have to take daily my wallet ten
chapstick my keys with that that little
poor thing I showed you
yeah so I'm ready to rock and roll oh
and hand cream here with your eye cream
and then I even such a loser I even put
my laptop in here so that I can see
everything
look this is bad as well carry like this
is where I carry my pencils my charger
on any like miscellaneous things that I
need for the day to day work and then
inside here I already have my laptop and
then I have my makeup bag you see the
pink have my god struggling over here I
have my headphones which are the same
ones that I got papa he's not a big fan
of black so he's going to copy me and he
got he wanted these I got him these
these are mine and I've had these for
like maybe six months knows them but I
love them but carry the other um I have
my moleskin journal and then I have my
makeup bag which I'm in love with this
little like makeup bag it's for brushes
and then I have my actual makeup and
here I've been in like this pink phase
lately um and for all of you guys like
already reading too much into it don't
and right now I'm loving pink not for
the steak with my Apple watch's pink my
phone is pink all my makeup stuff is
being my backside pink I like to like a
pastel pink is what I've noticed um but
don't start reading into be like oh my
god everything's pink because she
a girl no calmer tips just like the
color pink but yes Papa comes back
tomorrow
so I'll see what which backpack you can
ought to get if I know him I know he'll
want to be Stevie but he'll want this
one but if I don't know him which I do
tell him but if he doesn't want to be a
CD and he wants it to be clean social
for this one which is a lot bigger now
that I look at it so why
so we'll see what he goes for but I
think I think I know the answer it's
going to be the green one but we'll see
I'll be back tomorrow so I'll make sure
to capture that moment because uh it'll
be fun so yeah I hope the audio recorded
this time yeah no no no is it
