morning guys today is pretty much our
last full day tomorrow we have to check
out by 11:00 and we've been working
really really hard on this movie almost
every night we've been watching a movie
right before we go to sleep to kind of
study some story structure I'm not able
to tell you which movies we've been
watching because I don't want you guys
to get influenced but we're taking bits
and pieces of certain movies that we
like and the quality is about the number
we like structurally not actually
content or joke or whatever wise but
structurally in terms of my holiday
format the movie and when we first got
here we only had that top row kind of
like sparsely filled out which is our
act one but now we have act two
completely built out which is that
entire little portion and most of our
notes are actually in a computer so per
car is per scene and per scene on our
computer we have a full page written out
and we're still I'm getting pretty tired
these days is because it's like I'm
going to write for like seven eight
hours at a time in a kind of saucer
brain but oh man
I love coming out here I really feel
like I got a retire at a beach or
something you know why when I come to a
place like this like I'm not someone
that really cares about like the faller
stuff you know like I dress pretty like
chill I just have a tank top and shorts
and stuff yeah I like nice cars a nice
watch that's about it I don't have nice
and everything but when I come to a
place like this I might do I need to be
ballin so I can do stuff like this on
the regular I'm the only one awake right
now
because I think Casey and Joe are still
sleeping so I get to kind of wander
around before we start the day what man
just coming out here is just so what in
the world those are some real blood this
don't fucking birth
there's little bugs everywhere
we're coming out is hella peaceful
I will miss this place one thing that I
wish that I'm that I did which I will do
is this place is so romantic and
peaceful that I want to book a day out
here with this mean injeel or maybe like
a couple of days or a weekend or
something just so we can relax to kind
of enjoy this it's been really fun every
single day we write and then we go work
out with on a pretty cool trimmer here
and then we also cook and make food but
it's been a really fun experience and
it's kind of sad and nostalgic that it's
going to be our last date today that's
full day but on the other hand I'm also
really missing my house and I really
miss Martha after dinner and like five
days out so I can't wait to go home
today's goal is to not go on and eat we
were really productive yesterday because
we made everything in-house and today's
goal is to finish all the leftovers that
we have in the fridge we've been doing a
really good job of being creative and
figuring out what to do so from the
first night we had this chicken leftover
so we chopped that up and then uh I had
made some bok choy that was leftover I
chopped that up and made it a fried rice
out of it and today we have skewers and
trim from last night probably make fried
rice out of that just chop off all this
meat and we have some zucchini asparagus
probably all chocolate got a whole big
bucket of rice right there and then just
stir fry without a little bit of sesame
oil some pepper parts are not pretty
good and we also have some leftover
tortillas and we have two exist in the
bok choy the other night right here so
I'll probably make some pickles
put in here to start thawing it out the
fritter yes that's nice veggie operation
make some fish tacos we still got some
ham and forgot some eggs
hopefully Casey could make another
omelet you kill it at the omelet
yesterday I got me well omelet oh yeah
awesome and then Joe killed it at the
oatmeal I'm gonna hack movies down and
make some oatmeal
he made the oatmeal like so soft it
tasted like porridge hey Johnny down to
make oatmeal yeah we got blueberry gotta
finish these juices so that'll be both
the goal for today dude I've wiped down
that table over there there's a fuck
kind of slide I don't know why you keep
coming in flies out the window in the
patio door so we had a crazy fly
infestation last night I don't know why
I think we left the door open and they
just started flying in like crazy but I
smooth it fine they would die so we
always baby slide off you can tell but
they were just flying this died on here
oh they're so weird
we're right here on the window holy shit
all that that is crazy
Lou that's a lot of little fly generally
just dieter the Llano condition second
they get caught in it they die while
Casey is washing the dishes I'm going to
help him prep this world-famous omelet
so the instructions I got was to cut
this ham into little cubes just like
these little potato myths that we got
and then do you want me to be to eight
or no and how many eggs to do i crack so
well
exactly Cooper omelette god I crack it
had to go okay free chocolate so make it
two threefold three three small holes
and put you leg in each one and mix that
up okay so two per armlet pick this up
right now just cube these bad boys up
now I'm going to move on to making the
fried rice because you have a new game
plan we're going to eat fried rice with
this chicken rice I cut up some of the
other asparagus and that's going to be
for lunch along with Joe sabores which
is making right now because the ball is
instead of waiting so we're hungry get
food which always messes up your
decision we revised end up going to Taco
Bell McDonald's all we're trying to prep
early so we already have the food made
and all we have to do is heat it up so
we don't have to leave and we keep our
creative session going
yesterday's creative session was really
good it went for like six hours straight
and we got a lot done moving these guys
over for so let's use the cutting board
and in case you can have that ham to
make it a little famous public awesome
teamwork makes the dream work
you finish the fried rice so this is
already nice and done they'll be ready
for lunch whenever we get hungry we
don't have to go out to eat we just warm
it up in a minute and boom get right
back to writing Joe killed it with his
famous oatmeal that tastes like Reagan
Porsche is so soft and then kg is
finalizing the last couple of omelet mmm
we also got a bunch of fruits like
bananas we got bananas apricot lemon
probably can't eat this this is what
seasoning unless you're crazy or too
this might be difficult
but yeah so we pretty much got all this
we're going to clean this up right here
BAM get to writing this is how I like to
hook up my oatmeal as now open right
here get some blueberries blueberries
are very flavorful and they're not high
in sugar so a lot of people like to use
it if you're on like a low sugar calorie
have a diet of flavor add a couple in
there to get some of that blueness and
then I go a little bit of honey all
using ingredients that we bought
alright resourceful hmm and then I just
mix it up look at this beautiful
breakfast got a omelette got my own meal
got coffee
we got the super bomb sauce that we
found at bonds called hatch Valley flame
roasted green chili this sauce is the
closest thing that I've ever tasted to
any of Gio's parents salsa and they kill
it on their self they spend a lot of
time under salt actually I think it's
like a whole day process because they
got roasted chilies roll Tomatoes
specific chili specific tomatoes and
they spend a lot of time which is why
it's so good but breakfast is served
lunch is also ready for making good time
today what I need again yes I need to
get some pork
one two three five three spoons that I
was going to get oatmeal those children
oh yeah oh yeah yeah yellow right yeah
everyone gets us too
well
and last but not least open up this
beautiful window for some awesome
Seabreeze
now it's time to write the Sun finally
came out so we decided that we're going
to start writing out here we've got our
notes and our laptops out here I think
Joe is exploring and enjoying the
wonderful beach it is very beautiful but
we do have a no vlogging rule during
writing so we could really stay focused
I got to turn the camera off now but now
this is really nice once the Sun comes
up look at that case this is why are you
taking a picture of that board because
it is a very monumental moment for us
because we've never gotten this far in
the writing process for any of our movie
ideas and this is this is like we have a
finished idea like this is a completed
idea literally like the next step is the
script yeah I mean we might go back in a
couple more passes to throwing a little
more details but it's done this is
amazing yeah one of those moments you've
like we've been working so hard bored
and yet too and we were struggling for
three years and get to that point yeah
and now it's here feels amazing it is
amazing so what we have in front of us
with just that alone if someone wanted
to give us a budget right now we can
literally go buy the outfit and find a
location and we can shoot a full movie
like the whole story is complete but of
course that's not what we're going to do
we're going to script it out and do
things the right way
fill in all the details in the holes but
the important is the important thing is
that the story and the movie concept is
complete now we just have to put it in a
presentable form so that we can pitch it
to studios and stuff and put in a script
but man we did it now we have to shoot
the actual movie that's the that's the
next one nectar oh yeah Oh Hank I don't
like you guys kind of a dialogue oh yeah
not like skip though you're not like
writing for jokes now it's like it's
joke and like legitimate story and drama
and a whole bunch of stuff we never
asked and right before all the good
stuff yeah it's like a it's like it's
irrelevant on me whatever director yeah
cage right now like we were bosses
before you don't have to focus on one
thing yeah how's everything yeah
so waves are going crazy right now
holy shit the waves are crashing all the
way below our building that's how big it
is watch the generates are huge
oh it even crashed all the way up here
that's why it's all wet this is freaking
nuts maybe maybe the waves and the beach
are celebrating with us maybe they're
like yeah Jake ate them finish their
story so now the beach is celebrating
with us I'm gonna go down here and see
but Dan this is brick oh shit of it is
wet oh damn this is the mud oh there's a
rocket even throws rocks up here holy
shit there Oh another walk it through
holy guacamole
this is so crazy
oh shit do you see that oh fuck I got
water on the camera Anna what I'm going
back up holy shit oh fuck
dan the fucking cameras gonna break oh
look it's not even my camera boy David
camera and also my underwears wet
the waves are crazy right now watch look
at this way it's gonna slam into the
house
crazy it drags all the rock down here it
this is bigger crazy crazy wave
now it's time for us to take a little
rider's break we're going to go work out
and even my workouts these days I've
been gearing it towards more martial
arts preparation so I've been doing this
workout where I pretty much jump rope
for a minute and then I shadowbox
both eastern and western martial arts so
I do boxing Muay Thai and then I also
feel like honey cool forms and I go back
to jump roping so that I could loosen up
my hips be bouncy and I just hold my
body to be more athletically capable so
that when the time comes for me to have
to do martial arts and hint for a movie
I'll be ready to do it now it look like
I've been doing it for years this is the
clearest I've seen PCH in a while
look at that Wow usually there's like
hella traffic
but this is that
you guys at the gym got back home from
the gym time to heat up some food we are
all starving the fried rice I made
earlier no one ate because we were
eating josub or light and that was bomb
right so now we got to heat this up
which is consum mm a goal for today I
need to eat my own fried rice so here's
our boy
yeah house full that's why I freaking
knocked out dude I like my good story
you guys in here he's this guy up to tow
that habaneros oh he's so good I forgot
to put it up morning but it's cured ham
is cured right yeah we start in there I
get fucking totem that
mix this guy up a little bit
the Great Wall and throw some more dry
not potatoes in there I love it just
into the needle won't work so let's mix
this up all over it see the fire going
the next thing we're going to make is
probably fish tacos what we're trying to
do is clean out this entire fridge so
whatever we can we'll clean it out so
that you don't waste any food and we're
just going to repurpose everything so we
got a pizzelles
I'll keep this guy up we got some fish
cut these guys up into the box though
these guys up then they got lemon still
there
lemon appease indentify how are you
going to heat up the kebapi things
microwave microwave really all those it
at the class anyway of being a food okay
microwave that night all right
really what do you think whatever you
want
butter steal it get a better awesome
fall off yeah okay yeah we i'm new cases
mention run so they're all so easy we
all like to cook I was like microwave
that's when you have like a cut of meat
or something that you don't really care
about those guys like they're like bomb
and that'd be a waste to throw kebab in
the microwave so season that there's so
far I just freaked out
a little bit of taking this sauce this
sauce pepper sauce pepper head to do it
in here the lemon in there trying to
keep that Mexican flavor and then I now
got a dual set up I'm a local butter
here it's all the fish in here and then
I eat up the tortillas on the white
Maltings of all obviously looking for
Peter well you got going on case butter
and heat on the cause butter and heat on
the shrimp and the cluttering heat up so
simple I think the goal is to kill all
the food by tonight and it probably will
go everything that's been tasting
awesome this entire trip and I'm really
really happy where they seemed of you're
perfect in food here yes and that's all
it sent repurposing foods if you can't
finish it the first time yeah is the
tasting bomb though that is it bombed
the first on the run of the review
purposes also Bob here's the work in
progress I got the fish on the skillet
with some butter action heating up the
tortilla
Fifi's onto the veggie we have the rice
already done everything's being in
heated over here not heat it everything
is being warmed up and Joe is
researching the move we're going to wash
tonight this is our last night so we're
to compress everything together movie
studies and there and oh wow this dings
sizzling
so far it's been a really really great
trip and we're going to end tonight with
an awesome bang dinner is motherfucking
served holy guacamole thanks for cooking
guy who got the fly lied we got the
veggies meat fish tacos BAM life has
been really good this trip all I need is
to top it off with some good old whiskey
and I got whiskey in the fridge well
let's go funny yep
whiskey on the motherfucking rocks hell
yeah 90 calorie whiskey right here
guilty that's it guys
we're going to enjoy ourselves watch a
movie enjoy the last night here see you
guys back in the lake
