we got a monster they got a monster in
here
get them fine get the monster I was
trying to act when you carry it but this
debate is pretty damn heavy
Oh what the hell
can we get Ricky get out of it
hey don't care I'm in the middle of
trying to make the bed and all I wanted
to do we just throw it out bringing to
be cute and fun stole the show
what the hell fun hey get out of that
wrap it stuff it fun
okay ready to be ready to be ready three
really great move fun come here bring it
I think the duvet might be a little too
heavy for hey cut it out fun
you're killing what I wanted a hard fun
good girl come in Ricky fun you're smart
Nemo
okay I'm gonna make the bed now come on
come on come here hey stop it stop come
here
Ricky come here fun okay eight steps
ssso quicker okay go by the way all
right I'm going to make the bed now well
they go fuck around some more
see thanks for leaving
alright so the tradition continues where
Bart has his own blanket and I have my
own blanket so this is Bart down here
and it's a lot thinner than mine I know
you can't tell the difference but mine
is super freakin heavy it's a it's a
BOSU vase but mine is just made for more
extreme weather because I get cooled so
fast and I got these duvet covers
they're like this um think of like the
jersey material like baseball jersey um
no not baseball like a cotton a Raglan
tee that you've had for like years and
it gets really really soft with the
cognates really really soft this is what
this debate feels like and Bart have the
exact same one just in a different color
this bars here um and the stains came
like is part of the design by the way
it's not I'm not dirty I promise and
it's so freakin soft like I found these
on Urban Outfitters and dude this is
like the best feeling material to your
favorite t-shirt on you feels really
really good
but it's the fucking lumpy is bed I have
ever had
they're still fucking a little over but
yes the lumpy is bet I haven't ever had
but right now I'm like fuck it I do not
care to this material in the duvet feels
amazing look so does it but yeah the bed
situation never got better because we
have two different ones and Bart boxes
we have color and sheep he liked it but
I had a seam in my mind they just didn't
fit the same but he wanted it so he got
it so let's our current bed situation
but eventually I want to put stuff up
here when I put stuff in that corner my
vanity will be here which has already
arrived and has arrived
um I just need to assemble it and one
out of four boxes that came with it was
completely damaged so I just have to
wait for that box to come back um
I think I'm going to put a bench here
and eventually I will fold that oh yeah
pinch here and just hang a bunch of
stuff up I want to get like a little
wall seeing for Bart to organize his
stuff there I don't think I spent enough
time in this room besides sleeping that
I don't think about decorating as much
as I do the living room because that's
when I see the most in every good the
most haunted room anything but yeah so
look that started with Monday I feel
your Meat Loaf's get out of here
oh fuck he left I don't know where he's
going but you gone all right so we all
fish I did bring Papa bear's car because
he look at that
because he's using the truck because we
needed to take some stuffs with him like
a dry erase board or something so he's
like if you want to drive it I say you
do and I'm like maybe I will and of
course I'm gonna drive it it's a fucking
beast it is awesome I fucking love it
but I'm a little bit scared because it's
not my car my car and I do like
respecting other people's subsite never
wanted like crapshooters scratch it or
dirty it or do anything to it so I
wanted to enjoy his little toy
that's an awesome toy but yeah I'm about
to jump in a meeting go to Bombay ale
and I got my little snack bag right here
which is really awesome what the hell is
that
yeah so I'm going to the TV now ah
alright I know I saw them I jumped into
a meeting but I got to share how
ridiculous I am as if you guys already
didn't know but I brought my second
Albertsons snack bag and in there I made
me some oatmeal with strawberries and a
little bit of honey I'm the fucking
worse I brought him a little doughnut
because sometimes they crave them about
decide to like two weeks okay so I'm not
that bad and then I got some granola and
dried fruit but I can't wait to eat and
then I have leftovers in here from an
Italian restaurant the cobbler and I
went to you on Saturday and um it's like
pasta with chicken
and like a salad with chicken not eating
the cell were chasing because I saw my
papa bears and I just don't want salad
fuck I'm fucking and the worst I'm going
to eat the salad I'll eat the fucking
salad and pasta for us I'm going to be
complicated cuz I'm not eating enough
fucking eventually fine
I'll listen to you guys okay now min ago
alright that was a quick little
time-lapse of my boring ass feeding
which was not boring but it looked very
boring so we don't get to do anything
but now I get to go home okay so after
all that traffic which wasn't too bad
actually it was like at the beginning of
when it guy starts getting really really
bad and I immediately have to come and
set my pop-ups out and let them get some
Sun they've been indoors so as I'm come
out here stretch their legs get some I
don't even know if dogs get vitamin D
but let them get doggy vitamin D which I
feel like they love because they have so
much shade over here but they want to be
in this one so I think they really
really need it so um I'm glad that
they're getting it now but yeah work
doesn't end for me I'm going to continue
working I'm in the backyard and here's
that pasta I was talking to you about my
leftover pasta that I'm going to eat and
then I have my workstation ready to go
with my little work snacks and my phone
next to me and I'll probably be doing
this for the next hour or two I'll
probably out here just working getting
more stuff squared away but yeah still
missing Nepal bear I'm excited to see
what his day was like I don't really get
to talk to him too much since he's so
invested in just writing and being
creative we're not like constantly
texting because then that would kind of
defeat the whole purpose as to why he's
on the retreat so he needs to just
unplug get away not worry about anything
stay creative and continue writing that
JK films movie which is I'm so excited
to see because I've heard the concept
already oh and I love it
of course it's JK film style where it's
very comedic very now very insightful
and very teaching the things in a bad
way so yeah I may get some work done
all right so I finished um homework for
homework wrap I finished doing some work
for now and I think it's time for me to
organize this room because we've been
living here for maybe like four or five
months now I think um and I've yet to
unpack or do anything to this room and I
need to be here because I need to start
setting up the baby stuff um Nita find
an area to put clothes like everything
is everywhere like I was going to make
this an office space
damn this thing feels good holy crap
this is soft you know it's funny
whoa that's my fucking camera angle is
funny like this ha but you know what's
funny I never intended to buy this
carpet for the baby it's not ridiculous
like this carpet was supposed to be for
me and then I couldn't find an area
where I wanted to put it just yet and
then I just left it here for now now
that I have it here it's so far I think
I'm gonna leave it here
okay I'm born baby you can keep it you
win this round you win this rum but yeah
I just have a bunch of bullshit I got
you ah I do have a crazy limit at the
sort and look through look at how many
of these camera that I have it's the
exact same model so that's two that's
not it that's two there right and
there's one more here look at that
can you get who breaks all of them all
the time I'll give you one guess and his
name rhymes with fart okay well I'll
check in with you guys in a bit when I
find something interesting but this what
I'll be doing for now it's not a lot
it's not a big deal look it's really
quite a turn get it done in a couple
hours
but yeah I can you know figure this shit
out I'm gonna do it
good have you guys ever Wow excuse you
have you guys ever seen any classes just
ease up oh ah shit
I bought these on a whim and I'm so
happy that I did well a couple of things
happen and one really really bad thing
happened first good thing is a I
couldn't find these glasses I moved and
then once I move that couldn't find them
anymore and I realized fuckin meatloaf
get all of this fucker so a good news
another good news is I couldn't find her
spare keys for my car and Papas Porsche
but I found it that's awesome but the
bad news is I just made a fucking
disaster in this room it is really bad
it's really very bad it's pretty bad ah
I think what's just going to happen now
is I turn off the phone and we just
pretend it never happened
oh yeah and I took a shower because I
was just so overwhelming like oh those
little dirty and it's not even that bad
it's just a bunch of little knickknacks
it is okay we're just going to pretend
like none of this ever happen to you I'm
gonna just close the door look at that
and like that just walk away the mess
isn't exist
okay think I'm going to relax now I
think I'm just going to badge out on the
couch because that room is a fucking
disaster I don't think about it I don't
wanna think about it when I think about
it you wanna think about it
I don't see why do you want think when
it I don't think about it do you want to
do it you want think of it do I think
about it you want to think of it now you
want to relax let's relax let's relax
you're like women shit I forgot to show
you guys what I was eating
cuz I was just so hungry but basically
it got Indian food and that's kind of
what's left over
Oh God that meant and then go laughs it
was so good look at that I could tell
you kind of way but I don't remember the
names so just know that it was chicken
of some sort and as I'm doing that I'm
watching they're getting Sarah Marshall
I think oh and it's a much Matt I'm
looking for baby decor does it's time
that I do my baby decor so yeah trying
to look for wallpaper so I'm trying to
get some ideas because there's like
about two months left before this baby
is here and good news I have a baby
shower that I will be having I have a
baby shower again they will be throwing
a baby shower for me in the next couple
of weeks and that's also going to be
when I do the gender reveal finally I
know I just took so long I just I'm just
busy guys I'm sorry I hate that I kept
you guys waiting but wait no more fara
wait a couple of weeks
oh and and you'll be all-knowing but
yeah the pressures on I gotta fix this
child's room that you guys saw it
who's fuckin horrible so I got to figure
it out
thanks guys when I hear something super
CUNY ever since I got pregnant this has
been pretty the whole time with me she's
always next to me all the time she was
really never like this um she was always
just kind of on her own program she was
super cute very loving very sweet but
she was never protective over me like
this like she literally sleeps next to
me all the time look at her she's so
cute
okay well to his Paulo that kind um I
don't really time but uh yesterday
today's Tuesday
no Monday at all I have two more days to
go he comes back one day at some point
but I miss him very much and I talk to
him a little bit today not too much
because he's pretty busy but um yeah I
hope you said a good time I don't know
who can't wait I swear I say this every
time but I can't wait to see his vlogs
just to see his perspective imagine he
just miserable
he can't even write no but yeah I can't
wait to see his his point of view of
being away for so long we haven't been
apart like this for this many days and I
think ever I think this is the longest
we've been apart
that's fucking cute but yes he'll be
back soon
oh and last night I was talking about
how I was having belly cramps but no
today I'm fine everything's good I don't
know what that was it's like the
weirdest stuff is happening in my body
so I just kind of go with the flow if it
doesn't feel like contractions then
guess up I'm good to go
yeah other than that thank you guys so
much for spending another day with me my
crazy little day maybe tomorrow tackle
that room oh I think tomorrow getting
poplars late Father's Day present so I
can't wait to show that with you guys
but yeah then guys so much for watching
see you guys tomorrow
