good morning so holy shit
I got a bankful over here holy crap
what's every morning anyway um I was
really hungry for some milk so I just
got back from Albertsons it's right by
our house and I always do this I only
needed milk right so I got my milk and
I'm one of those shoppers and he's
shopping because I buy multiples so that
I don't have to go as often I got my
milk this is my favorite actually I like
organic I don't care about the brand I
just want it to be organic and then
fat-free not the biggest fan of the
taste of milk so the more watered-down
that it can be the more I like it but
then I did that right and I was proud of
myself because as soon as I got there I
went to the pastry section I'm the worst
dude and I've lost chocolate chip
cookies even though I don't really like
chocolate you don't have that much
chocolate there's barely any chocolate
in there but they're really really
really really soft and then I go baby
spinach which it was it on my buying
list but somehow it got there because
I'm like oh I want to make a sandwich
later and then I got granola because I
mean granola it's bomb and then I ended
up getting where are these danishes why
why did I do that
and then I was like oh I get hungry
later and then I got strawberry hon I
always liked strawberries in my oatmeal
or just in general men because I'm
Mexican I got some Mongols and I've had
Filipino mangoes and these Mungo's are
the ones I grew up on and now I'm like
biased with the Filipino my clothes are
bomb so they're so good and then I
a more reason bread because I'm running
low on it and then I got my parry air
Leah orange drink and mind you I wasn't
on the market for any of this shit I
didn't need any of this I didn't want
any of this it wasn't on my agenda
wasn't I'm like to do with it on my I
need to get it it was just milk I do
this shit all the time I need a I need
correct myself I got a fucking problem
but it's all that being said then I'm
glad I got it because now I have little
snacks throughout the day but yes they
will be a Sunday I'm going to spend it
with Tiffany and Christina around noon I
looked at my wrist thinking your head a
watch on but at noon at one I'm going to
go over to Christina's question we're
gonna go swim and I'm so excited because
I love swimming that's one of my
favorite things to do right now so yes I
can't wait alright just getting a little
bit of work done but now I think it's
time to spend some outdoor time with
these babes because they love being
indoors way too much and I think it's
time that they go outside for a little
bit and we just hang out before I visit
the friends I need some of my sore baby
time bye babies first things first they
gots to pee
I don't get it Ricky when we go to the
dog beach you run for the shade like you
go to strangers in their tent or
umbrellas and put yourself in shade why
all of a sudden whatever dude get your
tent on white girl a white girl but hit
your tent on base girl and fun I don't
know what you're doing okay
well you decided to go to the shade
you're probably smart what about you
you're going to get smart you can get
smart gonna get smart nope see you later
all right so Christina just texted me
and she said that and it's going to pick
up in and out for us and you guys you
have to understand I don't know what it
is about N and now and being pregnant
but in and out this whole pregnancy has
been my fucking jam like I this is this
is literally what I order I order a
number one that's a double-double and I
get it animal style not the size the
burger I get the burger animal style I
get regular fries and then I get a pink
lemonade with a lot of ice and then I
usually like to dilute the lemonade once
I get home or whoever or if I'm eating
at the restaurant and I like to dilute
it so that I can get more drink out of
it and so it's not so sweet
I'll dilute it with water but that is
literally like my mouth is watering just
thinking about it so as a thank you to
them and making my day I swear I'm so
simple give me a fucking number one and
I'm happy for the rest of the day
so I feel like I should you know show
them my gratitude by making and taking
some rice krispies treats that I'm going
to make right now
look at this luxurious ass bitch right
here
that little toy that I brought out for
them guess who's using it as a pillow
you are one fucking luxurious as dog
breed you are nuts whatever get a
girlfriend get it blondie get it babe
bear you little shit all right you
little hooligan City go inside you are
Jesus ready to go inside boy just go
inside take it away but the hell those
sofas boy oh do you miss your pawpaw is
that why you got his shoe you freakin
weasel
you always get people shoes that he
misses so clearly you miss it papa
I miss him too it's okay he'll be back
soon why didn't try to play outside
you're gonna play now
oh yeah anyway I am going to start
making rice krispies treats I'm so
excited and I just keep I did
and voila they are done cut and cold and
um okay I don't know how to use bought
Bart's pinned like he has these nonstick
type or super like professional-grade
blah blah blah Goliath wind um I don't
like it I need more nonstick stuff
that's like not a nonstick so everything
that fucking stuck and started burning
on it I was like what that fuck so I
need better pause I need for myself I
think I'm going to let him have his own
and then I'm just going to buy my own
fuck those up because I'm not a cook but
I like to make some bullshit from time
to time and I want to come home go ahead
this came out good but it could have
been better
you could have been better you know that
I fucked up okay well full time I'm
going to leave and get ready for the
pool time alright so we made it to and
Christina's and we're about to swim but
they're trying to give me a heads up
because their dog goes nuts especially
for girls
hahaha poke you dude
from foot oh okay
oh good what a good boy oh my god yeah I
ignore me oh he's awesome good job he
loves
all he does oh look here's a ball he
didn't care about anything that's
awesome
well thanks Christina for inviting me
into your house
Thank You aunt perfect day to go
swimming yeah make sure if you swim in
there and he's in there make sure he has
the ball
does it come after you oh yeah Python
would you then it's very painful
oh yeah you can do this better on the
pill dude one more time all right see
you later
see you later
okay now he's ready all right I'm gonna
put the sunblock on and I couldn't think
of the word how you so funny dude belly
flop in there and it's getting down with
since waiting a little floaty for us
hello lightheaded right now you've been
doing it for like 10 minutes yeah
straight oh thank you oh no it'll be
awesome
it'll it'll be awesome dreaded and then
right though hasn't stopped he's give me
the bottle fit now yeah forget him damn
he is obsessed with that freaking ball I
just put on my sunblock and just
learning from Hawaii I really need it
because yeah I forget fur now it sucks I
think I want to get in there
hey I like swimming with Tim and I like
like under him and knock a few late
that's so cute
you want to run around through I could
be breathing like that you just out of
breath yeah gotta breath she's so fit
all that's swimming I all right Michael
self yeah sit Susan is over by big bins
with dead fish no no up up family down
this okay forget that one
this soft bed fit
Oh oh hey baby I know that's crazy guy
with that hole yeah why are you keep
bringing it
yeah do the baby yeah give it to me how
am I going to do it I want you to throw
it stops us up Kylie
No
No
going to do
no duh
stop stop stop now stop spell is know
hey this looks okay right this
why do you bring it to me I torture you
the most I think you like oh what a dodo
not their dummy oh my god don't take it
don't shake them delivered right wait
wait what are we about to do oh we're
about to felonies mass that I got
yesterday is this honeycomb shape mask
that has like hydrogel on it and I got a
facial done yesterday with these things
not the portal make facial right no
other facials I have perverted fans dude
girl I mean is not me
so it's more common to say like porno
facial then yeah I'll probably say
portal facial now it was a normal spa
kind of facial like and feels amazing
since I did it and so I got gifted a
whole box of these things and so I
brought them over for you guys so we're
in try it out I don't know how to do
this and I'm in the worst position ever
what happened to Christina died she was
here oh no not sure we're broken
disappear I'm using TIF glasses so I
don't have to look around since she
looks at me and then I could see Sydney
looks that way a little bit together it
all just kind of other she's the door
over haha I want it's lazy Mike your
belly ours yeah
shit you got a belly now a cute baby
baby maybe really I know my belly so
good
it's big but it's not that big I think
you do the weirdest part is my belly
button the logistics out
oh just tell them no we felt your baby
me you could tell them
so she was swimming in the pool and she
was like oh like she was holding on to
the side of the pool right she was just
like oh man this kids moving a lot we're
like what and we just all so warm to her
and we just start doing the baby kick
all over inside so so cute and I was
like hi
it's the antiphon eBay remember me
that's my signature like opener for the
baby oh my boyfriend's back my hey baby
I got the ball but you don't want to
share his ball my lady my legs all wet
yeah they all they all flocked over to
touch the baby moving baby was going on
all right they're going to put this down
after to to sweep up oh yes with up with
that he or she sitting in there still
trying to guess the gender little funny
weird
stunning food but at this size a belly
no way or watch it be twins it's awesome
this is trying to hook of our faces I
don't even know what it looks like
because there's no mirror this is this
honeycomb this feels crazy
that's like mats are like this they're
just like a gel
I don't know exactly it's like a
superhero Matt
what the fuck
oh no you're making my move suppose I
was going in my mouth it's going on with
you we going to move up and nothing I do
right now okay oh no what I'm Laura yeah
how you sent the loops where are you
you grab more of the gelatin from inside
the bag and you put it on your face I
don't even know what I'm doing what the
fuck is happening okay
okay I think I got it okay they were all
crazy shop I'll write you some somepony
okay thank you
oh I can't see shit yeah and then you
grab it in here Cupid Saurabh let me
help you oh yeah come over here hahaha
hey look so fun yeah are you know why
you're trying to put it in your eyes I
can't see it easy I was doing your hair
what'd you guys do oh really it feels
the same what I have to do is all like
all that way look this way we put our
clothes in 24 year now that might happen
back of it I'm just trying to get it
more in here into your bags I can get
more than my god upper lips oh thank you
I suck it okay Wow
Oh was it right in the corner oh my shin
oh sorry
like Peter Griffin straight sweating
already disconnected oh sorry thank you
you're welcome
haha alright so I'm back home I've been
here for a minute actually just decided
to take a nap take it easy
my stomach is kind of hurting um not
because that's a like poop or anything
but I think it's just the baby may be
growing I don't know something's going
on with my stomach
um and it feel excuse you hey what are
you doing I'm vlogging buddy are you
crying you always cry what are you
crying anyway yeah I was just saying my
stomach over here oh no I was just
there's like cramps or something going
on all over so I was just trying to deal
with that today don't try to talk yes
step back rude yeah it still feels a
little bit uncomfortable but alive I'm
good I think I'll get over it
um despite the fact that my father is
not here but it was nice got to sleep
which is always good because I always
need sleep these days oh I'm going to
see my friends I got to swim I got to be
a human submarine again made a little
baby I'd love when you guys called call
kala call me fat and I'm just like
that's true I'm like a passage like I've
had passengers in here and I'm like a
fucking big floating thing in the water
so that was really cool um yeah and it
was nice
that's it spend time with my friends
sorry I'm like turning off all the
lights here let me make sure all the
doors are closed because I am a big
security fat so I have to make sure
everything is closed as a little nice
night this close sure is even though we
do live in a gated to me I still get
scared especially cuz I'm by myself but
I got my puffs up top there got me a gun
I hope I never have to use but ya have
to make sure I'm safe just have to race
be upstairs
but yeah oh who is it so winded you
coming on you stay down there when I
come on just girl she weird sometimes I
should stay down there lady shouldn't ah
so winded damn but yeah thank you so
much for hanging out with me guys it's
always fun hey so pregnant I can't
breathe oh but uh thank you for spending
the day with me I hope you guys got to
kick it and enjoyed my day with my
friends it was a kind of a short day for
me um I think the biggest issue is just
the cramping in the stomach so sorry
this vlog with a little bit short I hate
when that happened but hope you guys let
me slide on this one that time I just
wasn't really good but thank you again
so much for all your love and support
and for walking with me through the
whole setting up for bed getting ready
for bed process turning off all the
lights and whatnot but yeah guys thank
you so much for watching hope you guys
have a beautiful day or had a beautiful
so good morning good evening and good
night I don't know where you guys are at
but thank you again you guys tomorrow
bye
