all right so I'm at J can use tips
getting ready ah David just got here
Joe's eating yeah I'm watching Harry
Potter's David brought us freshly baked
Japanese what is this cheesecake and
it's so bomb and I can't wait to rub it
out this is kind of traditional at this
point my turn if you were trying to go
backwards and it's just not my beer
still on the floor with are they true
choo train oh my god they're Mickey
Mouse's so Muriel got this for me
and now when she got this for me I got
your t-shirt cool I'll wear it later and
then she starts there yeah but she goes
later yep
no later she goes do you not like it
outside I don't know if I like it or not
I have no yet I was like chill yeah I
just don't want to wear it right now
turns out it's a really comfortable
t-shirt oh it's really soft
it really is yeah oh she saw you wear it
already she sounds like Mickey Mouse
yeah all right TIFF is trying to wrangle
everyone and I get everyone updated with
just news updates or just anything that
pertains to Jay King those two don't
care cuz I don't watching martial arts
you're sweating it over here David's mom
just called but now David joined the
group Julia's still getting ready
doesn't give a fuck Sean I mean
I'm still watching your aquatic how
crazy I am about watching this right now
is so I have my headphones on I got
glass cleaner so that I think there's no
smudges on my screen I have my coffee
ready to rock or roll my own personal
hotspot 35 minutes to go she's still
trying explains a lot of understand
what's going on and you can't really
yell because they're your bosses alright
so we are just relaxing I am out here
just chillin but I want to share with
you guys my wardrobe because today is
the first or one of the first days um
where I actually look like I have some
sort of style to my standards at least
cuz I know a lot of you guys out there
who is stylish um so you guys have way
upper hand than I do but I just kind of
went shopping
because I throw a lot of my maternity
clothes and a lot of my older clothes
that I didn't get to wear for like nine
months close to a year because I was
pregnant um so that was very cleansing
for sure and I picked up a couple new
things so this is one of them it could
help fuzzy this sweater is it's so
freakin soft and then I got my cute
little stretchy polkadot pants at first
I thought they were red but they're like
orange II ready orange II then I got my
hardshell og Adidas I've always wanted
these
um but I don't know why I never got them
I always got like variation like the
different color variations I never got
the old you one because it just felt
like everyone has this
I don't want same thing as everyone else
so I kind of fucked myself over so I
finally got them and I threw out an old
pair of shoes just random ones and I
replace it with new ones because the old
ones were so bad but yeah that's what
I'm wearing today by the way I missed
Tycho just thought I'd let you guys know
all right
we are rat which means I get to see him
a bit Tiger I get to see my baby tiger I
get to see my baby take it so I'm back
home now and we're having some fruits
you're okay
we're having some fruits guess who else
is having fruits he did not react like
this when I gave him carrots though so
that's funny and I think he likes it cuz
it's cold it's been in the fridge it's
sweet I think he'll be the main theme
for kids like fruits and vegetables I
can only imagine if we got like radishes
something we blended it you paisan I
like you that much compared to like
orange or peaches are you cutie pie you
keep secondly yeah I guess he's a little
freaking lizard ton coming up he likes
it push it push it in his mouth a little
bit more yeah there you go
you're good boy and of course you know
as soon as I got home I had to take off
his socks I can enjoy this view how come
you don't eat the carrots like that you
gotta put some uh sure go up what
happened well maybe he's trying to suck
it and it's not coming out
I will grandma
so comfortable Bart and I were saying
how we want to get him out of there so
we can land those little subs okay just
a big pile of comfy soft warm blankets
all right what for now at least say he
hasn't slept all day for some reason um
he didn't sleep at night so I don't know
if you can see this right here
that means mama didn't sleep either so
I'm gonna let him sleep for a little bit
it's me six I'll let him sleep for like
an hour then I'll wake him up and keep
him up until his bedtime
all right so tyke is awake now you're
not feeling that good we think that it
could be TV so it's really cool is um is
the arena my sister-in-law she got him
these keys well I my brother too but she
got him this these keys that has like a
gel on the inside I'm speaking see me
squishing it yeah there's a gel on the
inside and then you put in the fridge or
the freezer and then they put the key in
their mouth which is a funny concept to
put keys enough um but it's like I wanna
see it's ripped is that right
I always think ribbed in constitute I
think they are red though okay well it's
ribbed all over like different textures
all over the key so that he can just rub
it or babies can rub it on their gums
see the VAT gel bubble easy.you teething
like crazy
so they'll just chew on it and then I
guess it feels good on their thumbs but
this guy's suffering a little bit I feel
pretty bad for him we're gonna make it
big guy one day at a time
we're gonna make it okay I have papa
right now looking for bibs that are good
for a heavy drooling because these
cotton ones and it's also a lot smaller
for him at this time so I kind of have
to get rid of them but these small ones
are just not cutting in he goes to three
or four of these a day so I need bigger
more absorbent preferably with like a
plastic backing of some sort I don't
know I don't know whether you don't make
it I just don't know where to look but
yeah that's our current situation right
now
but can I please introduce you to the
toesies oh so cute
Oh soo cute the toesies all right so
it's like as I'm gonna say the lunchtime
I'm really tired
it's Tyga's bedtime now pallbearers
doing the honor of putting it to bed and
now for me it's my time to do cardio
which means I have to run so it's pretty
late now
I'm pretty tired but I do have goals
that I want to achieve and I'm excited
because I do see more and more change in
my athletic ability and my endurance and
in my body and just how I feel like just
the way my bones feel my my joints
everything just feels better and looser
so I don't want to do it I want to stay
in my PJs I want to go to sleep but I'm
like let's just take it one step at a
time so I have my workout pants and my
socks ready to go got my t-shirt and my
bra on my sports bra and I just got to
go I got to go with emotions so I'm
gonna get this is what helps me at least
get my mind off of it because I just
don't like running and
especially don't like running on a
treadmill cuz it just got so boring in
my mind is just it wanders everywhere so
um yeah I just get bored so I borrow my
mom's she likes it leave her iPad here
so I borrow that and I put some
headphones in and I like to watch action
fight scenes but specifically with
females because it's just so motivating
to see how far females have come in the
film industry in terms of stunt work and
um it's amazing one of the ones that I
watched was um it was a Marvel movie was
it called all manic Cameron what it's
called it's one of the recent Marvel
movies where all of the Marvel
characters are in the same movie and
Spider Johansson plays I'm sorry if I
don't know her like her character's name
but yeah her character does a bunch of
parkour and karate or not crying but
martial arts moves and it's really
really sick to see her do stunt fighting
or the stunt double and yeah I watched
the I specifically watched the opening
scene because that's where all that
fighting happens and I'm like running
and I get so distracted and just and
lost in the scene that I can just run
for like I don't know like 30 40 minutes
straight without even thinking or
looking down at like this is almost done
I'm I'll visit on like is it over like
this is so boring so that's kind of one
of my techniques in it and it helps me a
lot so um if you're in the same boat as
myself I would highly recommend if
you're on a treadmill to bring an iPad
or just your phone put some headphones
in listen to something watch something
me I'm a visual person so I have to
watch it but if you're not you're more
of an audio person then dude like listen
to podcast those are always fine or
audiobooks those are really cool too
yeah and as you guys can see I'm buying
myself a lot of time right now that's
preventing me from getting ready and
jumping on that treadmill but then now
that I've said that out loud I hear how
ridiculous I sound because I
I'm tired and the more I prolong be
working out the longer it takes for me
to get to bed so I'm gonna get on it
alright so I'm doing it sorry
I'm doing it guys we're gonna make it oh
my god let me stop though they got black
mirror on baby rock overall warming up
there we go just finished running um I
couldn't watch black mirror what's kind
of scary for me and I'm in this stop go
stop dude
I'm in this garage headphones in my ear
hole myself hovers upstairs
I can't hear anyone's coming up behind
me even though why would they come
behind me I'm just a big scaredy cat um
yeah just wearing everyone so I changed
it to the Chappelle stand-up show and I
highly recommend watching it's on
Netflix it's amazing it's the most
recent one I think it's two different
two different sets that he does both ah
and yeah I just want to tell you about
these amazing freaking headphones so I
got myself a pair of both I think this
is the QC these are the QC ones 35 once
the first edition and they got these for
Bart and I got myself the QC - it's both
or the second edition and I have to tell
you guys have these or so they're not
cheap and this isn't a paid sponsorship
but they aren't cheap they're about like
three four hundred dollars um they're so
worth it it's noise-canceling I always
take mine I got - blacks but I always
take my when I travel I don't even
listen to anything I just turned them on
it cancels out all the airplane engine
noise it lets me sleep but what I love
about it the most is the battery life is
in tune so I got these fitter pop air I
think for Father's Day and that's what I
don't know when Father's Day is but
we'll just say it's been about like six
months yeah maybe like about six months
and he I think only charged them once
uses them I use them out of these like
once a week and they're still at 90% so
the battery life on these are oh and
then the cushion here is um super soft
like
mium enough it's leather but it's super
cushiony and this sound if you don't
know about sound Bose kicks ass it's
like the best bang for the buck when it
comes to sound I love super bass II and
I love drowning out any sort of sound
especially when I'm listening to music
or just watching something on Netflix or
something or just watching a movie
um and it's amazing so if you guys want
some good quality headphones that aren't
cheap but again bang for the buck I
would highly recommend these guys and
they're Wireless and then they connect
bluetooth um you can receive calls on
them so I didn't realize but I'm kind of
a little bit of a techie geek I don't
know too much about techie shit but I
like techie stuff that makes sense um
yeah and then if you get a phone call
again you don't have to plug it into
anything bluetooth you can receive it
and as they're on you can just talk
regularly so I can talk at this level
and it picks up my voice beery very
clearly and yeah I recommend it guys so
up to you guys really cool really cool
headphones and then they store really
neatly so I really like that too but
yeah I'm going to take a shower I'm
going to change I'm going to bed thank
you guys so much I really appreciate you
guys hope you guys had a beautiful day
or if your day hasn't started I hope you
guys have a beautiful day um you know
see you guys tomorrow
thanks guys have a good night or good
afternoon or good morning
