good morning woke up hella late today
it's almost 10 o'clock ready yesterday
me Joe and Casey we got carried away in
the hot tub and we're just talking and
talking and before you know it it was
3:00 a.m. so we have a late start today
but that's fine because that's what the
whole retreat is about and I just can't
believe that I'm waking up to like this
beautiful ocean sound and ocean view
look at that let's left with the window
open a little bit kind of foggy right
now but it's so serene
and
it's a beautiful sight I'm gonna go
downstairs now though hopefully get some
coffee in my system wake me up and time
to start writing we decided that our
schedule is going to be instead of like
wake it up working out and then and then
writing for like 6 hours straight or
whatever it's probably going to be
better in the world
I don't know I'm doing my ninja walk
because I don't know what's going on
yeah we thought it'd be better to
probably write first and then take a
little use working out as a little
mental break and then write again so
that we're more productive with our six
hours and then I think we'd have some
fruits fighting some fruits and start
writing both me and Joe forgot
toothbrushes as a mother basic Asha and
we travel so much that we are used to
these things but why do you keep
laughing at me is one of the funnier on
your hat and if not when a perspective
that's so true
they making the copies yeah oh man
coffee is like the writers crack should
I break open some fruits you guys want
some fruits like a giant platter we'll
just pick at it while we're writing yeah
how do you dress up your pineapple the
what did you just eat the lemon juice I
and it starts pretty
okay let's do that so Casey has been
converted to the Mexican dark side
because uh we were getting fruits last
night and he's like guys mind if we have
Turkey and I'm like work that's what if
like that's crazy
but the thing is a Mexican way of fruit
is delicious
okay so there's three people vlogging
right now or all telling different part
of the story in the house pretty funny
clip so its own unreported cases
recording jailers make sure there's no
magic on it because magic can survive on
future cases recorded some bills
we're trying to that transition week on
that one blog and we're meeting yeah
we're like you did there gummy like the
laptop cream
yeah and transition from the beer into
the laptop screen made on the internet
works for me
we wrote for a good three four hours so
far we're getting hungry so everyone's
getting ready to go out and get some
lunch and Joe left all the t-shirts off
home so we have to stop by a store just
so you can have t-shirts but it's been
awesome writing here so far because the
beach is a beautiful place and with this
like endless and limitless view I don't
know it just feels very very creative
and it feels like there's nothing
restricting your brain look at it
so beautiful and the waivers go like the
Reaver did that
people certain all morning long we would
see people surf in couples walk in dogs
running it's really really calming like
I've been living here it just keeps
reinforcing me how much I love living at
the beach and if I can't make that
happen
I guess I get my midlife for sure living
by the beach is where I definitely want
to retire the house next to our building
got burnt down so it's all starts which
is kind of cool because it just makes
our place that much more secluded and
quiet not that it's mout or anything but
is that that's crazy it's hard all the
way up there and then all those metal
pieces are arrested
we have yet to take out the canoe and
kayak yet though but I think once we get
a little bit more riding done you'd be
done to be a little bit more adventurous
and go out over there and just kind of
like have some fun are they done yet
we are still not done we are here in
Santa Monica about to grab some lunch
Joe has the best idea which is to stay
healthy so he thought of sugar fish
which is a farm a sushi place that I
always eat at but I hope the weights not
too long there already is a weight so
hopefully we don't have to weigh more
than like 15 minutes I gotta finish the
vegetal all the way 15 a third response
of that
what shall we do in this time always it
need a macaroni or not because see
what's around here is a stony t-shirt
so now we're on Third Street Promenade
and it kind of like this outdoor
shopping street in Santa Monica
it's an actual Street activity but do
they close it on so that you can't drive
through the few feeders those steel
flows generally try to get and it's just
like this open street shopping place and
there's always performer so we got a guy
singing over here and sometimes there's
like break dancers sometimes people that
pain and talk to the regulars but uh
we're getting some t-shirts for Joe down
here this is a really nice place if any
of you guys visit la a lot people love
coming to Santa Monica their sheep
promenade is walking around going on
like a queue take that movie theater
they have food you can walk around lots
of things to look at lots of shopping I
think any provide furniture once I even
came on the street and watch a magic
show the literally should do anything
you want here over at into a bathroom
ponch Mike you like
what you guys doing out here
so we stumbled into like this street
where hide store called shoe palace the
presentations really meant for
everything fellow white I like the light
up there and I didn't need anything but
I saw Joe getting close so it gave me it
gave me the bug to want to buy something
and then they told me that it's 20% off
everything in the store and you know
when you're Chinese and you hear stuff
like that hey these are like I gotta get
something and I also do these shorts
because I wear the same shows all the
time you don't get one for Walmart and
they're getting worn out so it's a
perfect excuse for me to replace the
shorts that I have the 20% off it's
pretty cool so that all kinds of like
colors or shoes what's doesn't lighting
up like on the phone
that's really cool are you getting
contagious cases are sensible China haha
I'm a real tiny you don't send money
money oh yeah some big tiny I just
fooled by the discount finally got
seated I cannot wait to eat I am so so
hungry we were shopping and that well
turned from a little bit of hundreds do
it dream hunter now
I think about yet which is why I always
get it's pretty much like what they
recommend and I might get one or two
more people I really liked the holiday
here and I also like the salmon that we
put that to me Peter but I also like the
albacore as well as a few another ball
to see back here also everything do you
know what you are going to get yeah I'm
gonna get to know Colin you more PC and
if you want mean these what about you
you know da one the few more pieces all
right we mean like animals or something
that Primula
we need your session we need good
nutrition to help fuel our Michael write
a good chat wise
we got back home and got a little bit
more writing done but the Sun came out
so I have to show you guys it is
beautiful look at that down there all
the awesome
and the ocean is going all the way down
below a house now and actually really
Penta to swim like really tensed I
really want to slim it on to
reservations want to look kind of cold
and do it just looks rough like this is
hunter rock and we thought for what I
need to get done but I think once we
make even more strikes on the movie I'm
going to have this one it just looks too
beautiful to not limp that it feels so
good just so refreshing
this way
big asking a kelp right there just got
back home from the gym and we're about
to cook up a storm look at all the food
we got from the grocery store so we have
have we got pork chops chicken breath
ground beef tonight or are you going to
make tonight drill left right Korean
lettuce wraps I'm going to make some
pork chop try to get Vietnamese style
and in some bok choy I've been working
on bok choy and it's been coming up
pretty good and then Casey's going to
make the rice and that's a dinner for
justice tonight oh he's also going to
make a chicken break and then tomorrow
we're going to do like rib eye steaks
and all this we have a ton of food and
we're about to get cooking up starving
every time after I train I get so hungry
we haven't ate dinner yet but we do have
a fun time of Buddhism so crazy when it
comes pretty good what is more so we're
going to cook all the Asian stuff right
now but then I think we're gonna save
the steak for lunch tomorrow and then
dinner tomorrow is just clean up like
just just whatever whatever whatever
robbers kill it but tomorrow's just
Monday then because I'm your boss there
you go back tomorrow yeah but we got to
leave Wednesday morning yeah so the next
I'm going to bond shop likely yes okay
so--but when I'm freestyling on these
pork chops I really don't know how it's
going to turn out so far what I put on
it is some minced garlic a little bit of
honey some nut mum and then a little bit
of soy sauce put it all on here just
spreading it around
and I poke a little hole so I can go
inside and marinate quicker and it's
going to let this sit for life is good
any like 10-15 minutes while I work
while I work on the bok choy and
hopefully it turns out good this I just
had like this sudden urge to make pork
chop I just walk by it
I don't know this recipe I just walked
by the store and I'm like damn I want
some pork
for some reason maybe my body needs some
pork so here we go hopefully it tastes
great Joe what do you got going on over
there so I should have read what it
takes to make this sauce because I got
this thinking that it was going to be a
Korean barbecue sauce but it's just
barbecue sauce with Korean flavor
like a barbecue rib sauce yeah so I'm
learning how to make Korean sauce by
itself but the thing is I don't have
brown sugar or rice wine vinegar so I'm
just using cooking wine and no sugar I
only have this much sugar left that the
other people have asked you so I got I
just figure out how to make this work
what about honey you do make it taste
yeah I couldn't honey in there but honey
does have a weird flavor of sweetness
yeah that's true yeah
I'm just improvising iced know that
bullets go pretty good yeah but I don't
know if it's what I want being all
opinion it could taste good but then is
it good am I going to be able to execute
when I want time ago that's true will
happen improvise and say what's up the
second dish I'm making is steamed bok
choy with some fish fillet already cut
up the bok choy and I already cut up the
fish fillets usually I use white pepper
but if you don't have any I'm just
substituting with some black pepper it
should be okay and then a chicken ball
to steam it a little bit of sesame oil
and a little bit of closes ginger or
sugar on one axis I'm getting a double
check want to be in trouble a little bit
of ginger this should come out pretty
good this is the one thing that I am not
improvising except for the black pepper
but I do like even the fish a little bit
of kick inside of this and I was kind of
feeling the bok choy love at you because
when I make this the bok choy comes out
really really juicy now and I'm in the
mood for some juicy as greens damn joey
through the freakin the ground beef on
there what what are you going to do with
that guy
I pretty much cook it yeah
that's right oh shoot which reminds me I
gotta get
I just threw the bok choy on the pan and
I'm selling it and a little bit of oil
and garlic I like getting the roasted
garlic flavor into the bok choy before I
have to team it that's a little industry
secret and by industry I mean I just
figure that out and I'll even over the
beaker they do a lot of you will know
but that's what I like to do so I get
some of that oil get them in our garlic
get that roasted garlic flavor into the
box Evy and we're trying to smell real
good once I see that on the Fox really
it's kind of quoted in the bottle and
I'ma put the chicken broth in a little
bit of sesame oil the ginger the bow
ties in and then is let it steam for
like five minutes I just added in all
the other ingredients the theft in the
oil and also the chicken broth so now
I'm gonna cover it up and I don't think
it fits very well but I'll do the trick
there that's the problem with not having
your own tools everything's kind of
mismatch but you do what you can and at
the end of the day you're still cooking
with all your friends having a good time
and I'm pretty sure all the food is
going to turn out good so I'm still
really happy there we go all right it's
the missing piece to what I needed a
cook and the pork chop on the pans are
pretty much done on the paper mark and
that's this is the last day to be cook
and we're very much ready to eat
or you hope it turns out good it looks
like that could overtake
we're having a straight-up faith giving
beat holy guacamole look at it got the
pork chop Joe make the lettuce wraps
with this special sauce on the ground
beef you got the chicken sauce soy and
fish not the lettuce wrap
oh my god I can't wait to eat this looks
so good
dude I swear this is like better than
some other potluck we've acted with that
and it's just three people cooking for
three people all right time for the
first bite mmm what should I choose the
bok choy and know how that's going to
taste like maybe I did the pork chop if
it is hopefully stuff so what that
happen mmm no pretty good I also like to
put the bok choy juice on the right
flavor or even the ground beef quality
you know I got a whole lot I could do
that on the right like that
that's a good idea all right guys know
what I'm too hungry time to call at last
you guys I got to eat this food
