look at these cute sons of bitches
hi baby hi what are you doing
nope another spell thank you guys taping
on time
why go Flay go be dogs go go go oh hey
were you doing look at how fat my little
funny and jenni before you were able to
see all her little ribs yourself you
were able to see all my little ribs but
now you can't cuz she's getting she's
feeling out look at you you look so good
you look so good I'm so happy for you
fun I'm so happy for you
whoa breathing like that don't pick on
her she might be little but she's fierce
why leave her alone I'm not gonna break
it up though you guys need to work that
shit out I think it's super teeny that
she's selling out cuz on she's always
just been so skinny and we feed her and
we actually try to give her um more
fattier food just because she needs to
fill out and it's just she was at such
an unhealthy rate so to see her this
week awesome and recently she got some
teeth extracted cuz um I took her when
she got that that little nub thing that
was growing on the side of her face on
the doctor doctor recommended to remove
a couple of her teeth because she did
that they may be hurting her so then um
we did that and I think that contributed
to her wanting to eat more which is
really really awesome so proud of you
honey
you didn't I don't know what you did
good cuny well today's been kind of a
half rough day half rough just because
popper left
he's on a writer's retreat with Joe and
Casey and I'm sure you guys will see
that ball because as I'm vlogging
he's also vlogging over there it's gonna
be really interesting to see how his day
was without me it's okay I got my pups I
got this little baby look at how big
this belly is getting
I can't believe it's two more months and
then I have a baby like I'll be out here
with my dogs right it's super tranquil
and it's very nice
I'm sorry Inuk very soothing and calming
and then I look at the patio and then
look at the space and I just look at my
pops and I just stand here and I just
picture myself with this like toddler
running around toys scattered everywhere
maybe getting rid of this table and like
putting like an inflatable pool with a
bunch of toys because it'll be for a
baby and I'm just so excited when I just
think and imagine that and I can't wait
I really can't wait I'm so excited um
yeah boom is poop that's so lame anyway
yeah I'll show you what I'm doing inside
in a minute you're going to see how lame
I am but before I show you what's going
on inside I must show you this corny
video that I sent to Papa right now
because I miss um what are you doing you
guys you're messing up mom's plan get
out of my plant yeah fuck them sold hey
get out of my plant go away go with it
get out go play where it will the grass
yes go over this but anyway let me show
you this video
my corny ass oh say hi to Papa
measles they had a bubble meal oh hey
pop oh my bad
what the hell fun okay they stop they go
3-1 we grow balls fun hey Ricky can see
how the puffle you we miss you dad
okay see you later hope you're having
fun because we're kind of having fun but
we already met yes
I we do really miss him
whole guys alright anyway
all right so I don't usually drink milk
out of cartons
but there was like this much left and
yeah there's no point in dirtying a dish
for that much milk left and I just
thought it would make for funny b-roll
so yeah I don't normally do that ghetto
shit but anyway this is what's happening
in my side of town I'm just looking at a
lot of emails I know this is Amazon I'm
about to buy it a couple of things I
need for a home office that I'm trying
to put together this is actually going
to be oh sorry
my camera almost sauce up my head this
is going to be the paper shredders going
to be in addition to that and then all
the stuff that's in here is going to get
filed away so I need to get a filing
cabinet but yeah just doing a lot of
work I get cold occasionally look it's
on back there so I have my blanket all
the bills that I have to take care of or
file or something like that um I clean
out my bag so I'm living out of this bag
right now and it's not very convenient
so I think I'm on the market for a
backpack because I had one before it was
awesome and I was like oh maybe a diet
might be better but who the fuck am I
kidding I know I'm a backpack person I
tried it out didn't work so I was like
emptying everything out I got a bunch of
chargers and look at this bullshit since
the iPhone 7 came out like to have the
headphone jack since it doesn't have
anymore
you see that like you have to have this
shit so I have one additional thing out
to take care of and carry and yeah my
wireless headphones in there a bunch of
shit and over here I just have like junk
food that I'm eating water cuz what are
so important and I haven't been drinking
it and my doctor just recommended I take
iron so this is what he recommended it's
called
Oh slow SE I don't know so I added this
to my little I so sold my little pill
tool case so that I don't forget that I
have or haven't taken my my pills yet
it's not medication adjust prenatal
supplements so it's like fish oil and
then a lot of different vitamins and
then the iron is going to add now so I
keep track of what pills that I have or
have not taken by this little thing and
it's going to lifesaver sometimes I'm
like I don't want to over take it or I
don't want to not take it at all so that
saves my often it's pretty cute and then
I get some Milano's and yeah I'm just
here by myself just working which is
kind of cool I'm still tasting
productive but it is a weekend for me
and usually weekend means time to just
unplug and live life and and just
disconnect because Monday through Friday
it's like a grind because we have
barbell and then we have JK and then we
have shoots off or barbell and JK so
Monday through Friday for me is just
non-stop
so the weekends I like to decompress
unwind and do human regular people shit
so um it's kind of a weird one for me
because my father is not here and I'm
working so it's cool not hating on that
but it's just some getting used to I
don't like this life
I like enjoying this beautiful house
from a beautiful papa so I just got to
get used to it and I'm sorry it's gonna
be such a whiny vlog and how funny would
it be that pablor is happening like the
time of his life he's like I feel so
free I love it here and I'm over here
like is ha ha ha I can't wait to see his
footage is going to be awesome I'm not
sure who footage is going to be uploaded
first just yet but then it would be
funny if we see his first and then you
see mine or vice versa it's going to be
great I can't wait to see it
but yes I'm gonna get a little bit more
work done before it is night time for me
umm it'll probably night time for me
me or time to wrap it up I should say
maybe like a few more hours it's only
eight o'clock usually in bed by 10:00
but since that's asleep oh ma so I mean
push it back a little bit because I am a
wuss when it comes to Sigma myself so I
may need some like TV assistance or I
may just need to tire myself out a
little bit before I can get to bed so
I'll just do it more work watch a little
bit more TV let us show you what I'm
watching it's this show that I just
randomly found on Netflix ah and it is
what happened to TV
oh it's called I don't know if any of
you guys watch this but stop don't scare
me about myself some sort of bark is no
reason it's called Riverdale and I think
it's a Netflix original not sure maybe
it is but yeah so I don't know
so it takes place let's make these
high-schoolers blah blah blah it's like
this drama but it's like a TV drama or a
teen TV drama and um it's like the
weirdest shit ever but it's one of those
things that you can't stop watching like
it's not good I guess it's good if
you're younger it's a lot of like teen
drama and it's really cool if I was
younger I would really appreciate it
just for everything that's going on but
now that I'm older I'm like what just
doesn't happen in the real world is kind
of like I might even be dating myself
here but it's kind of like night I go to
the Beverly Hills 90210 or what's
another one that I used to watch like a
drama like that I can't remember I
didn't watch when she could be going up
but um yeah I need background noise when
I work and I was hoping that this would
be just that like dumb background noise
but I still get sucked in as bad as it
is I'm still like oh my god
Archie and you know the teacher are
hooking up good and I keep watching
episode after episode episode and
somehow I've watched like half of the
season it's crazy so if you're a big fan
of Riverdale cool
if you are interested in riverdale check
it out I don't highly recommend it but
if you just want background noise go for
it but yeah that's kind of what's giving
me company right now
whoever fit because poker is gone but
I'm so lame I'm going to just shut up
right now
i'ma show up get back to work and I'll
check in with you guys later I know how
you feel I know I you feel alright so I
just about wrapped up my work for
tonight but in the Miss is doing all of
that wrapping it up and just working I
started getting a headache and what I've
noticed helps me the most when I get a
headache because I'm trying to stay away
from any doctor approved headache
medicine aka the only thing tylenol I'm
trying not to take anything so the thing
that I have noticed that has been
working for me the best is as soon as I
feel any sort of tension or pressure
headache or anything sort of headache
coming on I do cardio and it feels
really good and it helps it go away
so I'm attributing the headache to
possibly just being a bunch of hormones
ring through my body or something I
don't know but I'm going to do maybe
like 30 minutes of of walking or cardio
and hopefully that makes me feel a
little bit better but yeah if I'm gonna
do right now in my little my little
garage here where I have my gym set up
and then I have a assault bike which I'm
not going to do because it's a little
bit hard but then I want to jump on this
treadmill real quick for a few minutes
maybe like 15-20 minutes or so get the
blood flowing break a little sweat and
then I'll get ready for bed yeah I've
got this little too poetic well I'm all
done with that cardio portion my
headache feels a lot better
I should Carol I feel it anymore whoo I
walked half a while I felt really nice
broke a sweat come on Mila won buddy
come on good boy yeah
throw the sweat and so better changing
some water
stay hydrated take a shower and get
ready for bed all right so finish taking
a shower and I just want to show you
guys how ridiculous or may not be
ridiculous I think now it's cuter
ridiculous for me but how ridiculous it
is for me to get ready for bed
so once I've showered then that's when
the moisturizing process happens first
things first
that take off my wedding ring because I
don't want to give it up Louie and I'm
going to trade off between two different
moisturizers using our drugstore
moisturizers so I can do cocoa butter
which Bart really doesn't like if you
send me Chanel a chocolate bar so the
alternative to cover water is I use the
Easter in this is the order list so this
is not a part of it how God uses and I
put this all over my body
oh no oh shit I put this all over my
body just cuz I don't know ever since
getting pregnant I freaked out about
hitting dry itchy skin specifically in
the boobage and stomach area for obvious
reasons
okay
okay don't body moisturizers I know I
skipped out on the stomach area but one
of my girlfriend's gave me this
so it's really gooey it's one of those
things one of those butters that melts
when you touch it so right now it's not
gooey or anything but as soon as I touch
it and and it feels my body temperature
then that's when it begins to melt so it
comes out like this rub it a little bit
and wallah so then I put this all over
this bad boy because the last thing I
want our stretch marks I love showing
off my stomach and I do not want stretch
marks so I put this all over my belly
and my boobs you can't see me put it on
my boobs because Roewe
but if you put it sorry I like that they
don't want stretch marks here either so
make sure to get an mo back whore bar
have to deal with this this is so not
attractive nice hey baby
you want to get it on you like no no
that never happens but that's how I feel
okay so also put in a boobie Jared I'm
not going to do that
and yes I am watching my hands on my
towel so once I'm done with that then
okay now my face I use two different
products I use a toner which you can
probably pick up a target see that and
then I use an ice cream and a day cream
in company bought it from Target and I'm
going to use a night cream
let me put the timer on first
so put the toner on first
I honestly don't know this corner even
work
but since I've been washing my face and
actually taking care of it a little bit
more it could be due to the private
cinema but you guys have even called it
out my skin feels so soft and it's so
smooth and it glows so again maybe it's
a pregnancy but I'm not going to stop
doing what I've been doing before I got
pregnant which has been this routine
keeping it going because I have now I
have to scratch it up do this this this
dish this and don't please
and so just I even care don't forget
your neck because your neck easiest to
just little tick and you're nothing I
get Savage with it and then I just rub
it rub it in I try to get the areas that
most people get wrinkles so under eyes
forehead little smile lines on your
mouth again the neck
okay so again wipe your hand off there
then I move to my hair it's also made
moisturizing because I do diet because a
lot of gray hair runs in my family and I
use the argan oil I exchange from argan
oil to coconut oil - what is this I
don't know this but today I feel like
this thick argan oil I grab about a
quarter quarter side and just run it
through my hair and I prefer doing this
my hair is wet at night when I go to
sleep I have naturally wavy hair and not
curlier wavy hair so then when I wake up
my hair is not frizzy and the curls look
really cute just do this kind of scrunch
it a little bit make sure I get it in
all the area that I can see at least
which is mainly in the front
here and I I do this thing with the exes
argan oil I like to rub it on my tattoos
so that my tattoos
skin area just stays more more stress in
the tattoos look more vibrant does it
work I have no idea but I'm going to
keep doing it just because I have been
doing it and then I close it out with
brushing my teeth and yeah I don't know
is this a lot I don't know I really
don't know I don't really compare my
nighttime routines with girlfriends
because from what I've heard they don't
really have worked it was just so
fucking beautiful naturally that they
just go to sleep and they wake up
glasses so I got to do a little bit of
work but it was cool having you guys
thank you so much for watching good
night see you guys tomorrow
