all right we're officially on our
writers retreat it's me Joe I don't know
what KP is did he go to the back time I
think it is still inside we just got
caught air B&B I got to figure out how
to get in here
I think I know the code inside
the button wait wait what
all right so it's buzz the culprit of
glass gate notice how the gate is wedged
at the bottom remember to wedge it back
the code for the glass Jade little
engine you got the way no afterwards but
I might have tried these do any of them
work don't figure it out so we have to
move the little wedges so that we can
push the padlock through and then the
cold work hopefully
it'll work
supposed to work they hold this cake go
check the phone all right
I'll be power chair guess he did it whoo
that's better
I pulled harder awesome awesome
yeah Danis pad is fucking baller this
pad is so nice what you could just walk
all right yeah you could just walk
through to the ocean Oh God is it hot oh
you know we're doing that
I don't know if this is a writer's
retreat on vacation now
oh my god look at that
dude this is hell a knife holy shit it's
literally the ocean damn Duke we can we
just start writing movies like every
week I write like I want to do this
everyday in my life so this is just I
don't want to make movies don't I write
movies now yeah we should write movies
every week Joe ours too
yeah we get to you know we get to you so
that's empty Hall self and your house
yeah
I thought I was going to be able to do
karate here but I can Oh in the morning
in the morning when it's low tide it's
high tide right now I can't believe this
is the house like the beach goes right
into the water of the house none is
speaking this well this is our house for
the next couple of days I'm really happy
it looks even better than the pictures
on Airbnb or a home away wherever we
found this place hopefully we get a
dope-ass movie hold on this box how
thoughtful
though the owner of this house they made
the coats of the garage the last four
digits of my phone number the last four
digits of my phone number they said okay
it's not the last four digits of my
phone number that's what they said I
thought they're being nice all right the
last four digits of my phone number
oh it is how nice of them I don't think
I could fit my truck in this garage
I might have to park outside key oh
there's no key so we just go in and out
with the coat over this coat
yes okay this is my mom
it should be a lot yeah oh oh it is
unlocked Oh
Asians don't insult me to that oh man
dude if we don't write on your movies
then we need to go through more humble
places yet yeah and we got a finished
movie here man
oh this is a nice place get some coffee
right here don't try to get it yeah this
is a dope pad oh look at the kitchen
Wow look at the kids kitchen is nice too
you California I'm kind of operated is
there another one on this one oh yeah
well that was hot no it didn't I'm not
look at this range it all man like that
I should be bought I not
hey what the hell is this freakin 1950
business or whatever like a nice cold
dude why don't you get into here Raj
alright so you got out damn this is
beautiful can you imagine just going
outside right here
yeah to me AC we just opened a window
and all this ocean breeze and all this
ocean breeze can just come right in
oh man yeah this is beautiful
all right now I got to get to writing we
got this place not too relaxed give you
a little bit but to get to writing I'll
bring my bags in and we're going to try
to maximize the day and get a couple
hours of writing
I'm telling you we're serious about this
writers retreat because we brought our
whiteboard in which has our movie notes
on it so this mysterious we didn't come
here just with like luggage for vacation
we came here with our actual note we can
get work done and a half even more
post-it notes in the truck about to
start meeting real soon and then we have
a no vlogging policy while remains it's
a really stay focused but I think we're
going to be really productive such a
beautiful place you know how you get hot
but and this feels great all the ocean
air comes in how do you feel I do feel
like I wanted one pic but it's also very
inspiring how to get this she's done so
far looks like I'm the only one that is
ready to write where is John Casey hey
where did you guys go where'd you guys
go are you guys looking out the bedroom
hair oh I don't even know where they are
this place is huge
hello oh man is the bathroom oh dang
separate toilet be a shower bathtub
ok I don't know where they are they got
bed awesome view where did you guys go
are there another set of stairs here's
another room heads go home another
bathroom dad Pratt was huge with two
things another room was for a baby oh
I'm cute
to bring kids down here what does a
freaking back in the hallway that's
crazy that it's for sleepovers earth
where did you guys go damn are they
outside
where are you guys all Darius deck oh I
got freaked out by this thing when I
first thought of all these are your
eyebrows being hung that's crazy
oak we have a fire pit damn
Oh who are we gonna write out here I
don't know might as well every hour we
pitch late yeah hold this place keeps
getting better and better
oh man this is amazing goddamn beautiful
what a great blend of nature and City I
feel this amazing wind on me right now
because Phil might be my t-shirts like
move there's the ocean then there's of
course the LA traffic a Pacific Coast
Highway and there's a mountains behind
me man this is amazing
ah now we really got to start writing
because you haven't written anything yet
there's gonna be dinner time soon to be
hungry
is there no grill here plug it this
looks so beautiful all right let's get
some work done for real this time I kind
of low-key like this room the best even
those off to the side because the only
way into this room is through this
specific door if you have to come out
here to get into here and then you got
is storage area a bedroom you know all
the weight little European side the
bathroom it's quiet until 5:00 there's
an escalator it's not connected Terrace
that out or you going to take this room
no matter it's nice stuff
all right so I said we're going to start
writing but this place is just too crazy
that we have to explore so case the
explaining that this is an orphanage to
always
or like World War 2 medical building and
there's a ladder look at the hell
where's this lead to I don't know
oh is the master bedroom this is so
weird and crazy are you to go down to
the last item do you think this board
was there specifically to stop you from
going up and down because this thing is
not reliable I didn't read any
instructions that said not to I hear the
Joey was like what the forget losses
what a bullshit all right die that's
pretty sturdy is it it looks dirty we're
all here damn it's hot up here go back
into the living room
what cool shortcut we finish writing for
the day now we are walking to get some
dinner and usually we would drive for
PCH if you guys haven't been to the west
coast
it's fucking a cap it's literally one of
the only highways that go north and
south you have this or the 405 and this
is a two-lane highway that goes from
Malibu like all the way down to the OC
beaches so we were like fuck that we're
not trying to drive so we decided to
watch something to be a 10-minute walk
it's pretty nice out even though the
weather changes the Sun went away and
I'll tell a foggy now but it's a really
cool change of pace and everything just
feels pretty nice I was writing writing
was pretty awesome
I don't know we get on a roll really
faceted concept like so if you guys
don't know you've reached the recycles
there like six other ideas and this idea
just it just keeps burning like spinning
ideas for us it's like man we're on it
like new ideas from progressing way
faster than any other idea we've ever
had especially with three brains do ya
you me and Joe it's like whenever if two
people gets done all it takes about 1x
first thing that you and I did a lot
yeah yeah and we still do that with this
one but then Joe Joe comes there for the
day's yeah but now we got to do like
this like fuck yeah that's it that's it
yeah how do you like how do you like
this out jump it's fucking cool dude
you're like walking right next to all
the car oh shit lots of what hitting me
and then I'll sue them and get a million
dollars that's the American Way
yeah kinda I got biggie of you hitting
me Hey American Apparel always has the
most softcore nude photos look at that
girl she looks like almost butt-naked
and I don't know what that boogie board
had anything to do with what they find
itself and this American Apparel is
hopeful in the middle of nowhere there's
no other building around it and also I
heard that American Apparel is going out
of business I think somewhat bottomed
out so I don't need to know it's
happening with American Apparel damn
that that is sick and then that that is
like a frickin combat 18 band
I love that be that being is so sick
dude if I had literally if I if I warned
the lottery I'd probably have over 20
cars maybe a couple is really nice and
like Verizon Lambo because you have to
get those if you with a lot of but then
I would have like my own custom ice
cream truck drive through a neighborhood
give kids free ice cream and candy I
would want to have a big band where only
I draw my own art so it's like a driving
canvas and I would have all kinds of
funds event like a contact man like that
for sure I would want to have my did
we're getting really close to the fish
place okay so hungry now
it's hella foggy but it's still really
nice look at this little Lagoon okay
ignore the graffiti but you look pass
over there
the beach is still really nice people
are on it I thought them with surfing
little bird so very very nice dos log
into I see em oh man stand up the glue
comes all the way inside look to go from
there
all the way here the water looks kind of
yucky here there's more graffiti that's
something I always not that I respect
but um I always I do I guess I just I
always respect it the depth and the
determination of graffiti artists how
they're willing to go in the most
craziest places of risk their lives to
spread graffiti but I just makes me feel
sacks always lowers property value and
kind of like hurts everything else
around it but I do it mind that people
are trying to pretty much bring
themselves to the sort of brink of death
just so they can get the art out there
where were you guys going oh oh so
instead of crossing and getting ran over
you can go through here oh I see Oh see
that's what happens when you actually
live life and you don't blog and you
actually pay attention which is what
Casey is doing
you figure it out that is the safe way
of crossing the street is that a pile of
clothes on the floor what in the world
there is a ton of graffiti in here your
teenager yeah if you have nowhere else
to get laid
this is a pretty cool place for a photo
shoot too
where's your music is there a party I
hear a party somewhere oh it's back
there it's a restaurant
oh there's a party up there
so Joe found a seafood place and it's
pretty dope you go to the front counter
and then you order your main protein and
you get two sides and all of us are
trying really really hard to stay on
track and eat healthy so we all got
growth dish even though everyone else
around here is getting like some sort of
fried shrimp fried fish or something and
then I got a rice and salad but what I
really like about this patio area is
that one it's kind of romantic with you
guys we just need a candle here and a
such a romantic place but also a right
behind Joe's like this foggy like
tropical looking place with the palm
tree it looks crazy like Jurassic Park
right behind oh yeah yeah it's super
foggy yeah those are pretty cool place
and we're starving I can't wait for the
food to come in but I'm also proud of
all of us that none of us gave in to the
delicious fried seafood that everyone
navigated I know what cooker is that I
gave in to I got coca-cola fine I'm the
only one I have unsweetened iced tea
that's because I had on trips earlier
yeah have a movie everybody idea what it
is
oh yeah very frothy I see very good try
this water things like alcohol
guess our food finally came out so I got
a Chilean seabass with rice and salad
and then I got a lobster tail on the
side and we order some clam and mussel
and everyone else actually is the best
too and all are waiting for scallops and
that's it we're freakin hungry we killed
it today in writing saw the house
everything was awesome imma call it a
day
see you guys tomorrow peace just kidding
blogs not over I had to tell you guys
this vicious bomb because whatever
another Santa Monica area go to reel in
I just had a pilot into that one
holy moly how was the clam with a good
joke - you should try and watch go get
one yeah one's really good all right now
the vlog is really over cuz I'm not
gonna talking about I'm hungry do you
guys tomorrow
