good morning kiss oh you're hiding you
guys up to you guys are so cute I'm in
the garage because I'm changing out the
batteries for the camera and my
workbench has turned into more of a
camera station so I have my white even
put this in properly I have my battery
charger station this thing's pretty
awesome the charges of batteries to its
full power also at the same time in two
hours and then I also have um this is
for vacuum downstairs and for my drill
everything looks super organized now
this is my uh Jill is right so far Adam
built jack shit but it looks dope
this looks dope other good actual data
all kinds of tools in here the app like
all kinds of wire cutters pliers
dr. wrench stuff and then I have lots
optics still down here so I'm set I'm
ready for any project that comes my way
but for now it's just my laptop and
camera charging station this morning I
got really lucky because uh this weekend
I need to go on a writer's retreat with
Katie and Joe to really progress on the
movie I'll bring my jump books I want to
jump up at the gym later and ocean on
the grab my little mini tripod see
co-organized aw he is easy to grasp on
your auto pack okay it's easy to grab
stuff and all the night well yeah we
have a writer's retreat this weekend and
um I don't have time I have a haircut so
I asked Ben my barber at Ben's if you
can do me a favor and come in a little
bit earlier and he steadies down so it's
super early in the morning right now not
like SuperDuper early but super early
for the barber shop because they open at
10:00 but he will not be there at 9:00
so you can example I'm getting a haircut
I still have to answer all kinds of
questions like there's a bunch of stuff
going on at the barber gate gym right
now both issues but it's cool that I'm
able to type into my phone and text well
Ben keeps cutting and I'm not scared
that something Bad's going to happen
like there's going to be a big hole in
the back so then it gives me a lot of
confidence oh I could do all kinds of
stuff like blog and text and do all
kinds of stuff while getting a haircut
makes me way more productive okay cool
awesome or thank you so you ready yeah
ready
so careful Matt finished with my haircut
how does it look guys one thing that I
messed up on I was trying out this new
hair product and I didn't know how much
to put so when I put it on I think I
accidentally taped it on so now there's
like all this white stuff in it as if I
got in a fight with a bag of powdered
Donuts I try to use some water to get
rid of it like but not all of it went
away so I might look funny but I'm going
to go to the gym now anyways so that
doesn't really matter so I end up taking
a shower but it does look like either I
aged 10 years because I have
salt-and-pepper hair or I got in a fight
with the bag of powdered Donuts but
nonetheless then her cut came out
awesome and time to hit the week
just finished training I'd a really good
workout today actually I had squat and
then I had bench in the temple bench and
it felt really really good one of the
hardest things though is when you're
trying to diet and cut like I'm getting
leaner and I can tell but as you get
leaner you also get a little bit weaker
and it comes from not only just like
lowering your calories this is getting
really tired fifty might want to get
this is the blog chime of the bar open a
channel but as you lower your calories
you've got less energy expenditure and
also when you get smaller
you just have less math if your fat is
decrease in certain beverages are
changing so imagine like here's this
beef all right and before that
all this weight on this side now
decreasing so now it's that much harder
to come up so if you're allowed an
advantage in the squat and a bunch of
other lists but overall I'm maintaining
my strength and I'm getting a leaner so
I'm getting a lot of progress here so
I'm really really really really happy
now go to office and make my meal and
then I got a couple meetings today but I
think today is going to be an awesome
day and it's going to be an awesome end
of the week this is the thing I never
get I see fun every day and every day
fine never recognize me font America
come back here funny funny
do you remember who I am I just fought
you this morning you know that right
Vaughn we've been living together for
like I don't know five six years now all
right I guess she's like 50 first dates
accepted 51st dog owner and she'll never
remember god damn it I think I had a
brain fart too I put my protein shake
somewhere to turn the camera on ah
Dennis what I eat I hate when that
happens when you're like in the zone you
just put it somewhere all meatloaf
remembers Oh actually doesn't time to
take a shower and get ready for the
meetings just finish taking a shower
feel really fresh although it's really
really hot going on over here
no like why do people you should know
their condition oh are you guys talking
shit about a director yeah this one
which everyone so read it so I will read
I don't want to make a bad movie with
you right yes this is the mick biggest
reason why so calling her this is not
colin trevorrow but so contract rose the
directors that made drastic world and
before then he made an indie sci-fi zone
right okay both relatively good movies
his newest movie got panned by critics
like crazies like at 20 percent on
Rotten Tomatoes you want headlines like
this and you know he's always played it
for the next hour so Mosher the director
so now they're saying should Star Wars
fans be worried about painful book and
Henry reviewed and this video just went
in and said like a whole bunch of what
am I really ready to go Henry so it's
like a drama thriller movie about a boy
genius that discovers that his next-door
neighbor is this girl the love interest
of this kid is being like molested or
something by off by her stepfather or
whatever so she he wants to go
single-handedly
down but that guy happens to be the the
police commissioner
oh please also like the guy that I knew
there was a catch somewhere yeah and so
what was that bad about the movie well
they're saying it's based off a really
good book but they're saying the movie
is just really far from great book yeah
they're racing into him now a lot of
people on social media are questioning
like should even have a starburst if
you're gonna lose the Star Wars game
maybe we should get the Star Wars good
maybe we should I don't know Chewie
I find it oh yeah sure there's actually
a JK Star Wars video and is with the
mother and it did it did awesome Chola
daughter yeah you guys later
yeah be awesome let's do it JK powers
will be so fucking crazy I time to get
into the party
are you gravida salsa does Jesse how
much what dad won oh it's barking ready
yeah ha ha ha okay let me tell you a
little freaks of nature we got so many
boxes we gotta open while you guys
barking for catch you guys know you have
a book of insane sense of smell where
you can see the difference on anything
oh yeah the edge whoops wait what the
lights not turn on chef is you're
pressing a light that turns on up there
yeah look at that our beautiful carpet
it's all talked over yeah no no no I
don't look look at that see look at that
issue what what right there
how dare you complain you're talking
about doing with no see at all that's
how clean it is here and then they also
laid out by belt front we got to get
this place cleaned sooner than later I
think ha ha yeah it's really hot today
see on baby
oh my god tomato juice we change their
9ed I did it you don't believe me you
did it was 75 I know what I changed this
everything I know I told me you know you
know what I don't know why no no no why
no well when you go are you calling I
don't know so could you are you gonna
wash that yeah my fans know can you
watch him for me please big you know
you're welcome thank you mama can you
please wash it you know wash it I don't
know it'll make the watching me aim I
don't want to work the washing machine
yeah yeah you do here I'll help you take
the bag upstairs and wash for me
ha ha ha being
oh my god - ooh with this tomorrow you
can be me no sure you gotta wash it are
you serious
you tell our over here oh let's play in
the dark
god damn it me love come on you will
come in come here come inside we didn't
call you your name that meet will be
Hall B little come here I'm here and you
watch this for me here watch it for me
thank you
good boy oh oh my god come here we go
come here come on come on come on come
on
good boy I know how are you promise
you're not gonna like promise you're
going to make me watch one thing yes I
promise I'm not behind I'm gonna wash it
then I can't believe I have to wash this
exactly that's all I bought it I don't
need to learn how to use it
you might who bought it dad Levi that's
really buddy hi everything we own is
fucking 50/50 everything everything yeah
but I look like a wash it yeah what do
you mean just freakin do it for me
alright so remember when I bought these
really cool washes for a really good
deal
well I forgot how to use it because Jill
is mom helps us with the laundry which
is awesome because I used to do on the
whole time but no really
good cause doing laundry soon as we got
to get it what do that
that's the whole point are you kidding
me why don't you go entertain while I
was doing here to girlfriend Papa what I
don't have any more to drink it are you
serious yeah super serious maybe if you
just wash it in water
what what about down there fabric
softener Oh Baroness oh I know where
everything is she doesn't know where
anything is graduation yes walk remain
what it you can't repeat it do it how am
i doing it because you're a good wife
I'm not it do you want to get the best
wife of water don't get the worst wife
award like award can you give me a human
human the only one that 3 years and over
already
Oh gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme
gimme a little trick that you know that
I hate watching that afterwards yeah is
I just do this what do you do
started there you part no I did anything
okay okay your fire hold this would be
hope fuck the windows open yeah they're
gonna stick me up domestic packages
no way you know why I have to flip it
inside out because hey little buddy
opening with this tomorrow
well you're sitting on my seat dude why
do you have to Phineas look miss miss no
room we really know not explain
something but look at this I want to
explain it anymore thank us nice lady
come on our chairs are tell me personal
thing if you could have to fill in like
that tomorrow and it leaves fuzzy and
all over the clothes yeah so we have to
watch all the fuzzies off brand new big
duh so easy power wash of course we wait
with normal quarter normal normal yeah
that's way faster order cold wash there
that's longer
soil Oh
what to hold it for five seconds it says
there they're bouncy did it all of
myself no help
oh cool and you never need me to help
you no okay no good damn it you're still
here
beat his ass oh I just ate dinner but
I'm still hungry I shall not hungry I'm
just fat I want something sweet in my
mouth so I'm gonna eat some cereal
fuckin loves there like crazy and I just
bought cinnamon toast crunch so I think
not I think I know that's exactly what
you you big fatty fine I'll make you one
welcome yeah I don't know what it is
something about cereal it's got to be
drugs in or something but I love it we
just finished eating dinner
hahaha me do you guys do then how'd you
know they're bobbing for you I know
you're not I know you're a big fish busy
oh alright guys I have a confession to
make what is it
I'm not really pregnant I just got
really fat
god damn you got fat that's fucking fat
as shit if you want to throw up you mean
I see big Billy just so crazy the whole
boy kidding me don't fuck around with me
fuck you back bullshit you know more
what the hell bit of bullshit more
because I charge you to visit or the
sooner I can catch some lucky vine
good time to get the milk and so this is
how we're going to end our day gonna
enlarge a is uh eat some cereal drink
some milk and then watch some TV at
Bayer theaters see you guys tomorrow
oh fuck you took on my sister Luther
