what up guys today we're doing something
a little bit different we are playing JK
party at an elementary school because I
think we have three games
what no I know it's like can we next to
children mmm hey oh my god both kids
stop it
you're the one I brought it up yeah so
right here because we're gonna play JK
party what you can't do that for
pregnant you're freaking baby's gonna
fall out you get in it you all right we
go there you go like this I remember was
so hard it's not hard I know
and then you doesn't hurt your belly huh
welcome every time I Drive over speed
bumps your car and stuff and then you
have to like I'll go every time I Drive
over speaker I'm sure crying it's like a
impact that I'm not expecting
oh yeah like this and you have to know
like me it's like pick it up what you
know what that actually is people don't
even know but I need something
no it's gang-affiliated TGI co-op
watching this go first
they don't even know but no to teaching
cute Oh is your hair uh getting
assistance didn't see TJ how you learned
teaching kids bad things they can all
teaching the history of hopscotch Oh
teaching close out games it's not very
it's not very a kid-friendly so back to
I was saying for playing Jake a party
here we have three games are playing one
is going to be three on three basketball
because apparently there's basketball
beef between me and Josh we're going to
do a tug-of-war and then what's the
third one
apparently it's true you guys are always
talking shit it's many hands talking
shit to you because he thinks he's
better than you he's like I got this I
could do this I so it's double or then
it's dizzy waiters then it's basketball
then it's hey then it's our fault
what's that one where you throw shit Oh
dodgeball police water burn oh nice Oh
sounds fun
guys did it fun
kind of jealous that I can't play with
you good why don't you play basketball I
do not want flying objects just so hard
hitting me in the what's just repeating
so we're getting ready for the first
game
I haven't played basketball a long time
and I'm really stiff like I start
stretching oh it feels good oh oh and
then they said that we're going to play
a practice game and I'm like what this
is not the real game because I'm gonna
freaking be tired after the practice
game I don't think they don't I don't
think they know how little cardio
appositive just have or at least me
almost feels really good I should we do
this every morning actually across my
legs and I'm not doing the hamstring
stretch oh yeah oh that's good oh can we
do the stretching challenge where we
just stretch for like an hour
awesome good ahh this is actually really
cool I never thought that JK party would
be able to leave the set because we have
so many things that we need to have like
five cameras a ton of sound equipment or
even this guy there's like that furry on
there those mics have to runs down but
they're able to set everything up where
there's a boom to get the game even
brought the sound board this is pretty
cool
is there any challenges kind of setting
us down outdoors versus adverse debt no
much the same I can we just need a
outlet with it yeah challenge yeah oh
wait that's pretty cool we bought these
little furry things I recalled their
penis yeah nothing oh yes but what it is
is it's just a dead cat
yeah it just wore bear penis the wind
from happening so we're good
that's awesome we'll find out I guess it
has a laptop like at outdoor office yeah
this is pretty cool I wish you guys
found some shade yeah so this is my
arch-nemesis oh my is the reason I live
with a man basketball today I've been
waiting for this for so long even though
there's so much shit I've been on right
now yet if you have shit you propel
every time I reach I miss it every time
when I come in to the office you just
ask me oh you want to go play basketball
you get your ass what you did yeah yeah
you'll giggly put now it oh it's our job
get smashed so hard today
I should have known you might smash me
because I haven't put a bathroom or long
time and he plays on weekly basis
alright case what are you discussing so
I'm trying to figure out which other the
cam up no basketball yeah he's not
afraid of height and we've got the
steadiest hands so uh sign them properly
and all those are three different
positions there's five cameras to use
and I need to figure out all five cam up
in terms of uh what is what your device
have to do with anything well one is
that that I had I mean I I don't know
maybe you know dated it are the owner
ladders of yeah are getting that you
know a bird dies nineteen bird's-eye
view but like one of that fast with the
top down profile so where are you
assigning then
shocking me on top of the ladder with
whose action man
I don't know put the coin and I might as
well flip the coin
I don't know Patrick let's have you in
the backcourt and then use you and
Antoine will be in the front for
analysis and yeah so we just played our
practice game and then we smashed on
Josh's team like crazy it was like there
was like that bullshit I was like 15 I
was on bullshit already okay 50 points
to zero my Master's well you guys have
to watch this game because it'd be so
fun it's gonna be like an NBA theme
playing a preschool team you're the
preschool team right yeah yeah just out
of the womb right better watch out my
god I can't wait to see you this I can't
wait first we off already now shut up
here you go ahead
what do I owe you so right now it's
first shoot of the day and they're going
to do this country and festival so now
everything confession can is on sound
and Casey the camera oh my god you see
Brandon short that's so funny
just finished playing basketball the
game was really really good I almost
died because I'm a power lifter now and
my cardio cuts asked but if you guys
want to watch the game it turns out
awesome we did pretty good josh is
pretty good go on the JK party Channel
and I think now we're going to play the
next game whats the next game at Disney
later zone what is that we are playing
disney Waiters where you're gonna have
to spit on a bat pen crime oh god you
have to grab a tray of water and try to
make the other side without following
holy shit but good luck to you guys no
one has ever made it across we've game
tested this and it's not going to happen
so good luck to you guys thank you I
love how the JK party game testing is to
make sure that it's unpassable and then
once it's unpassable they're like yeah
have you guys are pretty much going to
fuck themselves they're ready to play so
get ready for that - okay looking over
here and this is the most ridiculous
thing in the world have you been blowing
that theme this whole time yeah how long
have you been blowing for are you
lightheaded
what did you feel normal hot so Calvin
so you do this on the regular he's
blowing balloons thank you baby
maybe for you to decide I have a baby
sister oh so you had a lot of practice
that's crazy
buddy up to mob repete no just kidding
did you watch the basketball game yeah
was it good
I liked how confident Joshua's when he
sucks really bad defense is really good
though I was on the block me it's not
his defense it's just as we've been
through big of us did he slow he doesn't
know how to read the ball but he talks
so much shit never said what's pop job
but he blocked me like so many times
one-on-one between Johnson Gio I want to
see a one-on-one game one-on-one josh vs
Gio what dude I'll smash you by myself
Robin mansion mediately most people that
react it's going to be this and then go
they're gonna go away from it are you
guys finding ways to jeopardize this
again hey flying are you try to find
loopholes get out of here know what's
going on code meeting okay fine fine
we're trying we're trying to get into
the head of bar and Joe what it is they
would really do so what do you mean you
can never know what we're gonna do you
know I don't even know what I'm gonna
decision we know you guys we're trying
to find it out okay planned or noisy
people y'all find in it our entire sorry
I don't do it on purpose I so you were
gonna try a little hole proof nickname
okay so that's why barn George's always
have to go first yeah you're going
laughs so what's the what's the plan
what do you do we come here and we walk
in a circle you come here you
handwritten ten times okay
and after you're dizzy as fuck you get a
tray of water bullshit are you gonna
fall okay gonna make it over here okay
put it down if you do you complete the
game
wait so you spin here and then you get
water and you walk back no no that's
just there for now cuz we don't have
anyone holding okay so dad we'll be over
here
I'll be over there yeah holy okay an
empty table and you gotta bring it all
the way across oh my god hi
I don't think I won't matter cuz you
guys shouldn't be able to make you yeah
I don't think you try to get the trailer
water to the other way up and try to get
the training water across onto the table
you got
weiter to play yeah I am let's do it
I used to be a waiter yeah
because me too
this is game number two your waiter all
right I got to reset the boom and Ken's
gotta reset the boom and that's all
breathe air like Bart said and I'm in
the shade so it's awesome because the
fucking Sun is hot and usually how I'm
exposing myself to the phone I could
like this a little bit yellow bit Bri
are still blowing
yes I'm insurance perfect okay yeah how
long I've been blowing up being for
gonna break there's no machine or like a
pump well everyone here but it didn't
work squirtle yeah you need a human the
human touch you know and a human blowing
can do the job it's handmade yeah
awesome
hand-blown hand blows okay so they are
prepping the water balloons for the next
game that is the first time I've ever
seen like a professional water balloon
loader it does it by itself which is
pretty don't I have a see - yeah what
are you doing all your testing it oh
just a good decibels game we're gonna
get one yeah that thing is heavy huh so
it's still talking yeah drop like a baby
into the water and done whoa I know I
wish I had this when we were growing up
yeah I want to see that in action me too
yeah a hundred hundred in 60 seconds wow
that's amazing
are you guys going to turn it on I want
to see it go yeah again why do a
different color yeah we're the third
pack is really water
I swear on the theme all the grinding
are they ooh Dan's like hatching eggs
oh yeah oh that's cool holy shit
man I wish I did have you're getting up
to two pop oh cool
how does it know when to drop yeah Wow
damn genius a hundred balloon at a time
well how many degrees are 50 all 50 yeah
that's pretty freakin cool wow I could
hear them growing the blubber is just
like touching each other
you look like giant pomegranate see oh
yeah oh there they are
damn whoo Danah dick a little satisfying
you can be didn't it that's high this is
so funny so it's really really hot today
but to keep the cameras nice and cool
all the camera people have put towels
over the camera and over the head even
this ice it
so we're about to do the water balloon
dodgeball and this is a little bit
different where you can't just load up
on unlimited ammo you have to have all
the water balloons here and you have to
run in grab it and then go back to pass
these cones to start throwing same thing
over here so that way as you're going to
reload you have to risk your life you
have to risk your life to reload you
can't just have unlimited water balloons
pretty dope it's almost unlimited and
would you like to see how many water
balloons we have yeah there we go well
you have to risk your life to reload
though look at that Oh
unlimited Amero you get yeah but you
have to risk your life to reload I think
you can get as many as you guys can yeah
but you have to risk your life still
yeah cuz as you're going to grab it
someone could tag you yeah I thought
you're gonna put the cones in the middle
and then one cot in the other side
oh we were going to put three buckets
here but because one bucket didn't come
pop low so always dangerous in the
conversation you just shut up I won't
beat you
God dang I would love to do that but we
knew and I both know that's not going to
happen okay we just finished our last JK
party game I am completely wet and I'm
not going to tell you why but a lot of
us got bucked up so you have to watch
our tug-of-war video we put a twist on
it was pretty pretty fun Blee is all
muddy and I'm not going to tell you why
either
this is rinsing off but long story short
we have to play this game and we have to
go in this freaking mud right here
we're in the middle of a baseball field
so yeah our day is wrapped our finished
filming it was really really fun and it
felt really good to just be wet in this
hot hot summer day so I like being a
kidding it but now it's time to wrap up
pack up and go home
