hey what's up guys good morning
no I'm just kidding it's actually not a
good morning it's actually a great day
because of 34:20 um woke up went to the
gym had a bunch of meetings then got to
got to come home early which was really
nice and I've just been so exhausted I
don't know what it is that makes me so
I'm so stupid this is what makes me
freakin exhausted
this little baby yeah I came home and I
could barely keep my eyes open so it was
just like I am gonna take a nap and yes
for those of you that are noticed I got
a new phone it's the same seven series
but we were with on Sprint before and
the service was so bad in our area so we
switched over to AT&T and that was the
perfect opportunity for me to get the
seven plus five good morning um that's
kinda cool and I just got a white one
with pink I've been like in a really
pink save these days I'll start looking
at a black phone it's the first time
I've had a white one so it's pretty cool
and I got a cute little Kate Spade arm
Kate Spade case which I think it's
really really cute especially because
you little gemstones take it to that so
a Venus pink and sparkly
come on scent oh there we go hey that's
pink and sparkly like you got me you got
me um yeah just woke up from a now
nobody's home
Bart's the left office and um I'm just
going to get some more work done but I
feel like working outside I'm constantly
indoors so I think it's really good for
me to just be outdoors get some vitamin
D solo and smell some fresh la fucking
small gear so that's gonna be awesome
and with other dogs meatloaf fine pretty
oh there they are
yeah so I'll take them outside we'll all
hang out for a little bit and yeah I
just ordered some toast nice I'm going
to wait for that that's completely 40
minutes the count way before I go
outside though I want to make sure that
I get enough water cause I've just been
really thirsty these days I've been a
lot of things these days what the fuck
is happening to my body um no but
seriously I'm going to be outside a
little bit so I want to make sure I have
water and I've been on like this like
Perrier Perry our crazy um here's my
fridge but so I've been on with this
crazy flavored Perry air water which is
just flavored on sparkling mineral water
and I think I got into it since I can't
have a lot of sodas because of the
amount of caffeine that they have like
yeah pregnant moms can have caffeine but
I just chose to stay away from it all
together just because I don't want it I
don't know I just figured if you're have
at least supposed to and it's not
natural like why do it so I just decided
to stay away from it and I bought this
plastic cup from Starbucks and it's
really cool because it's like double
layered plastic so there's like another
if you see the bottom there's like
another couple names and I really like
it because um you know when you put ice
and um a beverage and it gets cold so it
creates condensation and then it starts
getting wet on the outside well because
there's that double layer of plastic I
really enjoyed this particular cup and I
don't know if any of you guys go through
this too but I need to have my beverages
with lids because if it sits there for
too long I don't know if you guys pay
attention ever and if you did it before
and now I'm about through in it
turn away right now so I'm going to ruin
beverages for you guys because I'm just
a little bitch and I notice the weirdest
things but I don't like leaving a cup
like this out in the open um for a bunch
of like dust and skin flakes and dog
hair and whatever else is floating in
the air
I don't like that landing in my beverage
so if it's out there for too long I'm
like fuck I can't drink it anymore
because of this phobia that I could have
that I'm going to be drinking some shit
that I don't want to be drinking so I
love that it came up the cover because
I'll cover it and then I'll just leave
this - like by my nightstand next to my
bed when I sleep - so that I can have
clean water
I mean how clean am I really have you I
don't know which is like that I'll see
floaties shit in there
I'm really happy so I'm going to hook it
up
whoops so I'm going to hook this up get
me some ice and we're going to rock the
role outside how you're supposed to eat
that hem this weekend that's it wow wow
what a mess get some more you up y'all
give me the terry hour and a sock
barrier what the heck open it
back
ahh are you kidding me keep it now
got it
got it yeah that's awesome imagine is
like all this caffeine in here I'm like
walk I can fuck it out this whole time
no there's no copy
let me ensure prevention of dead skin
and dog dander and anything else that
will be floating outside of trying to
attack me we're ready to rock the world
let's go outside
so my post mates just got here and I
ordered a lot of food for two reasons
one um my mom should be coming back so I
want her to have something to eat and
two is I don't really plan on leaving my
house for the rest of the day so I'm
just going to try to make this last as
long as possible but I think I did a
good job I got some fish in black bean
sauce I got some decent broccoli I got
some orange chicken and then I got some
tofu with veggies in some like black
bean sauce and then here's a lot plate
all hooked up
damn this baby is not there's no way to
save he's not going to know that they're
freaking half Chinese because I'm
introducing them to all the shit rotten
I out we're doing a lot of Chinese and
weaving a lot of Taiwanese food so baby
this for you in the future you better
eat your kids you better everything on
your plate I'm gonna smack you yes
I'm Aneta wait this looks way more
presentable but it also looks so lonely
nobody's here day with me you want to
them up food you don't want to eat with
me just want to eat my food well he just
wants to eat his ankle there's me she
just wants to go to sleep
Thank You boogies for paying attention
to me because you think I'm gonna give
you food by miles and give you food okay
imma eat now and it's a to sit or lay
down
okay-y all right I don't know what I'm
about to do but I really want to do it
remember that Perry air-water minute
watermelon flavored waters I'm going to
couple that with 7up which is also let
me show you here caffeine free if you
guys didn't know look at that
I'm just going to do it do it it tastes
like it could be really a good idea or a
really fucking bad idea get mixing
already back there down there oh man
let's see what I did there we go the
taste test it's not bad but I'm confused
because the caffeination in 7up is
smooth and then the caffeination not
caffeination carbonation let the
carbonation in mineral water is very
harsh so it's very confusing but I don't
hate it
I need friends speaking up Fred Riggi
speaking up friends why are you so happy
why are you so happy Oh Papa's home hi
papa
hi summarize how did you think it was
good you were table so cuny he picked up
some sushi or some little bit sashimi to
be specific and he brought me something
very cute knee nuts especially me
because I can't have it but he brought
me some really awesome Jam yeah uh it's
a little Japanese store so they always
have like little cool Japanese and
Japanese Hawaiian stuff so I got myself
some extra protein to go along with my
meals like no protein no no gari
extra I already have my meal prep so I
probably won my going to leave maybe
I'll eat either this or that what should
I eat today should have pasta
what should I do with one of these guys
what are these got to tell you one of
these guys I can dress I have that and
then how much protein is in here 60
grams of protein holy shit that's a lot
yeah it's not this and then my grad
likes oatmeal we ran out of honey and
love if I found these guys a little
hawaiian-themed Oh cuz I Drossel why and
I love early Quinn and love guava is
like a little small little teaspoon yeah
it's an oatmeal
thank you fight is really yummy or if
mama wants to just put a young friend
yeah I have tough Rhonda I'm down I'm
doing it or small I just want to stick a
spoon in there just like an ice cream
you freaking stuff if you want to taste
one of my concoction what I think I got
a little too creative all the AC done
yes okay just take a small little sip I
will try and be creative and it came out
weird
what's prettier what is this ha ha ha
what was it it's a Perrier
watermelon flavor with 7up oh that's
pretty good
nah ha ha really yeah it's really good
because the Perrier I think lacks some
sweetener and the 7up just went up the
pop if you want what sprite you would
mess it up Oh cuz Brite is very powerful
7up has that nice cool name it's a
little chitchat like a little Katy Perry
yes definitely a Katy Perry he's ever
looking back ok
enjoy your dinner I'll leave you alone
I'm good actually after the train right
now
oh-whee training I'm losing where you
guys do my cardio oh I know but that's
what I want to know cardio that's what
your tune yeah I gotta do my cardio
mother wow factor that affects Jennifer
Grizzlies
oh you
question cuz yeah of course it's like
Bruce Lee I'm that handsome that fat
that athletic that rip yeah or a B laces
in the same Asia I'm being racist don't
get so close to me there any hit me for
real
oh well Thomas watched much hot sauce I
get I'm not watching anyway I'll put
right here oh no no here watch my fine
then hold on let me hold it the milder
Steady Go
Wow was that good
I don't know I was too scared explain
right yeah watch Wow actors they don't
like it stop it dead we don't like it
fine go train you little team evil
always in a small corner he's a sadist
world though saddest up in the world in
bozo
okay change in train see you later
what are you doing I'm trying to find
the spot in this Bruce Lee documentary
and we left off one finishing
why are you liking Bruce Lee because you
only almost one of the baddest men alive
because why well I mean first of all
it's Chinese oh yeah you already know
like how badass Chinese people are in a
second his name starts with the B so
it's all you're like that I don't know
how much more badass is so much shit so
comfortably I'm gonna talk any shit we
taught you about like you let them talk
any shit what inspired this Bruce Lee ah
move oh because we're working on our
movie and we're really good yeah just
slip in that shit
good job fun we'll wait for you dude you
ready
fine you ready this home fun thirsty
sorry I scared you okay what we think
that we'll work it on martial arts for a
movie yes and so I started looking back
into martial arts and I have to learn
some parts and stuff I just got
interested in history and there's just
so much more information out there now
about Bruce Lee that I always just
started getting into it I'm what now
this guy's a badass
we'll make sure no family a one I think
he is the first martial artist which is
the Eastern art to start incorporating a
Western like strength and conditioning
training so what made him so amazing as
a fighter is that he didn't just train
he didn't just train as a martial artist
he trained also as an athlete you know
and I think that's why it's so different
it's almost like comparing a basketball
player of today who are pretty jacked
for
people who are just good at that well
now you have kids are good at basketball
that are also amazing athletes with
crazy verticals and crazy sprint and
strong muscles like LeBron James so you
was like way ahead of his time like he
was are do curling doing snatches clean
and jerks stuff like that CUNY no fine
he did the Jeet Kune Do Right yeah that
was the art that he invented CUNY fine
wash Oh even got fun out of her seat
yeah so I think we're just gonna lay
here um watch a little bit TV it was
pretty chill day was it a chill day for
you Oh Virgil well I mean it was a chill
day for me only because I got to work
from home even though the workload still
the same and I didn't have to be in so
many meetings today uh-huh but yeah I
think we're just going to end our night
watching a movie Wow
so I'm going to freaking rub through
this shirt you know crazy thing is some
twenty weeks pregnant and then from the
average person um this is myself
included before I got pregnant nobody
talks about weeks right no one's like oh
yeah this many weeks in on whatever
right
these are you talking months like Oh
half a month or whatever so when I did
when people asked me how far along I am
if they're not used to baby talk or had
like baby knowledge then I I won't tell
them weeks because it's just harder to
calculate that way I just tell them in
months so then someone asked me and then
I converted twenty-eight what's gonna
convert we ever go I forgot the mask
obviously um and then I did the math and
I was like oh yeah yeah though I just
amazed I did the math and I was like oh
shit I'm seven months pregnant like that
is fucking crazy babe I've been pregnant
for half a year that is pretty crazy for
half a year that is pretty crazy that
and then it's also crazy that in two
months our life changes forever and we
can never change it back just all minute
rash can you cover the top with like hey
any clothes a lit weather how do you get
hey for I wouldn't even know where to
get hands if you go to the hay store hay
store calm make a left on Lincoln the
next to Staples and then you make a
right on a chamomile Street like the
teeth yeah yeah so that's the belly
right there that's the baby alive and
kicking
but yeah we're just gonna lay out and
call it a night
any last words Bubba he's already
sleeping well thank you guys so much for
spending the day with me we had a lot of
a lot of experimenting that we did today
but yeah thank you so much and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
