good morning today is a beautiful day
for me and probably for Paula I think I
just confidently answer that so today we
get to visit our baby we have another
doctor's appointment usually I have a
doctor's appointment once a month just
to check on development or do different
types of tests or make sure you know the
you know the baby's still healthy and
happy and everything's going good and on
track but today I believe I'm going to
do a diabetes stuff to make sure that my
pancreas is producing and filtering um
properly just for myself and my baby
because I'm my body's working double
because I'm doing some of the work for
two humans which is pretty freakin
magnificent if you ask me but it's
pretty magnificent I hope you don't have
diabetes because I never really mean
that it does run in the family during
pregnancy and my mom um I just had it
yeah but you're also more fit and even
training and exercising throughout the
entire pregnancy so I'm thinking you
won't have it and I've been seeing watch
your diet which is a little bit more how
conscious and probably what your mom
would do you know back in the day it was
just kind of like hearsay what your
drama teaches you and what your on
teaching yeah but these days like
there's a lot of science and a lot of
our friends aren't in it they know a lot
so we get really good information
hopefully your diabetes ringing yes
same I I'm kind of worried just because
of my
industry but then I'm also not worried
just because of parts and all the above
things I mentioned but um I mean you
never know so I always kind of how about
the back of my mind but anytime I get to
visit my baby and see them I'm just like
oh hi there you are I feel you moving
all of it a really cool thing that's
been happening are then do you mean him
or her or twins because everyone thinks
I'm writing twins really what because I
keep saying them oh yeah I am just
trying to keep it as ambiguous as
possible so I'm going to keep it as them
are we still going to do a gender reveal
video I am I've been wanting to do it
it's not plan it out it's just a
planning with everyone that's really
really hard workers ah but what I was
going to say is the really cute thing
that's happening right now inside of my
body is of course I can feel this data
move in like crazy
all the time I feel them moving the
kicks are getting harder the punches are
getting harder the stretchy like I feel
everything and it's the baby is getting
stronger for sure um but the second
thing that I'm for them that I find it's
really really really really fucking cute
I'd even know this happened until I got
pregnant is the fact that I could feel
hiccups
let me just feel like look it and I feel
a bunch of freakin Hill cuts happening
and I was asking tips because she's a
mom of a 10 year old kid and she's like
yeah Isaac would have hiccups and
sometimes it would be for all day yeah
so um I don't know how I feel about all
day because it's just a CUNY little
tickle but yeah that's just kind of
what's been happening so old I all day
okay but we're on our way to the doctor
don't yell something hard it doesn't do
you like that I heard it tastes like
kind of like orange touch what is that
thing it's this glucose drink you have
five minutes to drink it just chug it
really touching it yeah just drink the
whole thing
yeah holy guacamole okay and then I'm
going to give them a lot of slip and an
hour they're going to call you to get
your bullet shot oh so I just have to
hang out for a minute
oh my goodness you finished drinking
this if I'm not in the room with you
just come on let me know so I can mark
down your time I'll call you exactly one
hour later and then we'll draw your
blood okay okay i'ma leave it here for
you I gotta catch up idols in this
little clip okay should I need to tell
my son thank you code that'd be great
guy
are you feeling okay yes I hope that you
have any concerns anything
122 or 78 very good
hey Emily all with that Oh bridge every
car PPI then just go is bump all right
now this is the doesn't say you're 27
almost 28 weeks ago a lot of movement
yes a time where are you feeling the
most I don't know everywhere gasps
really is everywhere
okay I think I even feel like you go
really place my practice hard oh yeah
so about 152 it is right where we wanted
awesome yeah
let me clean you up really quick okay so
I have to chug this in five minutes
um I think I can do anything I can do it
maybe like a few maybe a minute okay I'm
good in a minute so I've heard from
other moms pregnant moms with this tech
shit but then I come here like now just
really good so tastes really good I
don't know I never heard anyone say it
is true though I'm just gonna chug it
not try to tape yeah just take it back
to the college days it needs to turn all
kinda stuff I never had those cars to
hang over all right ready yeah okay here
we go
how does it taste ah thank you I shall
call to give me a cool bottle oh how
does it taste now that at all really
well no it seems like Laurens crush why
so because it is really good yeah that's
awesome I just froze my teeth it is so
cold yeah JJ has it ready dan you down
to like a fucking pro you sure you
didn't do that stuff in college buddy
done just wrapped up our doctor's
appointment unfortunately we couldn't
continue to film there just because we
kind of got into trouble they just said
that you know per hospital policy you
know not everyone feels comfortable
being in front of the camera which I
totally understand so we can't film
inside there anymore but with all that
being said everything is right on track
I am healthy the baby's healthy my
doctor gave me some really comforting
news because I was just freaking out
like do I want to now Roberto on
epidural like there's so much
information thrown at you or at new moms
that you're just like I don't know how I
wanted this my baby what if they do it
the wrong way what if I you know give
him the too many drugs and they come on
they're all drugs or whatever um but
what he said was on their primary goal
is to have you have a natural birth and
that doesn't mean like have it in a
bathtub in that sort of natural it just
means like without any type of
medication to help you through the whole
thing like yeah if you need an epidural
you know he even said like I'm gonna
tell you to just hold out for as long as
you can which I thought was really cool
um because it now I feel like it's not
like I'm not just a cash cow for them
like I'm not just there to make them
more money the more shit that they start
giving me so that was really cool to
hear they did take a lot of blood out
just so that they can do the diabetes
doesn't and I'll find out if I have it
or not in about 200 week and a half or
something she said so that was pretty
cool were your thoughts since you're
learning alongside me
um one thing I like that the doctor said
was that um if the baby's moving
oh yeah doing a great job as a mom
because you want the baby to be moving
and be energetic they're already
learning they're learning their body and
I think doctor was saying that so many
Mon states and what the baby is punching
the mom or kicking and they're angry and
Rupa's are not such as babies being
babies so the more that the baby is
being a baby and moving around
constantly I mean the babies is already
starting to learn how to work out and
run and walk in the womb so I'm like I
saw some others doing a great job
hey mama where the baby feels
comfortable and I'm sorry start learning
their own body yay I know that was so
unexpected because I the first thing
gets is like how's the baby and like oh
my god it's moving a lot and then we
talked for you know told me a bunch of
information and then towards the end of
that conversation those oh by the way
the more your baby moves that means the
more energy it has us because you're
doing a great job by feeding the baby by
you know staying active by working out
one thing that again I know I always say
every single time as my doctor but she
says keep squatting that's the best
thing that's going to help you while
you're in labor he says you know if you
continue to watch stretch you know
staying active you might not even need
the epidural at all they're listening
that people that's
on I continuously rigorously exercise
there are the ones that actually feel
the least amount of pain and those are
the ones that have the highest
percentages of not needing another girl
committee may just have control over
their own body but he wasn't saying like
if you haven't worked out all of a
sudden you're pregnant and now it'll max
out and I don't think that you develop
like six months to a year before you get
your fitness level up then when you have
a baby you're able to continue those
things yeah so if you're planning on
making a baby or you're currently
pregnant
hey active that's so important that was
really comforting to hear but now we are
off to the office but first I gotta get
food signs so I couldn't eat anything
because I had to take this buco stuff so
now I'm just I want to eat anywhere like
give me anything put it in my mouth
don't be dirty
