good morning everyone just taking the
pup-pups out for a little walk because
um they're gonna be home all day today
we shoot JK news and when we're shooting
take a knee that's usually like a 10:00
a.m. all the way to 10:00 p.m. T and so
on the office that we shoot it at we're
not allowed to bring dogs there so we
can't really put in them with us so we
have to leave them home all day but
Jill's mom my mother-in-law is really
nice and she comes in like every couple
of hours to check up on them and play
with them and bring them outside so they
can relax in the Sun and stuff so that's
not too bad but I still feel bad cuz
they're just cooped up all day and you
know these guys are a little animals so
they need exercise and they like to run
around snit feel the Sun and the air so
I'm just walking them a little bit more
just so that they can get all that
pent-up energy out because I know how
that feels
you know as a kid like you just want to
go outside and play and then you can and
you have all this energy and you start
acting up inside the house and it's you
don't even know that you're acting up
inside the house you just feel your
parents start screaming at you and I
feel like that's how these guys are look
at them they're just sniffing away
slipping away in the grass what do you
guys see you see me look absolutely
nothing you guys freaking smell and hear
and see things I can't see that's for
sure what do you see over there now
nothing
what do you see bricky smelling for a
place to poop cuz that you guys are
doing oh you guys see the little sheep
over there that's what you see Meat
Loaf's favorite snack Sheba's little
Sheba right there okay all of a sudden
you guys don't care about the grass or
walking you just see the mister Sheba
just all you guys want to do it now well
keep smiling and pooing come on this is
what this grass is for look how excited
they get stop looking okay this is now I
got a now that turn the camera and turn
it off so that I can control these guys
before these guys turn into little
maniacs
so the reason why I have to control them
and pull them away from the leash when
dogs are facing each other they get very
confrontational and that's how fight
starts or that's how like a bad memory
is implanted in the dog's brain so as
soon as two dogs are meeting in the
confrontational manner you want to snap
it out of it and all three of our dogs
looking at - Ebola who the hell are you
so reading the body language I had to
make sure that faiths aren't like that
so nothing bad ever happens they're
neighbors he does a good - senses want
to protect me I know I know another nice
one or not that's good
see that's the body language you want to
see Barney and me love the relaxed but
still alert Brianna what the hell's you
doing Ricky what are you thinking about
about butter okay I realized I haven't
shown you guys the rs7 and the daytime
in too bad it's a little bit gloomy or
else you could see on the car and it's
full glory all shiny and stuff but still
looks really nice so here it is this is
the Nardo gray in daytime this is what
it looks like one of my favorite
features is the carbon fiber trim so I
got really really lucky
a guy that I bought this car from she
was actually the owner of the
dealerships brother so if you're the
owner of Audy dealership I'm assuming
you know your shit cuz you own the
dealership and you have really really
high tastes and you probably reserved
the best car for your brother and your
brother is in the family and probably a
similar taste so he got literally the
highest trim of our s7 and it has like
the fold up side mirrors with the carbon
fiber the 21 inch wheels instead of the
20 inch wheels and this car is
straight-up immaculate watch an
interesting opens just by you touching
it I am uneven use my key and look at
the interior
the honeycomb seats it looks brand
spanking new I can't believe this is a
three-year-old car this is 2014 and the
company miles on their 13,000 I think I
have more miles on my truck and the
Beemer and the Porsche
than I do on this car and those are way
newer this is almost four year old car
because 2014 comes out of 2013 so I was
just amazed at how well this guy took
care of it like there's no grease on the
headrest there's barely any we're just
like here so you know that he did drive
it but it's incredible and then in here
there's more carbon fiber trim which I
love it add to the sportiness of it the
main theme that I really like about this
car is it's such an awesome and
beautiful juxtaposition between a classy
sedan like something you would see
people showing up in a tuxedo going to a
business meeting and that married to a
fucking beast of a machine this thing is
a v8 twin turbo with 550 horsepower it
is a maniac but this is how you start
the car tuned through start button yeah
watch this you're you know you get your
life is not cool so it's okay papa and
the sound system itself is quite hectic
so it comes with all the highest sound
system it comes with the Bang & Olufsen
so it goes regular Bose Bang & Olufsen
Bang Olsen as I got five or six G
upgrade they said Marvel you want to
drive it today oh no put an open here
why'd she check it out look how big the
chunky momma potato in didn't seem like
it's pretty much similar size it's
really big
no it's bigger I know that's pretty bad
right I know but well let's I get rid of
the Porsche they're gonna be like oh
gosh guys not as cool at that time no
but I really like these two cars the
Silverado and then once I'm done yeah
once I'm done fixing this bad boy up up
I put black wheels lower it a little bit
get a little tint
okay if you include you know a lot of
guys stigma that girls can't drive very
well or they're not aggressive enough or
whatever they can't handle like a very
odd
beastly muscly car but I have my car
cause when she's a really great driver I
braced her before and she's really good
but I need the keys me all the team the
keys in here now okay or the trunk open
he's not recognized hold the key against
the marked area where's the market area
it'll well just start a little where's
the marked areas open it and then close
the bar and the hook up and then don't
press it anymore
people where's the marked areas backs of
the key with the marked area I'll figure
this out together good time this is way
too high what is the Mauretania and it
just turned on after habits with
technology there's too much technology
in this car it was like fucking should
we just go outside let's go inside and
start all over
all right technical difficulties guys
okay lock it open it okay
I'm not even go inside yet until she
starts it there we go
that's that'd be a right there
all right now we're rolling passenger
airbag on and put the seat thought on
break
you're gonna break you want to see you
David
I'm plate Haley okay all of you guys I
don't know I want to get David's
reaction we like one this one wow thank
you
what's this that's like a heads-up
display that's crazy
yo how much work sir oh I gotta 2014 is
used this is the old one yes it's
fucking if I look brand on it huh it's
brand new
alright bought it yeah financed it yeah
yeah so I was gonna lease it and then
when I went to go check out the I was
going to lease the a7 and when I went to
go check out this inside when I went to
go check out the the a7 I saw the r7 and
I fell in love with the rs7 and I was
like I gotta get the r7 cause I fucked
the least I'm just gonna find a use won
the car and a color really mad yeah
recently rose openness 2014 car
yeah it looks fucking Brandi a look
inside they did a really good job yeah
it's actually taken better better taken
care of than my other cars it's
automatic is it uh what is it automatic
automatic yeah this thing is way faster
than a Porsche later this is actually uh
NV f v8 twin turbo wolf winter ball
today this guy is actually faster than a
Lambo and a Ferrari if we go for a ride
later you'll shit your pants I've never
been scared in a car before until I
drove it don't be scared dude you know
what their scent is what I really like
the ad
the paint Aude clear colors dope cuz
usually I just buy straight black yeah
you know II mean yeah but this was an
excellent choice you know what you know
what the interesting thing is this is my
dad car I'm trading in to push for this
it is not a dad car for sure it is to
put the baby seat in the back but I can
still go hella fast yeah just baby
females watch this baby see Mel there's
baby seamount right there yeah it's
really nice you should drive a later
fuckin crazy fast
if you floor it you have to put both
hands on the steering wheel because it
it feels like a riding a bowl are you
gonna get you gonna get new wheel yeah
I'm gonna get a new wheel so I wanna get
some black ones I don't know
I'm uh I'm doing the Chinese King and I
hit up people for sponsorships and I go
goes that Gucci Vossen wheels though oh
I feel happy I'm hitting them up do it
do it do it do it I think I think the
owner might be Asian for that those guys
yeah I head up a bunch I head up like
Boston hree who like a bunch of like pop
and we opened a baller dude you start
like cleansers are you 21
yeah I need to get a rich man kind of
like 13,000 yeah that's crazy going on
before you a cards four years old 13
pounds was just all city driven yes it's
the owners brother car oh so he probably
had the top picks of the time and all
that just sitting on it yeah that's
thank you
yeah the inside is newer than my car and
used and its new it they took better
care of it in my car imagine you get
that professionally detailed like every
week I got my uh I got my Porsche
professionally detailed like every three
months and I don't so I don't know how
is cleaner
how's the cleaner yeah it's crazy sick
thank you did you send the driver's seat
huh you like it David - I've elected do
wait uh uh wait till we go for a try you
stop buying shit because it no it's
cooked my lease is over it's time was
not only because done already on my
Porsche lease is over and do toggles my
fast dude I'm not spending money for the
sake of spending money it's because it's
time to spend money
why is my lease not over I got a chariot
eat yeah but this is cooler than my data
to year lease
that's why and I was gonna leased it
yeah I was going to lease it but I fell
in love with this one I'm like fucking I
couldn't afford a brand-new r7 well I
could but I wouldn't be responsible to
have a kid coming so I was like well if
I have to have r7 I start looking for
use ones you're like cool level went up
the roof feeling because the Porsche was
cool yeah but it still it's just a
Portuguese just the Porsche - fuck you I
know but Porsches to me don't know don't
impress me okay maybe it's just because
like I like the engineering and styling
of r7o
put a lot of attention to detail to it
did you know I mean I know it's not a
Porsche but look at it do it in the
futuristic like you walk out a fucking
music playing shit then turn in it you
know it's crazy if you are if you hit
the start button
I don't know so well because of the key
are in here but the speakers here it
rises up to go dude listen II know I the
key after here time it's not much
that beam comes out the screen this is
super cute but Joe brought us puppies to
our old office today Sophie Sophie is
like the font of the Joe Pam Maddie
seemed oh man this will have a dick but
Sophie's like the font of the Joe family
washes she's gonna run away from me
Sophie Sophie okay hi baby every time
the camera comes on she wants to be a
Lulu you're a movie star Jessie come on
ah damn it come here she's super cute
though I love the little first in the
ears and a little pun sit Sophie sit
what a good dog Sookie good daughter
hey she's jealous yeah so please come on
me hmm okay fire you want some love we
just finished Jay King news about to do
our usual tradition go to Shinsengumi
get some dinner so I'll catch you guys
tomorrow
