I am counting down the days that I get
to drive this beaut man I'm going to
miss you I had so many fun memories
taking this guy up to 150 miles an hour
in a safe place of course and taking all
these twists and turns through the
mountains on the freeways this thing is
 beautiful but my lease is up and
start to turn in within a month and I'm
a dad now and as you can swallow this
thing is crazy small impact I mean it's
a race cars a bonafide race car so
everything's like really tight there's
no space for anything that's just for
you to drive in the car seat even hugs
your laps like really really well and
it's 7-speed manual so it's made to be
driven when you're taking turns it asks
you to go fast you literally I can see
why all kinds of celebrities died
driving this car because it just keeps
going faster faster faster and it just
feels more and more in control until the
point you lose control then you smashing
it
you uh you bust the Paul Walker too soon
but that's actually what happened so I
got to turn this guy in and I was
thinking about another lease Oh a lot of
you guys ask me what's the difference
between leasing and buying and when you
lease a car you're technically renting
it long-term so whether for two years or
three years and at the end of the lease
you turn the car in and you don't know
you don't own anything you don't own
anything and then when you buy a car
it's just like buying something on
credit like you're making payments and
then if you turn it in a half way or you
sell it halfway on part of it and you
pay an interest planet so a lot of
people would go well why would anybody
want to lease you're paying all this
money and then you don't even own any of
the corner turning it back in and the
reason is if you're a business or
depending on how you incorporate and do
your taxes if you lease there are much
higher tax benefits so in my specific
city and state which varies all the time
because the laws in my specific city and
state and the way I incorporate my
business if I lease a vehicle I get to
ducted a hundred percent if I buy a
vehicle I only get to deduct 50 percent
so for example if a car's lease is like
fifteen hundred or something I get to
deduct fifteen hundred dollars a month
off my taxes versus for the same car if
I'm paying 1,500 a month I only get to
deduct 750 you know so it's just how
you're playing with money there's no
right or wrong it's depends on what fits
your specific needs and up to this point
because I really like changing cars and
messing around and and always trying new
things at least majority of my cars the
truck over there the Batmobile that guy
I bought because um that guy I bought
because I knew I was going to mod him
and that was going to be my like staple
family vehicle right take the kids to
school and all that stuff and it has
everything I wanted to see warmers
navigation like all that stuff all the
bells and whistles every other car on
the side is going to be a toy so I would
probably lease all the other cars on the
side including this one up until I saw
the Audi rs7 the other day and I was
like I think I rather just get a
used one because you can't really lease
used cars at least you can with Audi
like I might as well just get a used one
because I really really want it and a
brand new lease is a ton I think
they said it was 2500 which is pretty
much rent for most people so I can't
justify like with the baby on the way
like it's I can afford it with my
phantom with my finances but I can't
justify my Chinese side is like what are
you doing that's red that's
crazy even though I work hard for the
money I'm still like ah I can't do it so
just counting down the days for this bad
boy oh you're early you're only going to
see them in a few more videos and I'm
gonna
I actually looked around with me I just
wanted to get a physical because I
haven't gotten with a physical for a
long time the last physical I got I
think was in 2009 and I was in the
military and I was really healthy bed
but since then like just looking at geo
boys to the doctor to get all the babies
checkups when she has all her vitals or
cholesterol fat levels red I haven't
gotten any of that I don't know how
healthy I am or anything like that so
just like the car I want to make sure
that I check up on all that stuff so I
want to get a full physical done check
on my blood work on my blood levels and
then also additionally while I was in
Hawaii I noticed something really
strange where when I peed on the toilet
the next part yes perfectly peeing on
the place but when I peed the next
morning did be a bunch of ants all over
the toilet with a splatters and the
thing that focused on is not just
collided at the ends so I was reading
online that that could be first kind of
data bees so I'm gonna shoot a hold on a
diabetes so I want to get that checked
up too because there could be sugar
content in the urine hopefully it's
normal or it's a normal amount I also
know that I'm just a sweet milk lettuce
so I'm just sure to retweet all over the
place but I want to make sure that I am
in a good healthy condition and I should
be training when I should be pushing my
body as hard as I have I just want to
make sure everything is cool which is
why I'm here I just piece into the urine
Cup and now I have to turn this in
the specimen box were they're gonna
pretty much assess my urine I got the
blood test and now I'm going to wait for
the lab to analyze both my urine and my
blood sugar and hopefully there's
nothing wrong with me when he took the
blood test the guy was like me you might
have to do it again so I don't know when
it's going to be like I really hope that
there's nothing wrong and I don't have
diabetes but who knows G oh so cute
she knows I'm getting a physical today
so she's checking up on me and Shiro
how's it going papa
and I wrote good so far my watch just
got my finger pricked and took my ear
example next we're going to check my
anal cavity for compunction initial oh
ha ha ha ha they're really going to
check your butt but I like messing with
it
of course not yes
hey see what she says I wrote yes they
are going to check my butt but yeah I
don't know if I really tell Margaret is
enough but she's actually really really
good wife and she really cares about me
through all my big moments in life she's
always there and concerned and she's
always there to like even when I'm
talking in the middle of the night like
she don't wake up just to make sure that
I'm okay and the amount of love that she
gives me is really really insane and I'm
uh I'm very appreciative for it thanks
mother
I know you may or may not watch this
because this is going to be embedded and
just huge long video but if you do this
would be a nice Q&A surprise for you I
love you so good news I don't have
diabetes I have no sugar in my urine and
the glucose levels in my blood was
normal so I'm really really happy about
that
on another note though my doctor was so
cool she saw the tattoo on my lady and
she was all what is that saying all the
fear Noland issues are what language is
it in I like Japanese and then we
started talking about going to Japan and
she's going to Japan this summer and all
that you have to have to try to eat um
it's so so bomb is the best ramen we
ever had and we had it like 3 days in a
row and then
because it's such a like professional
environment I was like it's almost like
they put drugs in the rum initial is
like like a crack and it was just so
funny they shared a doctor speak like
that so that was awesome --is it's
always awesome to have like such a human
experience in a professional environment
so now they're going to come in and get
my blood work done to test for the
cholesterol and all that stuff and we
realize I need my vaccinations one is
for my tetanus shots and supposed to get
that every 10 years and I haven't had it
since the military and the other one is
called a deep tap I believe and it's for
whooping cough so after we get all that
stuff I should be set I'm just so happy
I don't have diabetes and I am very very
just got to the office lots of changes
happening so while I was driving I
scheduled an appointment with this
company that's supposed to come and
inspect my car before I turn the lease
in and that's going to happen next
Monday so hit the reality I'm getting
rid of the car there's one side of me
that's really excited because of the new
car McGee but there's another side of me
that I'm like feeling really sentimental
oh man I had a really fun couple of
years with that vehicle and I'm going to
lose in it was my baby and it was like
my first dream car that I ever owned
like honestly if I had to pick between
either a Porsche or a Ferrari or Lambo
and if that were to be my daily driven
car I took a Porsche know it's meant to
be daily driven it's a daily driven race
car and Ferraris and Lamborghinis and
have a bomb-ass take every day so that's
where my heart's at feeling kind of sad
now I'm getting to the office I have a
Skype meeting with Joe and then work on
the features know them a little bit more
so I'll see you guys then this is
actually the progress on our movie I
don't want to get too close in case
there are ideas stealers out there but
this is pretty much where our movie is
that right now every single post it is
going to be a theme and then we have
notes and this is the simplified version
all the dents notes are on a Google
Drive and we have a pretty much
finalized story and treatment so now
it's getting really close to the point
where we're going to get really close to
scripting I'm super super excited but
yes we haven't worked on movie in case
you guys that are wondering and it looks
really clean here because like I said
all the intricate details are in the
drive but just a secret heads-up so most
movies if you watch regular like
blockbuster movies there's only a story
meaning there's only one main storyline
which is like all the tram
formers are coming and they're going to
blow up the world and then there might
have ad story which is like the romantic
relationship of like Shia LaBeouf
and those two start getting intertwined
and when you have more in-depth movies
like like Oscar winning contender there
might be two three four five six seven
eight story lines where there's like the
story lines for everyone I even it's
super back which is a really good movie
there's a storyline for Jonah Hill
storyline for Michael Cera the storyline
of them trying to get the alcohol and
and all of that and for us we have ABCD
efg one two three four five six seven we
have seven story lines so this movie is
going to be very very heartwarming
captivating it's going to have depth as
well as action and a lot of comedy so I
can't wait to share it with you guys
lunch time I got some meal prep bulgogi
it was intention on there and this other
one while putting it on so the
responsible side of me comes up to throw
it away
the Chinese part of me wants me to eat
it I'll be responsible sit all the way
in the trashcan
what are you eating Joe I'm creamy and
smooth true I need a lion protein that I
lived on the wild side and I got a pizza
last night always you get the pizza from
this place called Brazos or Rose or
where I forgot the name it starts with
the beef on seven you know I found out
why peeps are so delicious and white
everyone is a addicted to it but it's
full of fat yeah did you notice opiates
and cheap oh really
and another cheese yeah that's crazy
that's why there's drugs like um like
there's this everyone like even the damn
who doesn't like cheese he loves pizza
so there's something in the cheese that
no matter what if I have never met
anyone that hated Peter it does this the
spot I know it's just like a shot it is
yeah
stay off of keep the kids
jocular yes yes I got to have diarrhea
when I go I'd like a spicy week ciao
I think was it from Buffalo while weeds
or something like that and I had to get
the diarrhea price the next week
yeah it was not pretty bad and it you've
done like a lot of spicy challenges and
I was like okay we got to relax from
being romantic so I completely forgot
that the Skype meeting was to play bird
or bliss with vat19 and it's this row of
chocolate where some of about spicy and
some of them are not and we got burned
we end up losing we're playing
battleships with the grid and I just ate
lunch I'm full and so the whole time I
was just spitting liquids out cuz I'm
Thai rinse my mouth out and then now we
have our feature film eating so Mia
Jordan will be talking really funny
there's this whole meeting but time to
get back to work now I'm with Mama Bear
and we're going to a secret place
Disneyland
no dammit but this is probably better
person for me
so remember out so many guys on the
market for a car cuz I'm gonna trade in
the Porsche I've been emailing the guy
back and forth and we finally settled on
a price that I'm happy with
I got my credit application approved ah
so now I'm gonna go take a look at it
and test drive it all and if everything
is good I might be coming home with
another car I'm not gonna nother one so
imma for like a short week or two I'm
gonna have three cars let's fall in
shares so we have four cards departing
this will be the Beamer the Porsche the
truck and then also the new
but tell me how you feel about this car
college badass cars welcome
Venice this is better than your Porsche
better than your point it is honestly
the guide it only has 13,000 miles I've
had my car for almost two years and at
eleven and that's crazy because uhm for
a year the average mileage that you put
on your cars about twelve thousand yeah
especially live in California this is
really good yeah the inside you can
never touch the inside is mint
condition look at this it's like you
never ever exploded
what red it's the whatever that is disco
the calibers its calibers red in Monroe
yeah you keep the window oh yeah after
and I like the carbon fiber trim yeah I
can take the classes I think this is my
it Lord ether don't feel yours fine I
felt like that all mystic I don't steal
yours mine you homie Jackson and the
carbon fibre side where that holds up
the story nice no yeah yeah yeah yeah
he's already started hot there zipper
works sign yeah Oh take your future I'm
excited okay cuz I want to spend it on
come here
no I'm your approval I'm good no you did
a great job people have to come visit
you because you did an amazing job I try
to figure out the best angle he spent
like two weeks talking to bar about this
Anna Bart's a tough cookie so the fact
that he hung in there and like made this
happen is awesome
putting on that sticker go see your
temporary registration yeah it's good
for six months if people want to get an
a/d who today's who do they need to talk
to I would prefer that they give me a
call my name is Larry good Kim nice you
can reach me directly just call
reception desk for Larry and be more
than happy to accommodate you and get
you into the car of your dreams
yep I agree on this given as a year the
master ceremonies for 50 years
these are that iyi run events tell you
what you have your phone handy go on
Amazon oh and type my name it on Amazon
Amazon Wow okay you're not the only one
that could be found online okay
I'm just a little different I think it's
gonna surprise you okay
what if he's like a wrestling gkin where
Amazon in it throw a party so you want
to throw a party what is it of a book
look that is awesome who are you at a
party from beginning to end like a pro
without all the headaches while keeping
the joy in who Larry is a man of mystery
we don't know what he does but you know
what I'll show you a car and you can
drive it to your party and then I'll
place you at your party and perform and
emcee everything then you're good yeah
so there you go come to Resnick Pasadena
and then talk to Larry he's a man and
he'll like take you on the roads that
you need to go to to like test drive
your car like this one you took this on
some back-end trees it was awesome we
both have really great speaking voices
oh thank you yeah thanks
it just started yesterday people um
three go topless first time officially
driving to the to
he still doesn't know any of the
features on the car so Larry who's
awesome by the way
I keep saying that but he's helping them
out so he's gonna pull it out right now
the best
Wow the sitter was by I guess I came
home with the car just got back home
we're really tired it's late I'm still
hungry
madres hungry and fun is freaking trying
to wait for food to drop on the ground
but we're gonna call it a night
and hopefully I can give you guys a
better a more in-depth tour of the rs7
and the daytime but that'd be the first
time you were so scared of a car so I
explained that in the next video but uh
but this is the first time I've ever
been scared of a car I've never been in
a car with 550 horsepower and is a beast
thank you stay tuned more plum
