good afternoon guys so today I'm
starting to vlog a little bit later just
because it's a weekend and I got to
sleep thanks to that wonderful bed over
there
this one right here oh thank you for
letting me sleep alright so right now
what we're gonna do is we're gonna take
taiko and the dogs for a walk since the
Sun is still out we want to take
advantage of that and we want to spend
time with our pup ups and then I'm
coming home no stop it don't do that
don't do it
teehee yeah you see fun was on that
funds like it's not happening but anyway
yes and I have um some exciting I don't
even know how my mouth made that noise
but I have some exciting news to share
with you guys
but first a day yeah you look so comfy
he's gonna like roll he's gonna roll
he's not comfy I know fun are we gonna
go on a stroller or should we think I'm
gonna carry I think he is in carrier mud
okay we'll see you guys in a little bit
all right this is to CUNY and it's to
CUNY because this is tight this first
time facing outwards you big boy growing
up so fast almost every single other
time he's facing the mom and now you get
to see the world from type of vision
that uh that's so cute
how do you like is it comfy or you want
to see your mom all the time
nice I'll be around take a look at me he
likes this go look at his legs are
kickin they want to go let's go let's
take advantage of the Sun let's go okay
fine let's go
I think it's safe to say they're super
excited to go out a walk so we're doing
it we're on a walk how do you like it a
little type of camp you like it just
like fun yeah and there you dog with
your dad and they want to fight it with
the neighbors so it was a little nippy
out here for my comfort
so I can only assume that it was the
same for tyka so I foot is favorite I
don't even know what makes it his
favorite had it's really his only hat I
call it a saver hat we're almost done we
are back home and tyka is no longer on
mama because taiga is I pop with the big
muscles alright so what I wanted to
share with you guys is something really
really cool and something that I'm super
excited about because I just didn't
think it would happen to us again but
what are you doing that's not good
fillets head don't do that I'm just like
okay fine show me okay that is pretty
gentle his are going to hey don't
distract me anymore what I want to share
with you guys is that this video is
brought to you guys by boo apron I'm
super excited cuz I'm not one that cooks
but because of blooper and
honest-to-goodness
like honest to god I have started
cooking more and more if you guys have
noticed from the first boyfriend video
that we were so lucky to work with um
after that video since this this service
comes with multiple meals I didn't want
to do the food to go to waste so every
single day I was cooking something from
the meal plan that I had already signed
up with with blue apron and then once
that was over what did i do Papa what
happened after that
no no well yeah I did this but I had a
Korean
cookbook and then I got into that and
then I made mondo and Papa yeah so it's
really really cool and assured those
video with you guys so super excited
when Pluto runs like hey we want to work
with you guys again and I look like yeah
let's do it cuz I want to keep
practicing cooking okay you guys are
really distracting anyway I'm gonna
continue telling you guys what I love
about bro apron so you can go online
it's an online service it's not a
brick-and-mortar so like the but most of
us we don't have time to go to the
grocery store or even to sit down and
think okay what am I going to make this
week so boyfriend does all the thinking
for you guys you can go on Bleeker comm
you pick your family size then you pick
the meals that you want you pick the
weeks that you want your meals to come
in but I think about a boom
seriously that easy box like this get
slivered to your front doorstep and
you're ready to rock and roll I will
show you guys in a minute what's inside
the box because I did get damage from
you guys asking me how the whole service
works and now getting a little bit into
that a little bit later but what I also
wanted to mention is that blue apron
teamed up with hole 30 have you heard of
the hole 30 before I heard of it a
little bit I looked it up that
emphasizes Whole Foods so during the
whole time you're supposed to make sugar
alcohol grains legumes soy and it's kind
of like a different version of the page
they're like you're trying to be as
natural as possible and I think that's a
very advanced before thinking because as
you guys know bard and I are in the
fitness industry so we're always sharing
about different diets and we're always
hearing about different ways to increase
muscle decrease fat increase speed
increase you know what else
increase speed increase your
cardiovascular um so it was really cool
for me to hear that a company like blue
apron is forward-thinking enough to pair
up with whole 30 to make more healthy
meals cuz I would have thought the meals
were super healthy with blue apron but
it was really cool to see them team up
and make them even more healthy
especially because now it's 2018 I know
a lot of you guys are like new year new
me
here is just another option for you guys
to look into when it comes to fitting
the right you know the right foods for
whatever nutrition plan that you guys
have so without further ado yeah I just
got into it and you know like what Joe
say whoa whoa wait wait wait wait wait
mom life this guy is spitting up like
crazy
I know you can't my poor baby you're so
quiet - okay it's healthy the whole
thirty thing I thought was really cool
cuz I guess I'm already doing it so but
I'm doing the whole life diet yeah and
my goal is Monday through Friday like
even though when you're in fitness like
mainly the things that you try to look
out for is try to stay under calories
but you can still fit like I don't know
a bunch of random cereals a lot of like
processed foods in there for me I'm not
only am I trying to get lean I'm also
trying to have an overall better diet
and the overall better diet is just
eating whole natural foods meaning the
foods that are gonna perish like when
you go in the supermarket and you go on
the left side and everything's on a
shelf all of that is man-made when you
go on to the other side there's egg
plants fruits Kiwis all of that stuff is
the whole foods that you're talking
about so Monday through Friday I try to
get as much of that stuff as possible
and then on the weekends I try to be
human and half gallon to eat all the
other good man-made stuff yes and that's
one thing that I do attribute to father
always telling me because as you guys
know I'm tracking macros but and even
Bart you guys know that he's doing the
skinny okay there's an equal healthy a
hundred percent even if you're ripped
ripped doesn't mean you're healthy so
it's really important in my opinion to
do both right another thing that he was
telling me is that you have to make sure
to eat Whole Foods
especially when it comes to bowel
movements what was that whole thing
stopped so it's really important to get
a lot of fiber like vegetables in your
system because having a one having the
proper fiber in your system that helps
you absorb protein and helps increase
your digestion and also the use of
probiotics which is regret biome and
that helps you digesting
much better way to be a hundred percent
honest with you guys I haven't been
doing that as much I think the past
maybe two weeks and that's relevant
because you can see my skin started
breaking out now it's actually a bit
better but that's one thing for all my
girls that are like what's the skin
products like what's your skincare
routine
it's veggies and a lot of water but I'm
glad popper gave his two cents on that
because yes that's very important to
mention that but let me get back to this
cuz um I want to start cooking I want to
show you guys what I'm gonna make
okay so this what you can expect you get
this at your front doorstep you schedule
whatever meals you want to come to your
front door some weeks are gonna be like
wow I don't want that this week or you
know it's gonna be a lot of holidays or
I'm just not gonna be home you can you
can schedule to skip that week and then
it resumes the following week but let me
see sorry I gotta use my pen okay
this is what you can expect so you have
all your ingredients in here ready to
rock and roll pre-measured you're not
gonna get extra where you're gonna be
like I don't know what to do with this
so here's everything I'm gonna need for
the meals that I selected and again
these are specifically blue apron whole
30 meals but what's cool about it so
that nothing goes to waste is it comes
with ice cubes so it keeps everything
super cool so have my chicken thigh and
I have my wild Alaskan salmon and we're
over there now this is what I have to
choose from
all right CeCe so for eight weeks we
have the whole 30 approved recipes and
with these recipes it tells me how many
servings per dish or not per dish per
ingredients yeah per ingredients so
servings two servings per each one and
then it's been about 45 to 51 minutes to
make this would be 30 to 40 minutes um
and then it tells you the ingredients
and what I love is pictures because I'm
a picture kind of person that already
sounds really funny but I'm a picture
person
everything's ready pretty much measured
you have one russet potato two carrots
half a cabbage and even comes have a
cabbage
and it's labeled conveniently labeled
for you guys
two carrots all right Papa which is
should I make can I make seared salmon
or crispy chicken let's go with hmm
salmon is one of those that I have yet
to master and I feel like it has some
mastery involved because it's an easy
fish to make but it's also a really easy
fish to mess up this is also really cool
where it's actual wild salmon so when
you get like the ones that you buy like
I had a big grocery store you know it's
like that super orange look yeah and
those are the farm ones oh really and
you know that that's was this really
deep red looking this is what actual
wild salmon looks like I had no idea of
salmon because they have a much more
varied diet there's way more nutrients
in wild salmon like micronutrients in
their art and the farm segment Wow I
really had no idea um what I do know is
that they work with local farms and they
work with local producers wait is that
it was that or producers really I think
I'm too stuck in film I'm thinking
producers like film producers or music
producers but yeah they work with local
producers and all the ingredients that
they get is from those people that they
specifically hand-picked to work with so
the ingredients Oh hon you guys are
actually pretty high quality okay so
we're going with seared salmon here we
go baby
all right what I loved about it the
first time around is it tells you step
by step but in addition to town you step
by step you get to check off every
single step so that you don't fall
behind and I noticed this helped me a
great deal because then when I was
cooking stuff that wasn't blue even
anymore like I was able to follow along
and I just kept everything way more
neatly organized these guys are really
distracting I'm sorry okay I'm gonna get
to cooking that you guys I just see you
like dancing hippos up what are you
doing up try to move meat those
I mean Melo in the way buddy that was
like darn it cuz I don't like the
kitchens already dirty I think I might
have to wash the dishes first okay I
don't like ya because I make more of a
mess and it's just just let me watch
this
what's that bar you on now ah just a
prepping step so the beginning step I
finished washing dishes and I feel like
I could start the kitchen looks clean no
I do that to kind of like I've been a
clean workspace yeah exactly
Oh people are commenting about the way I
hold the knife actually this is the
correct way to hold it Oh hold it this
way um you had less control of it over
it yeah so I had a girlfriend that was
going oh I just got the onion so I wanna
cry she was in culinary arts cool yeah
and she's all that taught me how to hold
it this way because this sure you can
really take full control so your fingers
are holding it here and then the rest of
your hand is holding your face yeah some
people they like to hold it with the
finger on top of the blade tip oh yeah
that's it
and that guys having fun yeah so there
you go so don't get scared
don't get scared all right so so far
I've prepped all the produce I washed it
i dice up the carrots and it says medium
so they're kind of big and it says silly
slice
he's wiser basketball his team's losing
and then it says thinly slice the onions
which I did and then I'm looking at the
picture which thank goodness they have
it because they like it looks like this
separated it but didn't instruct me to
separate it so I'm just gonna follow the
leader and I'm just gonna stop all right
like this so let's hope I'm doing it
right what step is this mob bare except
where it kind of missed a little bit but
not really so it just said here's like
this little sack oops
called the knick knacks yeah on the
knick knacks is just like seasoning and
whatnot one of them is the red hair
Harris paste yeah so I wanted me to put
up the chopped up produce in a bowl but
I use a small bowl and then when I went
to mix it all up I was like oh man oh it
was too small so now I'm doing it here
looks good yeah I don't even know what
that is but it looks good it was like
stuff I said okay so I'm here now
usually each with olive oil and season
with salt and pepper toss and coat and
then what do you put in the of it are
you cook it on those Oh then arrange
season I need something to be like this
season onions onion and even there on
the side of the sheets already have that
ring second season veggie our season
vegetables in the even layer on the
other side I'll just mother - now smells
good
yeah it's more like it smells like
something I've had before smells kind of
caging a little bit huh
a little bit but it smells like good
Mexican thing that I've had I can't put
my finger on this looks really shiny
Oh smells good oh I could really keep
him loving you ready preheated it yes
why smart
all I told you to do it that's dope you
know half of being a efficient cook is
also learning how to time things too
well because I'm using the timer on
there no I mean like timing things out
like for example a lot of beginning
cooks like when they're trying to make
food yeah they're so excited to make the
main dish yeah I'm gonna make that first
and then do it oh shoot the rice and
they put the rice in and I what 30
minutes of 45 minutes and the main dish
is already cooked now it's cooling down
now so it's cool that the instructions
has tells you to extra protein but it
was cool that they told you to pre-prep
the oven so everything will time out
perfectly yes I keep washing my station
over here that's good I can have
everything clean this is roughly chopped
these mofos chop these cockroaches
cockroaches hmm what are you doing that
mama so now I am as instructed padding I
guess I'm just patting extra juices from
the from the fish yeah now I'm going to
isn't it yeah but it says that's it so I
made this little marinade I really don't
know what it where it's going but it's
olive oil salt pepper vinegar and the
dates in every 10 minutes I have to
serve it and that's going on the salmon
I don't know I think I think I might
have to mix the vegetables and I'm
baking and all that yeah of the fish
veggies and stuff okay now I'm gonna put
salt on both sides I like a lot of SAP I
hope I don't over salted and some pepper
is that too much salt for you nope same
thing on this side just I'm not gonna go
so crazy there's that has it thinking
pepper all right now I have about 18
minutes left for the veggies to keep
making now I'm gonna start warming up
the pan a medium and then once that's
warmed up it's pablor taught me once
that's warm then I'm going to add the
olive oil I'm gonna wait so that's a
warm and once that's warm I'm gonna add
the fish Martin fried that by the fish
yeah nice I feel way more confident
doing it this time around because I've
cooked so many different dishes already
but coming in like ten yeah where I'm
like okay I know where they're getting
out so I can kind of understand the
philosophy so I'm like okay they're
probably want me to do this this and
this it's awesome thanks you guys just
see his face he's trying to hold the
nest knees turn it around that's him
it's very distracting they have
allergies
okay as I'm waiting for the oil to get a
little bit hot so that I can transfer my
fish over I was just looking over the
instructions and I want to show you guys
something you see I didn't make it up
I'm serious that's how you hold the
knife look at that he's holding it the
way I just told you guys I'm not crazy
but um yeah I started to put that out
there
okay I'm gonna get back to it ha bears
just playing father is language like
okay I want to put this fish on the pan
here we go
hopefully it comes out good all right
how cute is this
that's not waiting for my fish that cook
I just see Papa and like that having a
good ol time I just hear him cracking up
that makes me so happy
it's doing those two moves I think is
this making bad laugh not the other way
over hone okay I have about two more
minutes to go on these guys
smells really good in here guys oh yeah
oh yeah and then I have you live in more
minutes to go but this is that stuff in
there was hot sorry okay steamy there we
go
all right oh brother my baby boy is
sleeping good the baby boys taking care
and these baby boys oh damn they are
gonna be so crispy on the outside and
soft and juicy on the inside so you get
some seats on that bottom layer there
it's a little bit raw so I'm gonna cook
the other side for about two to three
minutes so like seven maybe even six
minutes left on this cloth for timer
it'll be done and ready to rock the bowl
but so far so good haven't burned it yet
maybe I didn't know what I was talking
about when I said that I can mess it up
but that was usually my experience
before but so far blue apron thank you
making them look good all right guys
I've had some casualties some of yous
didn't make it
it said finely chop I don't know what
happened but the veggies seemed to cook
all right not too bad so I cut it sure
just cuz these kind of died on me a
little bit I had five minutes left but I
said no I think these are done so I'm
gonna try to just salvage what I have
chopped them up add them to the date
sauce thing here and then I'm gonna put
this as the base forgot and
let's see we put those two let's see if
I could save this alright guys I'm all
done to my defense though I cut my
onions that stringy but their's didn't
freakin die like mine what oh well
whatever
cook and learn right so this is what
it's supposed to look like how did I do
I think I did all right oh-ho I think I
supposed to add it on the side whatever
I put it on not too bad right not too
bad all right you ready to eat what if
that was really cool and I didn't
realize this until I started plating it
is instead of having rice you have all
these whole foods like duh so that's
what it looks like oh wow now that it's
gourmet little tail looks gourmet
hey looks good I don't know how that's
gonna taste just warning you why some of
them did not make it as you can see here
I just don't know what happened I
followed the rules the way they told me
to so we just gotta try it
but I think it'll be all right cool on
that ah all right so we're gonna put
tight up his little swing we're gonna
try this we'll get right back to you all
right moment of truth try it papa mmm
start with potatoes the potatoes are
pretty bomb you try ready I did mm-hmm
try the fish with the dates I'm kind of
I have my reservations about the dates
cuz it's gonna be sweet so it could be
me just being closed-minded how was the
fish how's the fish they cook it all
right
we're very good are you lying no mom I
like you
no it's because I'm I think that the
sauce it doesn't really overwhelm the
fish so people like salmon I think
because it tastes like salmon Oh tastes
like salmon with a little bit of like
this vinaigrette like a sweet little
moonlight taking this Oh cutie okay my
time I done I gotta try what I mean I'm
so weird I usually don't like eating
when I cook what oh I want the skin huh
I don't know because I think I just made
it to the smells I don't know okay I'm
with it there's really good it's
actually pretty damn good and this is
hard to believe but it's all good job
it's really good actually you go well
thank you guys we're gonna continue
eating this and uh yeah I don't know I
might have to say but it's really good
try it check it up nam papa
so since I'm still on this like cooking
high guess who else is gonna get some
food my little baby taiko bed who's
making a bunch of noise well table and I
eat so doctor gave us the clearance for
me to start giving him fruits and
veggies so I'm gonna start with veggies
I'm gonna give him a carrot but of
course I'm not gonna give him a raw
carrot I'm gonna wash it peel it cut it
up boil it and then I'm gonna blend it
and then I'm gonna start feeding it to
him so I'll feed him about I think it
was a tablespoon and like three times a
day or something like that and right now
it's mainly for him to get used to not
swallowing his food I mean that's all
but what is it sucking to get his food
out and it's mainly for the texture not
necessarily for the nutrition at this
moment also I'm gonna sleep - carrot for
maybe the week or are like a few days
I'm going to see and make sure there
isn't I mean allergic reactions to
anything that I'm giving him or
introducing to his body and yeah this is
the new intro to Titas beating now like
his world is gonna change he's so
excited what's going on over there
I think it's someone's spit in his mouth
yeah cuz he's starting at teeth - so
he's producing a lot more saliva in his
mouth alright so I've already washed
peeled and boiled the carrots right now
I have them sitting in cold water just
to stop the cooking process but they're
really soft already I feel like I can't
Oh break it so what I'm gonna do now I'm
just gonna put it in a baby blender and
I'm just gonna blend it until I reach
the consistency that I feel is
appropriate for Tychus it's gonna be too
watery and it's not gonna be too thick
so I have this set up ready to go I have
like his little what are these like
containers ready to go and I'll have gum
I'll start giving him food tomorrow
we're fighting for him to stay awake
because we have him on a nine o'clock
bedtime and it's 7:00 in here he wants
to knock out so we're not ready for you
tyka you're not ready bib ik so his
dad's trying to keep him stimulated in a
week I say nine but he's usually in bed
by night by 8:30 so we'll see so I'm
gonna get to blending and I'll show you
guys what it looks like never done this
before it's gonna be fun
alright so I put the carrots in the
blender now
moving around I'm gonna have to add some
water one sec all right something about
fourth of a cup of water let me open
this up okay I can't do it let me just
add about half of that and see what that
looks like
see what that does that's hey that looks
pretty good I think I'm gonna add a
little bit more water though see smells
very interesting smells very charity
okay let's you know
gimme the wrists okay
I'm gonna do dance-off because I feel
like I'm messing it up all right I
realized I said hands-free
I meant hands-free from filming and I
could use both hands on making this so
here's this carrot Pirie all it is is
just boiled carrots just water the end
so yeah
that's what he'll be eating for the rest
of this week not just that alone because
again he's not doing it for nutrition
but I will be so he'll mainly have like
you know his regular milk but then I'm
gonna sneak this in like three times
everyday so I'm excited you want to give
him a little bit papa oh you want to
give him a little bit ever eat anything
outside that's part of that all right
hold on I gotta wash a couple of his
foods
okay he's like shut up mom I'm sleeping
his cheeks are so red is it woman who is
it just you
all right so I was able to get two of
these little guys full for tyka for
tomorrow while three actually but I'm
gonna feed him some out of this
come here Tycho come here Papa can you
want to try something yummy okay I'm
gonna give him a little bit okay baby
hold him facing you that was one he is
like okay ready yeah okay let's get
another little scoop it's still hot it's
done ready okay so he is sticking his
tongue out so he may not be here ready
to eat solids just yet what we trying to
do oh wait wait here I'll do it wow that
was Tyga's first taste of food I don't
know I mean he keep sticking his tongue
out and they did say if he sings that
song out he might not just be ready for
it he's got a little dog hair what do
you think Tycho is it not good he's like
I don't know what to make of it hey he's
sticking his tongue cuz he's like I'd
never want that in my mouth ever again
alright well we'll make it a slow
process but now I have to clean all this
stuff but it's so worth it cuz my baby
all he's eating is or his carrot that's
it no preservatives nothing else and
that makes me so
to give my baby the good goods does the
Mon had carried city to cities all right
this might even 8:30
look it's 829 and guess what happened he
is knocked out
I felt so bad he couldn't hang on
anymore so I'm not gonna force my poor
baby to forget crying crying crying
hopefully he gets bedtime so I just like
to forget it
we tried our best you had a lot of work
out sorry I'm trying to take these
things off these are all drenched in
drool it's like insane how much just
kids rules right now
can't wait till the all his teeth come
in and the drilling stops this is
bananas but yeah I've been on this Harry
Potter binge this whole weekend I think
I've watched all of them except for two
and don't kill me but I've never watched
Harry Potter this is the first time I'm
watching it and Edie
ah do any of you guys have Apple TV
cause that's like the most annoying
thing I just had oh there it is this is
the control this is or at least the
older one I know there's a newer one but
it's a little bit bigger but look at
this how obnoxious is this and I always
lose it
and I do have the app on my phone and
they do have the app on my Apple watch
but the Apple watch is upstairs and I
don't want to use my phone it's about to
die so yeah they've had the collection
on here I was gonna buy it like a few
months back but they have it here I
think that's the last one oh my goodness
I think I'm on this one the half-blood
or something like that
dun dun dun and I turn on subtitles cuz
I noticed that's when I can really
understand what's going on because we
thought the subtitles I'm like what
because instead of using like kid or boy
that we'll use like bloke right is that
right and I'm like what
so this has helped me tremendously so
I'm gonna clean up the house cuz
everything is all over the place
and it's driving me bananas so I'm gonna
clean as I watch Harry Potter play in
the arms of the angel okay no more this
is when you know you're old and a mom
when you're super excited that your
house is finally clean
it's a Tycho's little play corner that
popper actually invented which I thought
was really really cool um his little
play corner is organized ready to rock
and roll
for him tomorrow pop was yet to build
that so we'll just forget that I'll put
those down later all the boxes here
they're all done and ready to be
returned or whatever we're doing with
them that we're gonna work on that's
clean this area is clean this is what
we're taking for tonight when he wakes
up for his nighttime feeding this is
just pop bear station he'll put that
away but this is all clean oh man I got
to drink that those are some empanadas I
got to put in the fridge oh no I forgot
to put this away
hold on I'm already losing guess who
guess I made these marks I'll give you
$20 just kidding but it's a bear your
dishes are all washed oh ho ready to
rock and roll this is all ty cos new
Pury making corner where I just watched
it and I'm letting it dry so that'll be
put away once it's all dry now I can
spend some time with Papa Bear and that
means like probably owned in like ten
minutes before we are so tired or and I
go to sleep and Meat Loaf's taking a
shower okay one last thing that I almost
forgot if you're gonna do the blue apron
I'm super excited for you guys to try
the service because it is so convenient
and if you're gonna do the whole 30 I'm
even more stoked for you because it's a
really easy way to eat clean and for
those of you guys that are gonna do the
whole 30 crew
over to my description box below to get
$40 off your first two weeks so do it
thank you guys so much I hope you
enjoyed the video and we'll see you
tomorrow
goodnight
