Hey
good morning just finished training
correctly at the baby office season
Monday I don't know what to expect today
because our kids are a little bit
different this week so I usually have a
pretty routine week but tomorrow for
example we're not shooting JK parties so
it's kind of like a free day but not
really because you can ask pack it with
so many other things um but something
that I think is really cool in a barbell
office that I always get stuck watching
is security cam this is the side
entrance that leads to the back employee
parking this is the front this is where
you walk in from this is the main lobby
this is where I'm at that's literally me
right there talking Oh inception haha um
that's the gym car right there that's
the church so you would walk in from
here and here you were walking from over
there that's some malfunction so you
walk in from there and then this is the
back
and then here oh this is also the back
and then that's literally the back so
I'll just like pick a little TV for me
so let's see who oh look at Michael
right now keep meaning see if we can
find four oh there's no way to have art
yeah there's barks talking you see him
right there
that's Bart who else is here that I
click on I don't just mean Debbie out of
here I think that's just a me right
there I think that's Demi and I think
that's just right there and right I
never know what the hell runs going no
no where the hell run is but yeah I'm
just waiting for my first meeting I'm
just waiting for Bart to finish they
literally just finished my workout
and I think he's got like a few more
minutes left but yeah once that happens
then we get started on the day literally
well because working out it's kind of
like a kinda mandatory thing but it's
just a feel-good type of thing but our
first meeting will be at 10:00 so
acquitting for that I think it's going
to flip around a little bit on the
computer and then I'll jump to my first
meeting but right now for some reason
I'm thinking about doughnuts so I don't
know if I'm gonna post making doughnuts
all right so I'm at the hospice now and
I really meant to vlog but I've just
been in a meeting after meeting after
meeting after meeting
oh so now I'm going home and yeah sorry
guys it's just important meetings but
look
thank you I'm slowly building my wall
over here
but yeah let's go home all right
I'm home now and Papa Bear is still on
his diet this is awesome and I'm very
proud of and I support him but I'm on my
mommy diet and I gotta eat something so
earlier today I got extra food and then
one of the foods I got um a panini I
haven't even opened it yet it looks like
uh try open it's one hand view oh yummy
damn that is street of ham like hey I'm
ham I think what I got to do is take out
the lettuce I'm about to put it in the
in the kebab oh whatever that's called I
forgot I don't want all this feel bad
shoulda ate it as soon as it came what a
mess what a mess
okay I'm going to do this all chemicals
I'm having a difficult time but I'm
going to prep this up all right so we
took out what I could and now I put my
sandwich in the toaster oven I've never
done it like this so we'll see how I did
okay here we go
would you do that Wow it's a pop there
Neal it's really cool banging meals um
you got a white rice look at it gives
you the macro Mitch I think is really
cool it is 328 calories 45 car 56
proteins zero fat got down that's what
it's doing and I'm going to have a salad
Prince out loud and over here is the
fattest dog alive meatloaf good boy
over there are the latest and now yeah
it feels nice to be home
we thought wow I'm flossing do I um what
was I saying because he's trying to
connect to the speaker so I have to turn
off my bluetooth okay what the thing oh
yeah it feels good to be home
I'm centered out cuz then I feel like
you still have a day let me see if I
find my baby scroll if you guys follow
me on insta you guys would have seen
that I did this story fuck help me shit
um there's a baby squirrel here oh
that's not the biggest squirrel
look at me just round here like you're
gonna do something you're gonna lay down
oh no baby squirrel
oh so so nice look at this breeze I'm
saying look because you could see the
trees moving beautiful out here huh meet
Tommy Tommy
meet yeah that's you boy good boy okay
I'm gonna check up on my food now Emma
and you know pretty good still crunchy
the cheese is melted I have some
leftover chips and some sparkling water
oh yeah I'm ready to grub I'm so hungry
all done drew a legal bug poplar see
what he's doing so X is not going to be
working out Oh although all of our trip
we did in the park ha earlier um he just
started defending yourself what happened
because I was supposed to Charles do is
play I am trading on this side the
lighting Center
originally I wondered Djokovic already
did I did a jump rope with shadow box
but I thought it filled my quads are to
fill up with blood I don't want it to
affect my positive things coming into it
right now I'm doing one minute on of
jump rope one made a shadow box I did
that for 10 minutes then we'll come on
the turbo finish off my other 10 to 20
minutes of cardio not sure what I was
doing and I'll do that
let's go for like a minute
and then I will go for a minute because
I thought my class filled up with blood
so I didn't want to affect my piloting
from even to it this week i'ma do ten
minutes of that and then finish it out
here hopefully eventually and get it to
loopy shape because you can update we
have the final wrap on the story are we
going to turn up to treatment which is a
picture ball manuscript for that one on
script and then try to shop it around
and get somebody to get the movie made
so we are working on the movie don't try
to get in shape for the movie so that's
the type of that the hit don't tell me
what we heard it here first is going to
be action thank you good job I'm very
proud of you do I look like I know what
I saw
yeah you do Rivero Starbuck would you be
enemy I mean just your sheer size I'm
scared of it what about skill saw me at
the park would you be like oh shit oh
fuck with that back don't kill his money
yeah cuz he's shadowboxing by himself
that's buried all over saw me at the
bottom thank you why don't you get laid
by him yeah yeah of course you guys yeah
no no girl does that if there's a
partner shot of us and the body was
getting fucking weird yes yes I probably
does more to you I don't know who the
hell shadow box is not a fucking bar
that is we're the scenario was just so
weird
I don't know how girls are yeah we don't
want a guy shadow back shadow Bob
Balaban I did have this one encounter
once though where there was was me and
two of my girlfriends and we went for
some happy hour or some dinner or
something effort over was for widows in
downtown yeah this restaurant called
perch and it's a restaurant and a bar
and half of it is restaurants the other
like upper tiers or whatever is a bar
we're in the bar section we're going to
be seated this guy walks up to us and he
goes you guys must be a magic trick
we're like
because we get used to getting like this
guy's not a little no it was like I mean
magic is always cool you know yeah okay
it said come on bro like we don't want
to talk to you you're lame boy
would you like to imagine of a hugger
suggestion cuz that's not your motive
your motive is not to show me your
fucking magic trick your motive is to
talk to us well you know whatever you
know very passionate magician then why
is he fucking now as weird that's weird
girls can read fucking we can read it
smell it see a bunch of bullshit okay so
don't try to bullshit on you know what
you're doing all right
all right what shadowbox communi bar did
you are you ready yeah I'm sorry I'm
sorry I was hungry too
the guys have to lose some fat
contestant I am so pepper on my track
good job Wow so getting that gotta get
right from our bowl in this boobie the
clues good photo I'm so fuckin proud of
it meet Casey and jokes have been
working really hard on it and I have to
throw it excited to share with the world
I didn't get a trouble see Kenny wrote
it I'm trained for in terms of acting in
it
you know what a super cutie over the
weekend popper worked on this little
workstation that we've been going back
and forth about any finally finished it
look at this
good job baby did everything from
scratch yeah what are you little light
it oh my god so lil right oh I know what
it was a life switch I've never seen it
that small that's fucking cute Wow Wow
it looks like someone never used this
organ I guess everything before that Wow
how about that I see you so let me touch
his cute that little button again
fucking cute oh my god it's so little
but I'm gonna let you get back to it
loving soggy I almost ni kawaru food not
yet okay bye she's gonna love it
gosh dammit I pop with the maniac the
cardio maniac ah-huh I even know my
anyone I don't even know anyone who
train he's such mellow as music
am I ever make clear because you're
emotional I came out emotional and I'm
supposed to be them I better stand up
letter wrestling but you beat me because
I came out to be emotional that case
turn into a bra
okay well it looks nice sorry I didn't
this is the half of that so the gate but
- oh boy we're gonna eat the dinner
unless the Milka yeah you want to look
like a supermodel yeah what do you learn
at you
uh oh I had my food earlier I don't know
Mike is still eat though you know what
I'm really looking for - what it's all
week been going really good yeah and I
think if I could lose another pound
then I earned myself a retu different
how cool oh that season I've been
thinking about that pizza I haven't
really had a date in like a week this is
this local restaurant like down the
block and they have one of the best it
looks like a hole in the wall and it
looks like those like phony like a fake
Italian type of rustle I be like it
looks super Americanized Italian food
but it's actually really good it was
like the closest thing we've had to
Italian pizza since being in Italy it
was wrong I think that's what he's
talking about
oh look at the boy like his dad way
mommy love
tyranny I can't even see your eyes are
so dark
so cute boy so I don't understand how
Bart lives his life because he is all
over the place for example why the fuck
is there an electric toothbrush next to
the kitchen sink
why why why does he torture himself like
this I'm fucking understand why our
bedroom is upstairs you had to go out of
his way to come downstairs brush his
teeth
spit in the sink and leave his freakin
toothbrush there meatloaf
your father is crazy meatloaf hey SATA
stuff in the world New York season
the hell is that oh yeah I don't get it
another sons cry I'm gonna I'm gonna
test them I'm gonna turn on the camera
as soon as he starts looking for it so
I'm going to wait till we're about to go
to sleep and handle it where's my
toothbrush watch pop it pop it
Hey he fell asleep on the couch the
beauty of this one is zero zone 5 to 360
yeah yeah you brush your teeth
I know you didn't brush your teeth won't
brush your teeth no yeah come on get up
so if you anthem get out that's your
anthem go oh oh oh you're doing the
opposite of what rocky did come on you
got this come on come on you got this
come on get out
let's catch a break no hook it up okay
fine I'm free I'm gonna do your dad's
method no no my dad does when you go
away come up what what stand up and then
Romi like shaken like this well let's go
does it get up you just keep going I'm
gonna call this Blake you later
no I told you not to grab it cuz I know
you're not going to fold it all the way
that would convict inside come on plug
it up
I will look for that later okay no I
told you not to grab it cuz I knew
you're gonna make a mess come on get up
get up get up I'm gonna go upstairs
that foliated no I knew it I knew it and
if we should keep it safe yeah okay I
want to watch you what are you doing
brush your teeth pop right across brush
your teeth no Suzy go brush your teeth
all right this much about that why is it
down I want to work your this morning
you're the crazies present ever I saw it
there don't like no don't you don't you
guys don't even know oh please I have an
infection in my mouth very dull
thank you ah-ha-ha why are you using
mine is so nasty oh here I turn off the
TV you turned on the real trouper
ha ha you know where it is damn it it's
that far who uses other people's
toothbrushes are so nasty damn it this
whole time I thought cream get him I'll
be like where did you first really fresh
I shook damn it oh well there you go
folks don't play any practical just I
don't even move that you so she just
left up there and I get the gross pop
bear mouth where did Middle School
we go oh why you in there he's by the
door weirdo alright well yes that's it
my boring day and it really do much is
it a bad day or a good day I don't know
but it is a bad day because he's
freaking using my toothbrush
oh well well thank you so much for
watching today and my boring little day
with my fricking papa using much juice
which is so nasty if you think that's
nasty
let me know in the comments below all
the nasty stuff that you think is nasty
okay thank you for
