what is going on in here hotel what car
you can work out but in our home gym
it's the first time they're ever going
to use this network first time sitting
at home how's it feel
I know I haven't changed everyone I like
got the music play got some sunlight got
it boy look at this little raccoon big
red food no no come here
he's like so obsessed is trying to get
in the back of the truck and just love
to sit there like if I were to open it
right now go just jump in there we just
open it some people watch you from the
truck Wow
I'm gonna let poplar through it's pink
and to work out I can't really work out
today I'm going to try but usually I do
work out mmm but um every single night I
get to strike off so I have to see a
doctor about that and I don't know what
it is I don't have any other skis I
don't have any other flu-like symptoms
it's just a stupid cloth and it just it
feels like my throat dries out and then
I just start coughing and coughing and
hops taking copying and it can't stop so
that really sucks and I feel so bad
because I feel like every time I cough
I'm waking up my baby because it like
you know you have to like um what is it
like
contract your stomach your abdomen
muscles so every time I'm doing it I
feel like I'm like just abrupting their
sleep and then put a fuck what the hell
what the hell's going on up there I feel
so bad um so for now I'm just going to
take it easy in terms of working out
because I don't want to make anything
worse so
good heal but today's gonna be a good
day spending it at home get to finish a
little bit more decoration because I
have more boxes that came in right there
so I'm excited to see what's in that um
I still have random pieces scattered all
over the house like I have a bunch of
candles here that I need to find a home
for them this is I got a lot of
substitute and I'm going to make
breakfast today what your mama excited
about because I don't normally cook so I
was just craving bacon eggs and pancakes
nothing fancy of course cuz I don't cook
ah but that's all ready to start you
guys on a truck
are you all the way here Paula Deen is
what are you guys going comfortable me
giving you guys on time and I think
they're going to watch that from the
back of this truck get it pop up are
they all black this is black do not
silver oh shit and it feel heavy yeah
take so different so different and rush
to work up but only have a mountain
color Vivek absolute trauma workout I'm
kind of let's do it so I don't know my
pump we warmed up yet hey guys fuck it
load it up
all right so I finished my five minute
meal or whatever five minutes to prep um
and I'm appetizer this has to be the
other patients meal I've ever made that
I don't don't want to eat I know I went
into it and I know I like every single
ingredient but the way it turned out is
really ugly
look at these ugly-ass pancakes but so I
made pancakes
pablor got some really professional like
commercial grade pots and pans that like
heat up really really quick I don't
understand them just it's a bunch of she
was burning recruits back um but I mean
that's not the big way from I still
can't fucking cook I got three pieces of
bacon I got one egg and then four egg
whites meaning I took out the yolk and
then for my syrup I have a sugar-free
low-calorie syrup which is really dope
through 2015 calories zero grams of fat
so that is my meal I'm going to grub
toddler didn't want any because he's on
a diet out to eat all myself okay
right supply bearish written on cars
right now we're at the Audi dealership
and he's looking between the a7 and a8
and we're literally sitting inside an
AAA and look at all that please like a
business class a plane ticket yeah I
could extend my legs all the way up no
it looks great like you have your own
climate control nightmare it's pretty
sick
does this thing move up or oh yeah it
does
holy crap technically you can fit three
people in here yeah but like we're not
recommend with chairs
yes now recommended if I'm going to say
it's not here that makes a little harder
um so it's literally four she's Peter
Carr who seems like a computer interface
in the back Wow he was door stuff so why
are you looking for a car today
so the Porsche lease is up and because
I'm going to be a daddy soon that
thing's pretty much useless it sucks
getting in and out of yeah mom has a
hard time getting anything out of it
because she has a big tummy and that car
just all racing seats it's meant for the
track so it's going to be impossible to
put a baby seat in there so I don't want
to have such an expensive car where I'm
the only one enjoying it so I'm going to
turn it in and hopefully get a sedan
that's still fun and sporty but also wow
he just put the thing down behind you
this is so good for distance yeah Wow
you even have life like light on the
side and then you have a sunroof on top
of you this thing is like way more
luxurious compared to a seminar yeah
yeah it's a full-fledged luxury car
that's more or less 44 so more sporty
and this was more of like that's a BMW
is though this is like we already
halfway members
yeah that's what they go for most people
sent the fax all the way you know so fat
windows are huge yeah
they are you don't even realize until
you said that oh shit yeah then you get
a ultimate in the neck as well
oh yeah I meant the furniture there's a
bunny for it fine we'll go right back up
going back up behind you know your I
think you're putting it is a button for
the mirror an association Amir where's
the mirror Oh what the hell you have a
mirror and there's this the roof opening
yeah what a bunch of comic relief this
is a great kid car keep their asses
entertained what is good I don't even
know that does this no no open yeah that
is ridiculous you have one right here
the bath and you have one up there for
the front these are just moving around
you know that's what cars like what do
you want me to do pressing a button and
like Ben yeah for these type of car is
the back where you want to be you know I
Drive these things or you can but a lot
of you all like my other time as backers
it's so soft and you know the pillow
here too yeah like a driver huh yeah
this were people who are we having
drivers fuck that kids don't deserve
this shit scientist for my kid this is
nice comfortable oh yeah I might trade
mine in for this what do you have right
now that's for Jessa 435 ah she still
got two more years on at least oh but
this is really nice I like rocks often
it's like soft and supported with the
scissor
I like these seats better than yours
actually when I found the h7n this yeah
the seat arm are softer and more
supportive in the end ephemeral I don't
know I do studies killing it I always
kill it I was pretty fun tonight
as far as like interior design Audi is
the head of the competition
it's more so than Mercedes seems pretty
up there
Mercedes is more of a luxury thing yeah
everything looks prettier yeah but
things don't necessarily feel prettier
if you notice the buttons here
everything's super tactile right
everyone has a clean mechanic yeah click
do it yes something I like you know
overall weird is nice but if you don't
have it you don't really notice that
yeah yeah they pay attention to little
things all right so I'm sitting in the
back and holy shit I'm huge I'm 511 and
I have all of this liquor still Oh Papa
Bear you can get this one Papa Bear you
can show your massage all right right
now we're sitting inside of wet with
this high five for five okay and it has
massage therapy look at that so Bart's
trying to activate his right now there's
a bucket seat and it has massage deep in
a bucket see I've never heard of that
the other time I would what seat with
massage that's not
so if you want to do like this stretch
can you feel it yeah can you do a need
yeah you can get a needed long this is
ridiculous I can't imagine ever using a
7 nice with this in my opinion is
involve enter if size not too big of a
thing this is longer type of cars I
still fun
you know regarded yeah if you wanted to
you know that's right listings dude this
is crazy
are you getting a massage yeah it's not
like a strong strong massage but I mean
but you're having a massage while you're
driving let me complain yeah definitely
have a best massage pink but at least
you have a bunch yeah oh yeah play it
also has a heads-up replay what the cars
like this car hasn't even been out bro
what years is 17 18 18 yo this one came
last week so insurance you can actually
have everything right in front you here
wow the entire map or the cards
navigations right now that is crazy
yeah and if you let me trade like Google
or any of the other cars going to get an
update like this yeah the eight already
has it and the eight five a 45-minute
three seven right now but they're going
to move into all the cars later
so you're honestly better off getting
would be just a nice trader face all
right Morgan Thomas really all I want to
see says it opens up oh all right I know
you just wanna see this what are you
gonna look at so this is the rs7 this
would be like a BMW 7-series like m7
which they don't even make but this is
like all sit on and pick some m6
competitors yeah but this seems I think
across is like 500 horsepower subsidized
560 gives a regular one its peak so
why'd you get the point you were
misinformed buddy
position oh I'm gonna go around I'm
going to go around it'd be sick if it
had like the end like where it you could
black it all out yeah honeycomb shakes
yeah you notice oh yeah honey homes yeah
there it is
okay why why do you why so this is like
pretty much the m6 by Audi version and I
think I was looking it up it does 0 to
60 and my three seven three point seven
seconds is insanely fast
Max's bananas um but this is also the
same car where I looked up and the
monthly payments are going to be twenty
five hundred dollars it's pretty much
rent which is crazy
but it's very different
yeah it's rent in a car but also beasts
in and it does three let's turn it on I
think that's what he's trying to tell
you right here
sound zv8 for oh my goodness that sound
that's when turbo v8 holy shit whoo okay
that's it
Dada Yuri yeah that's like they make
yeah yeah and it's like you're the most
expensive car in a lot yes that was
beautiful is really nice
holy shit how to count how can we make
this work how do we make this work I
know how do we make this work let's see
the Key Club I was like looking at key
okay so pablor didn't walk away with a
car he's merely just shopping around um
you okay with that
you know uh I'm one of those guys that
have a hard time walking in somewhere
meat you are walking at everything
empty-handed
me too but I think two things worked in
my favor one they have a recall so I
can't even do it if I wanted to and to
this time the theme that I like is so
fucking expensive that it's not
something I would be able to just go
yeah Lord I'll buy it so it's something
I have to think about and not I've been
thinking about I think I might even look
into used cars because I like the rs7
so much that I'm like man like what else
is that perfect blend of classy sedan
but also fucking beast and like I just
want to tear the concrete up and I think
that's that's the only car that's that
and I like it so much I'm down to buy or
use doing so I'm looking to some use to
it Wow I don't want to spend $2,500 a
month that's crazy especially the baby
coming at the responsible I'm not rich
enough to do that yeah
sorry I don't know if he saw the camera
shaking but he's driving my car and he
is the worst when it caught my fam
surgery and he was all really should we
talk about all the dents that you've had
in all of my cars oh you want to talk
about all these cuts from all the
surgeries right do you want to talk do
you want to talk about that what about
the fuck of surgeries I mean the cuts
I'm looking at anyway so yeah I was
telling him to move away from other
bother about your about this tell a joke
in your brain couldn't figure out what
to say you're like can we talk uh-oh
anyway I was about to speak to your
level and I said I might owe to the
level you married me we're at the same
level
no we did it oh no oh god you're good
don't freakin well anyway we are here
we're gonna get some you know gasps
Jesus pay the man
I'm paying because I want to not to be
told me 2 p.m. and yeah I'm doing this
because I'm getting a bit of a good use
I care about I like this image well
anyway we're here a beautiful yeah we're
here edited out to get some food and
what I love about papaver or that what
can you be quiet I'll do it because I
wanted what I love about poppers he
loves eating in the car just as much as
I do so it's pretty awesome because when
we see that the line or it's too crowded
inside we're both so introverted that
we're just like too many people let's
eat in the car so we really enjoy eating
in the car of course we prefer not to
but where it's down oh yes please he
always gets ketchup even though he never
uses a lot of forever and I never eat it
because I never say I want ketchup
I care about you so I get it for you
fine even though I tell them I don't
want it thank you
yeah you know I should obviously dam
first with the bread I'm a predator
thank you and a dish it's in the lettuce
that's awesome at least I get to give
you a more full I asked for extra
lettuce for the morrow you a fraction
yeah
oh I don't know to me that much but as
for extra lettuce because I'm ugh I want
to fill myself up with the things are
low in calories yeah and then that way I
don't get so hungry because I get so
hungry so fast these days all right
need to run the same boat for just
different days
I can't focus my car slow thank you
okay we'll go eat now we are back home
and Papa Bear has a daunting task ahead
what you don't do
I'm gonna build my workbench and look
how crazy this thing is oh shit I am so
fun damn going schedule where you can do
prototype all right you got this pop-up
beautiful girl is doing she cuts it one
day overlay every bot
laughs y'all are here to make a dollar
triphala Gary take the back take it back
Charlotte come above the color like a
black and the whooping spots are trouble
there's not seven nigga McDonald be
wonderful okay so I have some before
updates not very many but finally like a
handful of upgrades updates so finally
installed Samir I eventually plan on
putting a bunch of pictures around it
with a dog bed life I don't know if I'm
going to keep those sides of those and
you can see they're really big um but of
course the big because this guy's huge
baked potato
come here you need love potatoes then
right over here popular and solve this
frame without even know what that is but
I think because I don't know what it is
I really like it
it's kind of weird with some light but
pretty abstract but it's very neutral
and it kind of fits with the living room
colors and then right over there I got a
plant um a little secret between us two
is that's a fake plant like my train a
kid I have no green thumb um I barely
even have regular thumbs like I'm not
even trying to front like I know what
I'm doing so to be a forever green plant
that I just have to occasionally dust
off so I think it's cool I don't I'm
going to leave it there cuz I do want
some green right but I know if that
works there so I'm just letting it
marinate a little bit and over here I'll
eventually get a bookcase that I'm still
waiting for it to get delivered then I
got this little absent piece I just
don't know where to put it
initially I was thinking up there haha
another fake plant ah yeah up there
but then I got the smear and I was
thinking that could go over there yeah
that's kind of update on my in a Papa
bear's end though she's killing it look
at this amazing progress amazing
progress you how is it been so far are
you almost done it looks like you're
almost done it's really difficult yeah
could you doing it myself no it's just a
lot of pieces it's like you know usually
um like the drawers you'll have to
assemble or like this pieces up would be
kind of partially assembled but
literally every panel you have to do so
for yellow I'm talking about this
usually I looked at this canopy would
come together but it's periphyton scare
them try each panel but you know if we
build a devil at once he's out of here
sitting all four sides of these are
already forged together but this one if
every panel you have to put together
first so well that's what you'd like to
do though amazing I already know you
already know where I'm going well well
well our our bloody whatever Gillian
told me could you I already saw it in
your face that you you knew it was a
smartass remark what and because it's a
worktable I'm like well this is what you
want it's the work for it and what was I
going to say I don't know some smartass
remark to that cookie knew where I was
going with it
uh-huh good use of the 45 plate I see
thank you yeah I'm pretty happy people
know that any people you don't need
don't just mean handy because what
people don't understand is if you're
drilling against it and if you push hard
the table ten o'clock yeah I know I'm
saying you're so handy you don't need a
table to prove how handy you are exactly
yeah you don't you never need a disabled
I don't need to do our your bench
steady saw what is going to be a really
good hit time the camera is no we didn't
say I mean looks is still out there
well look again we'll send good job Papa
it's bedtime Papa did you finish your
cinema bubs my little work thing yeah no
that's too tired but you look really
good look at those ABS yeah damn coming
in wow wow are you alive
no I'm serious well we had a really fun
day with you guys um thank you so much
for watching we hope to see you tomorrow
but it's definitely bedtime it's it's
time it's better I'm ready to go
good night
