what outside if you hear any like around
yeah it's not that we have a team of
programmers working here different yes
it's our dog cat dancers just walking
around yeah you like the cat pen yeah um
but we're back and we're going to film
another fun couple video this is one of
my personal favorites and basically we
are asked a question right so the
question would be like what is your
spouse's favorite color and that person
has to answer what they think their
spouses favorite color is and then the
spouse reveals the actual answer and
then they get to see if their answers
match up so it's a lot of fun because
then I get to learn a lot about paw bear
and I'm like what you thought it like
that or what you don't like whatever
this really fun discovery game and I
can't wait to play it one day I like to
add is we didn't match helmet cute like
this yeah we like this yeah we did she
wore the thread and I pulled out this
shirt in the dresser and when I came out
I think oh shit yeah matches so we did
do it on purpose yeah it was destiny no
you did it on purpose he even asked me
he's like do you want us to match no
after I noticed it I was like do we want
to be like hella gay and match or okay
if you want to be cute okay all right
thank you yeah he's pretty cute okay I
water my weapon and have a shower okay
well goodbye alright you want to ask the
first question I asked respond you go
okay so what did your spouse think about
you after your first date
Oh what is our first date that's a
question you consider this no bunch of
our first date uh I don't know what our
curt estate was to be honest look we
need to find a first date
do you define it as what's official like
this is our first date together
yeah or is it the first event or we have
mutual feelings I guess because our
relationship is so unconventional and
just kind of the way it happened for
those of you that are new to the channel
basically on Bart and I were we were
part of a mutual friend circle and we
really didn't consider one another
attractive or even like our type and
then I was already in a relationship if
he was dating a bunch of girls at the
time we would talk about relationship
whatever we weren't like super tight one
seamless
there uh we were both single at the time
and somehow we get snowed in we bond we
turn we find out that we love each other
end links on the way to Big Bird really
it was like fish we didn't get really
witty Gaston in Denali not in LA yeah we
were on the way to Big Bear sorry thanks
for the Constitution but literally like
this because I'm trying to keep this map
interest uh we just kind of fell in love
so that's what I mean by its
unconventional so that's the present-day
I guess for me I would say that our
first our first date would be I guess
that small brain trip I think then after
that first date the first thing that you
thought of was like wow this guy's
pretty cool um what did that need make
you think a lot of people are cool
no because I that point there at that
point you thought of me as just the
homie like one of the dudes in the
friend circle but I think at that point
your party like man this guy is
different and just a part of this guy
that I never knew and I'm itchy mm-hmm
okay okay okay well so I thought it was
perfect timing or not but what the
relationship I had just ended um he was
just like a really mean guy and like I'm
pretty sure I was a bitch too because I
just have bitch DNA in me but we just
were a very like turbulent relationship
like we're trying to change each other
so much that was just it was just a very
unhappy relationships out at the lowest
point in my life um and then I bless you
I'm not trying to I already had two
chances because her at the lowest one of
your life yeah yeah no no I'm not trying
to take anything away from you but I
think it was really perfect timing for
you because I had seen the worst and the
worst and then to have like this
beautiful angel come into my life and
then shed some new light on just like
humanity because I thought even with a
piece of shit at that point I was like
wow
Hubbard's really refreshing so you're
right I was kind of like what the hell
bar it's actually really cool like he's
not as annoying uh
hey guys Wow Wow we're filming oh my god
hey cut it out
um fit yeah and I couldn't stop thinking
about it oh oh come here
stop you know who's the Barker of this
and it's really ironic it's the one
that's the most afraid Melo's fun you
barks oh yeah yeah yeah the most of
she's the one barking backwards okay
anyway so same question to you
so what did your spouse think about you
after your first date um I don't know if
I ever had this conversation about what
you thought about me actually visit
school um I guess because we had such a
deep connection so quickly I think it's
safe to assume that you also thought
like wow Jews are you keep a hog right
there it's a very concise phrase I do
remember telling you a concise phrase oh
man oh I said you're talking of Emery or
though I have the worst memory um but I
guess can I just say like um the gist of
it yes
okay so um yeah assuming that we're both
as connected as I thought we were in the
beginning and of course we're so good
now um I guess I want to say that you
were also thinking similar cause of me
as far as she was a bitch but Wow
like get to know her and kill back
through the layers it she's pretty cool
and it wasn't pretty cool as like I want
to be her friend still it was pretty
cool like oh I could see a future with
this girl
what do you say the most concise way to
put it is she's not a bitch hahaha I
thought her face the whole time you have
so much attitude you have bitch face all
the time and you're just complaining
about literally everything yeah but we
got snowed in I got to know you and then
you showed me you're a warm and fuzzy
you weren't even attracted to me where
you were just like Oh
what I said no it was just literally
like she's not a bit
wow you're hot but I hot bitch oh but
then now I got to know but there's tons
of hot girl in the world you know so I
was just like oh cool she actually had
these warm and fuzzies inside and I
remember when we actually went to go
snowboard
I saw how vulnerable you're cuz you just
kept falling down over and over it gives
you stuck at snowboarding but then you
were also very very uh tenacious you
wanted to get it down and then I would
ask you want to go to the bunny slopes
now remember but otter operator go to
bunny slopes I'm like my heart in my
head I'm just like yours gonna keep
falling down river idle but you didn't
even care so like whatever I could I
just kept teaching you and I remember
you told me that I would watch one of
the nicest Larry no you said I was one
of the nicest teachers you've ever had
and then I could my fucking ex-boyfriend
with such a piece of shit Madden II was
just so mean - yeah I thought it was so
awesome that you were just down to go
down all the other smokes when you suck
ass nobody just kept falling apart fun
yeah Kimmy thank you well that's good to
know
I guess I'm not as big of a bitch again
Windex okay next question you reading
question number two what was it about
your spouse that made you realize that
they were the one so that's you for me I
got the answer what you thought yep made
me the one yep I do remember this story
these are so um because we were in the
same friend circle he got to meet my
boyfriend and he got to see me interact
with my boyfriend at that time um and he
told me that he recalled how
affectionate and like um like warm I was
with him so there's this one particular
time he said that he was driving I was
passenger you were in the backseat
somewhere and I reached over and just
need like caressing and he was just like
oh I really like that and then the more
you got to meet me
you got to see all the fuzzies and you
were like damn she's one I don't know if
I made it to general uh that's a good
start the actual instance that made you
the one oh no I know I know I know
anyway like was
I saw you interact with your nephews and
niece that was the line I wasn't want to
say that what is this I'm gonna say when
we were living so we were ready together
living together we're probably together
for like maybe a few months and then you
said you really wanted to pursue your
passions and I was at once it was
multiple fish it
so the movies they tell you there's that
one thing that makes him the one that's
fuckin bullshit which one came first
that's not to bullshit because you need
a lot of indicators if you just make go
based on one whim you're fucked okay
yeah
but that's what I wanted okay Mike so
what I was saying was um when we were
dating for the first few months I was
passionately madly which I still am in
love with him and this was this was
right at the beginning of JK when he was
trying to decide if he wanted to pursue
med school or do the whole youth I just
graduated college did I'm like yes you
the whole YouTube thing which at that
time was like if you had 200,000 views
you went viral so it was that small and
it was that knew that nobody knew where
it really was going and no one was
really monetizing enough to make like a
crazy living off of it so he was kind of
on the fence between both of those and I
remember he was living or week not
living with me but we're living at the
same place and he had that we had that
conversation when he was like you know
it's a fork in the road and I said you
know what like you're so passionate
about it like I have a really good job I
can support us like if you wanted to sue
YouTube go for it I'll support you I
thought that was gonna be so those that
and then the other one was I saw you
interact with your nephews and nieces
and going up what you guys see my
parents um I had a very very cold
upbringing so there wasn't too much love
I mean there's a lot of that super
extreme Asian love where I meet you
because I love you or I love you so what
I'm going to do is sign you up for six
months of intense math class after
school I hope even happen with a
different type of love so that's that
type of love that my parents gave me I
didn't have the traditional like hugging
and nurture was a very nurturing and so
when I saw you interact with their
nephews and nieces and how Newark she
were nurturing your work and I'm like
Mary she's just a lot but she loved them
more than my parents ever
me in the nurturing aspect and I'm like
that's that's exactly what I want from
my household and for - for me - yes from
Ikea shit so nervous I never experienced
anything like that
like the amount of love that you had for
your nephews and nieces and you're able
to kind of juggle them like you knew
what flavor this one like you knew what
this one wanted and then we went to the
movies like you can count balance all
the moment I was so cool oh thank you
okay your turn
oh you have to ask me okay what was it
about yourself that made you realize
that they were the one so will Holman in
my life did I realize that you were the
one for me
oh yeah guys are so tricky because it's
all a reverse reverse what woman in your
line my life yeah in real live them I
was the one for you and I shared with
you Oh probably like the first time I
ever laid eyes on me I think Dan is a
hard I've never thought of it like that
right yeah cuz I just go around like
slain women so it's just just hard
Oh what is happy uh I know what their
specific instance I almost don't know
this question right yeah I don't know if
there's anything that I've ever done
that you're like she's doing really yeah
I've broken down physical I broke down
emotional I broke down so many things
well you've told me like I got a pic
back I totally did do this big back so
much awesome you know all those laughs
right here so that's your final answer
guys you're a big dick bag I'll go play
it off
who has the thickest back of them all
and that's not all guys are way bigger
bathtub but I mean I guess for me that's
your answer for me I remember what I
said about that so that is you give up
I don't think might you can pull
something out of here as to you more you
know I don't know I really don't know
really no okay fine
ah so when we were friends I thought it
was super annoying but there was
something about in the night I always
was intrigued by I didn't know what it
was because he's my friend I was in a
relationship I never really entertained
the thought but there was always
something really special about him I
really liked how he was not like this
dude always chasing after girls so he
was very gentlemanlike he was also the
friend that was always trying to connect
everyone and include everyone so I
thought that was awesome too um and then
he was also really really funny he
didn't give a shit so then the way he
dressed like he would always had like
these uh Mike got was Annie hot no not
me high quarter legs oh yeah quarter
links flat socks that were great because
he would wear them all the time my dad I
loved him okay they're so they're not
black and more they're gray who were
always with basketball George and then
he would wear like his goes to the abyss
shirt he had like I don't know 10 of
them that he would always like just wear
the same shit over and over again um his
hair was was always cut too he was in
the military at that time but then he I
cut it myself so excited every week yeah
it was always a fresh cut but then he
wouldn't have any product in it so it
would just stand up so just there's all
these things about him that I thought
was really would be cool but then once
we were snowed in and Big Bear and I
realized that like he was just a really
cool person also that just so happens to
feel like I know if you guys have ever
felt this but then um maybe with your
best friends or even a significant other
like a student should meet them you feel
like you've known them like your whole
life it was one of those moments when we
were snowed in and I'm like holy shit
like this guy had to be the one like
I've never felt this was anyone else
like this is this house just has to be
it like this has to be like real love
true love
um and I think that very moment with the
past he kind of came together and then
it just kind of solidified how much I
love them one fine my turn
good question of three what would be
your spouse's ideal
okay glad to answer for you what I think
you might donate would be um wow I can
go so many different directions but his
ideal date would have to be you've
changed so much
actually yeah recently you've changed so
much so pop it has been more about since
we had this new edition coming and he's
been more about just kind of building
our immediate family whereas before it
was building the whole the big family
which was our parents but then it would
also include a JK people barbel people
so now he's really focused on just us
too so I think I don't know if I should
ask this as best Center is now but I
guess for now I'll answer that your
ideal gate with the three of us would be
um and the dogs so that's actually the
six of us would be some on a beach maybe
with a bonfire that sounds fun uh and
then just yeah I think that's it yeah
it's pretty much it where we take a
home-cooked meal or something like
something low-key yeah I really like
low-key stuff there pretty much it
pretty much I think I love the beach I
love us I love our dogs and I love
cooking so if we can cook beyond the
beach and just be really lazy does want
to go on the water come back down to
connect on the sand just like eight to
twelve hours of not really having any
schedule schedule rocky so it's your
ideal for real yeah I nailed it yeah
okay
I mean mosfets ideal date is uh we stay
home hell yeah
and we're so busy we don't really get a
chance to enjoy our home but we love
love our home and almost every weekend
roll over a little and that's how we say
but then it gets occupied with other
things so I think it'd be to stay home
and then maybe order some food so we can
eat both with both of what we want and
then watch a movie and then bare
theatres and then usually we continue
upstairs after that movies over and
watches a dumb show Oh a really
something
oh so much dog shows I think this
happens available easy
I'm pretty CUNY yeah that's pretty ideal
yeah I'm a big introvert I think I'm not
to the extreme level of introvert but
I'm introverted enough to where if
there's more than like three people
around me including him and our dog then
it's too much stimulus for me and I'm
just like exhausted so I think that's my
ideal like just staying home because I
love this place getting food delivered
because I'm lazy spud and just turning
off my brain and just getting into a
movie I agree yep damn you put it good
you're putting good question number four
what is the first thing your spouse
would buy if they won the lottery you
should know this one off the top of your
head by tamama house
oh I was gonna pick it up oh that's very
good
I like yours those in white road I would
actually bother you no I think I would
talk me through that first but I think
my my imagination got the best of me on
that well what was it
supply my mama house I think after my
magician settles and I come back down to
reality I would do that first
yeah I would want mom house I would buy
my family you know how this cuz I know
my brother strutting about to shut up my
big brother who I know is watching us
right now Tito I love you um yeah I was
probably by the mall houses first but my
imagination said I finally have that big
plot of land so I can have a little
animals that's the waters pretty shirt
all right uh yeah oh you know that you
want to buy your mom a house cuz that's
what you always talk about yeah I have
them make them up one two and then
Paloma help yeah yeah okay good that was
good you brought them back down to
reality because I was already thinking
of some wild shit okay so the first
thing that your spell survive is they
want a lottery for you um reality you
would what would you do for cloud bar
cuz I know you like a lot of toys and
then
so I think you would probably buy your
dream home first cuz you gallon Zillow a
lot and if you don't know what Zillow is
it's just that it's just the site where
you can see properties that are for rent
or property value and then you can see
how much you know things cost around
whatever area you're thinking of moving
into so he frequents that um and and I
think I think he would probably buy your
dream home all right
oh really there's a minute yeah Mike so
my dream I want to look at on Zillow um
it's pretty expensive but it's not
unattainable yeah it's not like thirty
million yet not letting the models like
celebrity houses were it's like you need
an army it is uh but if you want to on
like five hundred million dollars you
still would invite away look I don't
need a palace I don't need a hundred
rooms like all the all the houses that
look at on Zillow they're barely I guess
the function is out of a normal house
but the spacing is just there you know
like a regular house when you put the
bed in there's only like two
configurations yeah it has to be against
the wall the houses I like is big enough
where you can put the bed diagonal or
like in the center of the river Center
it's kind of like imperious like you get
creative with it I just want like a
little pool I like one of you so all the
house I've been looking at so like three
or four million so I definitely can't
afford that now but maybe later on in
the future I can and I think even if I
was like what's that blue look like
Emily in Los Angeles oh yeah
so nothing that is just yeah just
because any idiot house in LA could be a
million really shitty like in the hair
so that's a student four million in LA
everywhere else in the United States you
could probably buy this house for five
educator million something like that so
I'm like I'm a very practical guy I just
like open space open floor plan and like
a good feeling good vibes
I don't need golden faucets anything
what about your imagination Martin or
you know my imagination got the best of
me and I had that answer first yeah Oh
remember that one vlog would win can't
being a daddy's uncle's place oh that
cheery and I think apply has a big plot
of outdoor Batman when you don't have
this the Bailey's yeah if you guys
follow Rob Bailey adatom and Bailey's
yeah that big warehouse you
cases cars Porsches trucks got fucking
Billy Goats QA range all kinds of stuff
in their backyard is so cool and it's so
cuz they don't go hunting because
they're vegan so all the animals that
are on their land they raise they use
the animals to lure the humans in and
they shoot the humans that's awesome I'm
down I don't do that but that's not cool
well we kind of know each other and it
how altered would it be if we thought
all these answers wrong I think we would
have to really have any conversation
about relationship I just work on what
okay all right why does that concludes
our CUNY Q&A what do we call this CUNY
Q&A do you know your CUNY there kitty
yeah video you know your spouse video
yeah how long do you know your
boyfriend/girlfriend video that's a good
one so what's the most clickbait we sit
panelist cuz people oughta watch it born
as titles video I don't know my
boyfriend we're breaking up this all of
that one that was that make you guys
want to click on a morning system now or
should we be honest and like five
lukewarm questions that make us learn
about each other no no no not that
entertaining now or we're getting too
sidetracked
ultimately we hope you enjoyed this
video I know again that I love filming
these just because I get to take a
cruise down memory lane with my
big-headed weasel but yes they're more
these videos you guys would like to
watch please write them in the comments
below write anything in the comments
below so that we know what you guys want
to see more of a lot of these videos I
love you guys and I can't wait to see
you guys next time
