just got to JK party it's been a pretty
frantic morning a car because I was in
the car and while I was driving my mom
calls me but I was in a talk with Gio
serious talk and then my mom's best
friend text me cuz my mom's not even
cell phone so she's texting me they call
your mom card Obama kosha what's going
down and I had to walk the dogs to go
pee and poo and because we know that
meatloaf is expensive I usually try to
keep a close eye on them when I'm
walking over dicks I don't want them to
buy any random small dogs kinda fight
there's a lot of small dogs in our
building and so while I was walking them
back I'm like okay I got a I got a
double dick dildo take the phone with my
mom have to start Jake you've hardly
enough time to bounce off eating so
while I'm trying to settle this issues
when Mom wish for a moment is up just
having a problem with one of her
property and she wants me to go and talk
to him after the tenant that I was
telling her that I actually don't have
some time chose me to go do it tonight
it can gave me like 7 to 14 days notice
I can do it because my schedules already
packed doing that while trying to make
sure that meatloaf doesn't bite any
random dog that uh jump out which thank
goodness someone did and then in the
middle of it I forgot that I forgot to
bring my meal so I don't even have lunch
but then a good thing I texted you
little purchases yes I could still get
my order in so now I'm online trying to
figure out what my or money for lunch
I'm just building my little poke people
so I think I'm going to get two large
pokeballs for two white right just
trying to keep it healthy friendly still
so probably only like cucumber onions
and then
my specimen oil and pop positive and I
got locked up so I've just laid to go
but man this morning was crazy it was
just I'm good that all that is settle
now and now a magician party mode and
now I can relax and perform and be happy
on camera without worrying about
meatloaf killing everybody and all the
problems my mom dropped off this morning
whenever we're playing JK party these
guys are always brainstorming and
watching the monitors to make sure the
gameplay goes good and so this is the
team the game masters and they can be
almost every angle here you can see the
tables every angle door wide the
close-ups and then they make sure that
the game is one being played correctly
no one's cheating and three that it's
entertaining and sometimes they'll throw
in like a crazy twist that none of us
see coming if it is an interesting left
which is awesome soldiers always all use
heads making sure that the game is being
played in a fair entertaining way look
at all these freakin launcher - so
everyone is designated and has their own
luck so that all the audio is nice and
clean and then it all feeds into this
big old weekend mixer sound board and
then Ken's on the ones and twos to make
sure the audio is nice what happens when
you hear something bad happen like
someone's audio cuts out or like you
hear a big scratch on the shirt you go
actually I would hold and then you give
the mic problem but it's like a signal
problem I just kind of walk over there
like I move the antennas closer to you
guys yeah yeah oh the ridge acceptance
is better yeah like if it's like
completely messed up I'll just have
everyone cut and then we'll restart yeah
it was like the safest way yeah so
there's all ton of stuff that goes into
making sure that the video and the audio
is nice and crisp there's lights there's
camera people now I got to go change
because we just finished this game which
I was wearing orange and in the next
game I am team red Cairo Cairo
what team are you on team red or blue
I'm not this one oh you're okay jealous
team wrestler means you're on the same
team
is there another red shirt over there
yeah you'll be getting extra large
you're gonna steam it for you right now
okay cool I tell where a large give this
is large a uh oh oh you're gonna get you
it okay thank you you're welcome
ma bear yeah what are you eating oh it's
delicious
don't meal is fruits whoo what did you
put in there I just oatmeal water
Noblet honey blueberry strawberry looks
calm you know what else I would put in
there yeah but give you a little cooking
secret if you want to yogurt chocolate
you can put all those things but one
thing to kind of maintain the taste of
that and beefing it up without without
people really knowing it's just like a
little bit of vanilla extra pop it in
there people will go WOW then they won't
even know what it is if you put peanut
but they'll know yeah maybe you should
just let the know extract this but
really bombing our time yeah actually I
do it looks really good I do you slip in
a way like it's ramen yeah you gotta
take a bite of the strawberry it's
really sweet here - mmm mmm mmm it's
really good right yeah I could pinch the
honey is so yummy very anything damn you
killed it that's way better than any old
mill you ever get at McDonald's or
anywhere
yeah oh you're on Team Blue you're a
different team than me - phone Oh guys
were stuff we're gonna beat you okay
Boyd please come on the password game
are you guys gonna beat us because so
we're playing is password game was this
one person you have a card and it has
the word on it right like let's say like
like booty and the person that has is
the host or the hospital person will go
but they can only say one word to make
their teammate guess what that word is
and because girls have that connection
they can literally say anything the word
could say x-ray and they can go Magic
Mountain and then Julia will go x-ray
and I'm not the fuck and then for me
there's this button around earlier with
me and Josh and I tell Jah the word is
naked okay I tell Josh clothes list
what did he say I give him the little
definition of the word naked clueless
and then who said I don't know
no no tips that are fit and then he said
oh yeah so like that's that's Josh
Josh's wavelength and then I said closer
than he probably said skin cream or
something crazy so the girls definitely
are really good at communicating the
guys are not go to JK parties and watch
that video but it's pretty amazing and
magical to see how well girls can
communicate with just their like with
their ovaries little buddy almost packed
yes the food came and danced on Sansa
Thank You Julian for order neap okay
because I forgot to bring my lunch okay
open up for me - opposed take care of me
that's your job however when do I get
other everyday shit bag yeah I'm hungry
thank you is this something you're asked
for puns it oh yeah so do you know yeah
yeah I'm hungry so I was like you notice
how many pokey I love okay
but I never get full because I just eat
it and then it's so light that my body
just of viruses so I got two of them
today and I'm thinking thinking about
putting some flaming hot cheetos on it
because we have the baked one so it's
50% left that make that is it okay yeah
for Grandma let's listen hell yeah
programs a fact - I get a drink
what what what Oh gran what you doing
over here
huh did you even trainer today I did
I'll come into some of your videos
where's your top that's at 3/4 yeah yeah
I'm over tomorrow
I got to record it off of our camera god
dammit I need to see yourself how much
both coach you
they went really well no I'll say that
my keys are over there okay I've ever
been to the JK party night no never you
never seen it before Wow
are you serious oh wait is it the house
yeah oh I'm about to give you a tour buy
mine give you 20 more give me boy no you
don't get a toy digital a goat
exfoliating okay I gotta bring some hops
over so you can't see right now please
my truck back there real quick yeah it's
gonna be like like it like literally you
can't see I'll be she's gonna be like
five seconds yeah okay okay okay let me
grab the keys give it to you so they're
always doing secret shit because they
want to wow us and get our Jim reactions
on camera so when we eat crazy shit or
do crazy shit we really don't know
what's happening before yeah there you
go
I love you chop thank you and I know the
real reason why not maybe modify it crop
and why it's a coma home hmm more under
he doesn't have it oh yes the coma the
other form
oh he hasn't a coma I'll put money on it
and the farm there's it's on video with
the Angels thicker in the back oh we got
it all so you're so familiar at the
backseat are you know the bad little car
oh the boy is free in the bag you guys
are Nazis
we're on break look at these cute ass
motherfuckers
oh so cute look at these two lovers on a
mission from God in the middle of
shooting we got kicked out and I think
it's because they're trying to build
something secret and they're always up
to no good so we're playing this game
called nuzzle what and they put
something we blindfold ourselves a pinch
off my nose look at salinity and I think
the goal is to make us make out or
something and now they have a kicked out
of here and I'm not sure why but earlier
Kip and Julia had a big old rule between
their faces they look like a porno what
do you think is next I have no idea
what's next um yeah I don't know they
kicked me out so I am part of the
planning process but because I'm also
cast when it comes to specific things
that we're doing because Nathaniel
Brooks
yeah like the actual gameplay stuff yeah
um
because nothing is rigged I don't ever
know like I'll get kicked out so all of
these props and stuff I don't know what
we're doing I think you know it's a
pregnant thing which is yeah when I ask
unless you're Julia got down
everyone's making funny noises Joe
earlier I was like petting the plant
we've yeah she's like looking at it was
like do you not just know you're trying
to take care of his plant is reviving
them I think they died not too long ago
but John's doing a good job of bringing
it back to life it's real Oh barking
it's coming back Melo's what are you
guys doing the colonists now you need
our noses they need our noses plug
before come in why tell me why what you
don't want you to have an advantage I'm
playing here okay is this an instruction
you'll need us to come in right now
ah just I'll let you know when you need
to come in okay yeah big kick and you
were like Heidi yeah
are you you are moving is not hearing my
voice he s s always talk to do a baby I
know baby already knows my voice every
time I talk to the Babbitt and always we
can go in yup ready damn it
well laugh at that Oh
all right game time what is this this is
ultimate hot wing challenge and what
we're going to do is you guys get six
wings and you're going to try it from
level one all the way through six and
you can get all the way to level six
you're the champion so what does a
champion get oh yeah you get the props
man yeah yeah thank you for at least
warming it up so it could be warm and
delicious oh yeah but we won't be cold
by the time you eating them yeah every
game on JK party is pretty much a way to
either blow our buttholes and flick pain
or some sort of hardship but at least
through the last game of the day so once
we finish this we get to relax and go
back to normal life
and not be stressed out this is what's
become of our new Jake a new set so
originally we thought was going to be
awesome looks like a talk show which is
what JK news is we have lights all set
up the entire system all built in we had
monitors so we can see the articles in
the pictures better custom-made table
and now has become a storage place for
JK party we put all our random stuff
here spin wheel kind of sucks but I get
what you guys are saying there's a lot
of people in the comments there saying
that it looks kind of fake but that was
the goal that may not be segment to up
the production value and to make it look
more presentable and more professional
because we were trying to fix Jay King
news on a TV show on point so
okay why not us take the first step and
see how much better we can make it so
now we just have this big empty space
that we haven't really been able to
utilize let us know if you would like to
see Jay King news or here again and let
us test test here again because so far
we've been shooting at the old office
which still has a familiar feel and the
cameras will the bootleg everything's a
little more boot like but does feel more
real right so I don't maybe we're able
to give this place one more time I'm
going to one more chance because it
looks feels like such a waste and if we
don't we definitely got to figure out
what we should do to kind of repurpose
this place because we just have this
huge studio and half of it convenience
or JK party which is doing great but the
other half is just storage and it's a
really nice nice storage we just
finished the last JK party game which is
eating the hot wings and it wasn't that
bad I think we got very well trained
from the Ghost Pepper and the Carolina
Reaper challenge but because I ate seven
wings which is not what I was going to
come for for my diet today I'm gonna
have to do some cardio to burn it off
but I had to eat it for JK parties i'ma
head on over to the office which is
really cool because um I have a
treadmill there so I don't have to go to
the gym I can just go there being off
the cardio that I need you today and I'm
not done with my day however I still oh
I still have a JK news editors dinner we
just like to eat together once a month
so we can all bond because it won't work
so hard so I got a stage here for that
and I think mob bear just going to head
home because uh there's no point for her
to just stay here this whole time and
wait for me stuff i'ma do my cardio and
I like to you a little bit I'm at Honda
yeah now what the JK news editors are
having a really cool bonding dinner
to kind of commemorate all the hard work
that they put in
we got the week day after day everyone's
here and you're not eating and earlier
from the hot wings oh I don't feel that
good so I think I might get a porridge
actually which I've never got hit I
always be Joe and David getting it and
it looked bomb so I think hey which
parts you usually get I get that part
Ogdensburg Oh actually I don't get that
here I get it at three euro oh I gotta
here once but it's I guess something
called a those three it's kind of like
go Philly yeah
I had chicken and I had mushroom the ten
bunch of alert
gosh I've had this hot yes I then we
give up like that because I actually
feel really bleep because I think I got
over speed away from the spice on my eat
some sort of a porch and if I get had a
protein of kana sighs yeah I'm Cara your
main salmon what are you going to get
Jackie that's earlier I have like my
whole like a something in those pages on
Breyers my dad like heartburn trying to
figure out with me devotion I did that's
like a flower for me - yeah I thought
Julia sleepy hook yeah do you foresee
from the cottage gave all of us hungry
yeah that's not what something Sookie oh
I know I'm again so I'm not gonna get
the part I'm gonna get my good ol beef
food on its bomb here I'm gonna get my
beef udon you get a side of me then
we'll get something side of chicken yep
so that's it I'm end the vlog here
there's not a spend time with my JK news
peeps
so I don't want to keeping the camera of
the interrupting because although it's
really cool to share my life with you
guys it does kind of put a hindrance in
actual real life relationships and we're
here to bond so put the camera away good
night everybody
