finally what's happening so finally
finally Mike came down and I have a
helper to help build our home gym we're
laying off the platform right now and
right before you got here or actually
kind of freaking out they're like oh
fuck you don't have all the pieces and
we don't know where it would be because
we have a ton of stuff then we found the
connecting pieces last minute oh cool
actually going to be able to finish the
platform it's not like putting together
a living room where you're like oh we
don't have the couch it's cool put the
chairs and things like this is fucking
heavy
it's so like if we don't have to base or
like well dang can we go to squat rack
out here and then try to drag it in yeah
how do you think it's an internal you
think you measured it properly and
everything's gonna fit oh yeah where was
her room academically but we do the
Benjamins I did with the fucking we're
going after you cabinet no I measured it
where it's going to be a dick of
rootless being is eight feet tall
readiness is seventy so that's why place
the Oh Mike sent warmer there it is
seven feet mister Tennessee this is so
don't even fit on that medal if you have
to oh it's going to be here because
originally I wanted the gym over here
know how to be close to the outdoors but
it's just not going to fit it wasn't
this sending a half-pipe them back in
the rack is about ele but what if it's
wider than this it's not what it
oh damn look at that china confident
measures it I trust your measurements
more than mine I believe I have faith in
you honestly tell you that are you
discriminating cuz I built a bull shit
that I showed you guys yesterday I built
that motherfucker and that guy was
supposed to go in here oh god I'm so
stupid it was to go in here right and
you didn't pick chipped it here and was
forcing it but I failed to measure the
molding because I should not be in
charge of any sort of interior design I
suck I don't even know why I thought I
should do it let me tell you kids to
believe in yourself is you could achieve
anything you want that's bullshit
because sometimes you just suck okay and
I realize that I shouldn't be building
shit
Oh damsel strong yeah the boys the
knives and heavy metal all right says
Bart and Mike are constructing and
erecting our gym I knew you were going
to like that word you're putting
together you're going to write something
I've never wrecked anything in my life
that's a bummer I think you need to see
a physician to that little girl
we have a fucking psychotic dog it's
about 90 degrees out it doesn't feel
like it out here because there's a
breeze but it's like 90 degrees and this
mofo refuses to get out of the truck he
loves it he just like jumped in there on
his own and he's like see you later
geezers
so look at him he's been there for like
30 minutes me love c'mere c'mere is that
puppy that puppy got Janet meelo so
weird
there you go
yeah you can not dance this eerie wonder
so it's blocked enough blastin broke
fuckin shit I was exiting I gotta take
that it's always tighten those two tight
doses first I'm talking about blasting
to the top like ten minutes he can't
wait and Mike's like no wait we can't do
that yet we got to do this the correct
way and Bart's like cool fine a minute
later
can we blast it now that's why Mike's
like finally freaking blaster sense
you're sure homie for even helping I
reckon he'll be all he would not be for
shit
he said it where's that from that one
love so in the other blog that he's
referring to he was buying his
workstation and then just this joke
Filipino salesman that's like telling
them about different colors that
represent different type of tools so
craftsmen's red I don't know what
request exist but Lowe's which we were
at Lowe's has their private brand called
COBOL and it's all blue so then Bart
wanted everything to be all blue that's
why I'm a branding we just finished the
platform
I used my branding power drill and all
of these nothing bull a hella tight well
the parts that I got this is not a brand
deal not a brand deal but I'm really
happy with this because uh did you know
that this package comes with what are
you doing
whoa Wow
this this thing came with two to two
guns I guess so once this one if this is
the kind of gossip ransom Oh shitty
because the comedies what if I want to
get you to segue talk about your mother
why are you school bees so but this is
awesome
yeah good launch it goes like this good
it's time that like the rule you don't
want people that wearing headphones
there's like God you fucked up
did your cobalt fucking suck no it's
supposed it's detachable Oh bro did your
hater beer laying ray I got a you posted
are you running barber brigade right now
am i what run a barber brigade right on
bro no it hurts my feelings
what are you talking about this turns my
feelings like how super excited to take
our friendship to the next level and
obviously bar and I already kind of work
together but really be a part of the
barber brigade family more official so
like this is for skaters going somewhere
what is it what is that did you post IDs
no why would I post that I would never
cook you you make fun of my face all the
time
Evan posted you read it what do you say
that's not that that was that you know I
don't have access to it here
I said it I'm a basketball that you can
see you can hear everything and I you
could see it very much yeah I would tell
you to your face for a while we don't
want this your maybe the baby really
upset I'd appreciate the verbal abuse
man next step is to build squat rack so
we're going we're going old school on
this where instead of looking at the
direction we're just trying to figure it
out
lay down yeah oh look I know what is
that I'm so - ative I didn't need that
there you're not handy I thought why she
looks Li go to school Rohan - why do
more handy you ever seen the show home
improvement yeah I'm the handiest holy
shit those are some of the biggest books
I've ever seen oh look at that
so we're going to lay this out and since
Mike have directions already which I
just spit it out from here but uh it
should look pretty cool so we ran into a
problem
my brandine kit does not solve all
problems well we have this big-ass
fucking bolt and I'm looking in the tool
kit that I bought and even the biggest
one it doesn't say any of them kind of a
bitch
so now in the middle of building this we
have all the parts laid out now I think
I'm gonna have to go buy it just because
it's going to take forever to do it by
hand cuz I've so many look I have a
whole bag of them their whole bags on
there so this is gonna put a little
hindrance on my progress but I guess I
should be happy because that just means
that rogue is using that much more
industrial shit so it should last way
longer and amount of weight that will be
handling here hey you guys know how much
I squat Oh better safe than sorry
oh you smiling at me what do you mean
okay so how are you doing over there
writing it backwards huh delivery okay
so you're one of those back writers that
discuss being so dog you like school and
we will fill in the back of the truck
we're right here type the size of a
big-ass quarter is it a dangerous spider
well yes right here if that guy's huge
that guy is huge meanwhile meatloaf is
still in the back of the truck
hallo isn't it hot in there the set of
directly under fades you want to get out
I guess you like it being in there okay
so now we're at Sears and it's the
closest place to my house that would
have that level quality of schools and I
don't know if I'm a hood hopin going
from cobalt at Lowe's to craftsman at
Sears I hope that Filipino guy doesn't
get mad at me because he did say
craftsman is red which is this and he
was said that I'm a blue guy and this is
red guy so I don't want to get in
trouble but I hope it's okay because I
really want to get this done so I don't
want to cause any type of tool gang beef
I'm just trying to do what's right
do you see any sockets or anything
happening so there's a but as a wall of
I don't know what this stuff is I need
something with like a I did bring I did
bring the bolt so that's good you see
something or now but we need a certain
size right yeah so it's got to fit this
wasn't it it each 24 I don't know even
though that means yes craftsman but it's
not red okay everything else is right
here how about at least this is just
metal I feel like yeah we even bigger so
like all my other cobalt brothers are
gonna hate on me here's more no that's
not it that's enough
oh this single they sell single ones
yeah okay so I found some single ones oh
holy shit look how big this one is
damn it
jkerner now this is huge you can play
these question oh yeah right give me an
we'll play yeah show me what you learn
that wall door I like that song not bad
right yeah we don't need that this isn't
coming with us money where's the pole
buddy dad I didn't see the tape now Oh
almost does it and after check one more
piece this is the part that goes onto
the tail just the back of how'd you do
that do what I break my yeah we're gonna
buy anyway the sooner boom done awesome
that's sick just got back home how much
money do you guys want to bet that
meatloaf is probably still in the back
of the truck if I know my boy he wants
to be with his mom and he likes being in
the truck let's see what the hell does
two of them in there what happened
Ricky wanted to go in ruin yeah she got
up I think she needs four really good
oh my goodness you know you guys know
we're not going anywhere right today is
garage building day all right well we
got the part so let me get to work
alright so we decided to take a break
from building and organizing and by
building I'm not those injection it's
Bart and sound like here are just taking
a quick break and why are we taking a
break because I'm here you wants to do a
barbecue for me I demanded one what not
because they like them but we're just
trying to be cool to have a little
barbecue we got some leftover food we
trying to get rid of it expire so we'll
feed it to money as opposed to talent
when you bring it onto a nice fire well
they're like a like you get this nice
chicken that's eight weeks old and we're
going to have this revived
yeah we just wanted to cry I don't know
I just mean under what are going to go
to a Del Taco actually and get fresh
fruit
del Taco perfect Mexican food did you
like your Masha knocking you like your
chicken tacos it's opal I don't know if
I've ever had it I do die trying to not
eat like fats fats food so you're not
kind of fast food no comment Chipotle
oh you know I am sodium Li yeah whoa
whoa
or even like chick-fil-a I consider
that's also sodium but I like it's not
as bad as del Taco or like McDonald's
where you seen their mush yes
you haven't seen too much is all why
you're talking all they're nugget that's
not a fucking nugget thank you guys they
say that's in everything they say that's
the burgers they say that's everything I
know that's why I I don't if I do eat it
I probably just get cheeseburger yeah 8y
delight I bet you that egg at that
motion that burgers not most probably
you need to get other fries I for all
forever always get uh you will I want
always they argued McDonald's just came
out with like a fancy menu you see that
they just stop doing that shit they need
to recognize that they're just all
garbage it's kind of get occurs I had a
grilled chicken salad I know the be
shamanic Donald why you fuckin right
machine things because it's that asian
shit what company is it zojirushi hahaha
hey sup day I must hated not good but
you're all about the fucking COBOL this
American ass blue drill and then you get
some Kobayashi looking rice maker
that's how gangster is so okay I know
why people love fixing shit I gotta buy
white ball tool you're just using Asians
love cooking ships I gotta get Asian
appliances you're just fueling our
fuckin economy you don't even care about
our master craft yes I do
I hope we're in the water thing what
what's the water thing what was it and
your hot water I love that me no this is
how fucking dope I am I got matching
rice cooker with water boilers what
about the coffeemaker what about the
coffee mate oh yeah Asians don't drink
coffee
that's why I have to go with the white
people cuisine iron is it was introduced
ah it's good tonight bro bro I'm going
to teach it'll really drink coffee pop
pour over I'm going to buy you a thing
and I'll buy you some beans and with
your hot water thing it'll be sick it'll
be faster than your drip
LT ten times so I can't you how to eat
kale is ready is what is gonna have
certified you're making me tacos you're
all division shit you're making me
fucking tacos and preaching about Delphi
you're in via the right sort into a nah
maybe pile I wasn't planning on cooking
those kids or else or to you those are
the real two tiers you fucking Cheetos
we had the best tortilla than those
other paper Mexican people I need you
guys to back me up well authors
so this motherfucker over here bought
these fake-ass three tacos Archaea I
look like a cracker well that was no
small fucking Street talking turkey eyes
are so good and this fool is calling my
shit fake it's a little bit fake just
because it's the commercial brand
because we all know the real shit
fucking shit that's made out of my
Eastern shit those are the yellow ones
but I grew up with fucking get it all
right this is the shit right here yeah
hey so yes that's I grew up with and I
grew up with it we're juices boy you
know she just bought it for us Wow Thank
You somebody listens to me
did you die I'll whip another Bible
look I bought it you love me which help
you help me I think you get no shit I
know she actually love me I want to
drink some material just naked it's just
your Saint Central imma drink some
fucking soda gratis you go to hide
that's bullshit go to whatever I never
you everybody is a lot of all kinds of
do I do after notch okay no boy we have
a cereal party but I'm not again I get
sassy really got a light for some
country here Coco Pablo all foxy any
bunch of those susan coach - well
there's also Froot Loops
and odor Applejack what do you have
anything about that I don't want that
any but what I don't like chocolate mint
yonder are you to measure it
well hey we're fuckin losing weight dude
I'll measure easily how much you want a
comforter yes 50 grams right we have a
real ad card I plan I want some god what
oh my girls are you gonna drink this
milk last days yes
wait the real shit what people can
handle luck yeah don't love your night
don't connect what not a fuck don't know
what it was them have you ever had a
fair wife yeah bro bear lion bear fair
life returnable That's Gary funny about
this yeah I'm down i paralyzed they take
regular milk okay he'll throw it and
then they filter through some of the
lock codes so it's already lower in
lactose if you have stomach issues and
then / out the proteins way higher so
it's basically like a protein shake but
it's just like milk it's not something
so right now tastes just like Safran off
Oh awesome I love that thing I don't
like I don't want to either I'd like 13
grams of protein in like five carbs per
serving it any task you need to get
fertilized obviously it's a little more
expensive but it fucking is it's 9 grams
of protein that's not nice the cards are
ten or nine twelve yeah it almost flips
that oh shit
damn gotta listen to Kaizen there's a
little update we uh what was it what in
the world you're on right now Buford so
we arrested the boss what are you doing
so an art hahaha what is this art
gallery this animated 409 is beautiful
light rain frizzy fun meatloaf so all I
gotta do now is tighten all the little
bolts in there and then put on the
weight tree which Salim Mike is already
setting up and we're getting pretty
close to finished it's looking really
good it looks really really sturdy and
can't wait to have my first workout in
actually
Martha man no Jim other day Ted pretty
much completely done and then the demon
then me came over and what how do I say
no this caused by Oh what are you doing
it's very gonna scratch the fire listen
even to a serious run fun okay huh I see
yeah you catch them so technically on
these guys are like a really small bar
ball you can put on like 500 pounds if
you want to holy somehow okay Jones
almost good love it with you could
probably put three forty five percent
maybe like four or five forty five no
way resentful yeah I think the party on
a different day when we're primarily
yeah let's go max effort one-arm
deadlift with that and forty five every
hella fun and freakin snap our back and
we're coming up on people still coming
out now whatever fitness nineteen really
so I started a phone don't add I do
really like this floor so it is
dinnertime now and I want to show you
guys something really cool that I got
from Crate and Barrel and it's the
lights appear but if if you really
doesn't illuminate much maybe I might
need stronger bulbs but it is
battery-powered not that'd be really
cool whenever we eat out here um so it
looks cute and Papua is doing his little
cooking thing I got these new charcoal
yeah
and um I'm sorry it's fancy
yeah I kind of backfired oh no my
jockeys because a lot of Brazilian
barbecue produces natural Mesquite
and you bought huge bags yeah but
because they're so irregularly shaped it
doesn't really burn evenly
so like you don't have any charcoal at
all that you can mix in I can't but I
just want to test it out so now it looks
kind of funny but the flavor supposed to
be really really good so we'll see uh so
it's irregularly shaped which means it's
not going to catch a good part well as
if some parts are really hot some parts
are really um Oh since it might be
inconsistent I just kind of like show a
good job of practicing what are
passionate about putting on each certain
areas it's just uh make sure I even yeah
but I'm not really happy that we have a
barbecue today one good I always love
cooking and then to be able to let me
make food none of my fears there's such
a family event you know yeah like that
ironically that's actually the thing
that connected me to the Fast and
Furious movies about that's and Dad that
barbecue yeah sadly that sounds so funny
cuz everyone makes fun of that part
otherwise be people thinking Coronas I
don't bother with you um I don't know
about our I do when all everything I
want to take care out is done the next
things is different relaxing but again
it is a lot of all this which I know but
I'm not in care about - sure
everything's everywhere right now but I
do feel it when everything's in order
I am proud of myself why we do lottery I
know we really did really good my
freaking heels are hurting so bad who
was it okay I'm standing on Pacific
Games that's why I bought upcycle worm
health wise well I mean no one really
comes out here it's pretty squeamish ish
and I'll use the mat over there to wipe
my feet what's on the menu so it's a
really efficient day we have revised
that we froze on a while ago and I just
sees it a minute mama batta mom thought
ahead and she throws other really
slather we and then we and mama bought
some seasoned chickens
so that what I want for such but when
other people season I always get scared
I don't know how I got even know why I
bought that season horses I always get
scared buying it in the market cause it
submit as is that they use older meets
all in a matter yeah
was it by the perfect I don't know I
think I was just hungry I was a hungry
shoppers okay
so party goes up so it's been marinating
excuses like I only assume it's gonna be
a little bit that I recently covered up
that true do we have that and then we
have white rice that pop was making its
already ready and then we have a some
salad that the kids brought over to have
a good chef
it's a young yeah dinner is served the
meat came out really really good we
chopped it up and I made a garlic butter
to go on top of it all I did was
seasoning with salt and pepper and
that's all that over there and we're
eating right now
when you're watching a vine compilation'
Oh how's the food is it yummy yeah so
probably gonna call it night here
because I'm just going to eat and I
don't talk anymore so see you guys
me later but uh yeah you're going to say
yes
