morning little babies okey-dokey
Sookie is the cute good job yay my
doesn't know how to use the frickin
doggie door
whoo okay I just woke up so sorry for
the lack of energy um today pallbearers
doing some stuff with this other company
called Kaizen it's this program fitness
company if you're trying to lose weight
for whatever reason I had to just go to
Kaizen calm because there's a program
right for you anyway I'm just supporting
my men but anyway um so he's doing all
that today so you're stuck with me I
think you go to the DMV so that I can
get my license the address on my license
updated and so that I can pick up some
really special plates that I got made
back in December I think and they're
super cute so hopefully I get them today
so that I can show the Kia's but other
than that let's get them on the fucking
day started what you're just going to
lay down like that what what are you
just going to stretch like that how dare
you four get it fine kiss one kiss one
kiss one gives off beautiful good luck
to give up scratch well lift my lungi
and view is closed because it's the
holiday that's coming up on terminal 1
holidays Labor Day or something like
that so I can't get anything from there
but now I am it's happiness on I'm going
to go to support exchange to make up it
about online it was the wrong shade but
yes early morning no one's here
everything's like really bad who usually
it's really packed here
dang cruel okay just finish on Sephora I
spent way too damn much money can't wait
to show you guys what I got but now
since we're still working on our house I
am at cratenbarrel
mmm they're cute don't know what I would
put in there because we just don't have
any food at home does that oak buggy
good like I think I pretend like I can
smile this stuff
the cost of is so cute I'm not use it
like what ours is for what is this cross
protectors okay if you say so how is it
a dusting one where you want dust on
your food okay I know these are
measuring cups and spoons oh my god with
the fucker day why is it so cool let's
hold on this where's it's a little this
is what is this oh wow
the pancakes so big is my head I know
what this is my parents my MoMA has this
it's a multi hitman and now when you're
making salsa listen my mom's making
salsa shall roast the pepper or the
tomato and then she like rinds it all up
like ahead - sucka don't know how to
customize that one thing points for me
look at all this beautiful glass with it
and and wine wear and alcohol aware that
I don't know where and how to use it but
it's very pretty
but strong
would you like some juice how you open
it
for the help perhaps alerted well I
don't like it dude I want one of these I
don't even drink okay wow this is the
pretty fun not sure I like my house
better that's funny about my house I
came here and it was actually set up the
way it is in one of these display room
if you didn't see the vlog barred and I
were like we'll take the room yeah we'll
take the room we didn't even think about
anything we don't know how to freaking
design it is really pretty stuff but I
like my living room better and I didn't
I just went up some stairs and I'm
already fucking tired
alright driving home now
and I'm not gonna look at you guys
because when I Drive and I look at you
guys you guys get really nervous and I
don't want to make you guys nervous
because I'm a very safe driver and I
swear I'm never going to crash complete
Scott yes I'm going home now but not
before I get my motherfuckin ow it's
frickin torture because I'm hungry right
now and I can't eat it oh I'm at a red
light so now I can make eye contact
hi hmm so fucking creepy
um but yeah uh went to cream barrel
didn't really find anything I think I
was looking for more ideas than anything
else and um we're more trying to go
and for God oh I should have turned
anyway went to Ikea I mean whoa mommy
brain Rio Doh went to cream barrel to
try to find something like maybe some
ideas or some inspiration because like I
told you guys while I was in there I
have no real sense of interior design
experience so I was just like well and
they copied the professionals and I
didn't see anything so um just left the
store and it was really cool was when I
talked to my car
I they had this service in the parking
lot where you could just leave your car
and it gets washed and I haven't washed
my car and about Jesus several months
several several several months and I
finally got it washed but I'll show you
guys that when I get home but yeah going
home now I think I'm just going to
unpack and finally do some normal people
things that I absolutely love doing I
love organizing I like I love putting
things away
I like decorating my home I like hanging
all the pictures and artwork that you
guys have sent me so I can't wait to
really get to do that yeah I'll have I
have the house to myself because like I
mentioned before public barriers doing
some content stuff and I'm still being a
safe driver because I'm not looking at
you guys as I Drive so ha ha ha this is
the most Awkward vlog in the world what
would it would it be weird if I like
blog the whole time like this and like
never once address you guys like I
talked to you but it's like never make
eye contact so would it be weird let me
know also never mind if I was going to
say seriously I really forgot what other
to say yeah I'm just going to go home
now
this is getting more awkward the longer
I hold this fucking camera but now I
feel like I need to sign it off a
certain way or else is going to be super
awkward haha gay ed good
all right home now with my little
biggest I'll let them some base kind of
like what the Louis is doing right now
while I eat my food and QD alone which
he stretches you do you like this you
like the glass okay I'm gonna eat now
I'm starving right I don't know if this
is me but it's always so fucking funny
to me so we have a screen door and these
guys either don't see it or they don't
pay attention and they always run into
the screen and see if they do it to
sound if they learn to listen
alright it's close by okay both sides oh
you're smart yes Mart you can write it 2
daughters time what's like Diane I make
you smart joke's on me I sucked as a
parent
yeah motherhood okay so I want to talk
about what I bought at Sephora I'm super
happy with it made two purchases one
commune in and off over the camera oh
good job barn okay
ah the first purchases were made online
December one was what you guys saw when
I was just shopping in there um but
disclaimer to all my guys out there it's
about makeup so if you want to fast
forward this part I don't blame you and
then from a girl I'm not wearing
anything on my face right now so don't
think whatever I'm showing you I've like
actually fun of my face and also I don't
know jack-shit about makeup I've
literally worn drugstore makeup for like
the past forever in my life honestly I
don't think I've ever really insoles
much in like me
brand makeup simply because I've never
felt like I was an expert I was always
just like I'm just gonna bad stuff that
looks and feels okay but recently I just
wanted I've been doing more like
skincare routine so right now I'm trying
to wear a lot less makeup I'm trying to
even out my skin tone because I've
noticed when I do wear makeup and I'm
going in and out of the Sun my skin will
get color in it for my spaceball and
then it just looks really pocketed I'm
not doing it so I was just like I'm not
gonna wear that much makeup so the best
thing to do is you'd buy it before
makeup if they weren't with it but no
seriously since I am on camera like the
ticket party chick film chicky and use
then I figured Oh a barbell I figured
that I should wear makeup on opening
because whenever you're you know cuz
you're going to taking pictures are
getting taken of you or you're on camera
use a little bit more tail than you
normally would in person so you want to
intense you know whatever it is you got
going on on your grill and on your face
and I'm go ahead and on your whatever
anyway enough of my rambling I'm going
to show you guys um what I got and I did
research not too much because I don't
have that kind of time but I did look at
things that I was currently using and
then the comparison so then I was doing
like um you know drugstore comparison so
I would look up NARS or I would actually
look up the name brand of the like stuff
up excuse me I will look up the name
brand of the foundation that was
actually using and then I would try to
find the more expensive version of that
not necessarily because it's more
expensive but just to read the reviews
to see which one was better like the
name brand of the drugstore and name
brand was kind of taking it all so jump
out what I use on daily
wah-wah-wah-wah so initially I was using
Rimmel eyeliner I love using eyeliner
I'm not a big fan of liquid eyeliners
because I don't know how to do it at
ballistics it's too much time I'm
constantly doing my makeup in the car or
on the go
so I don't have time to make it super
perfect or just to learn and I don't
know I just feel like
much of a fine line so doesn't look
natural on me I love them girls do their
eyeliner but um I was using remote I
looked up the Rimmel equivalent and then
it it gave me AB indicate I did tried a
couple times it's a little bit too oily
for me or it's a little soft I guess I
guess maybe I have like well we eyelids
Mimi I don't know that like some more I
would link on this part of my lid it
would touch the brow of it I mean the
the lash lid and then it would just
start rubbing off so I wasn't too much
of a huge fan honest but I'll try I
think I have a solution for it but I got
a try and I'll tell you bout that lil
bit later I did get another brush just
because the brush I was using was dying
and this one's from Tarte so far so good
I like it nothing really different about
a brush um I did get uh what is it
I got a bronzer and blush duo I do use
bronzer and blush like every day so um I
was using I was usually I was using a
Rimmel blush and I switched that out for
a matte not blush I'm using a Rimmel
bronzer and it had glitters a little
more shimmery but just when I outfit for
the same shade but no shimmer and then I
got a blush I just figured it like one
last thing I have to carry because it's
combined so I got that so far so good I
kind of getting into the more orange you
tense and I'll talk about that little
bit later but yeah this was the closest
to it I was currently using so I stuck
with it so far so good long lasting does
it feel weird pigment is cool so keeping
it and then Tarte
Julia actually introduced me to tart
brand I had never heard of it before
just because I just only did drugstore
stuff and I primarily use the shape tape
underneath my eyes and I loved it I
loved into the second one I
and I love it because I mean I don't
have really dark circles but I do have
you know a different color than the rest
of my face and it doesn't it doesn't go
into the creases you know of your eyes
so I love it it smells good it coats
perfectly a little goes a long way
I'm a fan I'm not saying go out and get
it I'm just saying I don't know if you
have if you look like you have the same
skin tone as I do maybe give it a go but
I love it and then I was using fit by
Maybelline or something like that I
don't quite remember
Maybelline yes it was just like this
honestly but um they said that that was
the equivalent of NARS
I tried NARS and this is cool um you
didn't cover as much as the Maybelline
one it goes a little bit on it goes a
little bit lighter than the Maybelline
one I like the way the cover up on the
Maybelline just a little bit more but
also give it a go maybe I'm just not
using it right I already bought it so
might as well just use it oh oh I did
buy a mirror because the other me I was
using just was getting rusty so this was
just a regular pigment regular payment
regular and I think this is magnified
one of these is magnified Oh this times
magnified I thought that was cool
before a brand and then um I just got
since the bronzer I got there's no
shimmer it's so ironic because I wanted
to get a duo that I had one listing to
carry but I bought one more thing so it
kind of came out to do the same thing
but I got this little sampler of a mini
shimmer brick and it brings back the
shimmer in all of the physical I'm not
the worst makeup person ever but bronzer
so I'll add that bronzer then I'll put a
little bit of this on and it creates
this really cute sugar that I like at
least for camera what else um since
especially NYX I've always used this but
this is the darker version I've yet to
find the brand name equivalent so I'm
kind of holding off on that
and then I got YSL mascara initially I
was also using they don't even cover
girl like millionaire lashes or
something like that and that one was
awesome when I looked at at they said
this would be the equivalent tried it
pretty damn good I like that the wand
whose baby doll it says I like us a want
is a little bit smaller than the
covergirl I think it is or Revlon one of
those two I'm the worst so didn't get
all over my eyes like the covergirl
flash for a long one that I think I
would wear but yeah so far I think I
nailed it now with what I bought and I
bought a lot I bought a lot just because
I don't have time to do this type of
shopping and so we I shop I'm like a
very efficient shopper I like to buy it
if I like something I'll buy like three
or four though so that I don't have to
go back to buy it for a long time so
when I some things that I like I'm like
buggy I'm gonna buy it and then I could
just stop thinking about it so here we
go I bought on the Sephora collection is
just a brush collection it comes with an
angled brush about large foundation
brush precision sweep brush an angled
concealer an all-over shadow and then an
angled liner which are usually the one
that I use the most so just thought that
neat low case then I thought what else
tada
oh I bought a YSL primer
juice so when I made my first purchase
of part I believe they gave me a little
primer sampler and I tried it and I've
never really known how all of these
other things outside of blush mascara
eye shadow like the basic I don't know
anything outside of the basics how they
work so primer was like not even on my
radar but then when I got that sample
and then I look at how primer works
it'll actually helps with your skin and
then it um it makes the makeup last
longer which is what I definitely need
because usually when we film jkm you
we're filming sewing 10 hours straight I
want to constantly touch up my skin and
then after while your skin gets tired
and screaming oily at least for me but I
noticed as soon as I started wearing um
with this actually the poreless primer
it was less applications that I had to
make and my skin felt like a baby's butt
so I was going to buy this initially but
then I came across YSL primer and after
touching parts why I fell off not bad it
was like so freaking magical
and then it has like this really cute
gold little tint to it but like that
it's a little bit shimmery I felt embalm
um so going back to the eyeliner thing
I'm going to put a primer on my lid I
think I have an urban decay one I'm
going to do that and see if that helps
with you know the smudging of my
eyeliner okay about that ah
so this was the equivalent of the brow
powder and it's from Anastasia Anastasia
honestly I've never heard of this brand
before but it recommended it from the
NYX one it was recommended so I said
fuck it I'm going buy it so I bought it
online but I got the wrong shade and it
had to exchange it for the actual shade
of my eyebrow I have pretty dark
eyebrows like right now I'm not wearing
anything on there um but I do like to
fold it in a little bit again for camera
yeah sizzle when I got you to proof I
like it
and then I bought the eye liner Bobby
Brown eyeliner
excuse me god I'm so fucking Burpee
right now gross
I bought a Bobbi Brown eyeliner um just
in case I can't salvage that Urban Decay
one I'll see what this one's all about I
like Bobby Brown products just a little
bit I've tried it never really owned
Bobby Brown products but I'll see how
this one turns out probably use the
Urban Decay one before I start hitting
this one up just don't waste it
and then I bought Oh
NARS wait anybody's oh I like this one
so it's a multi-purpose I don't know
like it's like for the stick blush and
as we're getting into the orange tones
like I told you so I got an orange shade
one way to this more injure red fuck it
looks red I thought this was it well
it's orange yeah so I don't always like
wearing pink blush sometimes I like to
switch it up and be a little bit fancy
so I opted for a little orange II looks
more red I think it's the right one
whatever I'll make it work and then I
can apply it similar to those for both
applications and honestly I feel like
you can do that now I don't know I just
feel like it's the makeup industry's way
to just sell you more product but that
is just me I don't know I'm not a makeup
person again so I could be really wrong
and then I bought Oh
so the sample of that bronzer thing that
I showed you guys the shimmer bronzer
about the actual one just cuz I really
liked it so I'll keep the sample I guess
when I travel or for whatever reason but
I just got a big one
and voila here did it look the same size
of the sample size in terms of the
inside part they just get me let me see
the first green chip me cuz good job as
he did not now it's significantly bigger
yeah so probably you did from now on and
then I got the foundation since I wasn't
so happy with the NARS one I'm going to
still use that finish that up but
someone recommended what commended
someone recommended um the YSL one which
looks a bit dark so we'll see if this is
me almond I've never been on I hope I
got the right shade looks a little bit
darker than the one I wear which might
be a little bit
that might look too white we'll see I
don't know if I'm almond also but I'm
kind of comparing the shades and this
one is a little bit wider than this one
so you know um one of the reps they're
helping so she probably knows better
than I do and then I got again this is
for camera damn I guess I like why it's
go a lot um I got the slightly tinted
lipstick just for camera so I don't look
pale in it again it's just natural like
a nude so I'll opt for that thank you
very much and then I got oh sit I don't
wear eyeshadow um but I have started to
want to wear it and I just figured it's
not like peach whoo-hoo mmm I got the
Too Faced um sweet peach just cuz it had
all the shades that can I just put
makeup on my face
damn it oh whoa if it has all the shades
that smell so peachy hmm hmm all the
shades that I would actually use so it
has like padarthas monocle darkest and
it has all the neutrals and it has pinks
and that has like fun colors so I opted
for this one I thought it was a really
good choice in terms of the range of
colors that I normally would wear um so
yeah but they supposed this is a good
purchase never how about maybe I've only
had one two-faced eyeshadow in my life
and so far I liked it and then I bought
two different perfumes this one dolce
gabbana three and it's very smoothie I
like very sweet flower smells and then I
got a toca Simone and sounds also very
fruity the girl described it like with
the proper Jasmine and strawberry and
this and that and I was just like cool
um it's hard for me to find the students
actually sound cute so I'm buying them
don't care so I bought it
and
because it and that's what I bought that
was my little makeup haul shit that was
a lot of makeup well I won't be having a
haul for a long-ass time but yes I don't
know shit about makeup but if you want
ask me about my personal makeup you can
always leave in the comments or hit me
up on Instagram and then um I'll try it
on to your questions is that's my
ability but again I don't shoot about
makeup mm-hmm food anyway time to put
the shoot away I finish building that
cabinet I guess if you will I don't even
know what it's called
so I specifically bought it for our
downstairs bathroom I measured it out I
thought it would be cool but what I
failed and this is why I say I don't
know shit about interior design I'm a
fucking moron when it comes to it um I
did not take into account that there
would be um sorry I did not take into
account that there's trimming I didn't
measure it right because I'm stupid as
fuck so I built it out and it's one inch
too big so I did all that for nothing
I mean I can't use it what I intended to
use it for so I had to leave it
downstairs like in the entryway because
I don't know where else to put the
fucking blue cabinet that in my mind
wouldn't be so perfect for the bathroom
but it's all good I mean nothing was
really lost this lesson learned I
shouldn't be doing a certain interior
design because know I suck but finally
pop was back she's taking a shower hi
Baba oh hi har welcome back home thank
you
a song on that you're doing all this
stuff for Kaizen you tell part of his
body he's watching right now
what was your butt crack you fucking
scrubbing your buh-buh-buh-buh yeah
telling them that you were doing all
this presence that that's why you
couldn't you weren't here Joe shop what
are they or my video today
good job and three of them are 15
minutes is death death little apartment
instead of like common lysates and
common fixes yeah we're not common
pictures but pictures to the common
problems that pictures are it's great to
learn yeah I'm exhausted
come on like a regular you know like a
JK can you let something yeah I have to
live and explain and talk about your
videos yeah the instructors so it's a
pretty tiring both on the mind and the
body it's not always messing around
there like literally teaching of course
and you yeah and you have to know what
you're talking about because you're
literally teaching the course you can't
bullshit your way around it the way we
do JK yeah well I'm very proud of you I
think you're doing an awesome job you
can help so many people thank you I'm
just really happy I have a lot of Isis
they're so good it's all like their
energy balls kids yeah I'm gonna copy
the deal that like hop in be like all
instructions you know can you wash your
face already that piece of fucking soap
and driving me nuts that feel like at
any moment it's going to seep into your
eyeballs and create a fucking fire in
your eyes water
oh that's so freaky well there it's fun
okay well I'm happy you're back home I
really missed you mama
yeah Zuzu oh look looks like she's
wearing earrings right there oh you
moved oh give me your profile look yeah
right there
oh wait wait look she's wearing earrings
all your earrings are so pretty okay
give me your face pic Sammy
oh are you pesky coming out of his nose
no you don't give a these two spots
right here oh oh
some lighting it okay wait wait look at
me again right there aw stop crying
don't stress okay Mike well probably is
very tired I'm not that tired cuz all I
did was um shop and assemble furniture
that I can't fucking use so um I feel
pretty good I'm just gonna let him relax
I'm not going to continue blogging oh
that's probably going to put him in a
very anxious state because he feels like
you know he can't like tone it down
anymore he can't like you know lower his
energy to close out at night so um with
that guys thank you so much for spending
the day with me um sorry if it was
boring but I'll try that too big the
board next time but anyway really really
really I appreciate you guys thank you
so much for watching and I hope you
enjoy my day see you guys tomorrow bye
bye
