I think this is now the maybe second or
third month that I've been waking up at
6 a.m. to train at 7 a.m. and I'm pretty
used to it now and the beginning was
really hard for me to get up but now I
can get up and about five minutes after
I wake up a very very sleepy and
reluctant potato and she is glued to the
sheets somehow it's almost like you know
when you peel kind of pull off a sticker
off something if it's stuck to the
football I would just won't come off
you look talking about kind of energy
right now
even no sure you win are you alone
she's been waking up with me - hell no I
would I need to get up at 5:30 be out of
my house by 6:30 when you serve at the
bank and I never got used to punch it
really kids on employers I'm not a
morning person
quick question then yeah how come when
you used to work at the bank of that and
I used to watch it - because we first
started dating I would sleep over
sometimes I would hear the alarm go off
and within like five minutes you pop out
of bed shower boom boom business - all
that how come
now that I'm more in your life you're
just tossing and turning you gotta wait
for me to come and get in my freakin
snuggle fest and kiss you all over the
place how come all of a sudden is so
hard for you to get out of it
uh it's not it's not harder I think that
back then there's a responsibility yeah
I like to be early to that I don't like
to let people down but this one's not a
responsibility this is a fuckin luxury
no no but I voted Jim and then people
had a film in their big bingo
yes I'm gonna be late satellite six I at
my content 7:45 oh yeah
what I was hoping what I was hoping
you're gonna think is that Papa Bear
you're so cute here you love me so much
it's so hard for me to get out of that
what I said put the camera right away no
the hot Elizabeth and then the audio
cuts out a really good mic he could take
up to anything and everything well I
mean am I can't read my heart I can't
look to it
yeah that's what I said I mean you turn
it out like I was on you I not know but
I'm what it's like it Papa bears because
you're so old CUNY and your blood sauce
sauce is so elitist aful I can't get Ben
one of my favorite things about mother
being pregnant is that every morning she
has to get something to eat before she
trains and she looks like a little chick
just kidding
well you tend to eat candy potato how
I'm gonna get egg white delights because
it's really fast and you got to be there
by 7:00 oh yeah every time you guys
watch our vlogs now all I'm doing is
eating and some of you and I'm sure this
is like a troll comment but some of your
like what Gio have to talk about how she
hates and people smack their food when
they're eating she does all the time I
don't do out of time lucky trolls what I
do is ask your food yeah like when
people when like people are not even
talking about I have never heard you
smack your face I know that's other
trolls and they're dumb um but I'm just
going to clarify that's not smacking
food what I just did is Mac is what I do
I talk to my mouth open and that's just
gross
and I know that coast I don't go hooks I
said I don't do that
good morning my name is Lonnie on there
help you hi can I have a large black
coffee no creamer no sugar anything else
yeah and then two egg white delight and
a large orange juice with ice what is
anything else that's it tell us some
toasted 49 you pick one okay thanks
interesting why do you get oranges at
night oh they're just sweet and I liked
everything very diluted oh so I'm a
child
yeah so they give me less if the ice
melts it gets diluted Cystic Fibrosis by
BAM something swimming wants to trigger
anyway even though it has a little mommy
I'm not really session be eating salmon
but baby I love McDonald's too I don't
know it's not like everyday - I ate it
when I had my last resort it's just
really rare
hi
whoa
that's a set of cards
great accord
we'll be able to hit that beautiful not
even close
come on China's now hey I know how to
drive she's always racist towards my
driving
even though Tokyo Drift I'm out there's
new stereotype we're all drifters now we
don't suck at driving I don't know why
I'll be a professional Justin I can't
believe you reference something that
happened in - like 2001 like that's the
funniest shit it still didn't get the
memo now have a new stereotype on the
stones don't you definitely don't so we
pay extra which is we pay extra on our
fucking insurance if they know there's a
lot of Asians in that town we're screwed
you know that they didn't get the memo
yet they didn't watch the movie I mean
you know them the movie tonight know
ching chong Ling Wong sorry
hmm oh my got to bring it back to
Alexander Wallace Wow that's what made
us to put David on the map lovely
so I fucked up and I left the camera at
the gym good thing ever must know then
you brought it over to me so I wasn't
able to vlog what happened before but
nothing exciting really happened I just
trained out a really good workout came
here had my normal barbell Brigade
meetings today I met with productions
which the YouTube channel and then I met
with apparel to get updates on that and
things are moving pretty good
stay tuned of September we're going to
have a sick-ass new fall launch so stay
tuned for that
right now I'm gonna take a shower
because I have to meet with Casey I'm
writing the movie which we are still
doing I know a lot of you guys ask are
you guys don't mind the movie we are
writing the movie so I'll be meeting
with Casey and Joe at 2 o'clock I'm
going to take a shower eat my yummy meal
so staying on track
what and dammit this is what sucks about
downtown there's always a new graffiti
the management comes in like erases it
and was always doing graffiti no
graffiti over there so yep I mean look
made a mess do every time I see the
stuffing pulled out of the toys I always
know meatloaf this I just took a shower
feel really fresh and clean and also
bought a tank top because I'm going to
start running and do more cardio at the
office so I'm I have like my running
stuff here so I have to always
constantly change and it's kind of nasty
but I just wear this to my do cardio on
my office treadmill and then I just hang
dry here and I watch it once a week I
kind of took the took the philosophy I
guess of PE coaching on PE like you
pretty much leave your PE clothes and
just sweat in the PE clothes so like if
that's what we're taught in junior high
that can't be that bad so I'm gonna do
that i'ma meet with Casey on
the feature right now but I'm first
gonna get my meal that I just heat up on
I still thirty seconds left so I'll cut
my kimchi where's the kimchi are here
there's the kimchi shut off the cells
mom she's the one that made this one I'm
very very thankful because it is
absolutely delicious
she uses a no MSG so we call it the
natty kimchi so there's no MSG in it no
crazy stuff is just like organic and
very very healthy it still tastes so
good it's done okay but a big platter
boom got shrimp on ice today is that
this is where to keep our Forks keep our
Forks we good
what are you guys meeting on JK party
coming up with more agile more ideas
more games always gotta find more heat
for those hot girls that's a fifth
harmony will stay positive
fifth harmony is a girl band that no
longer or actually still exists
just one of them left oh what a hot one
left
charity yeah yeah I know nothing about
this army do you guys know anything
about there's harmony I've never heard
of it like a fan I can't wait to share
it and open say thank you so here's
another one from I leave que toma have
it really open anything other than the
packaging come look how pretty you are
very artistic okay and very artistic and
then with your logo what ever spent time
doing this is beautiful oh god this is
beautiful got a in art class oh my
goodness it's the writing you know
they're Asian because the writing is
awesome Asians are really good at right
yeah I just got to read this plate if
I'm gonna put this online clicking desk
walks I love it
use it I'll give you both of these
together cuz you oh I'm so sorry
you my dear have amazing penmanship and
what is it
peligro cscope almost with you
but look I know cute boy mom oh my
goodness
look out rude and then there's a little
fuzzies which I'm going to definitely
utilize them oh my god there's so many
fuzzies I know what this is is it a ring
hope it's not a concrete say I hope it
kind of carpet is one we need to read
it's probably in the letter that you
sent I'm sorry I haven't read it yet but
parts for this is really cute so cute
thank you so much that's all awesome you
guys are so awesome when you send us
stuff because like I don't even know
what to say like you guys just is so
nice and you you take the time out of
your day to go either make them or buy
them or do whatever you come and you
send it to us and we don't even know who
you are but for some reason you feel a
connection what does it's just wow so
heartwarming thank you
what are the other boxes Oh more stuff I
don't know for us are you for the
business human open it I don't know you
open it
sure long enough I like your outfit got
a little little Native American design
shoes for the big badonkadonk
I don't have the easy time since birth
why cuz you're the loser bless you so
hard as a freaking baby little flap
muttering no but the glutes yeah is a
freaking it's a shaker in a mover fine
I'm so good at myself yeah that knife is
really sharp books yeah what is that I
don't know
pull the tighten limits dictionary the
classics routines and habits of
billionaires my mom and world's fastest
man
oh very oh oh I think 10% definitely
actually you don't know but I know uh I
know what it's booking agents he said
happy birthday
I mean happy holidays look at you vote
from Yoshi I actually believed you now
yeah so he knows me I don't know him
because you know I do this alone we like
that ha ha I'm just kidding actually uh
I think we have a mutual friend and they
reach out to me and I'm like yeah I've
got a bunch of Tim Ferriss books and
there's like hey is it cool to send you
a book and I'm like hell yeah I'd love
to read it and he was nice enough to
write a personal note in there now I'm
really going to read it thank you Tim
that's awesome I look up to you by the
way you got me you're like oh I know him
and then it I open it it sure oh yeah
that this is a lot of something in here
what is it don't tell me something scary
so this is from Gavin min oh yeah you
just cost on it look look this isn't
Gavin and and you know I think about I
don't know Oh big fur at the drug combo
what is this table castanet Oh with
musical instrument you're to me you'll
know what castanets are this is your
instrument oh that one here all this
weight opening this you're jumping the
gun
ATD drop booking snack cause to the JKL
ago to climb out have one can you just
sit down let me organize Mac who is this
oh I want a fucking snack let me get
over this
oh you got a shovel my god what is that
you got your little wine ready yeah
ba-ba-ba-ba
there's all kinds of percussive
instruments goddamn Gaza man you're so
cool
he's binding all these instruments Oh
all these percussion instruments because
he knows I'm a drummer maybe they reach
hello I'm amazed that I'm gonna make
mother fucking beep how I hope you got
in a little 8 what is called little
anxious them oh my god
see they're not my there are different
types of maracas I hope you know you
don't know anything about your clothes
Oh some drunken 4 bar just in case you
want to practice drumming while filming
it's going on that is though so cool I
actually have drumsticks did you look
like this with my drumsticks what's your
rap here Wow someone please don't litter
yeah we're not gonna have a fucking yes
open it for me I need to get a photo
that's what it's all oger well it's
gonna flavor soon with the orange one or
this one
only Matt Lynch or just get a better
care Mac which one has less fat that's
not interfere
and love what ready is love with that
cloud yet with little rascal you have
got to my heart what it is o my guys out
of bad
no it's our back oh my it's a whole
collection could this meal oh oh
basically Satya I think she DN does oh
yes you did
oh thank you sitting here for like
almost you there's so much does clutter
on Maya we finally got it oh my god
you're so rude thank you so much Claudia
this is awesome Oh funny potatoes hmm oh
and the best everybody ready
this is gorgeous baby dum dum I'm Ricky
dum dum I need a voice on my table oh I
need to put why do you get them in the
house oh yeah hey everybody I opened it
okay putting up a shameful mile beneath
motherfuckin McAloon so rude we're gonna
turn on my office why do put me on blast
I did it cameras went out of batteries
okay well this is Britney present oh
sure this is what it is
everyone at the office that love you
yeah and if we're in what now make me
know cute yeah you know how busy I am so
I'm really sorry all the JK found even
though I'm vlogging in the office and
you guys are probably out there but just
to let you guys know I am messed up you
guys bought me spent the time to buy me
this cool present for my birthday six
months ago
I never opened it but I'm opening it now
thank you guys so much
open it we got matching everyone oh yeah
does that mess your mind we'd love
mastermind yeah that's right don't they
know I like to just call it a barbell ya
know Thank You Jacob am we going we got
it whatever we leave we gotta do we
gotta make a name home to such a
beautiful surprise
something's been naked oh yeah little
winged finger so excited cuz now it's
gonna fit properly and when I use
shampoo it will just fly
well let's hope you little skinny Magoo
I know we have like three of these BOTS
it's the third button now package it
crazy
I am vlog with a bad noise like okay
there's another receipt I'll keep that
thank you because I'm gonna lose it
yeah here we go huzi wow oh yeah okay
come on I'm anxious
oh no we just flopping around in there
let me see look how much that decides it
that's how fucking skinny I am oh my god
that looks funny
oh yes that's it
it's good that's it good fine a frickin
league lineup only
and you just got extra platinum for the
same pros also since then another fence
been announced and sadhana hey hey
fine I'm gonna eat now
