good morning I am super happy today
because of two reasons reason number one
and it's not a crazy reason but I
ordered some legit makeup and I'm
talking about name brand makeup because
I've always always always worn store or
was a drugstore makeup nothing wrong
with it but I just want to try some
different so I'm wearing like name brand
you can't even tell the difference
really um but I'll show you guys that
stuff later for all my latest fans out
there but the second reason why I'm
super happy because today the JK party
day and we haven't done one of these in
about like two weeks and Jake is
actually JK party is one of my favorite
channel because we get to fuck around
and play a bunch of games I'm currently
in the green room and it got restocked
with food so my best reason for trio I'm
happy because look at all this we got
bagel pop top but not coffee which I
can't I can't have oh yeah
Kanzi we got to come then we got the
Girl Scout cookie what else we got Rice
Krispies student what macaroni and
cheese green tea guy can't have a shame
cake um some selfie shit right there we
got some shit we got some water
we didn't play some clothes shit there's
aunt good morning we got some pickles
what the fuck that's random shit oh I
know what oh I know why I know why well
we got fruit cups we got we got juices
we got water we got fruit jam we got
milk yeah with the real milk you want
some oh I'll take a little piece you
made them
yes thank you I'm so fat hmm I'm really
haaa
but anyway let's go to the set side and
see what's popping off over there
come here meelo hey mijo c'mere c'mere
boy boy something you just done come on
come on hey baby
okay got distracted to the top hopper I
know as well sure what's happening on
the side but I couldn't help to show you
what's happening with the popups running
my way for really
now we're gonna see what's happening on
side so there we are playing mafia with
you leave and Nicky and I'm so excited
because I've never seen them new liars I
can't wait to get you guys playing I
really nervous
I'm always really nervous really what
are your tics icon pay attention and
there is matter what I am if I'm what is
it is it mix with you I'm like I hope
they don't catch me like I hope they
don't think anymore can you guys tell
when the other person's lying yeah yeah
oh that sucks
Nancy I say that now and then you can
cut the footage later me mister I'm sure
I stuck at it or whatever
are you think if you guys are either one
of your ma do you think you'll win if I
don't think so no I'm not I'm not I
don't think I've ever won I don't think
I'm that good at yeah I'll tell you that
right now yeah we're playing
motherfuckin Mario Kart dude yeah I went
over
yeah by evenly matched in Mario Kart
frankly but I also let her wanted me to
see your face
usually shit nah dude I seriously record
Martha my for going off yeah he wrecks
me well I definitely recommend help
thanks I think you re not Mario her what
something but not Mario Kart okay I knew
it I knew it I have a mission I'm
cutting this off they're getting me this
disgusting out of it I don't want
anything I'm walking out this is gross I
wanted one thing I don't want to hear
about record you know how did you get
that baby in your stomach you got a lot
of sex
hahaha I got a rag I got rest okay I
just started having us you guys please
attack out of nowhere okay yeah blue sky
don't you yeah thank you thank you
oh no they always dome we have to move
the dogs out because they like to bark a
lot bye Dave I just need meatloaf so he
has to cook it in the green room
side-looking fond of course always
scared underneath there's gravy and then
there's meatloaf and there's papa wemba
doesn't feel good okay we're gonna plan
to our next game oh my god pickles
you get pickles - oh that's probably for
the game the best time what are
champagne mango yeah there's all the
other fingers Oh like you know like
regular banjo sometimes or sour
sometimes are stringy and the gates like
oh yeah that's gross
like those don't do that Waldo is just a
really smooth oh shit
we get me a piece oh yeah give me a
piece I eat it when I come back though
oh I don't think you're gonna cut it in
enough time Mui this is one of the only
like regular clothes that I have that
actually fits my tummy oh really like
you thanks looks like okay it is I'm
wearing my pants in there needs to ha ha
ha guys that have to change too much
today's not the press meatloaf loo just
look thinking about life we were judging
you
we're looking at the floor oh yeah
usually I think
kindy on ha ha but that's not him
anymore oh there it is India
what happened you were so happy meatloaf
Melo's hey you were a kilo we love and
we love you were so happy you can be
happy
am i bothering you dude alright oh oh
it's my love
Malala we're alright so we just finished
filming on not for the whole day
but just for a little bit but we got to
walk up up up so pumpers and all welcome
look at them
we'll get all the books again TV poll
I'm with so better than me love God his
tree Oh funny disquiet which is 42 oh I
miss rigging
keep going shitty soapy the whole time
you look like a motherfucker Kiki's on a
strep cause dude awesome
how did you like the first couple of
games
they're awesome whoever designed the
games are really good I really like that
couple games the first one was mafia
that's pretty normal but I think haven't
even Nicki Automator really fun yeah
change that everyone's dynamic and
seated the comedian so everything's so
funny there's a really funny guy I love
them yeah me too
we have about two more games to play and
I'm kind of sad that it's going to come
to none because there's such a fun
couple
but yeah i'ma try to get more
interaction with them so you guys can
see how fucking hilarious they're like
you've seen them on a channel before and
I really love them and I love what they
have to say like they have no filter
they're so straight up and also unreal
and I love them but yeah somebody took a
dump right behind you should be careful
good I have a big attention but these
guys are almost done and we're almost
ready to go back on steady Harvey I mean
in spite of all but yeah in colloquial
there should be melted we have a sugar
how's that gonna be I mean it dries up
you that hot shit again I'm gonna look
away like on let it ride or whatever sir
I guess I'm sorry okay
all right Nicky Steve so we just
finished our third challenge we're going
to do one last one for the day
how has your jakey parties Ford's been
so for pretty good walk in it I feel
like we're very competitive people
birthday so this kind of shit is like
right up our alley because we like
confidence yeah yeah yeah the first game
felt bad because even though we're
against each other yeah and you're a
fucking good liar I guess we got to see
the video when I got my video but my
amazing water I had to do a nose in it
to win it
I don't like lying I don't like it it's
not who I am doesn't look like it but
this is survivor okay where you win
absolutely nothing yeah what yes outwit
outlast outplay she's like I got to do
this for my family man if there's nobody
getting survive right but like for this
there's no prize you just affect me over
but hey I like to beat you going to
point out how he was talking so much
chipper for like like I'm better at
Mario person you like that's true and I
just let it see that was like that's
what I did yeah yeah I think I had to be
ready yeah good job you know you can
talk shit now I'm gonna you know I'm
gonna play hard play hard win heart yeah
we know and they just break a time yet
all right we're at Jackie's party but
look at these fucking maniacs are so
good at this game we got a good point
oh well I'll stay quiet Michael prison
sirens
this game looks fat usually faster than
it siren is the undefeated champ
Michael pretty damn good Michael even
had Lee's own rack oh I'm trying not to
be distracting but I think I'm still
distracting
Oh
what you think is fun fire you run I'll
make you one more Oh show me show me I
want to see Wow we're running now
oh right over here we have Papa Bear in
his office doing some cardio with that
with the pups showing those boy right
there
the Papa watching a movie the cuny we
kind of had like a back and forth about
him borrowing my headphones is it's like
a cotton nice leather cushion on the
padding back I'm going to sweat it's
gonna absorb it's wet it's so nasty
their completion music and use it I felt
so bad so now I'm gonna be off the road
what are you doing do it again watching
on kung fu movie
those when we do want to turn it with
hot him yeah York I was going to do that
look at them he doesn't want to show
spirited there it is okay mother back to
office I register system dinner for
myself and for probably actually we
didn't even want food I got from King
Taco my all me burrito poppers gonna do
his little meal plan that I heard him
coming out and we decided to eat
outdoors I love it Wow because we have
to play so rough big weird Greggy
I really enjoy coming home when the
sunlight is out I feel like yes I still
have a day that I can enjoy like my full
day isn't gone and then I gets injured
with my little Papa this is such a nice
wonderful day I wish it was daylight
savings always proper time so this just
feels awesome like it feels so good back
here that it actually feels like I'm on
vacation and I feel kind of guilty I can
actually feel as good as I do in Hawaii
Felix Turner
pre-visit to TAS fun like it feels like
I'm on vacation right now why would you
feel guilty we just had a full day of
work not guilty in that sense but like
like it not guilty but like you should
be doing something
no like I wish everyone's house it felt
like this OH
things I never had this feeling in any
of my other houses we had the weirdest
dog on all my other houses it just feels
like I got home but does it's like I got
home and yeah it feels great out here so
awesome and then there's this really
nice brief that you guys can't feel look
at her again
she loves the grass can you pass out the
burritos please yeah I'm just arguing
them playing with the grass mmm they're
so cute
good job boy good job fine what the hell
is he doing so weird
this is so weird it's like a weird
bitches every time we eat now this
little creature comes and begs for food
every single time and you know who did
it
you might Trager every time you're
eating is always make little bits and
pieces of food off the table so she
comes you don't do that with anyone else
no one else pecks you doesn't here Bond
doesn't care only briga why cuz she's so
cute look at her and she waits the whole
time I'm never that all like wait till
an hour later cuz it'd take me a while
to eat and she's still kicking it she's
smart I'm like I'll reward you for being
tenacious bad bad habit in the hands of
mom bear up
fun alright guys I'm in my ninja turtle
get up which means it's time for me to
go to pee thank you guys so much for
watching see you guys tomorrow
