what up guys I haven't been feeling very
good I didn't go to the doctor today
because I have I've had bronchitis for
two months like keep coughing up phlegm
and I keep having these really really
strong coughs at night and I think now
the infection spread to my nose
because now I blow my nose and there's
this green yellow thick phlegm and um
and I think it's sign itis sets I know
Titus scientists something whatever the
bronchitis equivalent of the noses
that's what I have now so I don't want
it to spread anymore I thought I was
going to heal just by resting because
I've been reading online that bronchitis
if it's a viral infection can heal on
its own but it's been 2 months so that's
a long long time and I haven't been
making my health a priority which I
should I shouldn't just be basing it off
of work and stuff like that so I think
I'm gonna go to the doctor and I still
got a bunch of stuff have to do today
because later on tonight I actually have
to interview three more people for
barber gave to Jim oh by the way if you
guys ever want to work for barber weeks
now let's get that question all the time
go on the website and I believe there's
a job section I got a double check with
Aaron because he's the one that sets up
the site but there is a job section and
you can fill out your stuff and I'll ask
you for a resume or whatever so fill
that out because we are looking for new
staff so if you guys are a big fan of
the brand great at customer service
really enjoying that family family
atmosphere go ahead and fill that out
but I'm gonna go to the doctor but I
think the dogs gonna pee come here kids
did you guys be all ready
okay eally go peepee wrong way go peepee
go peepee come on Tyler go peepee Go Go
Zozo go peepee go on Bonnie why are you
waiting go move on go peepee
good girl now come along good boy go
breaky Oh funny
come on go peepee good job guys you guys
are doing so good I'm so proud of them
because I've been trying to train them
to use that door and they finally got it
and now all three can go out to hide and
they can all come back in but there was
one time well I think you're the father
Brady got stuck outside and I just heard
him barking but they have pretty much
got it so far
thank goodness finally got some meds
I got antibiotics which I was really
surprised that the first doctor I saw
last week didn't give me because I've
had bronchitis before and I get a lot
because I grew up with asthma so anyone
that has asthma has a tendency of
developing bronchitis because it's easy
to irritate um your lung and she didn't
want to give me antibiotics for some
reason so whatever medication she gave
me I think that's one of the reasons why
I even fell too late did I even go pick
it up just because I was like man I do
anything and as I got at my body which
is what I always get the z-pak and then
I also got an inhaler which is uh it
helps reduce like they put this guy it
helps with just any wheezing or
restricted feel that I have which is
really cool that's never seen an inhaler
before this is actually what I grew up
on
I had a admah going up well there comes
in way different packaging to come
before so I got this guy which I get to
pop in and I get to fix one deep breath
one or two sprays and it just helps open
up your chest like crazy especially when
it feels really congested and really
restrictive like I attack it's going to
help me sleep like crazy and then also
the anti biotic off talking about is
this the pack leader compressor familiar
with this so I grew up on this too I
think I'll just a very sickly kid and
pretty much you take two today and it
even tells you yep
so usually take two today then they take
one every other day and that'll help me
out finally get rid of all the phlegm
because I think they were saying that
because my cost and my my nasal
congestion has been lasting for over two
months it's probably not just a common
goal viral infection like a cult and
they also gave me some of the good stuff
promethazine I think this is the stuff
that rapper's drink with their sprite
like syrup to get fucked up but I guess
I get a
my own I only think I need this unless I
have one of those nights from
coffin-like Queens I really can't sleep
so thank God I went to a regular doctor
and the pain of the assets but that is
they give you the medication made a
prescription but then now you got to go
to another pharmacy and I was just so
big at halftime so even though I had a
prescription for some of the other meds
which are the right ones in my opinion I
didn't even go pick it up just because
out of the way and I'm just so busy but
today I went to Urgent Care I just
looked up on Yelp and there's more local
to me so I come here and in the same
pretty much place knock out the doctor
visit and also a knock out my meds I'm
really having to take that a special
part that you know actually what am I
waiting on to take to ok I did eat lunch
already
should be good take you right now
fucking trip it until I've been needing
goddamned you know actually learn to
talk into my t-shirt from boot camp boot
camp everyone gets sick is so hard and
instead of coffee it's your hand is
shaking hands with people you spread
germs but we're taught to conference
with fabric or something that in the
terms of just die I don't know how I'm
sure that is but I have had that habit
ever since boot camp so children
Oh feel better already income just cake
uh BAM got my stuff done now I'm gonna
try to handle one more Erin because I've
been driving around with a leaky tire
and my tire pressure monitor keeps going
off so I got to get that checked out
because remember back in the other vlog
I had the nail stuck in it I think that
hole is getting bigger so I can feel my
back end it got to get the tire checked
out
yeah they're taking the truck and
finally the poor puny truck rear tire is
going to get thick that's awesome then
if it didn't do it shit
what does as awesome finally because
every single week I've been having to
put tire I'm not prepared to put air in
the rear tire just because it keeps
deflating so finally I get to fix that
and then now if I want to do a little
road trip we'll go camping I won't be so
worried I was going to call it uber
right now but mod barrels the text
animation fish is going home so I can
you please pick me up so I'm waiting for
a mother to come pick me up go home and
then I might change into something a
little bit more appropriate for the job
interview just I don't look too relaxed
right now just in sandals I'm just in
sandals and like some workout shorts and
my barbell shirt and a baseball hat I'd
be on my change still into something
barbell just because the barbell brigade
interview but not so casual and I got to
put on a watch when we put a watch on
you know it's time for business let me
check how far we mob is actually never
even told me
how far away are you how far away are
you hopefully she's close
no response it's probably driving for
sure probably shouldn't be texting I
messed up my freaking perception back I
sucked it all then I'll click and when I
first did it open hope my mom using it
in my meds okay so that there's how to
go back in here that's for sure
just gotta go back in here so hard EVP
one hand little bit my hair yep and
never goes back again I must look like
such a drug addict train conscious
outside of just sighs with all kinds of
medication popping out of my bag awesome
no one's around because if they see me
not just there on the floor like smiling
all day looking at my med career think
I'm a drug addict but they don't know
that at bronchitis for the past month so
I am very happy to have that finally
holy mostly put the tire off so fast
that even know them is this is their
real world now that's awesome I love the
one they work back I wonder if they'll
be done by the time barber picking up
well actually they also have to fill up
air and all the other tires I asked them
to say kid um fill up the tires to the
recommended tire pressure because I
think when I got my truck lift installed
I think they were kind of being lazy
because it takes a lot of time to fill
up these tires and I think they wanted
to get me out of there so they can
finish up all the other projects they
just built in the minimum amount of air
for me to drive off and I've always
looked at my tires and they never really
looked completely like filled they don't
look crazy bubbly it always looks like
you had a little bag to it
so that's going to take a minute
I wonder if I could fit all this into my
schedule but still get picked up my mob
bear then I got to go home with my bear
if you eat something hopefully hopefully
right before we come back to go to the
job interview I can pick up my car yeah
I think so I think things going really
good yeah they're probably working on
the tire right now now I'm just waiting
on the side of the street like a
prostitute with a bag of fucking drugs
in my attic this has got to look
hilarious just a random guy oh shit am i
sweet
I think I'm squeezing it too hard
there's freaking drug juice it's leaking
out of the bottle with all of my hand
dammit
all right so I'm a random guy on the
side of the street with a bag of drugs
and drug juice in my hand
this is a funny image mama bear Lisa
pick me up that before the cops come and
arrest me again I'm fine about dick and
drug that the post sure to keep leaking
off before I think I'm selling fucking
dick and drugs with a camera in hand I
held on to make a porno there's Martha
mom there came to save the day unless
unless mother saw the sexy guy with the
fucking bag of drugs on the side the
street is the one to open come on mama
it's locked
okay would you like to buy a prostitute
or buy drugs I just want to buy you Oh
the right words to my heart how much for
that booty uh 5/16 bit yeah I think
so I actually did not get a chance to go
home and change so I will be looking
this casual for the interview what do
you think I should do should I just F
our and then how do you order the guitar
I mean Mohican hand another challenge I
think if you fix that so if I do my hair
yeah yeah see got the time you can't
who's me want to shoot killer shoes no
should I uh ask extra hey Lydia that's
my childhood friend by the way uh should
I ask extra mean questions to compensate
for how casual it is uh no um you just
don't look that professional but you
don't have to be mean okay fine then how
are they ever going to take me seriously
no one's that I mean just I don't know
you say really compelling things do it
after the dumb shit you say the tops are
really compelling yeah really yeah you
have great business ideas oh fuck yeah
you're good I find so hopefully uh why'd
you borrow descent clothes who is that
guy yeah because it doesn't fit uh are
you kidding me he looks way more swag
doesn't mean he does but he doesn't fit
at all he is the awesome mr. death but
it's a goose
looks like it didn't look like a duck
for me will not fit at all well he came
dressed for the occasion
I'm actually getting called out for the
game is all you need and you're like an
every gory maternity cat like kidding me
yeah I'm pregnant I have to
I can't more regular people clothes hi
are you gonna do your hair - uh it was
done was it goodbye
I'm Colin just kidding I am and I'm
gonna put some makeup on so I don't look
like I am a ghost
okay demon zombie tired all the time
fucked up jacked up a little icky one
will try to overdose so I try to say no
fine I pee I'm just going to keep the
Hat on I don't want to do my hair for
just like an hour could have two
interviews and then have to
washed up as soon as I get home and I
just recently took a shower
so hello we guys working on JK news yeah
that one you guys usually stop yes the
articles here pouring because like I
think we found about 53 articles and
only like 14 years a more powerful yeah
it gets exhausting like it's really hard
to find good stuff like every single
week is crazy to think that like when I
was watching man I could do better job
than that but then when you actually do
it for week that Isis so are it's really
hard to there's like a lot of like
killing that we're trying to keep it
happy stuff like the same you know
happen every week yeah play yeah sorry
guys you guys are doing a great job
really thank you
all right back into the water button
Michael water you always coming out of
bar about what are you doing that was
just a really imagine I'm I'm putting
that sign here I'm gonna put that sign
here you're always on okay is really bad
time because I was just mean you are
always coming dunno what are you doing
here okay look I got permission to
express the permission from the other
owner of Barbara gate right over there
oh yeah I forgot he's an owner owner of
Barbara Brigade and she told me I could
be in here and we could work on you know
important things
all right here so I got permission I
didn't come on your mind without
permission
yeah hurry hurry
all right she is the other owner of
water per game
right what every day ah no 50%
what's so professional like my haircut
do they taking it back to 1995 no come
on what are you go boarding it 20 no
we're worried boy oh shit that's right
yeah you are he's talking about just
staying through those interviews and not
in that census but finished them and it
went really well actually because damien
Ren who is our assistant manager and
manager respectively at the gym they did
a really good job of training
respectively just means in that order
in that order for example I'm Bart and
Gio boy and girl respected legally so
that it's not mixed up okay yeah so you
like when you go up Aaron and Andrew
whatever you guys are numbers 1 2 3 4
respectively that means in the order
that I labeled them that's also order
that I don't it what I just said respect
them I don't know like what some respect
on my order that order right how did you
like that how'd you like the interview
uh it's always cool like I don't like
interviews just because I feel like it's
everyone's bullshit game because I know
when I have any everyone put your best
foot forward yeah so I'm like Spock like
I wish I can just skip out this whole
thing like I don't like this I don't
like asking like the cushions of like
tell me your strengths and weaknesses
like no shit they're going to tell you
the mobile shit shit ever I thought I
always ask weird questions I like it but
I'm not I'm not
a quick-thinking or quick-witted enough
to ask themself a question but one of
the question that asked today was what's
the worst thing you've ever done and we
got two really good and I found out for
who actually pushed his mom into the
bathtub so um which is really dull
prevention shows how really is yeah um
that I really like you have the same
bullshit questions that have very been
prepared for you know everyone's gone
through college gone through some sort
of Club organization so everyone has
these prepared speeches when you ask
them things like yeah how many times a
week do jack off they're like oh shit
and then from that you can get a lot of
information
yeah it's ready everyone's waiting for
me to go home he's getting one in the
car yeah I better go out in pink and
then get the hell home I'm gonna go home
first so you wanna oh we won't again you
like going together yeah walkathon you
you it was just a little bunny rabbit
bikini and I was right they were being
lazy look now that it properly filled up
the PSI is at 68 all around they only
had it at I think 35 which is halfway
there so I think they just inflated it
enough to what it looks like the job was
done and they sent me out but they
didn't have played it fully to where
it's supposed to be and my truck is way
more comfy and taller than it was before
which I was wondering why how come my
truck look low compared to what my whole
Tahoe would and I got the same height of
it
but now everything feel good I'm seeing
about an inch taller than before and I'm
going to go home grab some clothes
because before I end the night I'm going
to have to still shoot some stuff with a
bottle brigade channel and then it's
going to be in my home now and I'm also
tired at the end of the day I'm not eat
an ice cream because I'm going to reward
myself for sticking to the diet very
very good today and I still have 200
calories left and then I'm a go to sleep
what do you do what I do I knew it what
are you doing I'm giving them I left off
you're giving up Chinese food yeah cuz
you're not gonna eat it yeah I want to
diet you're on a freakin diet those you
guys live the life you know that you get
frickin international cuisine they don't
know that yeah they do they're pretty
smart this is oh did you show them an
update guys I'm so proud of Bart and I'm
even more proud of the pup-pups
that Bart stuck with training them how
to use a doggie door and all of them
know how to use it well I saw them this
morning
oh cool or on the same page I am so
proud of you guys
that is I think it's the cutest thing
advert like
Verne every time I think I just
purposely make them go to the bathroom
just I could see them but this evening
it the only one that pushes our
buttholes out for you so the big day you
wanted to go harder than that I said it
I did it and look I mean look was
already laying down like I know what
this bitch wants anyway I'm just gonna
pretend so you ready laying there where
are you
yep here no one alright time to choose
ice cream and let's see which one should
I get what's under all of you things are
under change Akali thanks Kimmy
correction okay yep you're gonna eat
this call it a night
see you guys tomorrow
