good morning guys kind of and a little
bit of a rush today it's 950 and my
first meeting at 10:00 so I am running
late and I'm still learning how to
balance getting ready while taking care
of Tyga right now grandma is scheduled
to come in at 9:30 and my first meeting
is at 10:00 so the minute she comes here
I literally have 30 minutes to take a
shower brush my teeth get ready to get
my clothes pack my lunch get my workout
clothes head out the door and drive to
LA so it's a lot of stuff I have to do
usually I'd like to if I I have so it
takes like 15 minutes to get to the
office if it takes me 15 minutes to get
to the office I'd like to leave 30
minutes before and if it takes me 30
minutes to get somewhere I'd like to
leave an hour before but right now
because grandma has other twin baby
duties on the other side she can't
really come at 9:00 which is which would
be my ideal because if she came at 9:00
then I can hand off Tyco at 9:00 then I
can get ready and do all that stuff and
take 30 minutes they already take 30
minutes to do that and then I have 30
minutes to drive leisurely to LA but
because she comes at 9:30 and she's
always on time which is awesome but when
she comes at 9:30 I have 30 minutes to
do all of that and dry it instead of
having 30 minutes to just get ready so
I'm a bit of a rush and when I rush I
start sweating and I am trying to
continue the dressing nice for work so
I'm wearing like a clean white shirt
there's not so funny I feel like I'm
saying just like the basics but I'm
still used to wearing gym clothes that
to me this is dressing up so I'm wearing
a clean light nice polo t-shirt I got
some skinny jeans on and I got a dope
jacket that matched up but the problem
is now because I'm gonna rush I'll
probably be running or walking off fast
and I'll be sweating and I hate sweating
in casual clothes just finish my first
meeting and I couldn't wait to go into
the bathroom to share with you guys my
creative expression that is my outfit
for that they have been very proud of
myself every single day that I can wear
we have been trying to dress nicely
which is my 2018 New Year's resolution
and this is what I put together for the
day so starting with the top I got my
jacket that I bought from that one
fashion show that I showed you I got a
clean whitey underneath got some skinny
jeans these are probably the thinnest
jeans that I have ever or not Dennis but
skinniest jeans I have ever bought and
then shoes and it's not being cuffed at
the bottom but I became unraveled
goddamnit I got a justice but yeah like
I I really took a huge risk
with these jeans I've never had in ages
this skinny before but I really want to
be progressive and really feel at the
times so I was like I'm gonna try to
push my creative boundaries of my own my
own comfort zone to see what I'm able to
put together and originally remember
house hunting eyes I might matter who's
like a railroad worker with my hat and
all my clothes but then I realized if I
mix it up and they're where this
railroad worker jacket put them with
skinny jeans and sneakers and it doesn't
look so real what worker anymore
it actually looks better so this is my
outfit for the day I don't I really like
it I think it looks pretty dope so let's
see what mom brass I saw her just sneak
into work right now my dear mother my
bear what do you think about my outfit
oh you promise yeah what were you
promise yeah
sorry am i bugging in the middle of work
you're in the zone yeah fine I just
wanted to show with you
you do what about my jeans these notice
my jeans and skinny these jeans are
really know you know I noticed just like
how you always tell me your gut is
always the best yeah so when you told me
yeah when I first put them on you like
the way look yeah and then he started
think it was too skinny and also when I
first put them on you're like that's the
first non dad pair of jeans I put on
pause like and then later on you try to
like kind of cover it up I don't know I
don't know if it's dad or not or it does
that yeah I put the pressure on you and
then I realized i'ma go with your gut
and I think let's pick it god damn it
what happened
no then to you is just dealing with you
like it was like fiasco like he had it
calling so much hey this is the first
time I've ever worn freaking skinny ass
jeans like this I need I need to know I
know buddy enough know what I'm getting
myself into it pretty much is it pretty
much is okay to all my former vented on
those show those thugs out there
murderers and gangbangers okay isn't it
hard to give up big Pat's like for me I
grew up where if you can see your shoes
then you're pretty much a fag and that's
that's the term they use back then it's
not appropriate but if you could see
your shoes your effect and from that
point all the way until now it took a
lot of balls for me to wear clothes like
this and feel secure with myself all my
hood people can vouch for me so you
don't have exactly hood confidence give
me a pair of Dickies I rock it better
than anybody the weather today is
awesome I've been able to keep my jacket
on all day and it's a pretty thick
jacket then usually the minute I start
moving like well I'm walking like this
I'm gonna start sweating but it's so
cold that I get to wear this jacket and
feel really good
I just finished meeting with JK party
with Gio Michael and aunt and we got
some pretty funny games coming to you
for 2018 it's a huge goal of ours to
make sure the games aren't number one
very relatable because some of the
punishments I realized they started
going off into the deep end and we're
just having so much fun torturing each
other and watching each other in pain
that the game itself wasn't really
relating to people like for example if a
game was like eating balut and the
eating cockroaches and eating whatever
instead of just saying calling it like
the what how long can you take you
before you throw up game we should
probably structure more about the Asian
food challenge game or something like
that you know it'd make a little more
relatable and then be able to share a
bit more with about our culture and have
a takeaway message rather than just
watch another go through paint so that's
kind of like what we're planning for
2018 is to have a lot of games to be
relatable having to be really fun energy
still but also kind of educational and
make sure that we have a ton of fun
water plane up now going to the gym to
work out and get to go home at it and
see Tekamah like that I feel like me and
my bear are the only cars that gangster
parking so my car's right here my Bears
cars right here and we are the only ones
gangster parking it everyone just parked
normal oh shit that Prius gangster
parked it - damn what a gangster but
usually everyone just parks normal what
another prius gangster partner what the
hell damn Prius drivers are fucking
gangster
how many of you guys gangsta parking
cars
I even gangsta pocket in my driveway
it's just so much easier when I gotta
bounce later and the root of that term
gangster Park in it I think it came from
the 90s from a my generation it noticed
because back in the day when he did some
dirt drive by rob a motherfucker jump
someone you want to be able to jump in
the car and just bounce so if you're
parked in Reverse like a normal person
you have to back out and then take off
you can't just take off so we end up
calling this gangster parking it because
if you need to just go after all my
meetings I get pretty tired
I even drink like a little shot of
coffee just to wake myself up for the
workout but as soon as I roll up here
and I hear all the music banging and the
plates Clank in that wakes me up now I
can't wait to live so I'm getting my
workout and hopefully smash the weights
just finish training driving home now
about to go see my boy
my wife my mom and my awesome family I'm
beat I'm so beat today was workout was
really really hard
I'm really really stepping it up now to
train for the movie and also get lean
get flexible and I really want to do
well for the movie so I'm doing all I
can to prepare for it a lot of people
don't know how much preparation it takes
to get into acting like I think there's
a movie beyond the pines with Ryan
Gosling and Eva Longoria and she was a
waitress and the director made her go
serve tables at some random small town
where no one's gonna recognize her
just so she could know how it feels to
be a server for people to talk shit
leave little tips and pretty much the
grater so she can act from a place of
truth and that's what I want to do too
even though our movie is very comedy
based and want to make it really funny
and that's like the main thing I still
want the action scenes to look as dope
as it can obviously I'm not gently
obviously I'm not Jackie Chan but if I
can deliver in a way where it's still
fun and it's goofy and there's a good
time then that's when I'm for but to get
that for that one hour of screen time to
have a dope project you gotta put in
months and months of work and I'm older
now too
I'm over 30 so being able to get my legs
to stretch and kick the way I need to
it's hard I've been stretching every
single day now for the past three weeks
and I'd probably got two inches better
on my splits which is dope but if I was
younger like let's say I was 17 or 18
I'd be on what I got six inches lower if
I stretch that much that car is fucking
sick by the way there's this old school
Beemer in front of me holy shit it's
tiny but it's so fucking cool you guys
see that I don't want to crash into them
but it's a 2002 I don't even know what
that is it's like a flat blue that is so
sick I love cars I love cars so much if
I had a lot of money and a lot of
driveway space my driveway and front of
the yard to be full of cars I actually
couldn't afford a lot of the cars I want
that are really cheap so my $5,000 6,000
2000 and I could buy them but where
we're living at now we're only
designated a few parking spaces so I
can't really like have all the cars that
I want but when we get into our final
final home hey this is our starter home
but when we get into the home but we're
going to stay for the next 20 years
settle down have a family that home you
better believe I'm gonna have some funky
ass cars some funky ass cars and it be
so fun this is the traffic in LA that
everyone talks about driving like 25
miles an hour and one of my favorite
things to do listen to Joe Rogan I'm
listening to the MMA show or tyron
woodley or this one's super inspiring so
time worthy is
welterweight champion of the world is
the best at 170 and then he was talking
about this story where when he was in
college graduate school actually he
didn't know if you wanted to be a
full-time fighter or he's coming at a
crossroad I think everyone before they
really pursue their passion there at
this crossroads is like what should I do
and he was $50,000 in debt 50,000
nowadays that's just a bonus on top of
whatever he's making for fighting so
$50,000 to him was like nothing outlook
back in when you were poor 50 does know
how to get to the multibus a lot of
money and he was $50,000 in debt because
of medical bills all these things and he
was like man I think I'm gonna put
fighting on my just coach because
fighting you know it goes up and down a
lot of fluctuation coaching it steady
income I not to pay his 50 G's off but
you may not be he may never make it it
never made be a star you know and he was
like what should I do
what he ended up doing was go balls to
the wall all in everything on block and
he took out a student loan for a
graduate school but instead he dropped
out of graduate school took that loan
and he used that to pay for his fight
camp and long story short he had that
becoming that welterweight chapter in
the world and it's just such an
inspiring story I've never met he'd met
anyone that really made it made it that
came from a place where it's like silver
spoon in the mouth oh yeah you know I
woke up and I had my 50 G's saying in
front of me everyone was always at this
huge crossroads but I didn't know what
the fuck to do and they had to do
something that they've never ever done
before
and pretty much Paul I got 180 something
completely out of character leap of
faith and did really deep for all the
courage in the world
and that's that's it's finding a story
just got home
has been on this crazy Harry Potter
bridge just watching it right now I
can't even have a conversation with the
coaches so glued to it Robert can I show
the awesome picture that's her curly
even grandma thinks his buddy
do you think it's funny that she's so
good to it grandma's good to do oh you
did so you already know what's gonna
happen
what are you looking at the imaginary
thank you for anything United like you
for anything you promised okay I'm sorry
I'm sorry
ooh spooky California what is this yeah
I guess I've watched like the first five
I just made my meal but to eat my den
dance we got baby tiger on the little
carrier now about to walk around and
hang out with Grandma
SGO train sir Joe's been doing a good
job we're training grandma and grandma
is about to kick some butt she's about
to kick some butt after the holidays
what Tecna looks like what she's gonna
kick some butt after the holidays popper
says she hasn't really trained but turn
to the side though I got the bear things
it just looks like he's gonna fly off at
any moment I know but don't trust it
baby don't trust it okay I don't look at
his little ears face me
his babe as it is on it that's it
sticking out baby he's okay yeah fine
look at the big doesn't I mean the bib
his onesie doesn't fit him anymore look
at his toes big boy fine here you have
blogging sorry I just took it from you
that's all who's gonna be in the little
carrier I love this I wish I was a king
group yeah boy boy boy boy I just took a
shower bath is asleep tryna make as
little noise as possible put in the salt
the pepper pudding used baby bottle in
the sink just kind of sort the lights
preparing to go to bed so that will wake
up in the morning everything's nice and
fresh I use this plastic bag for my
lunch tomorrow
okay no other horse okay never mind I'll
leave this here because uh mine's
probably my backpack those are fresh
super fresh what I just got some dance
they're dope sick time today and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
