hi guys we are back in here at making
another how well do you know your spouse
video I would enjoy doing these because
I get to learn so much about my papa
bear and I get to relive a lot of the
moments that I guess I've kind of taken
for granted because we've been through
so much and we've been together for
eight years now we've known each other
for what 11 years so it's really cool to
just go back into the past and then see
where we were and this one's deemed
right is it's what about family or
friends yeah this one will touch on
family and friends and pets
okay got it all right cool awesome okay
you go first okay question number what
did your spouse have any pets growing up
what were their name um so I know of I
know if Michael I know spice in an
obsession so what what are they
Michael was a German Shepherd oh did it
Michael was a golden retriever that
later you found out was not a real
golden retriever with some sort of month
yeah um if I ever show you guys
attention it looks like a terrier
something uh uh - tie so which one the
first okay I don't know I don't remember
him very well Sheila called to make sure
but he's a real Canaries of old grandpas
old achiever very very Brown and horny I
have to get you got him oh okay okay
fine family and then the third one is
the beloved Tyson that we all know yeah
Reston's the rest in peace is all pretty
cool um actually yeah cool you're good
uh I know you've had hundred animals
you've got Birds parakeets Canaries cats
and dogs even had duck ducks they was
Drake yep
Oh drink you also had a rooster yes a
rooster I don't always the same there
was no name I gotta do some of a bitch
but it was a roosters of course
especially you have a cocker spaniel
Diamandis yep and you have a cat named
Lucky
yep we had a chihuahua with one eye and
three legs that one wasn't mine
yeah but I thought it was Kiki
yep and you have a division that we got
to share yep
touches yeah and it's also doing was I
know that's I don't know I'm gonna bet
me you'd be a attention yeah I never see
that one printed all expected you don't
face into the shop that's important
would it was Rafael remembers all right
yes I had all those of those Canaries
they weren't really mine but they were
were family pets I definitely named them
but I did have a bird I've had two birds
that were my own one bird he just was a
stray he flew to me which was pretty
crazy it was like this you know a little
lovebirds yeah you're just hanging out
in this manner your hand yeah
so my mom weren't done school at that
time and I was after school waiting for
her to wrap up so I'm outside doing just
regular kid shit where you're just
kicking rocks and trying to get into
trouble and then it's old bird just
flies little cute little blue lunch to
fly and I'm like what the fuck okay so I
picked him up and he letting me pick him
up I'm like oh shit so I kept him for a
couple years
oh um trained him to be out of the cage
that was cool and I was in love with
berries at that time so then I had my
other bird name pretty boy he was just
pop of teal and everyone yeah a little
white one yellow feathers
he was cool as fuck um we would have
photo shoots outside put in the night I
love you uh maybe I think I was akin
7:30 okay those were those photo shoots
were horrendous probably really bad but
I still was a creative kid so I would
put him outside my mom's garden amongst
all the flowers and stuff and he'd be
there and he would pose and look up
dressed up good yeah yeah those are like
those photos so kind you had a wait for
it oh my days
um and then I did have grandest I had my
dog Ibuki who was also living with
Rambis he forgot to forgot Pooky go yeah
patches that's good lucky that was the
president had bunnies the rooster that
we thought was a chick and it grew into
fuckin feisty actress - no dogs on our
lot with ever mess with this guy if you
like crossing the wrong way she just
charged it you remember one time at to
keep this guy he was feisty
it got it
question number two what adjectives best
describes your spouse's family I asked
for you yes from you answer to me
no and I describe your family well how
do you describe my family yeah I would
say you would think my family is crazy
hmm yes yes I love them to death they're
very sweet genuine people I've never
felt more accepted in my life extremely
loyal as this year super loyal super
sincere to accepted me open arms even
with that language barrier his mom and
his dad both treat me just as equally
with love and nurture and care and like
even just like money or anything that I
ever needed it was like if you gets this
and I get it too so it's always been
50/50 night I'm like cool but they are a
very unique bunch and I've never met any
two people more polar offers opposite
and so extreme in their way of being
like his dad is just super like um he
knows he knows everything but you can't
argue with him because you're always
drawing and because he's younger he's
always wrong so he's always right
he always does it he wants the way he
does it and then his mom is the exact
same way in just her way yeah yeah you
can't you can't out talk them I'd you
can't do wrong no matter what yeah yeah
okay you your family is oh wait no I
guess we easy does it
um Wow good I don't know what you think
um so my my family is very interesting I
don't have a big family it's just my
immediate family which consists of my
mama
mm my brother and my two sisters that's
all that's all we have and in that half
of them are really fucking cool but the
other half is really fucking lost so I
don't know how you're gonna answer this
I would say they are
yeah you would say awesome your family
is so fucking normal
yeah I think they're not all that's
pretty normal
so from my perspective because my
parents are so crazy like my parents
growing up man's word is law so if you
say it that's all that matters right so
from day one
when I told my dad and my mom and they
don't even communicate and so way that
they operate the same way that she was
my girlfriend that from that point on
every single Chinese New Year if I got a
read and look what the hundred people
what oh I bet you told them that no I
was like this my girlfriend holiday
without saying anything every year if I
gotta read it all but one or two more
lives she gets the same thing yeah and
then if if we're allowed to stay at my
mom's place when free so did her and
then I see what did six months a day my
dad bought her $1500 diamond necklace
that and my dad's not rich at all you
know but only now did it detention yeah
so he thought he see he's not rich at
all he doesn't owe money which is hella
ghetto and it's I think he's the type of
dude like my dad he quit smoking cold
turkey that's bad but he smoked for 30
years he goes want me to quit boom in
your face
when I got kicked out of school I needed
a ride to school every single day and he
woke up at 7 a.m. to take me to school
and he works night shifts we didn't get
home until like 3:00 a.m. so my dad's
have to say one and that's it so coming
but it sounds crazy at all that sounds
pretty awesome it is awesome but most
people aren't extreme like that okay so
if you didn't animatics yes if you see
that you know what the other day my dad
called me it was like when's Gio's
birthday because I'm gonna schedule who
knows my things I'm gonna schedule a
dinner and I'm like dad it's May why are
you cooking something in October because
that's all my dad needs you tell them
that
hey 2025 September 5th meet me at the
park done never needs to write it down
it's fucking best my dad's at Uncle Sam
right so because of that your family
even though you guys do have your issues
with each other
and some people are more laughs and
others and burning love you it's very
very normal to me like what I see what
it is to me
basic in other words know what I'm
saying this is normal like you guys are
extremely loving aren't extremely
accepting you know of course siblings
are going to fight like this
that's very regular cool we're regular
yeah question number three who would you
say is the most unusual family member
that you have met I would say of yours
that you need or yeah I mean the most
and you don't have very unusual family
members um they're all I mean and of
course this is compared to your family
yeah hmm so they might have been crazy
he might already might have been unusual
but now myself yeah you just you blew
that on the eye so I guess I would say
damn I don't have anyone that just jumps
up and does random shit that's crazy
that doesn't have to be the most unusual
thing mm-hmm there's many many other
ways I guess I would say then that you
would think my oldest sister is the most
unusual of my family am i right
oh sure nothing or no I don't have any
weird people she's just pretty unusual
them are on oh let me see let me let me
get okay your sisters pretty unusual and
what else is really normal
yeah it's also hard to say because I
grew up around Mexicans so like what
might be unusual to someone else is
normal like for example uh do leo the
guy who has like a little ranch and I
random animals and stuff like I know
people like that yeah and all everybody
that's pretty much skin and then you
have a little sister very introverted
super artist like I've had artists
friends and a lot more like that they
know so it's normal in that regard you
know there's no one that's like I don't
see none of your family members are like
I try to play Russian roulette at night
see ya no one's I don't know is that
crazy I know it's pretty normal but I'll
a normal bunch I would have to say the
most unusual one is
me it could be you could be the most
unusual one actually what is it I don't
know why I already said my sister I
guess I guess because I tell you I think
you are the most unusual one haha
because you're the most loving but
aggressive person enter my brother's
like that - yeah your brother is nice I
thought he loves you your brother thank
you
I suppose it's very nice very loving
after you on the other hand are very
standoffish I'm like a 40-point yeah
exactly exactly
I'm like so to look at anything looks
good oh yeah you know get the phone to
me I'm sorry but but I know you're
inside I fine so you're soft okay so now
I'm so for you I think your answer is
actually the same person ended up
chee-chee-chee was actually she's
actually way more honest than yours well
I'm a fucking liar she's like she's
crazy on the outside crazy outside fine
I'm not fucking I'm scary okay so me
seeing you what I would think would be
oh wait wait wait your mom or your mom
sisters I'm kind of tied between both of
them they're like they're there they're
there and Emily like that because I know
your mom pretty well and she does use
extreme measures to make things happen
or you can call her very resourceful
um and then just knowing about his mom's
sister so his aunt she's also pretty
awesome she's also very extreme to the
point where I don't even know if you
want to share this but oh sure one day
we were younger um they wanted to keep
their cows their family their family so
night to Titan why can't I speak they
wanted to keep the family so I'll get a
little of that circus without crazy well
let me just say this right so convinced
what it sounded like when I said okay so
tightly knit that his aunt had a
daughter and a son at that time the
daughter is relatively close to his age
may be like technique very close okay
well she's 10 years apart they're two
years apart in him in his cousin female
cousin and then the mom she proposed
that to keep the
really Heights that Bart baked and
married his cousin first cousin and I
thought that was fucking nuts and then
she's tied with your mom because I know
your mom is loving the she is she is
kind of extreme yeah and I think when we
were like I think the first six months
that we were dating she found out we're
living together and she came over to our
house and then just married us yeah
fucking weird yeah what's the best time
Baxter is a crazy my mom went through a
divorce
ah and my aunt has had a shitty
marriages so both of them instead of
really kind of stuff reflecting we're
crazy bitches and we can't hold a
marriage together they think the world
is crazy so we got keeping within the
family kind of like Lannister style and
Game of Thrones so I can see where he's
coming from but the whole context of
what happened I put int I wonder if they
like to take naps so we're all taking
that oh I like there's a Japanese tatami
floor and I'm like laying there and my
aunt she fuckin army crawls over to my
mom I needed to hear in G tantrums and
they're not she was like what and this
is not even like she's crazy she
immediately was like on board and I'm
just sitting there like what the fuck is
going on right now fucking crazy
yeah so and I'm looking at my cousin
who's like 10 years old I'm like this is
probably like seven I don't know what
the fuck is going on right now and so
that's pretty crazy and yeah so any very
crazy crazy fucking family like David
always says whatever story I tell you
guys times that by 100 million thousands
of you for real what is your spouse's
most repeated sentence phrase define
this irritating you're going to say in a
question okay you're going to say my
most repeated sentence is you know
what's crazy is I always say that that's
the line and you fight it yeah
yeah I don't mind it irritating but it's
so funny because I think every single
day she'll tell me that at least a
hundred times a day what was crazy a
hundred you notice oh my god at least a
hundred times a day that's how often you
say you know what's crazy before you
know what's crazy who knows be like that
hi that's tight like he said that so
much that pitch does it now
Casey says it now a lot of people say it
now like you guys are you're crazy
oh yeah uh you look Suzie yeah now I say
it - I might being of something I like
you know is crazy but yeah I never said
before that's his face sorry uh you for
me I think you're gonna say I don't have
some opinion I don't have a repeated
face as you I think your repeated phrase
is father bear yes how does it like them
now what is it I was always like what's
that abuse no I'm not
what was that something like ten minutes
ago for what I was asking you any kind
of shave with the water on no shake girl
is which I know with the water on no he
actually it was ten seconds ago because
we're trying to get ready to film this
he knows her schedule and I already got
ready nice equal on coming it ready I
already got ready and I was like Potter
what he's doing he's like oh shit I got
distracted then I come on we have a
scheduled ball like it's never come on I
don't have one sorry sure you don't have
it yeah you don't even know me yes I do
fine question number five what one item
of clothing does your spell swear that
you just cannot stand cannot stand um I
don't think I'm that particular about
what you wear something that I cannot no
you're you're asking oh well you you
with me yeah okay I fucked up okay
what is something that I wear that you
cannot stand I don't think you care I
don't think I want anything that you
cannot stand well he gave me a look like
that's what you think
oh my final answer is I don't wear
anything what I don't wear anything that
he cannot spend I cannot stand when
you're wearing black clothes oh dammit
that's so true she always wears a ton of
fucking yeah I want so many black no I
changed you but she was before a
wardrobe our first day second day third
day fourth day fifth day all the days
could black wooden dummy always look
like she's going to a funeral look sick
let me look like an Addams family member
hey you look so beautiful color fine
well I fucked up okay your turn bring
the brighter sofa your turn I've got
think of one now fine are we got one
item of clothing do you do I whether you
cannot stand what cannot you stand me
wearing ah you never really say anything
about my clothes
you usually let me dress however I want
uh what wow I wish it was reciprocated
well because I don't wear stupid colors
oh if I look particularly throw away all
of your clothes except for the bar bulky
I don't wear stupid clothes I guess what
else
I don't think there is one pillow - no
there is really nothing I think I knew
it you dress according to the occasion
yeah yeah no go to a funeral every day
so I go to look okay go last question
last question okay what were best
describes your spouse first team in the
mountains
Oh - about you what is that in your van
on there I would like to say energetic
and I was I get in there happy
I've been energetic like he's crazy how
much of a morning person is for me when
my alarm goes off it goes off for maybe
like 10 seconds to 30 seconds and then I
turn it on three minutes
doesn't go up that wall and listen to
song and I want to hear the end of the
song focus excuse me but no it's not
don't say that you're right you're lying
now um yeah so oh no not about it turns
it on no and then I'll turn it off and
then I like to lay in bed and kind of
just decompress you press it for eight
hours I don't know any people it's a
little bit more okay um but for him it's
like cute it's like the first two
seconds of it turns it off and he just
darts out of bed and he's like done in
like 10 minutes and he's ready to go out
the door and I'm like oh I just may be
tired but ah you okay so what we're
worried about you
well word would best describe your
sponsors being an attorney so what you
would say about me is how are you Lassie
this is too many words um big baby lazy
slow I don't know any one of those let
me give you a clue fine it starts with
the same name same letter as your name
Wow you're so grown I've always been
that all the pictures I ever take a
marker on my IG which you sleep
so affected because I know by all comes
up but if you look at it when I make in
the middle of my rim unlike this like
happy place by every measure soon I go
pee in the minute and I don't know I
just do as soon as that Sun sights
arising it just becomes more more sour
face become a fuck I know what's about
to happen I know he always like this
grumpy all the time well I can't help
okay but at night I'm like whoa and
you're just like rugby I'm sleeping okay
he said he has literally been in a
circle of friends and we're laughing
worth lab we're going crazy and he's
literally like this like a fucking toad
with a Sputnik I'm tired yeah so you're
comfy at night I'm sleeping I'm not
grumpy and grumpy and uh whatever
well you close us out cuz I'm comfy so
thank you for watching
that was really fun getting to guess
each other I highly recommend you
couples play this because a either you
guys will be stronger and gets no more
than or you guys will fight and break up
and you hit yourself so you'll know if
it's the real one or not yeah so thank
you for watching let us know what you
want to see from us next from these
segments of videos and the comments
below see you guys next time bye
