today is a very special day because
today on JK party Wong foo came down to
play mafia with it and I know this has
been a highly requested video and what's
awesome about this is a lot of the
people we bring down they actually don't
know how to play mafia so we have to
explain it and then so they're playing
very basic strategy and a lot of times
we get killed like that right but
because they actually know how to play
mafia this would be a really really
really good game and I can't wait to see
what happens are you excited but I'm
freaking nervous are you guys oh well
guess what I'm the moderator saw nothing
like that are you nervous that Joe's
meet West you give me like a really good
story I die yeah I'll try to make you
look like the best most cinematic like
like ending I'll try to are you nervous
your camera has a tumor on it as a man
has anyone ever seen your camera it's a
microphone no but it looks like has a
good growth on it like your gear up
and it was like a cure show I show the
camera the camera give me such a
microphone
I'm not I'm nervous because I feel like
with mafia a lot of it had to do like
but being able to read people
yeah and I've never lied to you guys I
met and I hope you guys are there I
hopefully hopefully you guys are never
lied to me but I know good lie and
that's what it comes down to some girl I
don't know I'm a terrible liar I think
I'm less than I am Phil what this bill
worth is hard on the whole evening those
people there's no peace today please no
heart I feel like I would I would I mean
I don't know are you good poking for it
if I have to choose the serial killer
between the two I would choose west we
see it well some serial it is
all right no but it's masculine they'll
make cement out the serial killer vibes
are nasty
yes it's in these days a lot of girls
want a tighter killer shave himself
dude I want to be in it that's not fair
you also we're going to be in LA we're
going to be Ellen
very good job they're into that story oh
he doesn't mess up me hey you said
that's all you're like event I was save
driving yes yeah but not really
haha good job yeah you did a really good
job I want to wait what we should we
just play another five different fun
yeah now get Oliver against you why they
all say that you're really good really
and they say that you have the stone may
be very very good
you probably intimidate people rely on
like you think I'm a different side of
video is a confident Phil I don't know
you were from Compton sir I was just so
passionate I was passionate
alright how did you like it from with
the Raptors down playing oh it's great I
know it's one of the best games you've
had because it's like a change of
dynamic if the energy is different right
yeah because I feel like we're so used
to our own dynamic and we do have like a
very like similar character trait and we
kind of go hard mom plays yes I get it
gets really stale even from like for us
like we're like who should be mocking
takers we got to make it interesting you
know but we already tried all the
different combinations so bringing in
and Wong foo though awesome and then I
think what made it better though like I
said it's like we saw really different
side of them yeah it's almost like you
know like the best NBA all-star
basketball game yeah you see the same
team play you know the chemistry and now
when you get like LeBron and Steph Curry
on the same team then they're like
you're like that's the craziest bleep
I've ever seen yeah an all-star game
that no one really plays defense yeah I
think the way Joe is play near the end
was exactly like that guy Chris is all
fun and goose yeah that's awesome time
to get changed as 280 what's next that's
what I'm getting food to roll a target
on I'm coming man oh my god do it yeah
we're hungry we're hungry you just got
to work you know so ya know we gotta
change and what's the next game just
dance okay cool
oh fuck that suck at that game so don't
worry you'll be good
where are you giving them strategy with
the strategy yellow movie scene look at
the so but that's we're just a blog
right now I've only hit the blob
somewhere you know like that's all you
really gotta get they just want to see a
hand go up here have you played this
game before
they don't need like this you know I
mean you seem like a pro so as long as
your physical movements are making it
you know what the ideal footwork I do uh
I got a match because I'm trying this
new thing with these fucking Under
Armour fans but you know what the
problem with Under Armour is it's made
for guys with bodies like you what are
you media you love I am a medium see so
the thing is I'm a medium to I'm shorter
than you oh so series of a leg like yeah
thank you I always have a problem with
small right feeding link not with I
thought you're talking about my quad
result that being so mad
look at you oh man you look at it it
disgust me touch me over we're all barb
over Jay right now it's hard a bit it's
hard a bit cuz its make for longer
people is there a lot of is there a lot
of them you know what do they call it
like image problems here at me I don't
know watch body up is there a lot of
body shall we at how do you think I'm
hotter than I am solid the way we all
think we're really really good-looking
that's why bizarre a comedian oh yeah
leave it slices in a mirror like I don't
need a rude way oh oh
how do those animals move so good damn
you guys are really good what seems
disgusted I need an animal like that
field line uh so you have too much
practice I always see you dancing all
the time oh you're talking about you've
been doing this distance College cheater
I guess that's very bad because I mean
you've been doing this in college you're
only the construction for that okay -
what kind of fun anything I want to
animal suit I would like to weigh the
line with from behind I never thought I
would dance against you I know in a
million years yeah and we ended up
dancing together office that's awesome
now it's lunch time make your mouth food
I have meal prep stay on track what are
you get you for lunch mama oh look at
Tyson normally high school all the times
it's all good they would get the orange
chicken in the curry yeah I'm in a way
for everyone to get their food and then
I'm gonna rub woo I heard that no love
ugly
time to get my food oh it's got that hot
put it for one more minute one morning
and then I'm also gonna get some work
done we have a one-hour lunch today
of a one-hour lunch today so I'm going
to get some work done eat or maybe even
a little math which my time is I'm kind
of tired I've been getting over a
sickness so I can't have like a mild
cold I don't have to talk from my stuffy
nose voice but my energy has been kind
of low these days so maybe I could even
squeeze in a quick quick a 20 minute nap
time for the next game but I am so tired
right now I wish I could take a nap so
on set you don't really have that option
so it's got drink one of these guys
and then energy the fuck up so I can get
ready also set on my eyes my eyes don't
feel as droopy yeah I'm not feels good
are you typed it for no no okay because
I just drank one of those tiny little
much of green so juicing yeah it's so
good it's like sugary so I'm like on a
caffeine and sugar upper is that what
usually doing you're tired you just
drink something on set yeah I mean you
have to we can't afford to nap and I
know guys hold the shoots
I'm tired let me go to France yeah I
wish we could know especially a Dicky
news day that's right like for lunch
yeah on jakey music like classic
advantage is extra like 20 minutes you
got it take a little now he's in a
little shower now cuz it gets exhausting
you know when you're a star you could do
that though oh yeah you know uh d-trix
ah he told me that one time we went over
to LMFAO's house i was a tall guy say
the sky blue or red sooo one of those
two I forgot which one and then he was
supposed to go over there as opposed to
collab on this YouTube video he goes
there was something everyone thought
happy you know when they thought within
my 10-15 minutes didn't start working
yeah and then the guy he was like
alright guys I'm gonna take a nap and
then Dietrich's going thinking like well
he's a superstar like alright I mean
like what am I going to say you know so
he he goes upstairs and the d-trix is
just kinda there like twiddling his
thumbs yeah and then it comes out four
hours later let's shoot for hours what a
waste of everyone's time you know we're
uh well not technically took a nap
predict you told me that he works on a
sport music video shoot with two teams
and you CJ and I forgot which one but
one of them ended up showing us like
hours late there's like all waiting
they're like what's that hell we have
this space for me a limited time
he and showing up whenever that was on
yeah that's rapper time represent a
notorious port kill oh yeah I wish we
could do rapper time you get away with
it we don't have enough swag yeah yeah
if I came out and I was like hi guy I'm
gonna take a flower not right with my
shot I thought I understand me I got the
dog anyway oh yeah just kill me what oh
yeah yeah I know
holy shit this this fucking professional
do you guys do this for every shoot you
have like a little diagram Casey does we
were thinking about making the roof all
playful I know this is amazing we were
even thinking about making an ass now
you play and like actually I fucking
people need a plan shit like from
enforce the fucking movies to TV shows
Vaculik bored high school college
professionals and like if you haven't
really like to mean huh are you leavin
the caps now enough for this Oh like
that's but so I'm gonna make a lot of
money if they do nigga tasks that can
actually do this although look at it the
people sitting here the easel when the
cameras are talking exactly how I said
is set up a lot on the ground
okay that's next level later on jump
jump michael the jeffery part of this um
i did in the beginning but Casey kind of
took it to the next level since you know
we used to get together and like draw
X's and O's on the board way more
players ello way nicer then the agenda
for the day you guys got the old we have
the comedy realize that being this we
got solid for per time whether sound
tears from 12 to 1205 everything that's
plan feel professional taxes again play
the game the host that is professional
and I had nothing to do with it that's
how you know it's professional if I'm
minute it's gonna get messed up but I'd
be a lot of fun good job dude
Thank You Bard just chillin and you got
people fixing shit you know it's
professional 66
honey we're campfires do you ever get
surprised when you come into work you're
like whoa I know it's like your time
yeah no I thought you guys are
professional and I know it I don't know
how to use this shit I know you do sleep
I'm not what the hell is that turn the
future what are you guys you hired me
Hart yeah I know I know you guys are
skills
that's your skill knowing that they have
the skills yeah yeah that's a skill
that's that's not called it's called the
skill of knowing they got skill yeah or
about to shoot I'll bring some DM was
doing something look everyone's doing
something doing something working on
something can't let the peplums bang on
I am so proud of you guys the JK staff
is probably killing it we it's only been
a few hours and we really knocked out a
bunch of shoots already I think this is
one of our closer Laughlin and they get
to go home and then I go coffee's
kicking in feels good put on an
energetic show and I'm gonna go on the
big map the time ago okay thank you
look how amazing this is this is how
people transform the just kidding party
set in five seconds wait how come guys
are putting a tarp on the floor
punishment zone because we replaced all
having punishment god damn it ain't you
Brad Pitt bull okay okay all right well
I was at first proud to show off how
fast you guys move and now that I know
you guys are punishing me I'm not that
proud anymore god damn it honestly I
thought they're gonna put the tarp on
the table and I'm gonna show you that
how fast they can quickly change the
tent but now I just realized they're
getting ready for punishment and torture
I'm getting out of here this is what I
thought they're doing me back I'm
getting out of here I'm gonna go get
some water because I still feel a little
bit sick under the weather
i'ma make an emergency
and drink it real quick I can't afford
to get sick so I gotta make an emergency
nice there's a box an emergency on the
microwave I know I don't want to get
sick to get a water from our weekly
stocked refrigerator this is so nice
and I'm gonna get a cup right here
and make that emergency strawberry Kiwi
never tried this flavor before
what is a chocolate this my friends
company yeah
dark chocolate for 78% dark chocolate
let it drop oil and energy bar so it's
got like some kind of energy for like an
energy bar ball yeah oh my god
what are you doing I am just laughing
because I am rat lucky you guys have one
more video shoot but I know you know
we're playing yeah I know all the side
of that you know what a punishment yeah
the fish to help design the game guys
RPF he is playing silent library with
the long food I don't know what the
punishment and the punishment are gonna
be nothing new right I'm not I'm not
trying to eat another ghost pepper well
then just get lucky
dammit you're so lucky how come we're
not playing because I'm making a life
they are doing alright I just feel them
move in a lot but I haven't been like
sitting around so I can't really feel
how often it's moving you know yeah
there it is I feel like you gotta be a
stylish the most stylish mom on the
planet who me yeah no way they're way
more stylish even 60 stylish look
looking at cool glasses right yeah and
then you got the cool Apple watch at the
knifes color that rose gold with the
little band band got that Nike cardigan
that people don't even know that
probably like you makes cardigan right
now and then you got this easy attendees
right there and it has a little tattoo
peeking out shirt oh I guess that you're
pretty stylish to my memory cue thank
you I've never thought about it I'm like
this old thing and then you got these
maternity clothes that people can't even
tell maternity clothes yeah this is my
maternity pants that I it's so big I'm
still holding home you and me you don't
go here yeah it's so cute but it's my
stomach my stomach's not big enough yet
looks cute laughter just hold it down
first oh yeah and then this shirt
Maternity well that's going to come into
play next month they said your tummy's
gonna double in size yeah that's crazy
that's so nuts but I'm so excited too
I like looking pregnant yes
honey it's beautiful I do something so
are you stressing out yet it sounds like
this coconut library I can't I do the
thing no one else very inquisitive right
now I like it why do you ask you so many
questions it's got a plane ah
keep-keep says he's not going to get
punished and he's not going to eat
laughs yeah I'm not going to either
I just I told him that he needs blood by
the time I'm going to come out spotless
oh my gosh I just jinxed it bring it we
placed this one game one time I've gotta
fill a silent library but all of us I
think there's like six of us we all have
to chew gum and then we fit it in a cup
and then we take all that gum mash it
together and then Michael have to chew
all of that it was like all together but
we've stuck it on the back of like this
oh yeah oh yeah we won it out and then
we had a meeting because that's done
from the bottom of the desk like a like
in elementary school with it what if I
just like I'm not going to do that yeah
then people are going to unsubscribe
you're like my dick on camera
because when you go to his channel not
long yeah yeah sacrifice - my personal
iPad no that's just a heads up
that's nothing bad see you guys later
oh just relaxing meatloaf over there
this is pretty much like at my desk I
have my know a bunch of a this tissue
paper just because I kept blowing my
nose I hate getting up and then I have
my protein you know I'm drinking my
water because once I get in the zone
usually like how I like to attack my
work I go pee let everything out and
then I bring everything that I'll need
so I'll never have to get up
about to blow my nose rink water drink
quality and have a snack or whatever
everything is next to me so I don't get
distracted but I finish with all that
stuff I think we'll put away the dishes
because the dishwasher finish the dishes
yesterday I'll put these away and then
put that random pot away things to clean
yep it's clean I'm gonna put that random
pot away and then and then I think we're
going to sleep I was going to start
setting this stuff up but I'm really
tired I just won
line down it is not an o'clock and I do
want to go to sleep by 10:00 so I got to
wake up at 6 a.m. tomorrow so we'll call
it a night
good night guys
