welcome back to the best channel today
we're going to do something a little bit
different and something a little bit
more interactive with you guys
so I went to IG and I took a photo of
myself you were always there I went
there I prayed like no potential or
something one day it was pretty it was
pretty quickly and it was a picture of
me with my big belly exposed and I said
hey guys
uh what bail stuff like baby bill stuff
would you guys like to ask us so that we
can answer in a YouTube video and the
reason I want to make this video is
because I constantly get d-ends from you
guys about like very specific questions
about the baby bill and I feel like I
get the same repeated questions over and
over again so we figured why not answer
to the mosses awesome I have the
aki-nee's questions so that would be off
the top of the dome and as honest as
possible
cool okay so first question comes from
Nicholas be s long Leon real Michael is
BS wheel Nicholas Liang Liang your
perfect okay
how has it been with the craving shoe
has Bart had to go out in the middle of
the night to get you something a lot are
you sorry
I was drinking some Canada's drive
calories are you swallowed it why do you
want to blow it in your feet in the new
laughs office I'm sorry I'm sorry
what okay but um I haven't had any real
cravings I don't know if it's just the
pregnancy is different and then maybe if
I have a second child if that will
change but as of right now I haven't had
any real cravings
um surprisingly yes you're like a weird
cravings like kimchi and chocolate or
cookies and ravioli or some late-night
pickle in vanilla yeah they want it
together everything that Margaret wants
is pretty normal and maybe cuz it hated
food for so long now I'm actually
growing in appetite so I crave Chinese
food or all creative like what the fuck
do you what digs always keep guard
entities minds in your eyes like if I
close my eyes you can see this line
right the lashline
for you images all skin like there was
me husband I think my freaking allergies
like crazy but go Jessie done alright
fine
so yeah no cravings Papa hasn't had to
go anywhere for me for anything ever
heard yeah yeah she's been really good I
have a good life I do have a pretty good
life but I've heard of the nightmare
fine your turn next question
TR BG tactic are you guys gonna make him
start weight training before school or
before school what does it mean like
before kindergarten probably or before
other measures cool before high school
so for me I am a Palestine coach so I
know a decent amount and I don't get to
science II but I do know a decent amount
about training in general and I really
agree with the Russian way of developing
athletes so what they like to do is at
an early age you put kids either in
gymnastics or martial arts something
that's very bodyweight based so you
don't stress them out too much because
their bones are still saw I'm that
morally acting and so you work on not
only a strength training a little bit
which is body weight but also hand-eye
coordination muscle memory agility and
pretty much everything having to do with
body awareness then maybe when they get
a little bit older maybe another round
and super of body weight a little touch
weights but only body weight so 14 that
book they weigh a hundred pounds to only
go at such 100 pounds you're not going
to be going for 200 or 300 he's gonna
bone understand development yeah and
then you you don't want through muscle
to get too tight too fast when they get
a little bit older then you start doing
more sports specific stuff so that's how
Russians develop athletes everyone in
the Sports Academy gymnastics martial
arts all kinds of calisthenics stuff and
then slowly if they develop you into a
swimmer you start wading out to other
people if you develop you into a
weightlifter you start weeding out the
other things so I really agree with that
method now we become a very well
balanced athlete and you kind of give
them the most broad diverse athletic
education in the beginning I'm not going
to go against science
and approved method so I'm a hundred
percent on board about yeah but also I'm
gonna keep in mind what does the kid
like to do that's much too straight up
these so even if I give gymnastics and
you were like hey I want to get into
basketball at the age of three yeah
let's do that
yeah cool does that answer I'm right
with you what the fuck is going on
I'm juice I don't okay next question
comes from a gun now the XX XX are you
hoping the baby would look like you or
Bart what features would you like to
have from for your baby oh that's a cute
one that is a cute one
um so I love Bart's eyes I also love my
eyes so a good combination of both we
just thought we can happen I on the left
or on the right
no no just both of them mixture boaters
I like poppers nose um funny allergy
allergy Shaymin um I do want them to be
tall so I want them to have my height in
terms of other features I don't really
care I just hope that they don't have
allergies I don't know so yeah don't
have any I like Roberts health which is
very healthy no allergies no asthma no
eczema no fucking blind or anything with
a month and I don't wear none of that
stuff no charisma which is just nothing
but I do like moderate beautiful eyes
but I do again look at my eyes I do like
I've always liked markers eyebrows as
well my eyebrows yeah beautiful eyebrows
what did I even mean I really just
they're like bacon solid they're nicely
shaped so you know mine it's all like
thin talk did hey I like yours it's like
thick and then we have a boy you still
want them to have really nice shape I'd
rather huh oh sure go model I want to be
tall like my bear I know you like my
eyebrows oh but I do
I definitely want you to stay with the
Marvis brain have my brain larger if I
can I can have my heart I'm with it
madres heart Barbara's brain of the
fuck you so ultimately I honest Emily
character Nia psyche rolling the dice
you know like if we have if we end up
having ten kids it'd be awesome to see
how many variations of us come out of
those and they're all going to be ours
you know so it's going to be really cute
just to see them good answer okay lil
cheese chances how has your experience
being pregnant in so far hmm we can get
a poppers perspective in a Marbury
perspective so so far my experience I
mean I'm in my second trimester soon to
end tear my readers daughter would know
I'm going to immolate soon very soon in
a matter of like a week or two I'll be
in my third trimester um but so far as
of now it's been actually really chilled
like um the first trimester which is the
first few months I did have a little bit
of the morning sickness and then I did
have my heightened sense of smell which
would like driving kind of nuts I think
what really kind of equalized me a lot
is the fact that I've been training
through my pregnancy so a lot of the
hormones and everything that's changing
in my body that that gets like what
decide oh it has been regulated by what
I believe is just the weight training
increased heart rate and he just
constantly moving so yeah so far it's
been really good I don't know what it
was to expect in the third trimester all
my doctor did tell me that the first
trimester a third time
first and third Rd worse so if the third
is anything like the first night sure is
it too hard
so so far so good what about positive
after pretty easy taking care Marbury
pretty much don't do anything it so she
doesn't have crazy uh cravings the only
thing uh is that's a little bit
difficult is because you do get hungry
faster now but then I'm also on a diet
so there's kind of like the conflict
right than it was if I wasn't on the
Dynamo cause my bulking phase it'd be
optimal to eat party let's go EEE but
now it's up to take care of moderation
let's take a different time
she eats more frequently than me so I'm
trying to redefine the dad like I'm
saying so that's the only thing but
other than that mothers are very
very easy to take care of even during
your moody stages you want that Moody
you know like you do cry and you're a
little bit more emotional here there but
it's very like oh it's just like a more
intense page I love it okay next
question next question comes from Anissa
underscore xoxo
do you think it's harder now that you're
pregnant to juggle between work
powerlifting and time for yourself also
when is the gender reveal somebody
address the gender reveal first because
you guys have been asking over and over
over and I don't blame you because I'm
just as excited to share it as you are
excited to find out trust me it's on the
forefront of my mind his mind and we are
planning something cool it's not to be
fantastic but we're planning something
it's going to come up soon
our way our friends don't even know our
friends and even up when soon at least
before the baby's born
yeah that's hosted yeah we will have to
trust me it's not gonna be after when
the baby yeah I swear to you
we're trying to think of something
really CUNY for our friends because
they're so involved - they don't notice
it they're really smart and they're on
top of everything like we wanted to have
a housewarming they're like
gender-reveal we're like fuck and then
we wanted to get just a little
get-together
oh that's the gender-reveal we're like
damn it they're like oh you bring
cupcakes oh I wonder what that so we're
like shit we gotta talk or something
she'll look fucker
yeah we're fuckin rich guys now ya know
they're just excited I get it
okay so back to the first question do
you think it's harder now that you're
pretty much a juggle between more clubs
on in the first trimester was a little
bit hard just because I was completely
drained of life and I was so exhausted
because I think my body was just working
double-time - it's working on something
that it never had an assistant before so
of course it's like what the fuck is
going on y'all everyone does my body
talking everyone hands on task we got to
put in double time now so because of
that I was extremely drained and it did
get to be a little bit difficult for me
to be like 100% at work
give my hundred percent and training and
then just give him a hundred percent I
was just I think you would hit some set
and like I was dead I'm like I don't
know about you guys with
and everything's like pop out so that
didn't become a little bit hard but I
think now that I've been doing it so
much and I do have more energy it's
become a lot easier like I don't feel
that much of it what oh damn it sorry um
I don't feel that much of a difference
anymore and it's very manageable
yeah maybe sad no no no look haha you
read this one
oh this is where kayla marie 16/17 psa's
1670 what is the most important value
you want to teach better than I'm uncle
I said you guys spoke so much a lot and
I want to keep it balanced if you want
me to speak again I'll speak uh didn't
hurt you no I thought about it a lot and
I think the most important value I want
to teach baby bear before I had all
these high expectations and stuff you
know kind of like the Asian tiger mom
Tiger dad and I realize that's not what
I want to be I don't want to be like my
parents because there's just so much
pressure that you have to be something
that you may or may not even want to be
even though I think some part I'm
capable lot of crazy driven and I've had
a lot of motivation and ambitious but
still understand pressure I think my
most important value is don't be a bitch
uh
in layman's term accepting that
employment terms but I guess to explain
it a little bit more I don't want our
baby bear or any of our baby bears to be
a crying little bitch I don't want them
to attendings are just super emotional
that's fine I'll suffice so what I mean
by crying as low a fucking pussy ass
bitch but what I mean by that is I don't
want our kid to not be tenacious you
know I don't want our kids to play one
basketball game lose it and then give up
on basketball I want someone that has a
lot of heart I want to create a baby has
a lot of heart is able to go through
challenges not get knocked down easy and
not take things for granted and not feel
entitled those are the main three things
like someone that makes up a little
bitch I can when I see a kid that when
their parent buys them a brand-new car
when they're in high school you know
what would appeal w I'm like you've got
a caution fuck up so that's what I want
to be entitled and I want them to
appreciate things you know like not
everyone in the world has both parents I
grew up divorced so appreciate that you
have for parents and appreciate that you
have oxygen you have a roof that and
then I just want our kids to have a
little bit of fucking some grit you know
the levels in there yeah I agree and a
percent I think to add to that to you I
want to add loyalty what does that
royalty in their word loyalty in you
know their promises I think all of that
is all-encompassing and I think it's
really important if you say something
you stick to it if you promise something
you stick to it you know if you Val for
something then you stick to that I think
the older I've gotten the more I
realized how heavily weighted that is
and how much of a lock there is now so I
even see that for myself like I see a
lot of my own weaknesses and I'm like
cool I'm sure every parent does this but
I don't want my kid to be this place to
let me learn so I can teach my kid
better better I really I mean my kids to
be the most talented the smartest or
anything because I really do think a lot
of people like you know depression is
one of the biggest epidemics of our time
right now and I think a lot of it is
heavily attributed to people not being
tenacious you don't know this is my
personal opinion yeah but I think
because of how first world we've become
and a lot of us of what we consider is
normal now if having three meals a day
and having a home and had whatever is
considered normal psychologically just
science wise when you deplete that it's
easy to become sad you know because you
just it's easier to get knocked down
versus if you're already a starving
child if you take away oh like one
beetle or something they're not going to
care because they just been through so
much shit so I want a kid to be
tenacious so that they can have a
happier existence and not be so
dependent on the surrounding like that
let the happiness come from what day
cool next question comes from Nettie
Torrio's Nancy Cheerios have you decided
names for the baby babe no we are about
three and a half weeks out from meeting
this child and our week yeah a month Wow
three and a half months for meeting this
child and all we have not decided on
shit we've been blessed
we've been walking up we have a couple
of names lien I really um maybe like one
or two that we're like we decide on but
I'm not like completely in love with
when I say a couple of names I mean more
a couple of families of names yes yeah
we have that so a guy like Indian names
Hawaiian names what else do my question
yeah
the Polynesian is Polynesian name Arabic
name yep
they're very beautiful yeah so that's as
far as he's gone as soon as we figure
out the name after we reveal the gender
for sure we'll let you guys know you
must do 9:45 what does all ages are you
going to take a break from JK after you
have the baby you owe me so I'm not
gonna take a break how do I take a break
so as a dad um you have to take a break
are you kidding me damn just fucking dog
me are you talking about
what kind of break are you talking about
like a leave that's not normal
but that's so normal like I mean how
long trying to leave Maternity how
long's paternity leave I don't know it's
not making that face
um it's about three months there's no
way actually take three months off I
don't know but just answer the question
I don't know I I don't know what's
normal
I don't even have brothers and sisters I
don't have like too many nephews and
nieces I this is really new so I have to
follow your lead fine um for me I do
want to take at least a month off but I
do have brothers and sisters I have
nephews I've been around kids but I just
haven't been exposed to the actual like
newborn process because when my sister
which is my sister my brother they both
have kids but when they had a date like
the youngest one is almost ten so that's
like a decade ago and I don't remember
anything so I don't know I don't know
what to expect I'm just throwing out
there a month I will take a break but
what's really cool about our companies
is that I probably grew my kids work and
it's fine or I can just work remotely
from home at meetings and stuff
yeah like it's guys
I don't really see it conflicting too
much yeah next question comes from Mila
Davidson do you plan a peach baby
Spanish and Chinese yes Spanish is my
first language so I do want to
definitely brush up on that and they're
going to be surrounded by my family so
they all speak that you know Spanglish
which is a mixture of English more than
middle circle know like vamos yeah my
sample video I'm talking about like
something like that yeah so um but my
mom she's fluent in Spanish he's
beautiful finish and she'll probably be
helping me raise this child um I read
coke bar that I do want to take Chinese
courses for that as soon as the baby can
start talking we'll take them to Chinese
school while I'm learning at the same
rate they are so that's so cute
bang bang booty Bao Bao that's so cute
thank you how are you I want our kids to
learn both too because um you know when
you're younger is just easier to pick up
languages so if they can't I would like
to support that my Chinese is not good
but I thought can at least teach our
baby all the Chinese I know and your
your mom and your dad are like killers
what Chinese so my mom is my dad has a
captive easy
oh forget am i yeah cool nightmare bored
oh well your baby refer to all the JK
bottle people as aunt and uncle of
Cole's
of course ah they all have to be
unsealed so yeah it's going to really
dope we're gonna have like a whole
village supporting modern paw bear when
raising this child I already gave
everyone clearance seriously if you're a
dear friend or family member in my heart
I'm like you can discipline this child
oh yeah smackle I am that's what the I'm
gonna have is for discipline into my
mother giggling yeah I never heard of
per discipline before is that that new
new Chinese shit so if it's my kid even
dares to call them by their first name
oh hello yep yep I'm gonna be uncle the
Dame Uncle Joe yep I see tit yep fuck is
your mother hey okay next one
can kill you uh John is fat who's gonna
be the godparents
you know what God thanks dude oh not
really so in the event a battle is
positive in fact Irina no this is would
be yes yes it is um in the event that
something were to happen to us
then they get the custody or they
there's like a caregivers on the rear
wheel yes
I mean it's not legal but like it's also
like a verbal agreement like it's like a
sworn Brotherhood like this I will take
care of it
yes yeah so I think for me it's caused
godmother if I beat it should be a good
gauntlet yep what about for you guys on
it does I just mean case you did know
it's where we wanted to be I would
really know if not just and someone else
gotta be together
uh they can do joint or whatever but
doesn't have to be Casey oh for yep whoo
good one I already have that person do
we have the same person so we say it on
the count of three
yeah one two three damn it shit I think
Joe David is uh he's very warm very
caring but David is um he needs to get
his life together not that it's falling
apart but I just feel like Joe is just
more of like the kind of Gus paraone I
think Joe is very similar to me and
that's why I was like David oh yeah
because Joe and I are so similar
Oh what I'm trying to do is not be like
my pens oh I want to get balanced and I
like that David it is that's why I
picked it - OH
I was picked it like just very loving
regular tree David loving nursery well
then David it is I fucked up that was
fun
all right next question comes from yes
sir fifty - how do you guys feel about
becoming parents I'm mullahs welcome
nervous but I think I'm more excited
than anything else because I cannot wait
to bring our love into this world and
just start creating a really dope human
yeah I'm
I'm just excited as I am scared and
nervous I'm excited because this is
going to be the culmination of our love
and we get to see this new little baby
kind of money they embody both of us is
gonna be soaked you need to see this
freaking real computer running around
potatoes I'm scared because uh you not
one you don't know what you're gonna get
sometimes you have a baby with great
temperament and meat and it's just easy
now I heard this this is really hard to
a bad temperament and it's hard to race
it was great temperament and it's easy
to raise so that's what I'm kind of
scared of and ultimately I just want to
have a balanced baby unlike me I'm
fucking crazy so but I haven't really
excited to be a parent because I do feel
like I have a lot to offer any child yep
so I agree on percent though last and
final question Sophia DB how many kids
do you plan on a B um initially I wanted
four I was raised in a family of four
yeah and it was always fun because you
unfortunate for me that age gap was too
crazy so for example me and my eldest
sister we're 15 years apart and then me
and my younger sister was six years
apart so because of that it kind of
sucked but it was always nice having a
house full of your siblings and then
your parents so there was always six of
us so that was really really cool there
was always something going on so I was
never like super lonely so that I wanted
form now that I'm older and in my life
is how it is now I think to minimum but
max I guess whatever life throws at us
but to minimum originally I wanted a big
ass now maybe four or five oh that's big
but after having three dogs and becomes
crazy it's not the crazy part I'm not
I'm not scared of work what I realized
is my head we just have Brittany and
font I got to know them better cuz I was
only focusing on one or the other and
then and when I when we had Tyson I was
able to really focus in on him a note
every little thing about it cuz you just
your attention is it split everyone
would only have so much attention but
now that we have fun breathing meatloaf
sometimes me
do something really cute and I'm
focusing on but breaky is also doing
something cute I lose on that yeah and
vice versa you know so I realize the
more kids you have it's just their
attention is getting split so I do want
to give my kid as much attention as
possible but I also want to maintain
that family especially I don't want to
have a only child yeah so probably two I
think I'm most three for me okay yeah
well guys that concludes this video I
hope we were able to answer most if not
all of your questions let us know what
you like these videos this is kind of an
experiment for us I just noticed that
there was a pattern of the same question
to be enough so I figured let's make a
video for everyone but if you guys
enjoyed these videos let us know in the
comments and then let us know if you
like it and what we should talk about
next yeah thank you so much for watching
it was awesome to have like a theme you
know the Q&A isn't random so like this
one is all about the baby breath maybe
does one about our personal life force
yeah or lobby's interest honey yes pet
peeves just random stuff like that let
us know in the comments below bye
