we got JK news today Anthony Lee and
make up a tuna coming down but we had to
wake up just a little bit early because
my affairs car needs to be serviced so
I'm at the dealership she came and
dropped it off first I don't see her she
said she finished signing all the
paperwork but maybe she's inside pain or
something I seen her car car's right
there but I don't see a mama bear potato
which means I get a little chance to
check out the mother BMWs goddamn
aperture opening whole thing are you not
open it too early okay so that plan got
ruined I wanted to check out some cars
before Marbury finish Church there's
another door damaged bright and early
everyone's office is empty so far there
ain't nobody here another empty office
crazy ma bear oh who is that the
four-door m3 damn I've always liked m3 I
was like how wide the front and rear
fenders in those wheels are boggling and
it's a nice corner tools are called
great plum looking thing okay where's
mom fresh to get mad at me she sees me
looking at cars because he she doesn't
want us to be late ma ma ma huh there's
mom
I see what are you doing back
this will make it easier to connect
people to kill many retain command job I
gotta say forever echo
you
I think are you doing any waiting for me
no I'm waiting in the lobby I texted you
oh do you need anything else or to leave
I need a sign something okay I'm a
looking at closet kind of get me other
that's not looking at okay
i time to look at some cars I'm actually
in the market for a car so as you guys
know we're having a baby
and right now I have a Porsche and
that's not the most convenient car for
mob bear to get in and out of cos when
she's pregnant and the seats are kind of
tight it is made to race and - it's not
very convenient to put a baby seat in so
I do have a bigger car I have the
Silverado still which is awesome but
sometimes it's hard to get around the
city with that so I am in the market I
am on the market for us - Dan and I've
been thinking about the Audi a7 and I've
also been thinking about the 6 Series
and also the 7 Series god damn is bright
knit so I'll take a look at O games the
M sticks Genesis fire to see my heart
really wants this because it is bigger
and it's nicer but the problem is I run
into the same problem as the Porsche or
I have to put the car seat in the back
seat and it's going to be a pain in the
ass to always lift the forward c4 just
to put the baby seat in so I do want to
sedan even though I love love love
coupes all my goodness mr. m4 GTS this
is the pretty much detract ready version
it comes already nice with this matte
black or matte gray finished Dan you
don't even have rear seats it's just a
straight of roll piece in the back how
much is this bad boy
234,000 yeah MSRP 134 but because it's
so rare they have to add $100,000
dealership premium 234 I had no idea
that the m4 GTS was going to cause the
same as like a Lambo for it is crazy all
here six days is pretty nice mm-hmm
maybe this is it
get us 640 on campus blown up get a 640
i grand coupe maybe that's something
within my price range off inside the
class was the back look like that's what
I care about forgot to put the baby seat
in here
absolutely okay so when it comes with MA
Bears back seat and that was kind of
small she has a 4 Series and this back
not too much different actually still
feels pretty small I can tell that the
front is way bigger like the front is
way better than our Bears car but the
back seats it's not so much the legroom
it's the Headroom like if you look at my
head I did my hair right but if I were
to hit a speed bump it applies smash it
so now I like the 6th series but I don't
think this is going to be the right fit
maybe I could try at the 7
I'd always you know like about the 7 I
never really liked like the 7 cuz I
almost thought was like an old man's car
but it's also boss dope
we're gonna 750 right here it does look
way bigger 6 the 6 looks more modern
sleek and stylish the 7th is a colder
but also looks wow looks have a palace
let's check out the back seat
oh one of the other cars I was thinking
about is also getting a mbz
and how this is a couch back here okay
now there's a huge difference so first
of all look at my leg room I'm extending
all the way out like first-class I have
tons of headroom acting is this dual
freaking sunroof
this is crazy dual Sun of it what what
keep out of my nose oh my goodness I'm
not reading my second auditions if I
need touch-up I can shut that care but
who's gonna be driving now with a stupid
comment oh I love rear AC do it I think
senators might be it so seventh series
I'm definitely gonna look at so six
series is uh out of the question because
it's just too small it's gonna be a pain
in the ass but in the baby seat back
here
I like the speakers to Bowers and
Wilkins these are some really nice
speakers and as you guys know from the
bear theaters I love audio let's go see
the five series because if there's some
way I can get five series and get em
five that would mean I did the best of
both worlds I get a road monster machine
and a nice family daddy car let me check
out the price of the 7 Series first
though because it could just be weight
out of my price range
and I don't know what I'm talking about
so let's see oh here's another 7 face
this one sends if the I how much is this
bad boy tardies not bad I try to spend
130 probably more but it has a lot of
stuff and let's go to has wheels all
again it comes like with the matte
finish dams wrong camera since I look
like oh damn in a fire as vegetarian
holy moly
this is so this is that boss ass car
there's talk to me it's our boss NASCAR
that also trying to get pussy on same
with the book and read in Syria but
interior that's that intended with a
girl getting they automatically take the
clothes off so the back is just as nice
damn is huge on the molding so this one
obviously is only 1:30 has it red
interior what about this one doesn't
looks more standard probably do some
with this one 15 I think I get to 115
just maybe 115 no m50 huh okay cool so
that's one thing I learned definitely
not going to get a six maybe a m5 but
the seven I love the spacing of the set
and that's really really nice m3 for
sure is going to be way smaller no flat
six do you have any five series on the
floor just inside here or not
that's fine thank you that's okay thank
you yep I guess that's it I'm gonna go
check out what mob because we probably
got to get back to film JK news what the
hell is this Tom Otterness be more
commercial and the Beamer dealership
Tomiko don't we got an Asian guy in it
we need more Asians in but look but why
is this agent you got to do time chief
come on dude this is so weird so I'm so
happy at school so I'm so happy that we
got Asians doing shit on the main screen
oh wow oh my god we got to come food to
Thai cheese but like a normal and easy
I guess one step at a time step one get
Asians on the big screen on the silver
screen and then still doing Tai Chi next
step let's just make my normalize dude
this is crazy
now look same commercial why dude and
what's this guy doing just jog you some
regular handshake dude well why couldn't
a Janu would be jogging and the white
dude doing Tai Chi come on man
what are you doing over here
how could me camera so early did you
come too early no I usually get here
around that time but this is a rare
occasion we're actually finished all my
work last night so I don't have to let
even wait kansui I've got my back she's
gonna help this happens other things
I'm a pastor works I see so instead of
just sleeping extra 20 minutes you
decided to speak so here instead of home
if I'm not good with my time management
I'll be late oh yeah yeah I have to
force myself to be extra that's awesome
you've been did a great job boys
cumberly thank you what are you doing
let me go finally I come beyond deer
makeup at home oh because I had that
appointment and I didn't care endemic
battle mm-hmm hey who will cool up today
be quiet
Cooper who are you like whatever way way
way interesting that we make you do when
I had that meeting with you guys in the
room I started taking like bags of
emergency I don't guess bolting you
buggers are sick you know bronchitis
cold yeah I woke up before you start so
and I'm like yeah what I mean Lizzy is a
sick a week imagine you're the world
contagious right now we all right now
and you're getting driven be worse
really yeah I'm getting better because
they wants to get it wants to want the
new host when you're coughing and
sneezing if the virus coming out is that
shit gay I'm fine now it's not when you
have a
what yes I want to get it from Bart last
Thursday he didn't have what you have
I don't know because like on Friday I
felt like shit
no you never felt like shit I never had
any fevers or chills I just had this two
months of bronchitis it was we had to
motherfucker
nobody said nobody ever dated I tell
people to chill I have HIV dude you
missed out or not really but everyone
that sat in your chair Joe was fucking
weird with Ronnie it's like Joe was
there still you love your demon on that
choice yeah they weren't trying to even
David started playing with like your
toys didn't even realize it oh is that
both yeah my mom heard this she'd kick
my ass tell you not to do that now it is
rude if you don't do that a Chinese long
kick your ass finish drinking everything
and I think you're rich but that's why a
lot of people aren't annoyed of Mexicans
and they are annoyed of Chinese people
to their roots
that's true that's also why Mexican stay
for two cuz you guys do wasting money
all the time they don't stay for pho you
already heard what happens what happens
they marry rich Asian guys yeah yep hey
Anthony just came in and I think this is
so cool this is a camera buying this is
so cool because Kim just makes that
Chinese Kung Fu offer right yeah can you
tell me you're telling me how Asian is
in right now I think you Justin right
now are they it is do I have a DDoS
nmds and just random Japanese in the
back I burn always day long you've got
to go one then hmm
I mean you got some delft enemies really
yeah I think Asians and right now
they're kids with Lamar yeah he was
where the same answer pretty much
similar yeah I mean what why do you
think that is like how come you think I
think the culture is just so like
focused concentrated and enticed
you look at liking something as as
melting pot now is like even American
culture yeah because there is so much
going on and then you look at some of
the niche cultures within Asia whether
it be like Korean Japanese - Singaporean
- ty - Chinese or whatever yeah a lot of
it is so specific focused and my
consistent right yeah you could take
something from like hundreds of years
ago and bring it to like the current age
yeah and it stays that way based off of
the way that they see culture and
heritage yeah I mean yeah so because
they're not as melting pot yeah but
America is kind of like the I don't know
the capital of the world especially an
entertainment and has a lot of just
influx of anything whether it be fashion
and music to people yeah like I don't
know you just go in waves of what's
tight yeah and it looks like Asians
surrounding that that curve right now
I'm coming back into this like place of
like yo let's go to wrap that sound that
look that style in that culture
that's dope Megan do you believe in that
because you got two sides to you and was
it growing up you're like my white side
is what I have pride in and now you're
like hey why hard 2% Asian absolutely
really yeah when I was growing up it
wasn't cool to be Asian so I mean I
didn't even have agent friends really
because I'm so if you don't have no
other Philippines besides my family so
where does your grown Jacksonville
Florida or Montana oh yeah Florida don't
ever want to be white so bad you know
like straighten my hair and I was
dressed in like Abercrombie and stuff
and then that's really why are you I
yeah super white and then when I got in
college is cool because like everybody
could say it I was like oh crap I'm half
asian
I wonder bucket dance Oh read it okay
and I was like it's way cooler the Asian
now so so you think it's going to be
Asian now that noise holler yeah when he
ariana grande she's her whole like or
even before her no doubt girl Gwen
Stefani yeah oh yeah thank you probably
gauges are cool at all I got a white
girl friend while wearing a soy sauce
Brad t-shirt
that's what do you think okay so like
because you know you guys aren't dance
and I would say that's probably like in
the forefront of a lot of culture you
guys are trendsetters do you think the
outfit that you're wearing
it's crazy dope in the dance world and
kendrick lamar's definitely on the same
set but he's wearing the same shit at
Coachella but if you wore that same
shirt in a like let's say you go to the
middle of the US right weather a little
bit further behind do you think that
shirt reinforces stereotypes or do you
think they'll get it though it all
should that stand you I think it's a bit
of both is if I'm going to ask you how
to make a best beef and broccoli
like somebody might recognize tell you
might recognize that like think this fit
for example if I was just in like a
white t-shirt tucked into black faded
you know pants white sauce and some like
kung fu slippers yeah then yeah maybe
that will reinforce the ancient
stereotype oh yeah if you can't tell
that there's a little bit of like urban
nuances so like you know recognize some
of those people might not even know what
the word nuance is all right well then
they're like look at his grin man change
change look at their neighborhood accent
I don't I don't know if they're going to
be convinced I don't think they're gonna
worry about clothes I think the guys
stop here that's tight yeah but you know
yeah urban new one that's like me going
out there and if that person is judging
me happens to be wearing like some straw
hat yeah with straw in their mouth with
a raccoon jacket some overalls holding a
pitchfork
sure
can you believe this today is the first
day where Jay King is in it early so we
just got home and I'm going to squeeze
in a workout because tomorrow I have
somewhere important to go in the morning
thank you Joe come on here that's Jerry
what's wrong why are you barking I'm
gonna leave mine um are you gonna go
with your target oh your back is so
beautiful
if someone's as beautiful as your front
look at that beautiful back Wow look 25
from back here what what what's what's
on your chocolate oh you are aware my
chunk guard that stuff like that's
awesome no it's one of my chances all
time oh yes okay I don't mind
well the kids are better really good
yeah well hey I'm your patio thank you
nice and I think that's what they need
they do yeah they love being outside
sing it I feel so bad oh thank you oh
that's nice for you just hang up on it
tonight
that's what they need hummingbird oh
yeah a lot cool so now I'm just going to
grab my gym clothes and I am going to go
work out and I'm trying to work out as
intensely as quickly as possible so that
I can come home and spend some time with
CUNY mob there before we have to go to
sleep so I will see you guys tomorrow
peace
