back at the office look at homeless Joe
look at this the only thing that
separates Joe from pink Humbert our
homeless person is money I like it we're
going to do yard work and no hard work
you know what you're doing these plants
are dying and someone's got to do
something about it
if no one's gonna no one's doing
anything about it but I would love to
compliment you on your form because I'm
a little bit
you got that mobility like a chip in the
mid-game Joe what do you think they're
going to be alive or come back I don't
know what I'm going to try my best
because alou systems all damaged it's
all how do you even know oh I can't put
there's no root oh that was a bit like
that there's only a root there yes
there's no root here
yeah but there's one right here so once
there's no root to search sighing yeah
you got to see the root of the problem
because thank you and that ladies and
gentlemen is planning 101 with Joe so
right now we're play testing this game
called whimsical shifty I spy and it's
the fucking most Awkward game ever
when playtesting with only three people
so it's supposed to be a minimum of six
to four distinct reporters for if you
for two oh four to eight players and
because it's just us three over here it
was like we're trying to figure out
so you're basically supposed to wink
without anyone else noticing anything
and then he was staring at me and then
Michael was staring at me and then I'm
trying to wink at Michael without
looking at me and it was just fucking
awkward and then Michael started making
like the weirdest thing ever I like
never seen as ice his conscience so
Lauren Oliver
could be was laughs like the way he's
cracking up right now and in like like a
one like millisecond he would just have
like a stone face he was just like yeah
okay
are you trying to weaken I'm trying to
wink at the location
Oh can't even try to wink at your spy oh
I was trying to wake up my spy first
which was who was a spy
it was a Yugi oh so you were my spy but
what the thing was I was trying to do it
in a way so that like no I was like
looking at him completely and I'm
looking at you completely and I wanted
to I can't throw him off a little bit
why you're staring at me like a creeper
oh so creepy when I was in the kill me I
wasn't sure he was like trying to make
like Munich it was near with you oh yeah
and you know what's really funny like I
forgot that you're supposed to blink at
each other
oh my god you give you the Deadeye it
was impossible for sure I like this game
I had a point out is just the first time
Oh Aaron is here - where did you two
play the game I remember all those
meetings are you gonna do that one
already
we it's done all right
are there so what is in the game - I
don't know I'm screwed
they're all this it's a fun stupid okay
okay oh it's a Aaron you're going to be
the green person you know the last time
when we did the like you won so when we
actually played it
most of them you're not like first one I
got was this spicy one there's a little
I don't know that loss was a thank you
for it
we thought of half but their right leg
left in half someone said exploded for
this okay so the way you play this game
is here we go looks like an awkward
sting all right okay so everyone the
game come begins with everyone's rolling
you know one of these two cards right
don't matter what they're called I
forgot so you can have this one you see
the color no idea the records there are
luscious stuff
he's over there doing some way - that's
right now we had the show we get this
okay so let's all just grab stuff and so
we can show your hand play our hand out
you want don't do it yeah just grab you
one then what does it matter
yeah we're the double Ematic is not is
it over oh and so if the Ã¥land of this
game is to use your eyes communicate
through linking and rolling your eyes on
like say it's your turn right look we
have under state but during gameplay we
don't flip these over yes that's right
please learn honestly yeah there's
nothing over for now who are you
alright would your character I'm the
purple or the show characters all your
dream yellow guy yep okay just put that
up front of us be cool okay I'll do a
reach out reach units below
okay so who's on your location
and why no not go go why aren't just
your price okay and then he asked this
location so this for locators this guy
there's the metro station there at the
I'm going to leave it there yeah cafe
here um and so what your job to do is I
am the orange guy he is the blue person
geo is dim purple person and your job is
to weekend mean seagulls that you know
you want to send the briefcase to me
briefcase to me right okay and you want
to do it in a way that they can't tell
who you're yeah you wink before your
hands anyway like this feels like oh my
gosh and then so once I noticed that
your wiki on me then I am supposed to
just my eyes towards the location that I
have a shit about that I was like I want
to like
the
all right work is over and we have a
special wedding friend's wedding to go
to this weekend
so Papa Bear needs to buy some stuff I
have allergies someone old still funny
perfect sounds great baby thank you
oh my god exactly you have everything
you want
would it be weird if I smelled it the
garage so if you're telling me if I
don't weird until you smell the crunch
lifelong it's fine yeah mmm so go it's
fine it's just the crotch I got just the
crotch that's where I keep looking they
go the pork offal to move over a blue
man Cruz the bra man is coming boughs up
so my actually where I was okay excuse
you sometimes our blood we must have a
really great personality a pair of
personalities I need to speak with lands
that I understand how funny I always see
it but I never heard that before so I
gotta go to the brand what have I been
brainwashed to by that's why I have two
golden perfect any of this do I know
anything about eiope you know what
commercial have I seen that's the best
way to go about it
fine good luck table oh yeah yeah yeah
that's all you I'll stick with shoes
first because that's the last thing
enough but for me it's easy to dress
from bottom up okay so I got to see what
sly delicious stuff I can deal with here
and then as all alright fine what's your
process when you're shopping for me
because I'm just doing this real quick
usually I like to go to a store I really
liked and I already know the style that
they have so one of my favorite dress
clothes is Hugo Boss everything they go
in there it's almost like 90% of stuff I
really like but when I come to a place
like this there's a bunch of brands I'm
unfamiliar with I just kind of go into
overall looks I would have overall look
I want and then the instructions I got
it was kind of like like a summer church
wedding feel so I'm okay cool I'm
thinking light colors I think a brown
shoes maybe like gray slacks and a white
fresh light shirt and I found like these
are great blue slacks which are pretty
cool so I'll pop with the brown and then
so now I just have a white shirt at home
so now I just mean like a brown belt
kind of match it and I think that's that
Lisa yes
I don't know if that's what I'm supposed
to do that's what I that's what I uh I'm
naturally trying to do what do you think
about this one
this one I kind of like this one on us
yeah that was great
cool core system original boundary I
noticed when it comes to creative stuff
where your heart goes first that's the
one that's usually the one but we
second-guess ourselves yeah and then we
go with other ones and we always end up
with the first one we're going to go
with those troops
yeah I thought myself after three
options yes I'm not really nice friend
I'm not familiar the only I'm familiar
with this Calvin Klein but even they're
usually not my taste I like that James
Bond sure
Yonsei so IJ's vonlee actually is like
DZ but that he still took someone's as
anyone Wow
so I like Mouse and styling a certain
time I go to express like what that
you're going to look really cute me but
you're not even have your wedding ring
where's it at I know yeah usually I'll
uh like Express is really selling but I
feel like I've promoted myself that
monotonic useful for focal tires imma
get okay so we are back home all Papa
you forgot to get your clothes from the
trunk the clothes we bought to smell oh
we're home now uh grandma got pretty
bear more pill pockets because this
morning we ran out and I had to bust the
MacGyver and I know that's really old
reference but I had to bust a bitch in
other words and I had to use their dry
jerky cut it looks like a piece of
leather I'm serious look it looks like
this right here I see that and then I
had to like cut a hole not a hole but
like a little cross but I could like
push the pill through it and then feed
it to the little high now right here
okay a little high now
he's big he's deployed so she would eat
it and it worked but it was so annoying
so grandma came through got the pill
pockets I'm excited
pop was walking like a zombie okay fine
are you can go to the conference meeting
upstairs oh good is the conference
involved uh me people ready they're two
of the main shareholders of the mattress
okay fine I'll go right now but that
lets us look so how are you how are you
so tired okay all right all right we get
the point so thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you guys enjoyed my
crazy day um you guys tomorrow bye bye
bye we're good right
