there what's up guys today we do another
Q&A but this time it's different
because I told you guys to post the
stupidest question check that was
awesome that you can on Instagram that
was a great idea you know what I asked
you got that home because usually we
post something like serious cuss about a
baby or Antonis or whatever people are
really into it and then every now
they're people ask the dumbest questions
and I want to reply but I'm also like
it's going to take forever and it's out
of context
yeah like why don't we just compile all
the dumbest questions yeah turn into
video and see what and wallah here were
your fire I thought it was a great I
thought a good idea thank you okay so
I'll be reading the first question from
NN trough hood would you rather have
balls hanging from your chin oh my god
ours have a five inch tail that waggles
that way that wags every time you get
excited whoa no fucking brainer if
you've known me and been following me
for a minute you know that I want to
take all of the chairs yes I want to
sometimes want to tale I've always
wanted to Ted it's so cool but it's not
a cool tell it's a freaking little 5
inch tail it's like this I don't care
that's cute that is kind of cute it's
like a little wiener so which would be
down a poke a hole through your pet yes
so I could see my cool little five inch
tail you know what the problem indeed
what do you do do do didn't get the dick
no kind of the prom is were humans so
it's gonna be a bearskin tail a trap on
a beaver tail shit wall bed anything's
better than that involved hang on your
chin
but it could also be a conversation
starter how do we get a fly in here I
don't know but if you be like hey I'm
going I I don't know I think I'd rather
others you can hide the 5 inch tail this
one you can't hide its on your face
that's the first thing people see they
don't forget to like see it fall no I'm
just just don't explore the option Oh it
also hypnotize people you can grab your
balls and then let go of it what do you
want what do you want I want to tell ya
no shit ha ha ha next question
bang times 2 Ted these are some crazy
names maybe I'm in 2010 I was just
fucking it up would you
rather only be able to drink day-old
coffee or have a crying baby within the
same row as you every time you board a
plane
it's our deal with coffee I don't know
but it's a no-brainer to me - huh
I'd rather have a day-old coffee yeah
because I drink day-old coffee all the
time and it's not bad yeah I'm with it
but I've been on planes where there's a
crying baby and no offense to the crime
baby or the night we're going to be that
family we're gonna be that family travel
it's a pain in the ass because sometimes
the babies crying crazy that way oh my
god you're like and they're like that
nah yeah it's like 13 hours straight
yeah
so for us when I heard that on my okay
we're we have a kid when the baby's in
that crime zone let's avoid traveling
and the freshest I can you know just so
I don't want people to experience that
let's be considerate yep yeah I ran away
fuck from Mary is Panda why are we alive
wow that is a great question um I think
we're aliens and I think we were just
were planted here too
I don't know so you believe in the alien
theory I don't believe and that we're
also part of the primate family I
believe in alien theory but I am very
stupid so don't say anything don't take
my word for it but I think we're just
about to fuck with one another honestly
aliens got bored and they're like can we
create something so that we can just
watch them fuck shit up all the time but
what if aliens come from it that's a
Truman Show
I don't know that wasn't the question so
it's where the aliens Truman Show hmm
yeah buddy I don't know I really don't
know why real life if we follow science
and the Big Bang Theory are you gonna be
for real you're gonna like really try to
school us right now
no okay I'm just exploring my thoughts
I'll take also like the Big Bang Theory
right and then that created the universe
and is evolution and then there's bunch
of elements I came
I'm so boring golfer phosphate oxygen
nitrogen so hard I did created life you
have the first earlier death the first
earliest bacterial life forms are
created and then from that we evolved
into the multicellular organisms which
created like dinosaurs all other stuff
like damn it
later on is this the type of role model
to be for this thing is gonna be boring
no I'm trying to explain so everything
just kind of evolved right so the what
I'm guessing I'm trying to say is I
don't really know my real life so he
went on scientific that I really don't
know why I live but yeah I don't think
we need to know I think what we need to
do is just how's the best life that we
can stop trying to figure shit out that
we don't need a feeder out and enjoy
life
yeah Truman Show that's what I'm sayin
like stop figured out why the fuck your
brownies exist just eat the motherfucker
are you still said allergy to every
single video I know
fine go mostly bread would you rather
have feet perhaps or perhaps Portuguese
thank you guys I see somebody's are
pretty fucking stupid and pussy or feet
for hands I got my acid um I would want
I would want hens four feet chance for
feet so yeah for pan yeah why not four
feet um because our we weren't built to
like walk on it so that we have to take
a lot of like muscular development yeah
sighs warrants orders over to our wing
at chicka take a nap pick a snooze um
also just cover your face yeah so that's
a video looks better
nervous uh um yeah and I think I could
have four hands not fuck yeah like you'd
have like candy in one hand I could have
a four thinks we're getting enough gamma
for the fat bitch just I could eat more
food what about you see why I want to be
like a monkey yeah they could actually
upside down with their fucking
that's our thinking of the monkey
looking like they got it down if you
like jack and sobs off for eating banana
yes I'm not - I guess about four feet
I kept developing buckets to run better
now I want to give a fuck about running
I'm not the client sure well we were
created to run like that we're meant to
standing read I'm always right
hey what's that I checked your body
Mitchell russet fine jaw too little Oh
jock who live do you eat at um it's part
once me - I'm down
she ate it before buddy but you said it
was whatever well then that stuff I eat
your ass before - yeah I didn't say for
whatever I said owes Bob I like to go
home yeah I'm pretty sure they knows I'm
sorry you guys have to hear this stuff
yeah I mean I think good I thought to
take a shower so it's not freaking like
nasty that's pretty fine but when she
ate my ass I wasn't
I don't really thoroughly enjoy it
because if anything he was thinking
about it don't you let yourself yeah
yeah it's just a stimulation around that
area it makes my erection boy really
yeah it's almost like a rockin ism not
for me I think yeah it's not for me okay
it's almost it's so shocking it felt
like imagine a imagine like you're all
horny right and then I smacked in the
face of a can all the time super warning
I'm pretty down over oh yeah oh I guess
I don't work like that I remember I had
a rock-hard boner and as you started
like you know this whoa
when I do the shock maybe go away thank
you a whole be crazy
oh nice like you're a hell of warning
yeah and you slip on a banana peel you
do get horny underpin like will put more
butt out of field on the floor no fuck
no that is shocking
whoa Daniel was coming the banana one I
didn't know it was coming I knew it was
covered by snow to build a house in the
field if I saw the banana one coming and
then I'm just like okay I'd still be
very morning maybe you're just horny I'm
a fucking animal
Brian eats if you had to choose between
eating banana and avocado for the rest
of your life which would you choose
a holdup set yeah you mean like you know
I love bananas another such as avocado
avocado you can make everything out you
have to get it in single yeah I mean
anything with excess you're gonna get
tired of yeah so of course both of them
on my guitar de but I think I just what
the fuck
allergies fucking crazy allergen ceases
Ellie but I can tolerate avocado longer
than banana that's what I've gotta do
oh hi I gotta make sure we sure now
because I love and get it a fuck time
but there's also so many other fruits
out there that I can might go with it
doesn't have to be like banana bread be
like maple bread or rum cake or whatever
is like a lot of other these but I'll go
politics like you can make it sweet and
savory yeah it does appear to me shake I
wanna shake you what what you can yeah
yeah and like with with
with bananas you can't really go to
savory like you can probably dry them
out and then make them chips and add a
little bit of salt but that is the
extent of it yeah avocado better hard
not have sexual relations with that
avocado show your show oh would you
rather be able to teleport or food come
pop with it I fucked it all up from show
oh would you rather be able to teleport
or food can pop up with a snap of your
fingers what's yours
I just read it you should go first
teleport I don't mind how many go get
food I don't mind cooking food it
doesn't have to be made instantly but
being able to teleport I don't even have
to drive I could just go I can live at
the beach work where I want play where
one oh yes that I'm spending as it is to
go wait I'm a bow and then it comes um
teleportation is like the life that like
encompasses everything so I'm doing that
I could be across the world like Beth
yeah I'm down I know I'd be so cool why
would you go I know and then I'd be able
to go to soups wedding
let's go yeah and then very about matter
what we do the airplane yeah
teleport who can make that happen Elon
Musk
can you Elon okay let me know you
Christopher
Scalia would you fuck a goat and nobody
knew or not fuck a goat and everyone
thinks you did huh
uh I don't want to fuck any animals I'm
glad you guys are these are the things
that you consider an invitation event
during the day like you're just sitting
there a grecian do I want to be a good
fucker um I think for me I don't give a
shit what people think just as long as
the people I care about and know the
truth I rather not thought to go and
just have people think I fucked it up
because I don't know fun about them what
if that ruins our entire career and you
get like you know how I just preach yeah
that like they touch children and their
vanished
yeah or it is like like Michael Jackson
you know you have to deal with the whole
stuff for the rest of his career yeah
you just have to deal with this mess
people they throw stuff that you spray
paint in your house
shoot your car harass and your death
threats yeah but you know I'm dreaming
but you never did it
so I'm famous because you're you're
speaking from a famous you're famous
right now people know you I mean but
it's I'm not like me not Michael Jackson
famous yeah I'm not going I'm not even
PewDiePie as famous yeah yeah so I think
I just oh you're so famous I'm pretty
sure at this level if I took a six-month
hiatus people would never know who I am
like I think I'm good no you're married
to me so that oh no no we want ah I
rather just not fuck ago what about you
you could copy my answer
don't bother God know about this
god-awful watch your buzzer girl but you
it bicycle I think I was what are the
hedges
what did I gave you Ghostbuster
why would you follow what knows about it
you don't even know about it you I would
have to very tell me what it says what
you fucker go and nobody knew your mommy
knows about it
that sucks with you I know but you don't
know that's disgusting
but you don't know and you'll never
forget how that rough pussy but you
would know it doesn't matter I'll do it
for the sake of us I don't want that's
it I don't want our kids to go to school
people fuckin throat available nobody is
threatening your life I know the
consequences
thank you live out our SH world and
someone makes some by people know I'm
feeling here a board billionaire wanted
to pay you money to see that
no look what happened a Donald Trump now
he says he grabbed pussy and now people
put that on all the pot yeah you know
what's crazy
what will our fuckin president cuz I
manage it doesn't matter but he also has
billions of dollars to fight off those
people that are kind of tear down it
yeah does it matter
I don't know I don't give a shit I'm not
fuckin a gun I'm a drama-free
motherfucker yeah I rather if I supposed
to go no one knows I'm not to stay
drama-free you're disgusting I'll take
one for the to drink it what team you're
the only one on this team I don't want
people to have best dress on it why host
ed you're adding all these I saw my
Donna don't know the consequences uh
seven and EVS sn7 meds
SS on a scale of one to ten what's your
favorite color in the alphabet this is
definitely one of the stupidest cousins
I never heard gonna be lighter on a
scale of one to ten what's your favorite
color in the alphabet ah three I don't
think you answer the question I don't
understand a fun question on the scale
of once yeah
what's your favorite color an alphabet
he said oh no on the scale from one to
ten what's your favorite this is to make
any sense with your favorite color
enough but ah let's go and want to turn
yes but what's the favorite color so
I'll compare
prescale once it actually I'm gonna tell
you right now it's seven or half green
that's perfect okay well I guess I don't
have a favorite color in Alphabet stupid
as it's like no it's actually green n7
in half that's a perfect choice
I don't have a favorite color in
alphabet so um stop that so I said on
the scale one two three such as three
for me once again you don't let people
down
I don't I just have to figure myself out
yeah okay I'm still learning well you
better go figure stuff out hey girl
fuckers don't give me any shit I'll see
you up call me drama free team man go
fucker whatever you want greatest of all
time we have a final goal don't know
it's a book a bad that's what the fuck
you did best lamb read the last question
last question by the way no kamae feet
oh I see what you did there
would you rather use sriracha or Tapatio
as loose oh no oh no they're both gonna
burn yeah well not Looby - they both are
acidic shit
they both are like vinegar base to some
story yeah I think the one that makes it
more watery or though is called the kyo
sriracha's like a stickier paste yeah I
think I'd go with toss it to you so you
don't want garlic pussy I don't want any
sort of tomatillo sriracha pussy I think
you get the worst on this one but once I
put it on and I stick it it's going to
burn you on the inside it is but I'm
constantly getting wet so hopefully
that'll help with it but you're just
fuck cuz your dickhead is so sensitive I
know
damn why would you ask me a question
like that no what's wrong with you
good question hopefully I have enough
pre-cum coming up and neutralizes it
there's not enough protecting your
pre-cum it's barely enough to lubricate
your eyes you know that little drop that
like goes at you drive you don't even
have enough for that my post comes for
you oh my god whoo I do I don't have to
go sriracha ah
it's thicker I want to work with that I
feel like it just sticks longer no but
there's more to work with so it's just
juice you're slimy but it's not plenary
sick yeah so that's what slimy okay so
for example if you need to put oil in a
car right and motor oil it's fucking
thick you want it to be like that
my last mom but if you put water yeah
it's cause and explode exactly because
in exact reason you want to be sick like
Roger yes so sriracha last ones are the
stupidest thing I've ever hear oh it's
gonna be dead and I'm gonna fucking rip
their bashed in
yeah so it's kind of that way you don't
make any sense your example is something
that's going to last longer exactly meat
which which is going to burn you for a
longer period of time
mine is going to be one shot because
it's thin no I'm trying to have
enjoyable sex
yeah me too I'm trying to get rid of the
fucking sting yeah
table with you you don't make any sense
you don't make any sense look what you
usually now we're gonna fuck it before
you get divorce with sunshine he fucking
bring back your do this wait I bought it
see look look what you did are you happy
yeah you fucked up stupid questions all
time is an idea well thank you for
asking these questions were really
really fighter fucking autocomplete
change your face into zossimov I would
never have considered that ever I'm glad
you guys don't have Chanel oh yeah I
never would have ever thought of using a
hot sauce as ever because you asked me
we considered it and hopefully answer
your question let us know what other
themed q and age you want us to do in
the comments below see you guys next
time peace
