good morning gang
hi baby bit how'd you sleep you doing
hey don't throw that 5:30 girl hi baby
good morning okay I'm up
I don't look up but I think I'm on and I
am on my way to go straight go to the
gym and I'm bringing you guys with me
let's go
hi so finished my super flight workout
today Monday back in the weekend
who just did oh my goodness boat just
did on some deadlift and then I just did
some sluts bedless it's just to maintain
the powerlifting form and just keep
somewhat of the strength there even
though right now strict beam is not my
game I just want to do a lot of form
checking all of that and then the set is
amazing I didn't even know to go galas
oh that is amazing
for cardiovascular purposes get to my
heart pump in and exercise gets my blood
flowing from a body so good
get a good little sweat on kind of still
been feeling a little bit sick have a
lot of cost a lot of phlegm I'm just
taking it easy drinking a lot of water
um and yeah I think that's it for me
today
Oh a really cool thing for my pregnancy
moves out there that still wanted the
list um because of my belly button so
much bigger when I bend over for example
is easy when I bend over to do the
deadlift here my thighs and my stomach
touch so I can't do a conventional pool
anymore I'm just straight off the floor
so it's a compromise for that I do it
off of like 3/4 inch block so I still
maintain the form I still get to work on
the mechanics of a deadlift even though
it is at a whoa
even though it is off blocks um it's
still really good workout so I should
quickly refer you guys modify it out
there and always just listen to your
body your body doesn't go right time oh
when you're pregnant so buddy doesn't
feel right don't push it
what's the point you know just work on
your heart then do a little bit of a
cardio whether that um you know walking
on the treadmill doing sled work doing a
quick little circuit anything that's
going to get your heart rate up is
always always always good for you and
for your baby but yes
I'm just going to show you guys else
this is I can't talk I'm going to show
you guys who else is working out at the
gym and then keep on moving with my BAE
wow wow wow the conceal she's ready
laughing woke up at the fruit
- not
so there you have it set some of our gym
members aka our gym Familia and they're
really really cool um they actually
don't mindset because they know if they
don't mind that we film them because we
love us but one thing that we wanted to
create in this environment when Bart and
I were conceptualizing the gym we wanted
it to be a very chill and move at your
own pace kind of gym so we highly
encourage filming not for the sake of
being Instagram famous but for the sake
of you know tracking your progress
I don't you guys watch the barbell
Brigade channel but I do have a few
segments on there and one of the pieces
of advice that I do give because this
works for me as a listener even though
right now I'm not much of a lifter is
just recording my set because sometimes
it feels heavier than what it actually
looks like if I'm going just based off
of feel and what I think it feels like
then I'm not really going to push myself
harder especially if I'm working by
myself it's a little bit different if
you're working with a group I also
highly encourage that but if you are
working by yourself I do always
recommend that you record your lips
again not for the sake of posting on ID
or any of that but just so that you can
see what your form looks like because
you might wake up you might not have
coffee you probably had bad sleep you're
stressing out you didn't eat it right
there's so many factors that can trick
the limit that can contribute to bad
lifting so it will feel heavy for you
however if you're filming and you see in
your like oh shit that actually moved
really fast then you can definitely push
yourself harder also you can just check
your form Oh shouldn't hit depth at time
this is just for powerlifting
weightlifting too you can just be like
well my form is really really bad I
noticed that the bar is getting away
from me when I'm trying to you know
squat it or snow or it has quite a bit
snatch it or you're squatting damn I
didn't hit death or if you're benching
oh shit you know what I noticed uh my
right arm is shooting up faster than my
left arm up there's so many different
things that you can send us it from when
recording yourself so that's again one
of the things that we wanted to allow at
the gym is just to record yourself I
mean it didn't the disclaimer we tell
everyone before they sign up like hey
you may be caught on video
be aware if you don't like it this might
not be the place for you but if you like
it there it is in the fine print there
you go but I mean but everyone better be
bowels so yeah we just want people to
progress as Lister's met or just
whatever it is that they're pursuing and
fitness we just want you to be great at
that not necessarily be an Olympic you
know lifter or competitor I mean if
that's your goal that's cool but if
you're just like a casual lifter that's
cool to like if you do want to post our
Instagram
what's the FOB who cares do you man just
as long as you don't get it anyways with
anyone's way and you're not preventing
anyone from reaching their goals we
highly encourage everything everything
here obviously not lifting naked or
busting an orgy because we don't want to
clean up after your shit and we want to
look at your dangling shit or your
floppy shit know what I'm saying you get
my drift
