good morning all today is a pretty chill
day I'm just going to go to the power to
see me to support Ren Ren is the manager
of barbell brigade and she's been
training really hard for me and she just
got off a glue injury meaning but injury
and for any of you guys that do know
anytime someone comes back from an
injury it's a huge deal because you lose
that confidence you know it's kind of
like getting knocked out in a fight you
lose that confidence you're scared to
really put on a lot of pressure on that
body part and she is going above and
beyond herself to prove to herself that
she is back completely so I'm really
really proud of her in the meantime of
making a meal this is my bangin meal
it's so good my macros meaning the
calories and oh no I fucked it up
meaning the calories and nutrition fast
on it or really good tennis I mean I'm
just getting way too strong I think I'm
Way too strong guys I just you just got
you guys just saw me single-handedly
destroy a piece of plastic that's strong
so this one's only a 604 calories and
it's 59 car 70 grams of protein lying
around the fat I got to take the salt
out this one comes with a classic salsa
put this back on and then put it in the
microwave probably put it for like two
minutes and thirty seconds yeah so we're
going to go there to support her
meanwhile we came up as a bottle brigade
Productions team we came up with a
really cool idea to kind of maximize the
meat so one we're going to be their
supporter anyways and after she's done
lifting we might as well get a mini
photo shoot done in a meet competitive
environment because we have a lot of
pictures in the gym and we have a lot of
pictures like on location and very
stylized fashion type shoots but we
don't have ones that are just kind of
like in-between like living regular
candid life so today I'm
charger wearing this shirt which is
going to be the new new it's coming out
very soon I believe either the end of
May or early July and I already have
these pants on again we'll make them pop
down make it pop and then in addition I
think I might put on this green vest so
it'd look really cool look like a really
cool outfit along with this watch I
think it goes well together but um at
meet venues it gets really really hot so
it is very hot I won't wear that vest
and now he's got a pick some shoes and
I'm really glad that I have them my
sandals all the way up here
goddamnit I'm really glad I have most of
my shoes oh no Jim dark most of my shoes
organize now so it'll be easy for me to
pick my outfit what do you guys think I
should wear that wear my airmax picnics
my green New Balance is gray I think I'm
feeling white don't have white shoes I
do yes all those dirty maybe I should
clean them now let's go with these and
onesies and I'm up on a long time I
think these will really make the shirt I
can't open with all that of talent in my
legs open it turn off the light so many
things to do do I mean though the brick
beat I bring my shoes so I think will
really make the shirt pop because the
print on the shirt is either a white or
light gray BAM that's my outfit right
there touchdown with the watch and
everything I think that looks pretty
good bond is at home because Jill took
her to the vet the other day to get Jen
like a little growth we're getting that
removed so hopefully she comes back nice
and happy and they're going to test that
to see if it's cancer I hope it's not
cancer because we all love her awesome
meals ready
that's the image here what nobody's
doing it is car Nadine Nadine Nadine
welcome inside yeah bitch huh huh
put your shirt off cuz it's hard just
took a shower you're weird
just what Jeff is coming to oh cool yeah
she's gonna come and hang out and check
out our product in me get dressed back
inside what do you get mind you guys
missed them huh guys probably miss them
that's why oh look at that
eyes go inside great go inside come on
good boy yeah they're really good I've
never seen your dogs are here and I'm
not yet thank goodness
uncle TIFF you do
forty room Bonnie of death Hauser um
servers typing do they put it off yeah
look John it they don't give it to me
they take it to the lab to get tested
Oh dawn yeah
what line crack and you like just aware
that home do that whatever with the cone
of shame Meat Loaf's fucking crazy
come here honey get away okay wagging
tail like giving a wild
sorry funny without fun pretty damn sure
hums yourself on me
I think they hello Dale mister we
dropped off yesterday
here's your teeth yeah yeah I asked he
took out a couple of wrong Darius that's
being crazy
that's gross right yeah Wow she's gonna
get a visit from the tooth fairy
I don't know she can't have any more
food no wonder she oh there's our oh
you're not sure with eats poodles oh
maybe maybe was hurting her yeah it's
hurting her to eat yeah
are you at least up today hey Ren are
you feeling right now are you excited
yeah get that word out alright oh yeah
hurry up
so I just got to the meet I found ranch
warming up in the back
she's getting ready and I think one's
going to do very good today because you
got pretty much both with a barbell to
support her it's been training really
hard like a felony when she's trying to
recover from a bite injury so we'll see
how well she does today
good
read stop messing around 50 what does
that doing almost how much where you
guys putting on
you know that's like 205 or almost like
220 right now why did you want it like
220 or something you want to twenty
right okay you're jumping like a hundred
pound I've been warming up all
let's go read
ah
Oh God
another girl died last warm-up let's go
yeah
you
on the moon
one let's go red
got this
people now beautiful look there at seven
o'clock
yeah maybe a little
oh goodness
then how did I feel you're doing what
Wow
happy I could have fun noun 1
want to work voluntarily we working
would you like you eat you ate all the
kind of stimpaks out in whatever gown
that pop on you just like you don't know
how to feel just yet
something says that their attention it's
like alright done bad luck have fun
what's going on so I forgot the
clearance of this car and the clearance
outside it said it was six six and I
forgot a few cars clearance was thanks
to renewing or six six or six nine so I
was like fuck it let's fucking take a
chance and I got a fifth day there's
always morning watch look at this look
how fucking close it is okay I could
fucking saturate I've dragged my finger
along
holy shit fucking Yolo
only with you it's always yellow a
rendered great at her meet by the way
Oh before we crash this car just great
the ceiling on the roof
alright the tar is all for guys
the entertainment is over after close it
you guys have any expectations
movie-going David while he already says
that be prepared to cry I have so far
like human is leader please did you like
this rather I did deserve my sister why
things are so big mercy you think that
you can actually make divide try or do
you guys think that easily I think he's
pretty
well then I guess got it okay
we want to be around an amazing
screening tonight it's sold out and
we're trying to get everyone outside
inside welcome Celica have to be the
directors performing artist meaning they
came here where your ha ha ha ha he's
not going to come and help so if you
look like me I see at least
so how covered I see at least 40 SEC
down front
if you're sitting here is a bit old up
in the balcony and they're gonna see and
ease on you that's not belonging to a
friend can you raise a hand we're going
to count really quick yeah
and already right there okay have a
great night
we know the work about it work you know
and I've known you for four years now
and you know I mean this is very
different from what you we think of you
as master and what have you so I mean
you know you have this successor
Twilight and through there there's
YouTube president and all of you like
totaling over and I'm you know come to
work with meeting or clinically persona
so this is really a film that really
shows realities in talked or my thing it
so what how did you come with this
project and I believe he had perfect
grades and and you know the story of
coming up with positives all right yeah
I mean you know I've always wanted to do
a film about the rights and just to give
you guys back some background my my dad
you know he he had a story paramount and
we got looted during lossy the rights so
I have you know in personal experience
with with the uprising and you know it's
I was eleven what happened and at that
time you just don't doesn't really
register like the significance of it
also you don't even know that the danger
really I just remember watching TV and
seeing you know all the economy they
just kept replaying stuff sort of sort
of thing they just kept replying in you
know just just my 11 year old me my
sister we were just talking to each
other and it was just like you said what
does this mean does this mean we gotta
move we got to change schools we going
to be seeing our friends anymore
it is just like you know what 11 mil
thinks about it over the last I don't
know 10 10 years there's been a lot of
projects that archiving Tybee made us
was honor
oh by the way does the person that broke
you will solvency or z2c kind of knocked
that out at the studio in late at night
so there might be a lot of play and my
heart is the beat again heart a matter
of me oh sweet newly please can't
believe what you like the film on their
potato is great I think David did an
amazing job I wasn't excited
fortunately the Asian American story
I've never seen anything that wasn't
risky for me so this was like something
next level for me where I was like whoa
this is cool like I've met some of these
Asians not the Asian that I've seen like
currently you know in the theaters so
I'm like this is so like I even forgot
that it was about Asian people and and
and like you know the whole riot I think
we just needed a very universal story
about the relationship well that well
that and then just like in the hood like
I can relate some stories you know
because I did hear the gunshots I did
have my parents to like yo dirty like
you say and say yo but they're like you
got to be home by this hour because she
gets crazy at night like my pages if I
didn't grow up in South Central
engrossed in what was a panorama Parana
okay remember mr. Compton book write a
paramount very I don't know why sir um
but it is still felt very relatable to
me you know so I thought I thought it
was amazing and David you all know I
fucking hate with my heart are you doing
that I love him there were they were
times in the movie and scenes that I
forgot that it was even David and it was
so endearing and his character was was
just so soft and tender but like because
of his environment he was forced to be
like cards Gugino yeah but I really
loved the acting that he did again I
would forget that it was David I'm like
it's just his kid you know that that was
kind of born in this like unfortunate
environment and he's doing the best he
can to survive but his heart's like
living salsa that was really dope either
I was I was really proud of him that's
awesome
- yeah David killed it Justin killed it
everyone on the film killed it make sure
you guys go check out gook on iTunes is
coming out soon and if it is released in
the area please build support for the
awesome film it's 11 o'clock at night
somebody tagged retired good night
