shit destroys your arm so better yeah a
little bit you're seeing a lot closer
phobic
yeah the critic is to me brought to you
by Lee's coffee where the only thing
that can make us coffee
well everything else is bomb you have
sandwiches and some whole undersurface
oh did I leave like I I appreciate
leaves because you guys are like the
first ones to bring like Vietnamese
sandwiches to the area every time we do
with your spit in your mouth
yeah the wettest mouth ever dude mmm I
should joke about all the time
- yeah but I appreciate leaves for what
they did to the fucking finding me
sandwich committee because before you
guys it wasn't accessible to a lot of
people you want to go to somebody's
mom's house Sacramento there was a place
called Heung LAN that we saw always go
to Thailand
yep but nowadays people have stepped up
their game especially in STV area
there's a places that are fucking bomb
and shit like bug me I don't know how to
pronounce in MI space th o motto but
never in love with that place Buchan
good dude I suppose this supermarket in
high school and then they made fun maze
in the back it wasn't even allowed but
then it was like underground but man it
was bombed by the Asian people always
find the loopholes because they always
they want to test the market so what
they want to do they don't want to come
out and invest all that money and fail
so they have a supermarket but they'll
start the babysitting program in the
back first and I'm gonna kick it school
and all cool kids like this and they
open the next thing you need some sweets
of kids sound of pot of tea is like not
trained not trained was fucking ghetto
when you guys first showed me yeah and
then it blew the fuck up and I was
professional as hell there isn't dog
meat before Oh dog me - like it is my
lives we're gonna believe you good rides
like I'm just gonna do my coffee next to
the big on the wall
let's make predict on the wall using
true to
yeah yeah whoa whoa all right all right
for or it could be a cat for the gears
of the face this is like a tail I don't
get it I think it'd be like a cat Julia
we're just testing humans the tail is
four times the size of the cat
let me see Ryan can you move back where
can you go
where's the chat where the cash look you
seem like a few ears right what is it
dick going out of the cash back okay
although the dick got the back up again
you know what I'll job for you guys
later Lauren Elmo's the head the head of
the dick is Barney's head oh it's like
it's gonna be 66 bucks per head by odd
nothing nothing Pluto gas or money dude
your straws backwards again well why do
you wanna kill yourself why you think
you noticing my flaws Matt but tech is
stupid no you're trying again out of
doing JK music all sorts of I'm never
one here doing J Kenya's oh really
because you're just a second
Kyle Joe a self-promoter here cheeky
grin ballet all right speak English talk
about oh oh you're gonna skip up Wow you
knew
look with dumbing you down Bob legit
I was about to point out Bobby leave the
pretty nose out here leave a say
something about me when I wasn't the
only one I'm not partial they're having
the bonnet on one that's true
thank you maybe I should mention it to a
picnic George no we don't want to hear
anything
you're gonna ditch us thank you
about that are you shut up for like two
weeks
that's impossible I know I can't make a
living but this is where my living is a
vacation
we've always are yeah were you here when
Bobby was here no I've never been here
with Bobby was here that was crazy
enough it's fucking awesome Inez yet we
can start whenever Domino's vamonos I'm
ready
vamonos vamonos mommy yeah yeah oh yes
you're already becoming a fucking dad
because that's the wrong way yeah oh ha
ha
so what is Larry your mom yeah what is
it what's happening now I just want you
to think about it if that was assault
would it be positive yeah what did he
plan under Lumumba yeah yeah
Oh what's happening now God is it what
is it no do you see what your skin
happenin what's happenin ice
oh is it let me love him every night oh
yeah I di I thought II I literally know
I did yeah Eric said that yeah all right
you got this question is what's happenin
now it's not even in here oh yeah it
isn't it just goes where's the money
yeah oh yeah it is what's poppin tonight
wow you're not as stupid as you look
well no your app using I let me do it Oh
it's already there every night oh ma
works if you want to get laid
don't be smart boy wife words from
homeless hours oh dude tell her
yesterday about the pirate on the bike
oh man we were in Santa Monica with God
guy and I like dude that's fucking joke
he was there's a homeless guy on a bike
with a pristine clean white bathrobe
like the cotton scale like you French
terry built yourself a motel and he has
the biggest pirate hat and you were just
riding a bike to Santa Monica I'm like
what no that's not what you said like
look that's Joe oh that's job I think
either went into the bathroom or
something happen quickly
hey let's go on a ready sketch for you
guys is called what would have happened
without JK guys almost person I should
have be fucking funny dude there's like
you're exactly the same person but now
you're just at Skid Row and everything
makes sense now great all right let's
roll I'm just kidding I don't make that
go where you go
let's roll right let's do it action
everybody Aris me Jen oh not yet fuck oh
sorry all the time well argue about
something else alright so they're within
our human Avadh dishes and you were
saying how the audience please comment
below on a success by step how you wash
dishes yeah well why why do they need to
do that you rinse it put it inside a
dishwasher hey what's that a pot that's
how it should be what the world's not
perfect what about a pot or a pan huh
what just about done a plat our pan does
just call Jessica she'll help you out
you don't mind erection I like these
argument where this is almost universal
in every single relationship girls
always have a problem with the way guys
do dishes yeah but I don't say anything
what was because I did the professional
way oh it just as I'd rather have you do
I don't want to
my new formula on motorcycle like eight
or nine but couples have never died
after girls complain which means the
guys are doing alright cuz we redo it as
the girls like it sounds like girls guys
can take more complaining from the girl
because the girls are hotter I go crazy
I got enough play with a bend because I
heard too much complaining in my head I
just didn't even complain her me and
PTSD
residual complaining that went on in my
head you know like when you have the
angel the devil on your shoulder
yeah I just had just telling me you need
to do it this way you need to do it that
way you got to do this and then I guess
I can't take it anymore I start beating
it up though I thought that only
happened on CW show oh that's crazy
sometimes no I'm in the kitchen and like
I do like a little mini mosh like it
leaves me to fuck off like I'll be like
a show me quick hi can I see a minute
I'm like wow this is beautiful object
what's up you don't have any physical I
don't know and like what I want yeah but
that wasn't about me a mouth feel better
was looking for it yeah alright yeah
like the cabinet won't be a different
line than I feel like he'll actually hit
something that's not me that caused that
caused him to be mad but if it's media
causing man you put some air relief I
don't want yeah not just make me
physically violent but but uh oh no I
think Madison's right everything or
don't many more use either got better
because I started throwing things that
are okay to break like I got this I got
water bottles and I didn't against the
wall boom oh oh I think it was for I
don't know why there was four water
balls
you guys didn't stop wasting water but
your bad throwing things things away
yeah yeah like there's something else
she complains about anyway you think
about solving the way well why do you
think I've always shit here I guess I am
kind of bad at it true do you have the
Korean ink the Asian style yeah because
because I used to do a book rage and
anger for sure by a Korean guy and he's
talking about like galleries mostly got
a K race that's good yeah if I think
what acting a lot of
guys have this and in American terms
it's kind of low-key abusive behavior
yeah
without physical abuse but what a Julie
I would like to know I know what I feel
I know what we do
yeah I know what we do I know what we
feel but I don't know how other people
is normal in our household cuz we grew
up that way yeah but right in mind cuz
we're not beating anybody right which is
beating the air yeah mm-hmm well it's
usually this generation that was born
here as it because their fathers were
not emotionally available like so they
didn't really show how to like negative
face to like have emotions and like you
know display your emotions and like talk
about your emotions so like I told me
about as much as I loved you but all in
and tsunami yeah yeah I think it's that
compounded with them getting beat by
their dad yeah yeah yeah the mom yeah
yeah today so I don't see I never grew
up beating my girlfriend but um we would
beat up doors and beings and and I
didn't know that that was abnormal
behavior I just thought all couples did
that yeah me neither cuz my desk
Filipino and that's what he did to Sally
Roddy on the wall anything hey I think
I'm a team one you got to be karate why
we got to be correct oh you did what is
it the sticks the caveats but I feel
like um I need at the pillows I beat up
so you don't see them that's GUI to fill
up that pillow so does she start
smashing dude like please no later i'm
ashlyn I did Nicky go down oh yeah last
year right yeah I've been like that
I'm sure kick shit like that Thank You
Janice but why then I take the pillar in
the garage that like pure cement yeah
away that was fine the pillars
all right like oh yeah yeah it was great
I'm fine she this was fine too she
hasn't noticed this about herself but
she's fucking adorable even when she's
doing mention so like it's really had to
hold back from laughing today's little
girls woman like it's like cute to me
like she might will be kicking a rock
like we're in a sundress with them like
we go to look like little girls that's
weird
no it's cute I says okay right I have to
was fuckable I would say that no so
we're we're at M&M concert right and
we're standing front row because I'm
like International temperance and and
she's up there and she knows all the
words to all evidence I'm not even
kidding I forget sucks actually crazy
and so but she thinks she's like hard
while she's doing okay but she's like
one like it's just the cutest little
girl would this is where like you tip
these little booty shorts and shit this
looks adorable as well right me neither
I like came around and he's like he's
filming the DVD yeah for the concert and
you like stopped up you knows like yo
fuck you
well fred durst this camera right you
know and she did but it just looks
hilariously horrible like she's a
fucking key burrell getting angry at
something like you don't believe it it's
great it's true you know that's where
your lifetime is true no well that did
work you what you look on you hard it
was supposed to be an argument or doing
a guy person's goer get it now you do me
that's a healthy relationship
you just can't get laid now that's what
you didn't compare do that's weird
that's gross oh well and I can't happen
yet somewhat okay with that I know I had
a similar incident recently where I was
in X key to that argument but we just
thought of busted out and cracking up
because just looks like she was going so
crazy and like thank you I don't know
what was said but at the very end she
was like I can't
like James Brown oh no they are you
right who's been racking up like what we
were angry at you crying and chanted in
to another boy her nose into meat that I
do it like you need that relief or some
dude beginning place we make it work I
don't make it we have naked fight no we
only Bailey I know we do this thing
that's nice we're element where no one
no one's hiding shit it's like after we
had a big argument so she'll just like
take your head around the corner yeah
like whoever is more wrong will be good
know and I'll do not do emulator yeah or
it's like like a big jackhammer ship
you're just like working like like that
yeah it works really well and weird
cause I can't the end of the day we both
know we're not gonna like break up or
like like we're just done like we got it
out and that's like well there's some
couple like I know people who break up
like every three weeks or well you know
yeah most people and that's not what we
don't do that shit so it's been in that
relationship to like I've definitely
been in a couple less so we don't do
that just to each other we took what we
but we have our own way
you guys are so weak I wanted you guys
to argue thanks for being cute you won't
ever get me you know physically fighter
now forget it I'm cutting a baby
all right so I'm finally home had a long
day of some Jay kid news and um yeah it
was nice it was my spending it with JK
fan / huge it was even nicer to spend it
with um Steve and Nicki I love them so
much I think they're like the coolest
people ever um yeah and we've like shot
with them a few times already and we've
had dinner with some of you times and
every time they're just fucking awesome
people but there's no but that's it
they're also me people period the end
new topic if there's anything that you
guys want to watch us do I know you guys
are like come on what you didn't have to
you know with each other more or go out
more and you know hang out like we're
really trying to do that we really try
to take your comments and your
suggestions into heart I promise we
really really do so make your
suggestions I love them I also
absolutely freakin love the positivity
that you guys are leaving us like you
guys are fucking awesome like you guys
don't understand how your positivity
rubs off on us at least for me
specifically I loved it I loved it like
it just fuels me it feels good I just
get so motivated to be positive right
back with you guys and anyone else that
encountered just for a simple positive
comment that you guys leave us or leave
me at least um I absolutely love you
guys please continue to spread the
positivity I'm reading it I'm really
trying to connect with you guys follow
us on Instagram you know you can follow
me at geo underscore Antoinette you can
follow Bart at Bart Kwon and um yeah
like leave comments there see what's up
like I if I can and I have time to I'm
going to interact with you guys a little
bit more active on Instagram little bit
I'm a little bit more active on
Instagram that I am on on YouTube but
regardless just leave me your feedback I
love love just
seemly years have to say but um yeah
yeah I'm excited
thanks guys
