today I'm going to be wearing sandals to
jaqen party because I think the shoes
that I want to wear I left there but if
they're not there then I'm going to be
the only idiot on JK party wearing
sandals so hopefully they're there
before I go i'ma grab two proteins for
the road okay I think open the cardboard
boxes so do two proteins for the road
water here shit a little full of
vitamins yeah I remember to take my
vitamins later okay yeah all right
thanks
way to go I'm going to try something I'm
going to try letting the dogs walk to
the car by themselves and one of two
things could happen one it's very
successful and they jump into the car no
leash needed or two they can run off in
20 different directions and I'm going to
have to spend the next 20 or 30 minutes
trying to wrangle them and then being
late to JK party but since mob bears not
here who loves following the rules I'm
just gonna try letting them get to the
car by themselves and hopefully they
listen to me the leash is in hand right
here
but that doesn't mean anything let's try
it let's go kids do not do not make me
look back do not make me stay late date
stay right here good kids stay right
here stay good you guys are doing so
good stay in the garage stay in the
garage
Thanks Wow babe hey wait wait wait wait
wait what do you guys do at stay stay
stay good they hate nope nope nope nope
nope get back in that good
hey hey very good why do you guys come
in I fight
get in the truck get in the truck now
get in shit I forgot a unlock it
no okay get in there get yeah we did yes
we did thank you guys for not making me
look bad for one because it
the last time I saw my shoes they were
in my office
hopefully it's here so I remember we had
a barber brigade shoot and I brought
pants and shoes yes I found it my first
try these are the picnics that I wanted
to wear cuz remember that short sleeve
hoodie that I bought in Vegas I wanted
to wear these guys with those guys and
they're here don't leave anything else
here nope zip awesome
let's these bad boys on the dump down
nice and done put these guys over here
don't have to look like a dummy on set
finally put on the short sleeve hoodie
you guys want to see what the complete
outfit looks like BAM does it it does it
sister
my short sleeve hoodie then I got a
vague in and then I got my hat my barber
TV hat I got my pan or I watch my five
dollar Target shorts but it looked nice
cuz I got my kicks did and it just added
uh an AMA does the Gazelle
please excuse this get all I where are
we gonna get things fixed in Jay King
hey what the hell someone gets something
caught on it washes the glue oh my god
we're so fucking good oh dude I don't
know what game we're playing next but
I'm assuming there's team because happy
bucks are in pink and
half of us are in green no more do you
know what we're playing this we're
playing this thing sick and twisted
charade oh I love charades but what
district exist apartment I have an under
no clue and then it service bacon and
over those only part so like opposing
team can like sabotage their like the
guessing game so this one says actor may
make sounds but not say any words or
letters like cool so it's literally
twisted charade eyeball that we get
thrown yeah dodgeball - yeah there's a
condition where with dodgeballs I would
murder you I'd like to see you murder me
like I'm murdering my basketball you
have Libyan basketball I'd remember that
I'm playing chicken no oh
murder location how about this for your
channel won't we have a basketball
tournament meaning you know you're just
trying to utilize my time to make your
payment no I'm just trying to beat here
so yeah right Josh always try to
piggyback off my face while we play cuz
I murder you okay unless later let's see
let's get back left you're just acting I
got back well writing on the back of my
car we can go looking beautiful pay you
we can sell this today hey you're in the
barbel office right I have a spotter for
ya but also beat you too
we need to do cardio and you we need to
do a full court session lose don't even
run I can run faster than you
Yeah right alright then let's go you
gotta call it on an ocean yeah I know I
really want to but you know as a leader
I just want a boat a baby you want to
motivate people you want to bring them
down so I want to motivate Josh and I'm
gonna do my best I know he's delusional
but I gotta do what I can
yes make him feel better later bye
alright checking out running down the
game yeah what is this game yeah
so this is basically in a nutshell
charade
with a ball being thrown at you while
you're acting out sounds awesome alright
alright so they way do I think you know
alright so officially I strayed so with
a few twists right so the gameplay
begins we're going to separate into two
teams we have the Green Team and the
pink team right and then yes and then so
gameplay begins with um I know why you
pick is going to draw the color of the
box yes absolutely nice even going to
draw what are called twist tiles right
so why don't you guys get one and then
you guys okay you can have one
- we're doing a privateer we know where
you a pipe this game right you know
walking right I'll walk through a slash
practice game and then after that right
it's basically like charades like one
team will decide to go up first
yeah um before the team acts though you
have the chance to play your twist pile
right so these things are like either
ways to get your team an advantage or it
has gravitas the other team must have
their eyes closed
ya know before the round starts say
Joe's team is going to be doing the
acting yeah then you guys can decide you
want to give him a handicap on the time
travel around with his eyes closed so
I'm pretty funny obviously when he needs
to read the card he has to open his eyes
to see what the car is is also kind of
you know no one is going to be acting
out so that part you need to open your
eyes but once I throw this card and then
he has to act it out with his eyes
closed yeah the round starts yes exactly
the whole round um so that's what it is
what kind of twist pugs you guys get so
here are the ones that give you a
benefit for your thing so it's like
usually when you play charades right you
can't make any sounds with your mouth
so none is like yes yeah since you're on
the right track in this game and you
also can't like draw letters in the air
because usually your Penta money exactly
so in this game if you have this tile if
you want to play it before you can
actually make sound with your mouth so I
guess if you're trying to act out a car
it can be like her or something right
there's also another card in this game
called Pass which means like you know
the guys acting but the teammates cannot
figure it out so then they can play this
card and they can pass because unless
you have a passport you cannot pass at
all so here's a last twist is that um
when this time runs out that's not the
end of the round word ha ha ha when is
it the round ends when the ball hits the
actor timing runs out means that the
other team now has an opportunity to
throw the ball at the actor and if you
guys miss you have to go get the ball
and walk back and so all the first rows
have to take place from beyond the table
but after you miss you can go forward
pick it up and then throw it from
point-blank if you want to rob for real
correct you can only throw a ball once
the time without correct on it as well
the last thing is how do you get more
twists pals right so so you can only
throw the ball once the timer time
enough yeah and then what's the point of
that to distract them
no it's the end around oh ok because I
use like one second and boom he's out if
you get I was a long gangly orgy dodging
you can keep getting points though so
what you do right and then I say you
don't get it for another three minutes
and you can get over here that make
sense
Julia Weaver
so Josh mentioned about like checking
out DM I get some weird nasty it was one
of the weirdest one G yeah
oh the weirdest ones I got I think a
Christian drew me on top of a frog just
like getting humped by like someone else
what it was pretty weird
I've been sent it I usually send my DMS
or I show pictures to either Brian or
Brian I mean Ryan they're buying my
reminder Brian yeah I know they're
pretty weird that is I were in it what
was the weirdest you guys I don't know
because Josh like asked me the question
about DM and I'm like yeah you know I
never really checked them so I don't
tell now I'm looking at them and I'm
trying to see you know so far I got a
high a heart hi Julia I think you should
meet me and then I don't know what let
me read it
oh that's one's from me oh hi you to
meet me brother you both have the same
personality when you love you keep 28th
and Vinton and me from Toronto I try to
set you up with this brother
yeah what about you my real girl I
respond to them sometimes like a fab
what is the latest with the latest
Oh weirdest I didn't get any weird ones
yeah so far Joe have you gotten any word
ones
weird um this kid said that he cuz he
goes oh he goes in our videos okay
that's really good I just got home and I
am so excited because this is the first
time I have ever cooked salmon from my
bear and we've been together for a long
time and I used to make this salmon dish
for me and my roommate's all the time
and they
loved it so hopefully I nail it but I'm
really excited for you to try mama
because the way I like to make salmon is
after I season it yeah I like to cook it
where it outside it's fried and crispy
and the inside is medium-rare kind of
like sausages sashimi but because I know
you're pregnant the inside I cooked it
just a little bit more just so that it's
not raw but hopefully it's still the
same texture which crispy on the outside
soft on the inside and then I also made
my own little sauce right there
taste this you like it it's limey you
like it I got you salmon because you
kept telling me you want to cook for me
and I was at Costco I was like let me
get Papa Bear salmon yeah I know how
much you love salmon
so cut a little chunk dip it yes dip it
it should be crispy oh my love off your
speed is already should be very crispy
get a little better yep their hotness Oh
Melissa you promise promises bomb robe
on really was it soft on the inside and
crispy on the outside
mm-hm necklace I'm on high that's
awesome it's very very good do you like
that sauce is yummy huh no you do a
great job Papa you spoil need a little
spoiler no song and I love you oh you
like that sauce that's called awesome
that's good lucky papa
the sauce is easy is just male lemon
juice and dill weed okay yeah don't tell
anybody nice I don't see we do you need
I have weird it our little baby is gonna
have a yummy meal cooked by pop up
tonight Raymond and your Papa so that's
it for tonight I'm gonna finish my meal
I took advantage of them and me myself
the salmon still ate my meal prep
through a little bit style on the side
we're gonna just hang out watch some TV
and call it a night
see you guys tomorrow bye
