whoo back on the JK party set again
everyone working setting things up good
morning Ryan
today is our first day back shooting JK
party since the new year and I'm excited
if I miss everyone you can invite oh I
like your hair oh you put one little
streak in there yeah it's for something
special
what's the special
yeah we're setting things up getting
everything ready
this place looks brand-new for some
reason even though it's not it's been
the same we haven't really done much to
really make your brand new but just cuz
I haven't been here in a while
it just feels brand new you might even
feel brand new for you guys if you guys
are watching the video Matt haven't seen
that place in a long time Michael
picture is still on the door yeah
Michael yes and we also meet again food
but damn it you know what I hate about
bagels they always look so fucking bomb
Deluxe bagels cinnamon raisin huh Naz
blogging but you know what I hate about
bagels
this thing is 260 fucking calories so no
one eats one bagel you got at least two
or three of these and then that's the
mmediately like 1700 calories what the
hell god damn it
it's fucking tiny it's like a doughnut
sighs ding yeah eat like two or three
bowls of those such a point god damn it
they need to make some lighter bagels so
I can eat three of them and you know
what else is fuckin tricky these
delicious pop tart things pop-tarts
brown sugar cinnamon and watch it says
you read it and go 210 calories you're
like Oh for the whole pack nope for one
pastry so that means in one pack what is
this motherfucker and this damn one
patch we know there's two of them in
here right
those two if you eat both of them then
it turns into 400 calories you fucking
trickster it should be one serving is
two of them not one serving is one we
supposed to show someone I'm a sponsored
G star athlete what no no I was just
looking wear jeans and then I tried
these on and they stretch hella good but
I could go ask to grass starts to what
are those some other some fuckin I bet
they're like two not cheap how much
that's pretty good yeah I bought some
more G stars I don't know no I bought
three pairs and then I ordered some more
that came in I just want to make sure
and confirm the size and then I haven't
tried almost on boxes still
yep
I don't know I just feel like I'm
awaiting gym clothes all the time and I
got changed it yeah stuff that make
coffee that's at the brim I drink some
and it didn't I had to drink the top so
doesn't spill and now I'm just walking
around trying to get out of people's
ways without spilling hot coffee we're
not fast I can go idea I think I'm gonna
start filming and for 2018 we got a new
kind of creative direction for jakey
piece we're gonna have a beginning of
your meeting what's mama bear your eyes
are too sexy for Tiger eyes you look
weird you look like the nosy neighbor
that's peeking over what is his name it
was from home alone at home alone home
improvement yeah I forgot that you never
saw his face
hey neighbor yeah Ryan Kate tell me
where your job is my job is enough sure
so I have to juggle four cameras right
here Wow through what through your
little headset yeah we all have had sets
so I'm listening to Michael tell me
why do you listen to him why does it
Myka listen to you I don't want this to
Michael all these squiggly squiggly
number lines
thank you thank you for keeping
everything in order
thank you for keeping everything in
order thank you for kicking everything
you know how i trick motherfuckers on
just kiddie party like it's another day
I put on a jacket I wear the same exact
shit when I wear a jacket and not
everyone thinks it's another day of
shooting that's how I can minimize
packing a ton of shit cuz on JK party we
shoot I don't know today we're shooting
come begins Roisin today Michael so
we're gonna make it seem like it's five
days yeah that's the magical secret
behind Jacob yeah so to be fishing 25
games so one of my outfits is just a
jacket over the t-shirt if you guys
forgot to do laundry now that I did but
it's got new laundry you wanna mix it up
just throw on a jacket and hopefully it
doesn't warm you up where you make the
shirt smell cuz we're into two days in a
row Jill's mom just sent us some
pictures right now that my mom is
already anti-coalition JK party
the credit I guess yeah okay ready for
what's to come
yeah this is what I could this is a
glimpse of Bart's childhood when I swipe
is that I feel like you went through the
same thing yeah ready yeah my baby my
own him okay but somehow anything is
half-mexican yeah somehow this happen
hey Chinese baby there is not one ounce
of Mexico there I know all of a sudden
they do say that the clothes make the
man I wonder if my mom's mine she's way
more excited the parents are always like
that though he does look pretty cute in
that thing
what were you gonna say about your mom I
feel like my mom's mine she's probably a
hundred percent Chinese Aaron your mom's
mine
yeah probably they all baby part what a
cute guy oh we got more oh nice hey baby
real-time that's awesome meanwhile am
eating lunch on my regular meal prep I'm
feeling for bad food so bad even though
stay two on the diet so I made this mac
and cheese yeah I made this mac and
cheese do the macros are really good
seven grams of protein with only three
and a half grams of fat and I'm pouring
it on my meal yeah so have a nice cheesy
oh yeah first day of JK party is in the
books our first game was kind of rough
we played this game I don't know we
didn't bring our a game or the game was
kind of boring rational scrap one of the
videos and we rarely do that but I gotta
keep our into gameplay were like dude we
looked at each other
boring so we're gonna scrap it so no one
will ever see it we don't want to put
out that content but then we started
playing two other games one of them
that's really really fun is uh there's
like this game where it's the yucca say
the most obscure part of the song like
like really embedded in the chorus and
then everyone asked that everyone on a
team has to guess the melody the title
the artist and the next line and that
was super super fun and we got to see
all the song I did well this is to an
arranged us from anything from like
Greece to the weekend so that was pretty
fun I'm glad that our chemistry and our
mojo came back now I gotta go to get a
haircut my hair always grows how long
you know just catches me off guard it's
like I get a haircut
cool it looks good for like a week in
awesome like what the hell haven't let
afro come from I'm gonna get a haircut
you guys want to see what la topic looks
like
it looks exactly like this all the cars
are red red lights on jam-packed moving
around like snails
like under 10 miles an hour to another
five even
Lane's getting passed up by big oil
trailers everything's a super slow
people snaked signaling moving around LA
traffic sucks ass look at how many
people are behind me look at that it's
just a roll of lights see it lights and
sometimes you're lucky where you just
call it through a big old chunk of
traffic and you get to go onto the 10
freeway and then I'll get another
freeway which I'm going on right now the
10 and it just opens up sometimes you're
stuck in this for a long time and if
you're on the 5 north where I am right
now and let's say viber connects
Southern California and Northern
California if you're trying to go from
San Diego to Sacramento oh boy
we're gonna be stuck here forever for
ever got my haircut um I didn't do my
hair because I still got some training
to do I gotta do my cardio but I think
TIFF came over to hang out with tyka and
check them out so um I see peanut if a
little tiger that thing she missed them
now it's like not yet okay blocking time
yeah there we go
here tiff with little tyke guy oh that's
the outfit from today hey a big
caterpillar cuz the has I'm right now I
can't even say anything he's in a comfy
position he was sure he's drooling so
much and he keeps like rubbing the
bottom gum yeah
TV don't you take us is he hungry no you
can be clear the entrance true little
guy wear the outfits over there oh god
what is this kind of stuff is this okay
so some Chinese emperor baby stuff of
course and my mom always brings these
cookies which are delicious I love those
more of those yeah I saw those good boy
we put tight got to sleep a little bit
early tonight really not really oh did
we
oh yeah yeah so okay last night that's
true okay so I'll pretty much shut the
fuck up then we put packet asleep just
perfectly and he deserved it because
last night he went through so much so I
just pushed them back a little bit so by
nine ten years out yeah but I'm really
proud of him he's such a good boy like
all he does I'll never really cries
about how tonight cuz I just
we're just doing a lot of reading or
research about this whole like graduated
extinction and like this whole
self-soothing type thing and taiko
doesn't really fit the description
they're talking about this just for
babies I wake up in the middle of night
crying either cuz of or or or anything
outside of their basic necessities but
tyka he only wakes up and only cries
when he's hungry so there's no real
point of doing that we're just gonna
feed them when he wakes up and go sleep
and that's it this is such a boy so many
people love him so much grandma loves
Fiat if game over I'm so I feel so
blessed and grateful to have such a
together and sister like as soon as he
heard my mom was gonna walk home for the
weekend they were like I'm going over to
Mom's house it's just so cute yes makes
everyone around you so happy even you
guys yeah well you guys see that's
literally like this all the time tiger
in the future in the future and you go
back and watch these old-ass videos I
love you very much and you're the best
baby in the world and I'm very very
grateful for you and I never what I
thought in a million years because I'm
such a Butthead
that I'm gonna have such an awesome and
cute baby message to your future brother
and sister type this awesome you're just
as awesome and not a bad head like me
baby
your mama's kind of butt-head ish so
underneath all this hair there's a nice
crack in a butthole oh yeah we smell it
looks like some good stuff green beans
for the veggies how's your mommy wait so
far I'm pretty good on the whole like
weight loss and all that yeah I didn't
gain any weight
oh my retreat yeah dr. tree oh no not
really
well over the weekend we had a retreat
held apart anymore but yeah basically it
was a no work no diet no talk about work
um type of get away for our Goldberg a
company and we all cook together we
clean it together we eat together
anything we wanted and I didn't get any
way
oh yeah I didn't come back here that's
awesome what about in terms of the
overall way from mommy to back to sexy
um I'm about 13 pounds away hmm
it's nice when I started it was like
good job this weekend we had or the past
weekend last week we we had our retreat
for Barbara game it was awesome and I
really wanted a vlog and kind of share
the whole moment with you with you guys
but then we realized that since we don't
really get a chance for the entire
company corporate and Jim side to bond I
was like you know I don't want to like
cameras or anything get in the way so
we've had a no filming rule no one
filmed anything on a professional camera
people wanted to share something on the
phone that's fine but we didn't want
anything that was gonna be longer than
10 seconds or 30 seconds of Comey so we
really couldn't share anything but we
had a really great experience on our
athletes and our main company staff were
able to find and even mean with some of
the gym members because momma runs the
gym now so mom I'm not as tight as with
some of the gym staff as Mara was and
now we have a bunch of inside jokes I
can read we can refer to from the
retreat and it was such an awesome
experience
what I was really gonna turn the count
was important to show you guys how lucky
I am what hardly dogs lined up to buy to
buy it oh yeah give them good show you
is that since I have I'm back on my
macros and I since I'm doing a slow
gradual cut now I don't have a meat
anymore my calendars are way higher I'm
so happy this is what I have to eat they
hit my my macros tonight so I get to eat
this little coffee cake I get to eat
these little puffs oh this is so awesome
and the cool thing is because I'm on
macronutrients I'll still be able to cut
nice and slow and once I stabilize my
metabolism you're not even wearing pants
so I'm gonna cut real nice and slow like
Marburg saying and and what's cool what
I'm trying to does reverse diet and what
that means is I'm trying to increase my
metabolism and caloric
Papa - Papa I'm getting tired I own all
these fucking weird jargon but if I
don't get my calories at 3,300 then I
could start eating bad stuff and still
be lean you ever see those freaking guys
are freaking rip they're eating in and
out all day that's why I'm trying to get
to so I'm slowly going to build my my
caloric maintenance up but this is the
first time there's a special way to do
it though just go out there and start
eating bad food this is a I know and a
half friends okay
scientific method and it's getting late
- like I'm slurring my words and I'm
having a drink or doing anything so I'm
gonna sleep see you guys tomorrow bye
