today I have a date with my little Fani
here and it's kind of funky because it's
not really a date I Drive her to the vet
where it's that's where we're going
right now she's got like this weird boil
communal and like on her face she can
you see that look at that I don't know
what that is so we saw like she had this
little bump maybe about a week or two
ago and we've just been so busy we've
just been unable to tend to it and it
was like really small probably like the
size of a dime if not smaller and then
within two weeks it just blew up into
what you guys just saw so um it's very
concerning and I'm like I can't I can't
wait for this so first thing in the
morning I'm taking her and I feel like
they might say she needs surgery to
remove it but I just hope you don't say
it's cancerous hmm so wish us luck guys
wish plenty luck money good luck baby
Oh
cat 21 was hopes of faith help me be
scared
look at this mural back here how can you
be scared you can't be scared
fine I'm going to buy you something yum
you have tape on the back hiding oh good
- good you don't do good on a step be
afraid of strangers especially one with
her but we're not there she's barking
her ass off she gets like all big and
tough but now she's like me
ah ha ha about scared baby cutie ploy it
what did Nikki feel better I know it
bothers her because it's bleeding
meaning she scratches it you see that I
think it hurts or hitchens she's
scratching not bleeding I could take the
toothpick and luckily I have pet
insurance now so I've had it for like
maybe two three months so I'm hoping
that the beautifully accepted cousin is
that the vet bill that bills these vet
bills they definitely add up all right
funny farm what do you hear what of it
it's kind of cute being a little date
with you home honey
good girl alright so Paul and I are all
done she does have a scheduled surgery
funny
you got surgery dude how do you feel
about that
you got surgery on Friday she's not too
happy so we had a scheduled surgery for
her for this Friday and you guys need to
see the cost the estimated costs for her
surgery holy shit it sucks okay let me
show you
so they also recommended a
teeth-cleaning that you're going to see
cheese cleaning there but um yeah you
get a CT you planning on there because
the vet recommended it but look at the
cost it can either be 1,400 or 1,800 ah
that sucks but I guess that's just the
price to pay when you love them so much
but I think I'm going to start standing
on corners and dancing for money so that
we can make all these these costs and
all the ends of me I'm just kidding no
but it's a happy price for sure like I
grew up in a family that pets are
workers and they're only supposed to
stay outdoors in the yard if they get
sick then you know caudillos was the
nigga like may God bless them because
that's it like we usually spend it like
expended we would easily spend about
like no more than 100 bucks on a dog and
they were usually months or rescues or a
friend of ours had a litter and we
picked one out of the litter so or
someone just kind of donated the dog to
us so we were never really armed like in
tuned and and had dogs that lived
indoors but the more I learned about
dogs and the more I was exposed to dogs
I'm like damn they're freaking awesome
and their pack animals like you can't
leave them alone like that they need to
be with their pack us so this is the
price to pay for pack animals oh wow
this is an all right so I'm back home
and I come home to a newly installed
doggy dog look at this it is the coolest
thing ever
it's magnetic so once they run out
you'll hear it click see but the
challenge now is getting the dogs to go
through it and the guy that installed
the door was kind enough to give me
trained me training rewards and they
seemed to like it but
do it now is fucking hard alright let's
see if I can do it I'm going to try not
to set this down and be on the other
side of the door see how it happens
alright here we go ready come here girl
come here girl come here good girl come
on here come here come on good girl
yes fine Meat Loaf come here boy
come on good boy
come on funny oh oh here okay alright
well looking at that I think we're going
to need a few more sessions
I feel like meatloaf kind of gets the
drill
Shawn kind of gets the drill uh but I
think they getting scared once the ball
I mean the ball the door retracts and
like it's like it hits them in the face
of go oh shit what was that so they
don't like that but we'll get it down
we'll get it down right we'll get it
boys just gotta keep giving you treats
good job you though good job the sad
puppy in the world alright so at the
office now and we are going to give Joe
a gift
and this is a gift that bard and I gave
some thought to it and we're like you
know what Joe never splurge his own
himself like anything B does buy
something it's like an investment or
have some logical reasoning to it dude
so I was rapping awesome nah no idea
mystic so part was like why don't we get
him this and like yeah because you'll
never get it for himself because it's
not it's practical but it's luxurious
practical and Joe's not a luxurious
luxurious practical type of person so
let's see where he's at
okay he's almost finishing but you had
the best friend this was mainly your
idea and I was like backing you up so
that was a great idea what were your
thoughts well so okay not coming so
first of all um I'll never lead to
expensive walnuts because my god makes
fun of me I need to say what it was you
just told them what it was like fucked
it up or it's my friend so we were we
were in Vegas yeah and then we're
thinking about like what we should get
you for your birthday
uh-huh and then I saw something that at
first I wasn't a believer kind of like
you but then I saw something and it made
me a believer I need you to believe it
I hear me there's two things made me a
believer no better not be a Scientology
book enough so we thought to make look
we thought it'd be a good birthday
present all right what is it what ha ha
sample with Bastille music we thought
you would like it if if you don't like
it then blame it on Bart's you like it
well I did a good job
limiting quali or like a money clip or
like come on bling or like a bracelet or
like are you like are you don't guess
and like how you just open I know what
I'm trying to my aisle because I'm
trying to figure out already got rip it
off but no I don't want to rip it it's
got to be done delicate okay
really with them it's it's not for
downtown LA okay Louie would not how
many time did you catch a Louboutin
without this one more Oh Louie Vuitton
they can you tell you ah you guys know
me it's a motherfucker wallet
do you know all it yeah oh my god like a
little boy's wallet it's got belt is
depressingly say and I have another one
that I really like what it was
weathering now yeah but not this one
because he was made in France you guys
tell the story about not made in China
all that why what's the difference so
when they got this and France no no no
we got it at the LV store oh well we
were in the habit lb store it smells
good and you know look hella and I'm not
ghetto ass like Oakland type Asians
yeah the ones that are like doing with a
grill I ain't quitting plug in me thank
somebody do it the ones that are like
trying to be rappers oh oh so there was
a so like it kind of reminds me of being
accepted nicotinic attica dislike of
that yeah and then they were inside the
store and there were a hell about my
Beverly Hillbillies like it look hey I
just have don't write there it is not
just like yeah I'm just yelling or the
whole store Texas oh yes
fuck patty and then I'm just a mere
cheek or just like laughing like really
have like corals and shit
Justin betti might as well
there's well cankle jeans t-shirt my
drinking juice big white piece and then
they came out and then what do you say
oh yes because you know some of them
were made in Italy general mayor Franny
spans an amazing different places
yeah and then one of them goes like hey
he's making China and then they're like
no but we do have a factory there or
whatever you like what tell me on some
fake shit and you just cause you like
crazy the music one oh yeah
but there was a Kaos agent raised again
what's one of heresy in my life kind of
all the gear but yeah we were trying to
find one that wasn't so flashy and I /
yeah and we were like that so that's a
gorilla in a suit for sure it looks very
nice so before I was never really into
like I guess these name branding like I
both you and I aren't you know we only
just like watches but I thought a wallet
a detail wallet from Vegas like two
years ago
and that should start falling apart and
then I looked at David's wallet and then
he got as a gift dumped by lb and he
said he had that for three years and it
looks brand-new
so that's mama cool shit maybe like the
reason why you pay hello money for these
things is because it lasts like a
lifetime so Agathe
and I'll be one of those brands that
people just like purses they passed down
from generation to generation so I could
give this to Rancho yeah hey or you can
just I not did this one and like I said
my library cards my library card
okay this is the Los Angeles a public
library is funny well I'm glad you like
it
thank you I'm good at it yeah welcome
what is this one this port is this like
oh there's all these pots on that side -
yeah that makes its after those one and
in the one at the bottom she taught me
strategy that's busy that should be the
one that you use the most because it
slides out the easy slide Rocky Jesus is
already half off so whether you use the
motion be there is positive
that is it homeboy welcome to adulting
kind of could you say that panting sting
this is vinegar valley yep yep this is a
man in my library Clark and then you
know when you go to LA there's those
parking validation sighs you put the
parking validation of that back one oh
no one's ever gonna expect that LV while
you are not happy and I put if I put in
my pockets gonna fall out
yeah this is so thanks guys yellow
coming you guys are twins now again
yours yeah I've got a blue one but they
think blue that is a movie what's the
same thing oh we know you have a number
one because it doesn't say I'll be like
your twenty thousand places yeah yeah
it's not please I haven't cut okay I'll
show a hole some other waters I had so
this one was my first like my first step
into getting a designer wallet but then
I passed it I said I want and I was
money and this one is only like 150 or
whatever is it
it was like a dun no one but you still
talk feeling yeah and that doesn't puke
and there's stuff like this and it like
the corners or this little bit yeah like
filters on our crazy reinforced just dis
corners like really here David hat
behind us for three years and it looks
brand-new
I love this old man conversation hey hot
stuff yeah well soon you get a good job
yeah for feel a soliton is like you
all right so now I am back home and it's
been such an interesting day like
something's been having so quickly and
things just I was ordinary that I'm life
stuff look throw to add some more
interesting beige that who's at my place
right now we're specific ahaha I see you
so this is Christopher my nephew he
watches all of my vlogs say hi to
yourself Christopher hey what's up
Christopher you're gonna see yourself in
my video what are you doing here oh
thank you why are you petting my dog I
seem nice you like him you like him you
all do you want to keep Christopher can
we keep them the hell mom won't just
disappeared what are you doing in there
Mar you Heidi are you hiding yes why huh
I don't want to be on your film
go on hide though I'm actually Nick I'm
gone
what did you say her hair is ugly oh my
god Emily she just ran away like that
cool you're watching Disney Channel okay
I'm going to turn off the camera now
I didn't hear a pop out I can't believe
your grown woman in the closet in the
dark fine
the lights the switches on the inside
passed on it Christopher what are we
about to do which one are you going to
walk me though you know what needle you
know he's gonna walk you right how much
do you weigh you don't know hmm if I
have to look at you I'll say about sixty
pounds he weighs a hundred pounds he you
cannot control him are you challenging
me okay we're gonna see right through
you're up for the challenge you gotta
hold on some good that already is wrong
so hold it like this
look put it here and then you want to
hold on to it like this you got it nope
rather on your wrist there you go
there that's better and then yeah that
way you share you buddy yeah you sure
you can do this yeah all right you later
buddy yeah
not bad not bad
come here no don't see you don't let em
P hey hey no no I don't want him to pee
on the grass come on yeah hold them good
got'em holding good bottom
you want to trade bonds really easy you
want that guy okay hi
it's going often you sure
hey stop me though you sure
stop sure you sew on them don't run
don't run because if you starts running
you can't stop him anymore
alright I'm going to switch with you
real quick
him yeah you see you think I can't take
him
I actually can't take him he takes me
all the time
oh I train oh geez okay
oh he's gonna poop I make my team I
don't poster don't something come over
here is she better
yeah alright poop your life away dude
they could poop here careful -
disapproving move on away move fun you
guys get to see him poo yeah
way to go meelo
you know how to clean up poop you ever
learn you want to learn never alright
time to clean up poop like I said
today's the weird day my nephew my mom
are gone and now I'm going to go meet up
with the gang to go get some Korean
barbeque
yeah unless you notice right behind you
is the doggy door oh that's cute
and there's that there's the thing to
block it so intruders don't come in
there's a musica no I've been trying to
train them it's hard yeah what Testament
you know they like going in and out of
it vicious the plastic parts they don't
understand go outside go pee classic
summer fun yeah so I taught them that
much
now the coming in part with through the
plastic is what's hard Ricky mommy Ricky
and Eve actually peen come every G more
fun funny look come inside come upon
funny
I'm real funny only two minutes play
funny move on me Chris come here girl
come here
I was hearing I'm snack on me premieres
incentive come here come here
and we're funny come here for me come on
come on come on good girl
oh hi Ricky some every gene boogie but
good girl Ricky I'll forget girl ready
oh my god Ricky okay girl funny funny
come on move from here five four oh one
come on funny funny come here boy tell
me employer funny funny I want a good
girl
they just got it a couple times need
love just bulldozes through it but you
got it ready no because I did the same
thing you did where I let it graze them
yeah ah but then I think it's once you
see it close like this they don't know
that they can walk through it Walter
yeah and then there's that cover yeah
looks clean you did a good job like it
yeah I love it
it's call it Endura flap and they're a
flat not sponsored was it I bought a
chair for our room oh cool that little
pop yeah yeah finally came in we got to
open that can't wait to show you guys
that thing but yeah it was such a crazy
day for me I did so much oh my shoes
away take that's right we're getting
more of these plastics yeah fine crown
like one good job you're like you don't
know it's hard to get in my office yeah
but the bees are just like I'll ready
for a night out how does your date tell
me about it
I didn't see you all day you know that
oh yeah I was pretty good I had a really
good workout of the morning and then I
went over some JK news articles and then
we had our what do you do when you go
over taking either was that mean so what
we do is we don't go into detail so we
filled up so the reactions are very
authentic
yeah we do it the only people and all
the articles are the whole
so Tiffin Julia pretty much just tell us
the headlines so that we can see if it's
going to create a good discussion and if
it's if it's not then we cancel them and
then so I don't know anything at all no
I don't know anything about the article
mm but we just want to make sure that
the based off the cast sometimes we'll
have a guest so with certain guests will
also gain a certain topic to them
between Dothan and I do really well and
those but most of them we don't know
well all the time we don't know what's
in the article yeah um but I do know
some of the topics just under the title
sick idly and then after that we're
gonna focus on the JK feature film and
that's going pretty good we're doing
into pretty in-depth character
development right now alright so I'm
really excited I think we're really onto
some next-level shit
ah shit which makes me feel good because
a lot of times I think you know um when
you get started on a project you kinda
want to be first you know you're like oh
I gotta do this and I got to put it out
immediately and beat people to the punch
but I feel like what we have is so
next-level no one will ever beat us to
the punch and only we can make it wow
that or it's gonna be a very horrible
yeah one of the other biggest one but
it'll be like alright it'll make you
feel some type of way yeah but I feel
it's almost like say like um it's gonna
be barbecue sushi you know I mean
proposal and only we have the tools to
make barbecue sushi yeah so we're not
really worried that anyone else is ever
going to come out with barbecue sushi
that's CUNY here fine barbecue sushi
thank you for sharing your Davidson
sister welcome all right guys Debbie
shower feels good who's trying to watch
The Matrix which I've never seen before
I notice about it never seen it trying
to watch it and I fell asleep so that
means that's bad for me
good night thank you so much for
watching guys see you tomorrow
