I'm running a little bit late to our
baby appointment which is why I dropped
off geo at the front of the doctor's
first oh
I think I forgot where to go so I know
it's supposed to be on the third floor
which one is it it's supposed to be like
Fair Oaks women's health or something so
yeah I dropped off Geo at the front so
she can go and register or a hug in her
appointment but I don't wait am I even
on the right floor this one looks crazy
like hospital II no wait is your regular
doctor like what in the world of this
edition yeah that walks wounds oh damn
it I'm running late a man in the wrong
place - okay I think it's on the second
floor actually the third floor is the
third right I think I have to go to the
second yes yeah what floor are you going
to you're welcome
yeah so hopefully we're not leaked into
the appointment but I Jill's there she's
typing her name and checking in on the
iPad right now so try to tag team
hopefully get to the right place second
floor
okay let's see
yep that's really good fair enough
awesome okay here yeah and then you're
gonna press down for it okay okay but
you might want to explain how hard cuz
your whole yard look I put it right here
what the jail right here where the happy
trailer huh okay my happy trans I was
kidding
and then rub that Doppler around enough
for more guessing and drive it around
and say here go slow heart until you
careful
a design Pony we show harder than that
yeah yeah that partner doesn't hurt
people right I know right now but what
you're telling them about is pretty so
scared of present too hard
Oh
you know if the baby's giving us a
little bigger play games please come out
to our movement here now I don't know
they're just moving all over the place I
know
she's got the magic touch you try a big
sorry we don't have it already
yeah one time it slowed down a lot more
than like the first few this part was
like going nice right now that her face
at 170 with babies moving or ever
screaming I know I'm just not looking I
think I'm going or I don't think I don't
like small my point for me is like there
were weeks usually 26 28 weeks I said
very desert oh yeah he'll decide quickly
and keep going like this for a while
oh the only thing to have been
experiences such as like heartburn yeah
yeah very comedy pregnant is she
definitely take time oh okay I can too
there's no reason not to
okay cool which is an electrolyte
actually good for you okay it's not like
medicine isn't bad for you sometimes I
get so fine a minute commute okay yeah
help with like muscle aches and stuff
like that Oh interesting
okay yeah it comes as good at them do
the job is over-the-counter ones that
help reduce the amount of acid you
produce those are fine too
well payment agreement dick you'll learn
extra promise in a month we're doing
your diabetes tested at that visit yeah
I hear that one so it will have it thank
you yeah yeah okay
everyone tells me it is day to stop
trading wise it's like flat soda oh okay
I'll in flat soda there you go see okay
get ready for you know you can't report
you okay
yeah but you just you just you chug the
little bottle down so as mini water
bottle sizes you chug it down real fast
it's sweet most people don't use in LA
don't need a lot of really sweet stuff
so that's kind of one thing but you
drink it down fancy we ran on okay and
also pregnancy because people feel like
they have conversions the food that
makes it a little more uncomfortable
that's pretty common nothing to share
spot either okay but you drink that and
then an hour after that's done you get
your blood drawn the hour before that
don't eat me then okay no food for the
hour before and prior to that hour you
can have something to eat if you'd like
but try not have any cards okay did you
have like extra breakfast or something
like that
and since we're doing the test and
you're altering your diet try to come in
the morning for your next appointment
because I think oh it easier that okay
does I don't forget it usually come and
check get any to do the video tonight
just for that one yeah and then that's
been one month two months another
ultrasound make sure it looks nice and
healthy issue
growing eventually all right and then to
your 23:6 today straight four weeks
tomorrow
few simple things that mr. front desk on
your flash drive that we gave you
between the pregnancy there's a
registration form to the hospital it
lets them know we are when you do the
doctor is that up please fill it out
mail it or fax it go to the hospital on
that flash drive is well is a list of
pediatricians so you eat someone who's
going to take a baby because I always
take care of you home take care of the
baby after the baby's born
okay so when the baby's born the nursing
staff make sure the ladies okay these
really sick lady goes to the NICU
finally not really sick the baby will be
watch to tell the features you can come
by and do a full exam and correctly
let's examine expect some time so the
list of recommended to you on these last
rally to anyone on that drive that yours
eyes are good passionate about no
because they're all really good so what
you should do is check with your
insurance first and it will it down to
like three to five names and I'll tell
you to go oh I'm happy to do that
yeah and then because it may be hard
because in this pros and cons to the
whole thing think about what you want
like in your mind would be the best
scenario try to mean obviously the adult
about it like you know no magical powers
but you know if we what would concern
you about having a pediatrician like you
want them to be really accessible or you
want them to be open all the time where
you want to always see these acts in
Docs you never want to see anybody else
so think of what you would really want
out of a pediatrician and I can help you
think based on that or you can do
research to kind of figure foam-like
open Saturdays and Sundays like I think
there are some of it open Saturdays I'm
not sure about something else
some of them have evening hours of ride
model other office and I do you know you
get the pros and cons of these different
options like you're going to have lots
of there's groups that have multiple
positions there to have broader hours if
you have the solo provider you're only
going to see the same doctor you and I
really know what to expect can have a
tiny cute little office two or three
nurses work with her and or him and
that's all you're going to get and but
you're always in Botox eye doctor which
is helpful you know some utilize
technology
you'll be able to be accessible by email
some are still really old-school just
for you
so it did varies and yeah so it is a
tough call
you have to figure out what's most
important to you you know okay
so review the list check with your
insurance there's anyone they say it
like make sure who you want is on my way
I'm here and then last thing you can
read about cord blood collection you
know yes is that like the just basically
getting the cord like again we can
either pay to have it stored for your
child's use yeah sure and then you can
but I don't have a good method for you
to do it figure out a way to donate it
where I collect it and then you get it
sent to a special place they donate it
to a bang yeah I'm totally aware I've
been ended so I needed some examples
some literature on it and give you some
coupons actually my partner dr. Jick is
is a speaker for one of the company that
does it tell you about the pros of doing
it and they're having that brunch I can
tell you all about it we grunting
together we're not oh yeah I love that I
could eat that way I'll get all that
stuff before you walk out and do any
else for you guys feeling pretty good
yeah it feels a little too good no I'm
just like just normal like this is
pretty easy so far you know just take it
out of this okay
don't don't overthink it there's a
there's a curse that most people in
medicine you believe we're all very
superstitious stupidly enough but we
believe you're in medicine you're going
to have the worst experience like you
have a pregnancy
you have to have medicine Jers yourself
you're going to consent so nurses who
work on labor and delivery always have
the worst pregnancies things like that
so my wife who's a doctor as well
she is deliver babies which is our
training and expected the absolute worst
case she had nausea no other problems ah
whole pregnancy we expected so much
worse and another damage to the rotor
duty cons down
so essentially you can be crappy or it
could be just fine
healthy people tend to do just fine
occasionally there's some rough stuff
just talk to having a good day don't
overthink it
you can click the worst that's fine
prepare accordingly yeah the likelihood
is there going to be just fine you
really help the person so it's like to
you hey Don you know very cool stay have
to do off the walk-in and stretching
lunging squatting or super good to be
cut and then try you right you know
doing all those things
kickboxing those take nothing ready yeah
these are like punching it and I keep it
tight yeah good keep up the pro
wrestling exactly manganese yeah I
forgot call me she's I'm Jenna awesome
he is really great
um and one of my girlfriends actually
God's friend she didn't married in Paris
uh yeah it's awesome but it's so
important it is rough right what is it
the 29th there's a line July yeah so
sure okay I don't agree about playing oh
really
even if I had like the clearance and I
don't want to give you a clearance 36
weeks apply really good if I week supply
because that's really close yeah I would
be might even say you're not
just even with the clearance they don't
want that they want that liability yeah
you don't want that risk can be great
graphic and take her out for you know a
Jamaican vacation later today you know
cuz she wanted it okay there you go
please do that example you know I don't
do it okay don't do it I know it I know
it I mean yeah yeah she was more like
the aunt hospital like if you feel up to
it go ahead I don't know very many 35/36
leakers who feel amazing enough to
tolerate a 12-hour flight yeah
uncomfortable seat unless you're that
wealthy and you can afford a $4,000
flight to Paris back and forth on
first-class I don't know
well we did get business class business
class not something bloodless rates but
we just came back from why and just
feeling that and it was just a couple
hours learn yes I what the plan was fine
but just the three-hour time difference
I was just like oh no I don't think I
can do let's go back from Austria with a
few weeks ago and 9-hour time difference
it was awful
it doesn't like are we going to have to
get over there so on I don't know I'm
I'm totally like anti avoidable risk
okay you know daughter I rose it just is
avoidable yeah I don't you don't have to
be in a bad don't and you know yeah Liam
hospitals but do you want to delivery
parents now no you want a little bit
family you want deliver with your
friends around go me of course you know
yeah absolutely so the point is more
than we just really want to make sure
that because you're never in a scenario
you can't get to care that you need
observe whatever but essentially you
could have I could be required you know
and the mixes you maybe have a doctor on
the claim the doctor doesn't want to
manage a complicated pregnancy issue
fortunately you're healthy so that's why
doctor fine quality said it was except
try to go and I can agree with that and
when you say into best friend it's a
very hard call to say now yeah I'm not
saying no I'm saying I don't encourage
it because I just don't like the risk
yeah you know and you couldn't be
healthier
so I'm saying of everybody asking that
kind of request okay yeah but if you go
you go and it's perfectly fine and you
probably would be just fine and I can
even write you a note now said your
wrist is probably designed but it's
avoid it's an avoidable run yeah and
that's a bit of a most concern you know
in medicine from the viewpoint that what
I see most women feeling like at 36
weeks
they're like they're hanging on by a
thread paralyzed they can they can
manage what they're managing and they
usually have a good strong attitude some
feel like the arm should be super them
like those were someone to do someone
would feel pretty good but they're like
maintaining by like a little bit it
could be like one cushion that they're
going to feel terrible and so everyone's
different yeah but and you call me one
of the ones who feels great at that
stage but I can't guarantee it it's
expensive ticket you know I'm looking at
the point of view of wait I thought my
sister Johanna tiller today I tell her
that her best friend does not want her
to engage her pregnancy yeah just to be
there even though it's an amazing
experience
yeah that's true all right cool we're on
the same page I guess the court blood
stopped hanging outside a DPS great
thing thank you not everybody would buy
oh no and then one more thing two and a
half weeks before you're due I'm out of
town for like two days
okay Julia 37 to 38 weeks it shouldn't
be a big deal okay
most moms go well past that okay awesome
thank you for heads up
how did the doctor's appointment go the
doctor's appointment was Asano's easy um
I love my doctor if you guys are local
to the area around near or around
Pasadena California I recommend going to
my doctor dr. Mitri he's part of Fair
Oaks women's health and I think he's
really awesome really thorough um what
was I gonna say oh yeah so basically he
just um he just did a random checkup not
random why did I surround him he just
did a regular checkup it wasn't random
at all I was a scheduled just to check
up on how I'm doing today we heard the
baby's heartbeat as you guys saw a
popper gotta do it we heard it have the
hardest time doing it it was it was hard
also because I could feel the baby
moving as you're doing it so it felt
like were you pressed it was like ah and
then it moved it was literally just like
that you press they move press it moves
it would also talking like that surface
that's not a nurse was like Oh your
baby's kicking around like yeah it's
probably trying to avoid you - their
baby smart he's not going to frickin
stay in the way of things like just give
it a smart um and then Joe's asking my
doctor a second time because the first
time I asked about going to tips wedding
in Paris I didn't get to speak to my
regular doctor I because he was out of
town I got to speak to another doctor
who's just as awesome but then when he
came back this week I asked and um he
was just like honestly I would just
avoid that risk I don't know how good
you're going to feel like thirty weeks
like that's cutting it too close yeah
that's one month out pretty much no it's
two weeks out two weeks out yeah yeah
yeah um so he was like why put yourself
in a risky situation like yes it's a
bummer your best friend's getting
wedding you can't be a part of that but
I'm pretty sure your best friend loves
you so much that they wouldn't want to
put you in any sort of danger or risk so
on and he also said that um he doesn't
think that the airport would even allow
it because it's just too much of a
liability deniability
so um he was like I'm saying no but
ultimately it's
to you as you don't have a complicated
pregnancy everything's normal you're
healthy you said keep exercising keep
squatting keeping lotsa am I gonna do
how do you know how your squad you watch
my videos we've never said that I squat
the kidney what that leg I'm the dirty
bomber this is not kidding
so what do you guys do anything going to
do well I think I'm gonna talk to my
girl tiff and just do like um no I
Haitian today and weekend
she's very reasonable so of course she's
going to be like I get it a hundred
percent like I want to be there for you
to like I wouldn't want to put you in a
situation I'm pretty sure she'd be
really happy that I even bought the
ticket yeah um so I feel like very
comfortable just letting her know like I
don't think I can make it maybe should
be affordable miss yeah why would you
spend that much later pretty baby honest
yeah I tried sorry to go handsome so we
just wrapped what action handsome let's
begin we can smile and laughing at me
going a little handsome based on the raw
devil yeah a little handsome devil so we
just finished wrapping a barbell
corporate meeting which we do every week
and I got some exciting news to share
oh one of which we're going to start
this new series on the bar lebryk a
channel called CEOs corner L snack and
we thought it was going to be really
really cool especially for people to
really care about barbell or gate or
people that even want to just understand
the workings of a business because
barber brigade is so much bigger than
just a gym its apparel company
production company and all that and
would that be really cool to kind of let
people in on the meetings and get a
sneak peek of what is to come and that
I'm kind of inspired by like you know
back in the day when Steve Jobs not that
I'm comparing myself to him
but what's the answer I was a CEO and
people are crazy about Apple I was like
imagine how much happier people would be
if Steve Jobs vlog and instead of just
having that one September keynote speech
we talked about all the products in the
launch it gets to show you very bits and
pieces that the thing that is allowed to
show you and really get you hyped up and
get you really invested on the inner
workings of all kinds of stuff that
Apple people would love it and I'm like
there are barbell fanatics there's
people that get barbell Brigade tattooed
on them
let's people that buy the entire line
when it comes out and I'm like we owe it
to them to show them the inside so we're
going to start this new series called
CEOs corner and I'm really excited for
that because we already have content and
we already have a lot of dope updates to
give and now we have a reason to kind of
get all these like sneak peek so I'm
like super duper excited so now we're
just on our way to our weekly corporate
dinner which I'm also excited because we
always eat good we get a going to get
some career
there's something about Korean barbecue
that is just so simple yet so addictive
it's just grilled meat on fire and I
don't know what it is just it's so I'm
all or something that you can never get
enough of it and Kogi King is one of the
only places that since you fry right
there while they get of white rice a GP
when they shake it up and that is
delicious and I want be I like to do
this is a secret Oh big audience pouring
me a cup of water like a full Asian man
but one of the national secrets of
Korean barbecue is when you cook brisket
or any meat what I like to do is
probably a little difficult fall as your
business
Pam it really brings out the flavor in
the meat and it makes it pop to you I
always order a little side of salt and
pepper and I got that from David usual
one that probably had it made a world of
difference
listenmi yummy mama oh yeah good
the brisket years to actually have
nicely cut that's a really good
procedure more me just came I loved it
so red if usually one sat at home and
all this fall into me and then people
I'm you're like this for Mama they know
why I didn't
but I don't know I try to eat it
everywhere I go I can't Michel like it
hey do me a favor thought it'd be fun
yeah
would I love to see what happy with that
that means our head is correctly
I love the sound of it
also one of my favorite pieces or Sally
oh my god
one thing one thing I always always
wondered about Korean barbecue is why
are the cups those small you know what
an eating greasy stuff you want to
string tons of water and you creep like
haffley happen tonight drinking option
is gone you're so thirsty and the big
thing that they call big the Harris that
they bring you you could barely pay your
water at an American place each person
gets one size of water like that if I
open a Korean barbecue spot each person
will get a big ass in water if you look
at it water up here that interview for
five years
that is not American oh I'm going to
know I like it when you cook I'm not
cooking I'm just grilling
we're grilling our equity prune oh it
looks so money like
total belly doesn't look mommy like
right here would you like a few more all
about now so this is how can you shake
the cut of the day the big a scheme copy
doesn't even fit on oh that's tragic
oh that's smart
and iconic quality really spice it he
always fights it to a cook faster more
tender
I like to cook a little bit more and
then I wrinkle the
I think that allergies I was rubbing my
eyes ideas my pet means opener me I'm
out I'm also here we iron water what do
you mean you think you have allergies
you know you have allergies nobody knows
it's still funny and then I go like this
is how people are eating the way what I
call my clothes that feels right I'm not
picking my nose you are picking your
nose
by definition on the head oh thank you
so picking their bike click stop I just
know plug is hot literally just got home
now Pop's are home everybody's so happy
but it is kind of late so I'm going to
get ready for bed I'm gonna call it a
night today see you tomorrow guys
