Papa just got back from the gym how did
you work out baby it was really good I
always loved the first day of training I
used to take your life because it just
feels like I feel good to kind of get a
sweat in and it feels like you're
passing the normal group base oh my God
he's so exaggerated but but I just been
waiting and I couldn't vlog anything
else but I wanted this to be the opener
yeah guess what what this kid for you
today what is that I can only think of
one thing is it the week
yeah cuny open the wing there's a big
box a little ring I know but it comes
like very nicely packaged does it yes
I can't wait to be meching with Papa
bear's Oheka when I drag with Mama Bear
of what I mean by matching rings just
make up that song no it's top top choice
right now yes sounds like you've been
working out for a while
yes I'm so scared to like puncture all
is it oh it does take or open this is
nothing that is open and also it doesn't
tell you how the seams are formed oh
wait a minute
okay look it Jersey I'm not afraid of
shit out
ooh black interior whoo black what the
bear oh oh
the card I didn't get a card there's a
card with a bunch of designs on us on it
awesome
what does it say Oh your receipt
oh that's very thoughtful could always
go see him again yeah you know you got
to give me that I'm gonna lose it
yeah hold it just like in the movies I
thought of the fake ribbon nice
who's smooth it's like leather something
sounded so seamless that I can't even
open it no no oh my goodness oh that
good yeah now we meet again let's see my
thing was just right there that's all
they did I pretty just put that little
thing in there that's nice I thought I
was gonna be like this big rounding yeah
so it's gonna make it like all
uncomfortable ten times over now you can
take it off once you get fat if you ever
get fat yeah and it's cool that it's a
it's the same metal so it's not going to
change a metal so it's not going to
change colors or something there goes
this way better now oh and you can't
even feel it you can't even feel you
can't feel that it's only on one side
and it feels all lopsided
yes it feels good doesn't come off nope
that's not as easy it still comes off
the way it's supposed to but if I go
like this in a walk nice nice I like it
dang you married man you nice doing
business with you
Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing
that's nice it feels comfortable that's
crazy
what are you doing with the ring on it's
so weird I'm not used to this
me too I don't wear any jewelry matches
my nice tone the whole time I've met
I've known you you've never once worn
any piece of jewelry ever Oh Bertha and
this is a nice ring though it is really
it's really pretty there's a nice note
to this noise this is a nice bear I love
it now married
are you ladies taken for me now because
before you know there are like looking
partner but not no more bitches sigh
ladies
nah no more bitches I know there's a
billions of you out there sorry this is
nice thank you all this for me cuz you I
am which side is all this in the past
can uh just we put everything back in
the box
there including this thing through all
this yeah I'll take care of it later I
don't want any stragglers travel bears
okay we're gonna get started with our
day okay so just got out of the shower
and I'm trying to catch up with plug
there because he's walking a dog this
was to wait for me but he didn't he just
took off so I'm gonna see what they're
doing now see em I see em you guys see
them all over there you can see fawn
alright I'm closing in on the weasels
damn look at the way this person porch
that's not a parking bro you're
literally in the middle the street now
look at them
look at that guy so on his pj's your
little way for me
good morning people booth is peeing and
pooing have a good Papa why are you
giving me the cyanide
why are you giving me the side eye me
love bond with the Skrillex haircut
still having my face still shape fine
hug life do you love anyone
yeah Oh Papa mother who's that who is me
you me yeah hi you ready to get a poodle
soap opera and I embed today this
morning we're talking about our next dog
even though we're not ready for an Xbox
3 is already a handful all is saying our
next dog is going to have to be a big
poodle like the big ones I don't like
the miniature poodle like the big one
that he was saying they look so double
my but they're like the second smartest
breed ever
but you guys have to help me convince
him that we need a poodle in our pack
one of these is gonna die or fall asleep
no why would it happen look at look at
this little help plain and boring these
guys look older right now then where did
Katie did pretty cute me sorry but
poodle in the plat will be so fuming
this is what this look is black what's
up what
another J came use their what the fuck
you're not part no bring yang Bart's
replacement for the day yeah and Bart's
Joe's replacement for the day
oh yeah what are you doing here I mean
what are you doing there I'm just a
placement for today
why worried for Joe I think Joe is
replace us eternal inquiry and then so
you're here because we're replacing Joe
that and then you're replacing Bart yes
because Oh originally Gina was supposed
to come but she had to cancel at the
last minute
yeah so Julia called me yesterday was
like Michael are you in a panic and I
had originally planned something at this
time but then I had to carry a sorry
what the fuck you're like hey what's new
yeah it's at that point now it's like
what's dude okay if I get you okay
fucking anyway so you were saying so I
had planned something at this time but
because I'm so nice to Julia I decided
to well why you miss me of my storied in
it why do you miss me my story I fuck
are you able what who are you I'm sorry
to interpret story but this are you why
are you so big David you look great
what's wrong with you you'd what drive
with you Wendy were general Rutledge I
bought clothes for the first time there
well I didn't think you were gonna wear
it
I said why my pants vilified bottom
looking really cool - you didn't have a
- yeah yeah I usually get a one but then
like I got a zero damn dude are you
trying to get laid or what I never do
don't touch me no but every time I gotta
go Nia what are you doing - penises Oh
usually a bite if I get a haircut I used
to get a one exactly than her hair but I
don't um
get haircuts long enough or oh yeah if I
get really grow out and then I'll be
okay in three weeks but usually if you
do like a one I should get every two
weeks
yeah too fucking lazy so I just push
down the doing I don't know but I can't
talk shit when you look this good
it's cool I don't want to give you any
compliment you know that I know you sell
you this
okay anyway you wouldn't anyway the
story is over so this because you
interrupted me three times you're not
going to get a story anymore see and
that's it wait but you don't think that
does it he's wearing jeans and shoes I
mean he does look pretty good right now
but he never wears that story's over
because you missed out on your chance
and that's it you're never hearing it
ever again Oh Michael fine fine sorry
like the story fuck the story okay how
do you feel being on a canyon I feel a
little bit nervous because you know it's
very intimidating to be with all these a
professional professional and
professional funny makers but um I will
do my best and see what happens I think
you're gonna do fine I will do myself
I'll be myself
okay it's perfect that's all I need just
we need Michael we don't need Michael on
camera god I'll be Michael not on camera
yeah yeah so see all the hookers shit
the other prefer it but the best of all
fake so that's only for camera so it
won't actually come out I don't think
it's fake about whatever it's big
just finish j/k news father already is
getting in skills his heart skills on
what are you doing what are you doing oh
I'm just drawing a couple of designs for
my next launches yeah so we're for sure
getting rid of all the callers can't
make someone laugh ahem bronchitis
and we have our homey Rick Wow could we
just stop smiling so quick why do ya
okay fine
I remember there was a time when you and
I would take selfies and like we would
take a picture together and you would
never smile in my pictures yeah okay my
thing oh is that for everyone and it
wasn't our thing
oh no I mean no no I only disliked this
no it's all right never mind I thought
it was our thing but apparently is just
his thing with everyone who thanks you
can't make it up dude that mom are
broken I thought it was our thing so
it's a nice camera oh thanks everyone
always talks about the mic yeah why
didn't I listen yeah alright so back to
the shirts with no collars welcome
there's no you know like you won't use
collars these days and I also think it's
middle shaming yeah they're just
assuming everyone's headed in the middle
of your shoulders yeah and some people
have been going on yeah right here so
you want to make it where they can cut
their own and has a freedom yeah I mean
and it also broadens the shoulders here
um so it makes you look more aesthetic
nope I get it I love it good job babe
thank you I don't know alright so I
think now we are just trying to
decompress a little bit from just so
much talking and the funny part is the
way we decompress by so much talking is
where a shrinking
go to dinner and talk some more so come
with us to go eat take a wild guess what
ethnic makeup drives this car so look at
the print very many ethnicities like
tank a lot of people like Lexus and a
lot of people could like orange okay but
how many ethnicities had that many
photos of them you tell me there is only
one ethnicity and that is uh I'm
embarrassed let's just say that oh shit
hold on let's not get hit by this car
one here we have today finally you
losers that girl
so we just got home from dinner as you
guys can see and actually let me show
you this not much has happened in the
moving process we've been so busy so if
T there is a lot of the gym equipment
everything that's in black because gym
equipment
these are actually some packages from
you guys you guys gave us some fan mail
and I can't wait to open it up so if you
recently or maybe within the past few
months if you sent us anything just know
that we haven't opened it yet but I
appreciate it I love it think you think
you think you think you thank you so
much I will be opening this packages and
I will be including it in my blogs if
you sent me something I can't wait to
thank you and I hope you watch me saying
thanks to you and enjoying your present
um but one of these weekend's we'll get
a chance to actually finish unpacking
because this shit is ridiculous but in
other news just watch our dogs piss oh
wait they're done well they done to the
upper bond wasn't she was looking for
just go pee go pee for a little bit
dopey puppy go go people go pee copy
copy copy
cuckoo cuckoo could be no puppy copy
copy copy fine come go over there
what the hell are we taking that dude we
didn't even take a minute poo poo poo
why would you need to do what he was
good at we better do it damn it fine
line come on amaze the user terminal huh
I usually use the door department come
back into it well then have them go back
okay okay everyone Gloucester come on
with it come on close it well thank you
yeah bottles everybody oh that's so cute
I'll chain them
all right let's see come on bond for you
Michael
good girl Oh freaking me oh yeah come on
good girl
why do you keep laying down like you
take forever look at this nice that's
good oh my god
name is investigator photography good
job baby how you like your wing I love
it beautiful today was the first day you
got to wear all day oh that's nice
speaking of the rings I think we're
probably going to have to go back to
David Yurman because I feel like both
Bart and I may be because we were in
Vegas we're a little more swollen we
feel like when we purchase these we
appreciate these lists of solon fingers
so now that we're back home our body has
acclimated to this temperature it is a
little bit cooler on so it's less
flooring in the fingers and we feel like
our rings are kind of loose so we're
going to go DV German try different size
and if we need to we might have to get
it resized or exchanged but what the
hell just happened right here Meat
Loaf's lot into it may look like can you
stop dude dude come on dude dude dad
come on dad come on dad that what is he
crying such a baby
he doesn't like it very much it's okay
meal oh good smart boy they don't care
great shake yeah let's keep playing
Brees the only one that entertains it
you know that what bring she's gonna
want to legs it really look cute oh
never mind she doesn't like it over ice
well there's a little
he's so funny
can you just hug her that's what you
want
she just wants it look at her first - we
got a brochure God we're the worst
owners ever what super CUNY is their
grandma my mom comes um on Thursday
since we are phones you can use all day
she comes over a few times in the day
and she just spends time with him and
it's so cute because she'll send me
pictures she's like hey your dog they're
going to be running in the patio I'm
like okay sure go ahead whatever and she
like loves them so it's really cool
because they got it none of that loves
them oh pretty you're getting hammered
and you don't even care dude she's like
okay I just as long as he touched me bad
in a non Bart peddle way the cuny so now
it's time for me to get ready for bed
and I always have my clan behind me can
you hear him coming up a third look at
that never by myself I love it I love it
check out this really cool light switch
that we got ready also a dimmer which is
really cool so press it down and I like
to get dimmer she's gonna be awesome
when the baby arrives and now excited to
be missed if I wanted to / bright mm-hm
super bright pretty cool right pretty
cool oh I'm so out of breath I'm such a
fat bitch just kidding I'm just pretty
all right so that's basically how I get
ready for bed um I took a shower this
morning
some people like taking the morning to
the protecting tonight but because we've
been seen with the a/c on I've been
getting like this really sore throat so
I rather not even play with fire and
tries to your shower tonight go to sleep
with wet hair and then have the AC I
rather just play it safe but this is
where poppers probably gonna agree with
me
you're either mm you okay over there
just why no he's do that boy you're so
lean what happens wait what's up okay
okay um where I'm kind of lazy and I'm
tired that has until my holiday usually
they do want to take off the makeup on
my face and a lot of you guys are like I
don't sound nasty ah I'm fucking tired I
don't feel like washing off my fucking
makeup but watch my fucking makeup off
I'll wash it off I'll wash it off all
right so I felt kind of yucky not doing
it now I'm kind of glad that I wash my
face so now I feel like I can finally go
to sleep because I can't keep my eyes
open
thank you guys so much for watching hope
you enjoyed my day of basically talking
shit to David that was pretty awesome I
really liked it so goodnight
