happy Mother's Day everyone I'm going to
be seeing my mom for lunch so I'm really
excited about that because I haven't
seen her in over a month right now I'm
waiting for Jill I'm in front of his new
downtown place because we have to go
film with the fine brothers which is why
I'm also very excited because oh don't
get me coffee thank you thank you happy
Mother's Day Joe happy motherhood
I shouldn't suck thank you so I'm pretty
excited about going back to the fine
brothers because me and Joe have a
really really good time filming over
there and it's pretty ironic because a
lot of the times you know like we got
into this stuff to be artists but
because it's also artists at business so
let's get caught up in your own mind and
when you collab and they show up on
other people's channels because you
don't have to worry about views and all
the other business and you get to be a
pure pure artist and sometimes I'm just
there to have more fun on other people's
channels that I do on my own that's true
so it's really cool just going to go
there I think they really liked our
energy going to go there have fun and
then I'll be eating with my crazy ass
family
oh yeah
every time I come here I'm always amazed
at how cool the offices so they occupy I
think almost all the floors are indoor
sport floors and then they occupy like
three of them and have offices they
shoot here there's creative spaces just
like the JK office but I really do think
they maximize their space way better so
they have these things called flats and
the flats are pretty much like just a
framework of drywall and you decorate it
and then you put it on wheels so if you
have a big empty room probably not
Indians it seems like it's all offices
but if you have like a big empty like
warehouse or room then you can slide
them around and create either fake
bedrooms fake living rooms make offices
and you can constantly use that same
space oh this looks like a flat workshop
so they just have all these frameworks
they put it all together and then like
right here if they just put like
curtains over the glass then they can
easily block out the light and just
shoot right here and create all kinds of
stuff maybe not a golf course but you
can shoot all kinds of things so uh and
so such a cool place you know talking to
Raffy last time and I'm like dude you
guys are like so into movies because
there's like movie posters everywhere
and I'm like you guys like are you guys
moving on it's you're in these movies
and what happened was they start off in
just one floor and then when they took
over the entire building it used to be
like a production company nice to shoot
movies so they had all this really cool
memorabilia so when they took it over
they just left it up and then it was up
to them if they wanted to take it down
right now we'll just keep it up cuz it
looks so cool because there's already
lighting on everything this is one of
Casey's favorite movies that do the Big
Lebowski
once again benny and rafi blows me and
Joe's mine on a bunch of business stuff
we have a team of 20 they have a team of
60 and they're doing a bunch of stuff on
you to pitch in television shows doing a
film
and we barely have YouTube channels so
there's always more to learn and they've
told us that we can email them at any
time so we're definitely be picking his
brain job and then you're still talking
oh thank you I do get out the
competition and thank you so much for
sharing all that business insight it's
really cool to like because I get
probably like the only people that we
know that are far ahead of us so it's
just cool to like be able to learn from
all the insights that you've developed
throughout the years that's what we want
we want that I think I told you that
when we were talking like this
the idea of non competition it should
never be competition between creatives
even though that foot hollow was all
about yeah and it should all be about
your success is my success and how did
you become as big as possible as all I
did want to that's probably also that's
why most you see now I gotta bring data
yeah yeah so now that it's over I forgot
to record stuff for youtubers react
snapchat yeah I do like 10 million
channels yeah alright let's start
another would imagine for every every
format that you guys do alright go to my
company I would like testing couple out
here so hopefully soon we'll have one
for any format we've done one for every
item oh yeah so just going on the fine
brothers main chat okay very cool
alright so uh if would you bond wants to
know what is you guys a favorite TV show
I like Game of Thrones is that fast how
fast is that I have these a long time
okay yeah bad ride like I'll pose that
one but it's like it doesn't like oh
okay alright I met big faster just think
friends you gotta be on your toes man no
I'm not alright you ready
you have that three two one alright your
turn Game of Thrones no I'm not copying
we eat it'll be honest it's good it's a
good show kind of coffee you ever do the
movie in the theater true
creating very cool mr. Belvedere I don't
want to kids are like alright statement
about alright next one is what's your
favorite part about being youtubers so
you guys ready you get you can do like
help me to banter like whatever a good
time time to quit all right jab me star
Japanese star wants to know what is your
favorite part about being youtubers I
love the freedom and I love the personal
connection that I get with people that
enjoy my content oh and then I'll go for
you because I feel like that'd be easier
if I just did it oh yeah I like doing
exact and forth and stuff yeah alright
alright
how about you it pisses my pants off yeh
and it's not a real job I really got a
minute ago I thank you guys yeah I try
to explain this just like grandma so
many times I had no idea what I do for a
living I try to explain a laptop to my
grandma and she was looking at it and I
was showing her pictures of like a
vacation that I had yeah it's just like
also do you stick all the pictures in
here like oh my god if you have this was
really put together looks like the DVD
driving oh my god wow it's not really
kids I could just show you the picture
she probably thought it was a copy
machine inside yeah like skandhas look
in the photocopier you have projector
that's what that is yeah yeah well cool
we got some good things to show you on
our photocopy yeah since we got me
headphones pretty share guy just got
back home and I found out something sad
so I bought my berry Mother's Day
present and it's not going to make it
today it's going to come and I think
either tomorrow that they have to
tomorrow so I have nothing to give her
but I still owe her a big fat Mother's
Day greeting and a hug whenever she in
the laundry room
ma bath
she's not in the launcher mama where's
mama bear mama bird mama bear you naked
happy Mother's Day
David a does it feel to have your first
Mother's Day um I just received the
title without really doing much of the
work although I do feel this baby moving
like crazy I feel like I don't deserve
it just yet because I haven't Bertha did
it yet and like cried because I was
frustrated or because I was so happy if
joy so I'm like half mother fuck honey
you are a mother to some CUNY kids I am
so in that regard I do deserve the title
you know great mother
how dare a day it was awesome I had a
really good meeting with Rafi and Benny
yeah and they schooled me and Joe once
again on a bunch of business does
they're awesome so cool I can't wait to
hear it was really cool to pick their
brain and his talk nice way to go yes
did the dogs pee already No
go peepee come on what time do you know
about not yet
damn it that's off-putting agar go and
go through the door go through enough
okay good job guys good job up something
okay just pee
that's how is gonna come upon that tell
looks like it wants to come up it wants
to do a little bit more than P it seems
like just a little bit more than P up
it's gone up higher and higher and and
higher biggies is all the way up ready
that's just her normally hmm are you
going to poop it was going way up way up
way up way up still looking for the
right spot off now okay someone already
did it perfect
what about you and you are done got it
we loves done and I hope you're not
laying in a pile of shit because we just
give you back a string and breeze teen
again and there it is there it is
finally there you go you don't bring you
awesome alright whoever's done go back
inside dope on time every time huh holy
shit on the house badger done what he
did well one thing let's go
my mom never fails to surprise so I
haven't even pulled up at my mom's house
I see stop stretching
she was stretching just dancing it
looked as a leg on the fire hydrant well
mom is speaking crazy but what is my mom
doing at a random intersection and she's
all ours
wait Bob Bob can i buy to my to you for
$10 every time
no it's a magenta magenta over the dock
hi young lesbian Thomas you cannot get
ah for you it's for baby pot ah baby
mama Bobby my mistake
oh thank you honest it Honda hovers in
the front yeah I'm afraid okay memory
I thought the drive what is this
whatever
what what is it you your drink aha
he took huh what is this Jesus oh it's
genteel it's good for you you drink it
first yeah III hope there's a good one
here is a good for good ball
none none none hi okay gently on my
floating conferences you just have to
pull this down okay
alright now you have to pull it down I
go there oh hey Jake I Freddie
- is pretty good okay happy Mother's Day
thank you - that even have to detect a
chicken Truitt I chose amen and it may
be good okay we're gonna chew it you're
appreciated Shh it isn't baby go ahead
and make a beautiful money oh thank you
you're beautiful grandma ah yes here
you're a grandma yahuda yeah to them
there you go it's a how many years ten
years older editing them very very
expensive with the doctor making me you
have to find a wire the ascenders a
Wilder yeah Wow Wow
what did you say okay go a meto what
army for but ah me Oh what just like why
are you lived on parents yeah well my
mom is doing she's chanting uh like a
Buddhist chant towards our baby because
my mom is extremely Buddhist and our mom
was telling me this crazy ass story in
the car so my on my beloved on which my
mom's little sister is in the states
because she got into a huge bicycle
accident where she had to jump off the
bike an entire face is purple - got
smashed and instead of going to a
hospital if I want or even go to a
hospital here my mom convinced her aunt
my aunt her little sister to come here
to see auntie who she thinks has kungfu
and can heal her face so now my auntie I
haven't seen her yet but I'm gonna go
see her make sure she's okay but but uh
and the kung-fu
auntie also said that much she can see
with her kung-fu eyes that her brain
cells are shrinking so she needs to be
healed here so that's that's just one
level of how superstitious my mom is I
love her to death and she's awesome but
it's always a crazy time for mom because
she just stinks on a completely
different level
well maybe see the inside either
do you have comfo you have kungfu or nah
nah you you you did a go for you mommy
stomach thank you when your hair
something to get a war pyramix pushing
yeah that's my mom's vegetarian the
first thing that we usually do when we
sit down at here's my mama if you're
fine
it's define something that's bedtime
we're the only person i know they said
it off the head indoors that's it
are you good how are you oh my god so
good I can teach my lover people and my
turn you and the five people means a
daughter-in-law
yeah I don't want to fit it all that
much I'm talking about something I have
some oh yeah I saw your suit my heart
- no father
what do you want to eat I like pizza
what pizza what do you want on the pizza
ah vici veggie pizza okay you like then
curses like ten are not a nun Resik one
question about her go find pizza there
is some 1 million pop what do you want
half ago as well mom what adapted
perhaps to it although they don't make
it like that you know you're gonna get
baby baby lobster ravioli I'm trying to
figure out if I stay on my diet
I'm starting our tour tomorrow Monday do
you think I should get my dad or just
indulge in one more day mother's day I
fired a few people
oh thank you
so yeah one more day and I'll be
hardcore so I'll probably order people
to help study like that had an awesome
time catching up with my mama and my
other mama and while we're in the city I
found Lowe's off the side of the freeway
the freeways actually over there and
when I pulled up I like oh you know I
can get from Lowe's they have the
workbench that don't wanna get but I've
been so busy I've been able to get it
and was it on your house or at least
like a 10-minute Drive I mean I was ten
mile drive so it's kind of far but this
one was right here so I'm like might as
well stop by here if you've I could pick
it up so I hope they have the workbench
that I can pick that up and also there's
tools I want to stock the workbench with
I can knock both of those things out
those are two things that you're not off
my home checklist bob baer yeah you see
this cute ass grill yeah what do you put
on this I have no idea we can tiny this
is a grill that differed one maybe for
like the small family yeah I get it
whoop truth you could barely cook my
hand no you could cook multiple it put
your hand no you the hollow okay that's
like for a family of four it's like
perfect you know I'm a flirt now you are
uh-huh Marbury you know what I just
realized
that I actually have never stepped foot
in the Mosel Oh me neither actually it's
really nice yeah it's like a really nice
clean home depot it feeling like uh like
Walmart and IKEA and home people had a
baby Walmart I can't people oh yeah yeah
yeah
I just realized that it's so nice bikini
those first it's not a mattress happy
Mother's Day just go alone
yeah me but I mean new experiences
oh do you need any a spray bottle
there's a pile of spray bottles are here
do you see where the work benches are oh
here I see some I see some cabinets
I see another bench no there's one I saw
online so I saw one online no no I saw a
specific one area that I find that one
there's a specific specific one maybe at
my dish it's because I'm vlogging oh
okay sorry
so additionnal so most people when they
see me I always see them laughing at me
because it looks dumb like when you have
a camera or something or then what's oh
dude look what you in today it looks
fucking dumb but it looks cooler on this
end because we know each other but when
you see some of our gonna realize that
looks really stupid so I don't blame her
for it laughing
awesome I found the toolset why did I
say it cause it
I found the toolset you pick it up like
nothing so I went to pick it up I'm like
230 pieces but you pick it up literally
it looked like this that's how you moved
it what's up how did you move it like
that you know I also dead this like six
per pound right do you go from 600 and
look I don't know if you notice but have
you ever seen hmm
do it again do it again
you saw me posters hundred out of me
I'm just kidding that's not you think
that it's the first time that was me
that's how I picked it up any of these
words make sure these are just a little
more tool boxes there's a tool bench
specifically that I'm looking for
oh I know it's 227 pieces yep I don't
need this one because this one isn't oh
yeah you don't even you don't know show
you this I see it I see it I saw it oh
what the difference this one at least
has a screwdriver and a fucking hammer
yup this is general pliers measuring
tape island key wire cutters everything
this one doesn't have all that stuff
like this so paw bear finally gotten to
the workbench look at that bed this is
literally the last one and I think
you've made a friend here and this guy
figured out that father only wants blue
shit so it's like oh we have a blue hole
hole
Jimmy about brandy and Sony was like
honestly there's couples of probably the
same but it's dependent or Brandeis and
he used to work at here so he has
everything craftsmen and all like long
think about getting all cobalt because
I'm not low and I want everything to
match like yeah I knew I knew cobalt he
called you mr. blue oh yeah that works
perfect oh my goodness
perfect gonna be all it's gonna be all
cobalt yeah you're gonna you're gonna
have a new culture too yeah you guys
have a hat I think we do in the front
register Pacific oh thank you thank you
so much right thank you so much thank
you
hey the sponsorship whole bunch oh yeah
maybe your car would be like one of
those little ones yeah I like the NASCAR
Nicole yeah yeah Jimmy don't you go oh
my god somebody the day you go and put
hard roast over wicked Joe Joe's working
that floor he's up trying to upsell
trying to get him to sign a credit card
don't do it Bart don't do it even though
Joe is cute and funny don't do it yeah
yeah yeah can you tell we just bought a
house so I'll just I'm trying to stock
it up and make sure I'm covered
everywhere yeah did you said come to the
lights good yeah it comes with that this
looks important I think I just need that
drill bit yeah but cobalt cobalt blue
yeah holy shit that's exactly I need
everything on sale too
all right regularly 3490 he is only 17
right now like about the house you can
believe it or not yeah anything anything
physically like thank you so much thank
you thank you do it yeah I love you
Nicole oh yeah look at that
oh yeah do you really need it are you
serious drinking anything else Joe
anything else okay okay thank you nice
meeting you you said easy sell
he told you easy sale hey he knew a
cobalt guys gosh I love that guy he's
still talking about he ready machine
bottom is so funny cuz you're losing all
kinds of our sound effect like a lotta
come on you don't need that
for cards like you need some you looking
like that like you're right goes to show
you how simple minded and dumb guys are
they can only communicate with sounds
shows that we have way more funding
I am very jealous that's literally it
look at this frigging happy camper oh my
god
you're gonna need me I'm Google's gay
like I just put my house I got to get
their prayer my name friend give it
I don't you sound Armenian are like
Middle Eastern that's kind of medium
high a little so many boxes in the
garage I don't even know if this is
going to fit anywhere but this is great
so I so one of the biggest problems
right now I'm the one speaking up in the
garage everywhere I don't have better
quarters I did the entire I did entire
house and I don't have a house like that
I don't have the headquarters law school
and now this bill equation every time
you lie you cross your fingers when
you're pointing oh yeah look at that I'm
online whatsoever so what I'm saying is
once I have the workbench put all the
tools in the right places
and everything can all be quietly are
you alright I'm not lying at all the
father
and the COBOL guy we need a sponsorship
look at that just got home
I'm going to unload the truck and start
organizing the garage there's a ton of
stuff to do but because there's so much
stuff to do I don't think I'm a halftime
the vlog so I'm and that day there happy
mother's day one oh I hear Kenny puppies
you're never happy say happy Mother's
Day I have your mother's everyone see
you tomorrow
