Aloha so today is our very last day on
the island which makes me kind of sad
but it's all good because I get to go
back home and see my pop ups but oh
thank you Aloha but that doesn't mean
that we're still not going to explore on
our very last day so our first stop is
juvie cafe and what are we gonna grab
here what are you trying to grab here
looking at this highly diverse menu I'm
guessing it just might be a Malaysian oh
yeah yeah we're going to be yeah okay
just munch so I had a lot of really good
Yelp reviews I can't wait to write
I look up like you're next
I got them with baby packs so usually I
try to get the number one which is like
what the place is known for and but I
was in the mood for something crunchy
dog outside ticket but the cool thing
the musubi pack also comes with a number
one so that's the best of both worlds
what did you get you got a lot of being
deceived likes positive and that's a
very awesome is not the number one right
here and then I got um this is salmon
with male salmon which intel mayo and
then I think the chisel she's so far and
this one is so I'm them do be do but
Debbie
I'm excited and they're still wasted as
we don't ordered before them I never
understood how works in a restaurant
where the people that order before you
get it later I don't know have you ever
worked at a restaurant yeah
I don't like a list the face of lackeys
no I worked at multiple - one give me
one
oh I still work at Red Robin which one
will location the one and valcon liar so
invalid
they can't even have heard Robin two
dollars did he do it's the one next to
uh get better in life another cultural
whatever within lesson items I got to
become really honest these are pretty
good
clutter there makes a minute wanna make
them better and I'll tell you 7-eleven
mixer there and I think that so did I do
more than to live away I don't carry on
cleaner on yeah yeah it's unclear but
this everyone wants breezier and more
flavorful it's still good
that's what their name is
so the verdict on the teriyaki spam
recipe that I got is way that everyone
in there in our crew was saying 7-eleven
does a better job but I personally like
Bart mentioned like this one so if
you're here in Oahu try this place not
really really really really good so now
we are at destination table r2 and I
think this is the first time ever in the
history of me traveling to Hawaii which
has been like eight times now that I'm
going to museum here we are actually at
the Bishop Museum I don't know what's in
here but Joe highly recommended it so
I'm ready to get my museum on in Hawaii
I'll know what I'm saying on wow wow wow
who are you oh god your board the job
damn it so the first thing we got to do
once we're in a medium is da trial mood
ring let me see what your mood is did
you try yours yet I did hold on George
I'll wait I'm sorry okay so am I
supposed to pick one I thought in
neutral there is no other I don't know
the difference is that part of the
styrofoam is nervous about water okay I
get it alright which we need put it on I
don't know where it
changing color you know put it on like
your people so it's like Oh nut yeah
what the hell this is a cool one
you're all kinds of confusion so test
another one to make sure it's double
check
it's turning here what color is it
turning
I'll tell you what you are purple
romantic you liar nah it's like what is
it like like marble yellow orange yellow
orange see your unsettled and there's
orange red and gentlemen nervous yeah no
yellow and blue lovable losers live
public all of that yeah loveable all
these are unsettled that's wait wait why
is this blue a lot and then let's move
lovable things everyone
there's bit by you too Geo central Oh
oh these pictures are nice I can take
pictures like this you losing somebody
babe not well look at this one that's
not a very good sponsor why don't you
have one let's because I don't like
taking basic photos well give me
something working Giga basically I have
one exactly that on my Instagram basic I
don't know you know I don't see would
have been really great a rainbow did you
get a rainbow go safe basic you could
get these yourself on your iPhone ah why
rather pay someone else to do it
you're so lucky you have a living
creature inside of you right now
basically I thought you liked this Emma
pretty look that's not baby if you could
do this wow you're so basic and what
would leave the baby in there baby you
can't do anything they wanna go basic
did I hope okay you know what when you
grow up instead is just no but Uncle
David loves very much but let me tell
you something your mom there's no shit
whatever she says to you don't listen to
it all day that doesn't know anything at
all you know who knows a lot your father
he's a very wise man he just had some
fucking never mind
David is a weird word man although your
father has great insight his heart is
great on the exterior here's a crusty
crusty crust I know he can hear from his
ears so we have to go pick up some
things we could we could squeegee that
shit out whenever you hear something
screaming inside your parents room and
then we really they're not having sex
here's so bart has been like losing his
hearing anymore I kid you not
every year in Hawaii he loses his
hearing he submerge in water for so many
hours um that he realizes that there's
like a bunch of slack that's booked in
there so now later on today we're going
to stop by like Walgreens or long drugs
and to pick up late ear cleaning devices
so that this I could hear
I one of my world desires was to live in
funky like this yeah it should be done
no easy no fuck new creaks I pretty I
already know you have you done any way
you want
what are you would not be complaining
the whole time it no I'm a simple man if
you give me the window I'm dead I'm
simple look inside feel it i man look at
this I mean yeah it's great in there
there's no electricity I enjoy other
guys I barely use electricity really we
meet AC L electricity barely I don't use
it that much
well there you have it there's our new
crib right here we're down you want it
look at this pages I think you put the
food upstairs Booker you can't get to it
oh do you think that's true because I
look there's a lot of wild boars and
wine yeah I want to Peppa Pig pinky
another delicious
no what a pity I wanted to catch it no
here it is not a pencil no but you could
have pegged in foods you would eat your
ten I wouldn't eat my pet but I eat
another one so if you had a dog which
you do have a dog so there's no one if
you haven't know and then they offer you
dog tacos give me the dog taco I'm in a
place where they're known for it and
it's the number one special disgusting
well I'm not my dog you're eating up
your dose cousin finally human okay
you're either human or also available
eternal hi pop I think the conversations
over
we went from the hut to eating humans I
don't know how that happens only in our
little bowls we're about to launch a
drone in the middle of a museum
as you can see it's the grandest of our
gallery spaces
and now this whole building we're in the
Hawaiian Telcom exness was for a long
time the entirely the original structure
for our Museum it goes back originally
to the founding in 1889 that's when the
cornerstones were laid and the structure
was built and then developed expanded
over a number of years until 1905 which
is when it's always usually open to that
with the last space added on now we
still have some of the exhibits here
that date back to that initial opening
one of those is the whale with a couple
on this side paper mache
for showing us the outside of the whale
but when you go up and look at the other
side you're going to find the real
skeletons with real balls of a sperm
whale
that are hung up and this whale dates
back to 1902 that's when it was
initially hung up this was actually
something purchased out of a catalogue
from a museum supply company and so had
to be shipped over from New York then
constructing a scaffolding to get the
pieces up there
got everything hung up at the paper
mache shell and now 115 years later
still hanging up there until a lifetime
yes well it's the real skeleton so it's
it's a real whale that in that respect
that's the one that uh another original
exhibit also from 1902 is this model
here showing us APL you know Hawaiian
place awarding of the temple now this
model built to represent particular APL
named waka Kuna and this is considered
one the first Hale built in the Hawaiian
Islands when these gods is religion as
first introduced here something that's
spreading across other Pacific Islands
coming from the EP her son law now
bahá'u'lláh is originally built in the
Yaak with a house built in the district
of Hoonah on Hawaii Island at a time of
the model being built the actual hey I
was still there that's a reference point
for this but about 20 years ago a lava
flow from Kilauea came and covered over
this catchment
the real al is now not able to see so we
just had an out model of images to show
up
yes and it's a very good point so use
the words the Tiki now in Hawaiian the
words of the movie but it's the same
word and his related languages so
languages for salary will be having that
same meaning of the images that are made
to represent them and so we've seen here
are the key makes represent cool who was
the god for this
hey yell and he is one of the four main
Hawaiian God and these four gods and we
found in many other Pacific Islanders
sometimes the names of different just
like that different but essentially we
thank God for cool he is probably best
known as God of War but also a God
connects fishing farming governance as
well as the summer season which were
just about getting into you can notice
when you're outside
come on it and so now this main area is
the area for the actual Richard Bolles
offering for all actually performed the
smaller space you see over there is for
the couple not
takers of the hey out place for them to
have her living space and now it's
represent school he talked books there
and the get a better sense of ethics
professional appear
horshack representing this rickety was
used at an al request longbow and the
fiction of cool by and large in a human
form which is one way to be the floors
gods can appear but also reflecting some
of his other forms functional levels
which literally means many bodies one of
those two no lava pool is filled which
is the Hawaiian pop and so we can look
at this here and the reputation of
feathers
women can be particularly to speak the
figures of heard and pointed this pose
are and give a connection to the
Italians right that bird of prey another
to the local school is the group which
is the breadfruit tree and that's the
wood that was used to actually recently
and so these two the call to God they
will take many forms many they're very
present in everyday life is naturally
very connected to all these different
aspects of life now we're very fortunate
to have a PE like this represent school
this size the style of this three left
in the world we've got the one here
there's one that lives in the Peabody
Essex Museum in Massachusetts and then
one more in British Museum at one and
that's it now big reason for the
scarcity of EPE is that this is full
religious system that has been
introduced at the time around the time
of Buffalo has created well it
officially comes to an end in 1890
merely following the death of King
Kamehameha's Percy
now I say officially because this is in
terms of the Hawaiian Kingdom the
government's position of alkaline these
religious practices but that doesn't
mean that everybody in the kingdom
immediately stops they're their own
personal practices all in one day but
officially this religious practice is
man's outlaw and so he ow are bandhans
destroyed and the PE are going to be
disposed especially major TV from the
major hero venom Frisco's
in different ways for wouldn't be the
easiest thing is to burn so that's that
was debate for most of the tea like this
for other forms of P perhaps donkey
harder to burn them perhaps instead
they'll be married and that sets the
stage for a story lecture chair p-funk
over here so this is uh what did you
just plant to the left here area another
key and orange cone states always back
to 1785 and when they first escalated
this not want to come on the ground
they're trying to every and I just want
to move somebody built this museum
they're like well that means the gods
wanted here so they kept it here in the
original spot they just taped it off to
let everyone know all this is well along
great that sounds like another story
that we just heard Joseph us restore
flat
like the bashful guy that wandering next
beeping Oh evil this one's the naughty
one you these lies like that is like oh
she remember to do I'm flat Papa there's
this
now you're fucking dead you're really oh
my god you're dead you don't stand a
chance there's like all right school
bags let's go back to the tail sound
like dog Stan McChrystal
oh it does damn now you now we're both
dead if we both lay down you're both
dead still but a funnier the shark in
the water and although that's cute
so here we have our tour guide David is
going to give us just a couple of slides
on mama bitches Papa DKK Goldilocks and
over here to the left we have giant wine
corks oh cool in Hawaiian culture back
in the day they used to be about 20 feet
tall yeah but because food has been so
scared everybody got a little bit
smaller so not Samoans are only seven
people yeah yeah this is the original
light bulb for them
oh cool we get to the right this was the
typical of a giant condom mmm yes
Hawaiians were giant yes and this is
actually the smaller penis so this is
just a regular condom oh they're anxious
not the XL they have the flat tip things
yes they did very interesting when they
would PU the stream would look like this
Oh at its low just like this yeah
beautiful
over here Bart would you like to explain
with this we got to tour guide us mrs.
Bartlet ah Bart muhahahaha
this was an old school what they call
its gonna do okay on this tour this is
what they call the old karaoke machine
Oh what they used is the prince
do you know that they used to do is so
you know everything every group is
always a good student in the bad singer
and the good singer would put his head
in here inside side and he would hide in
the bushes and make music and it would
seem like all justice random
instrumental coming out of nowhere
I know I along and have a good time this
is before they had the karaoke please
really do today that's so event I'm
happy that the Hawaiians made this
because now I can go to Cape Town and
seeing my little heart out back in the
day you have to have a real person is
bacterial pollution when you gotta tell
you one damn thank goodness for this
invention are people all over the world
will be hiding in bushes
this is not
so little you are these are some real
whale bones specifically sperm well look
at this look at how huge it is compared
to me I'm like non-existent a little
speck I mean that probably it's stuck in
this piece yep
it's that that it's beautiful look and
we come only not to fucking shit no idea
shoes kid
so this part is really cool as you guys
know I'm from Taiwan and the Chinese
keep like you see in Taiwan they're not
the original people's the original
people are these guys but these are
pretty much the Polynesian roots and I
got so interested in I was on Wikipedia
and we can find that all the oceanic
peoples of all in tongue all the Pacific
Islanders and all the Polynesian people
of Guam of Taiwan and even Korea they
all came from the same place
I didn't they call it a Austronesian and
then they all they all expanded up the
Hawaiian they were exploring and this is
just really cool to see like
similarities I think she probably has a
little bit Chinese mixed in terms that's
what it look like there's a little bit
but if you go to like any of the
Polynesian Resort in Taiwan these are
the digitus people and you'll see a lot
of people like this is that cool that's
amazing
I remember when we were Taiwan yourself
a lot of museums and I saw a lot of this
I wish I was Polynesian Taiwanese many
why are you pretty awesome the way you
are now
alright so just the nation number three
well there was it's three point five
because the point five was actually that
we went home first and we all went
swimming this our hairs all wet but now
we're going to have dinner at three hey
let's draw
first up is my abduction tofu which is
try to hook as little you know flakes
and I'm outside and soft on the inside
I can't wait to eat it all overall
second on the menu is my google whisper
up again about the comfortable pretty
plain large thank you why are you
ordering these are a ribeye kabobs
they're freaking humanoid and then I got
so deep with pork belly too delicious
and I forgot Toro group which also looks
delicious
Sally order and then I also got a hood
on it oh let's say - I did
and that's not McMahon and he loved the
salmon would be put double wasabi on all
that name what on the order we might see
that you guys want to organize your
dolefully this valley year is not done
when you're being someone's beautiful
yes plant noggin echo food cause first I
just ate the big pump and then oh
they're getting it are you want to tie
our higher I love that the observed like
that micron decide yeah I always pull it
out you want to wet is your order I got
I got a lot of Silva and came with like
this teeny tiny little oil and give you
your finger for reference or something I
have I don't understand well then again
my fingers are huge like you're totally
seem okay you get her finger is limited
look at this this is more about me
really
oh no no thank you my pink dream look at
me birthday bigger yeah but I don't I
don't know what to do with it egg I've
never had a diesel with egg make it like
a shot I could shut what do I do with
the egg you can secure to the sauce
right now oh okay and if I don't want oh
is it okay weird about I'm eeen what do
you have to confuse no I don't want it
to be like that contaminated but I don't
think I've ever had it mixed
firing 36 yeah right dolly for shot him
it was really rubbery in the gym you
know if I was allergic to chicken cool
did you give us you this little she make
little eggs in the morning for me with
really really interesting you has a
fucking cool cut allergic to chicken
name oh my god what are you so surprised
about it so that's the biggest hamachi
kama I've ever seen as for reference
yeah yeah for reference it looks bigger
oh yeah so this has to be the biggest
Komachi kama that i have ever had from a
whale it came from a whale yours looks
delicious that egg oh my god are
tortured your food
I can't have that one okay go because we
feel it's well done no I'm just not
going to torture myself
I needed to call with what I got worried
fantasy sports oh my god we are all
children needed at the table everyone in
hello will be supporters are ridiculous
struggling to do
I'm used to American on mainland like
ionizers when everything will be like
decide the skewers commentators this is
English to people I have to go it come
from the decoder pretty horrible not any
less I mean we haven't for it really or
a lot by yours racers vlog I want to
avail the hardest is Joe and orders like
everything on the menu
we're tired of helping it's not working
wait I finished my whole food I finished
the clams out of the music oh so you did
fans to me so you just finish the clams
in the meat and they took they already
took away the shit down at my dish
alright I told him to clear my plate you
have to be so defensive
I just did you stop so friends I'll just
press the record right no enemies oh
yeah eat it all here we I bail your
records keep it always playing pretty
thousand is a lot of you get less I'm so
hot
and you didn't hear the boiled peanut
okay I haven't subpoenaed for mega fail
I have a difference by the way I help
more he sounds like I know what did he
help you my mama died in a Harley in
Rouen - you were tasting through the
other half on the plate and I'm finished
yet
how about that catch me outside okay
I'm guilty
Oh dim sum you're guilty of oh yeah I
like to take everything would you give
me a menu which says believe on the
Oracle are trying to metrology
girlfriend don't you go
all right just got back home and on the
way home
Papa picked up some stuff that I could
clean out his ears and while he's doing
that I can't watch that shit go down so
I'm going to let in the theme handle
that with him because it's just too
gross but I'm going to start packing
this mess over here while progress does
all of that what he buzzes all right so
I've been snorkeling and swimming our
shit-ton so this right here is clogged
and I can't hear anything out of this
ear and I learned a remedy how to clear
out your left
it is pretty nasty so brace yourself but
this works and this works way better
there any q-tip so in the deep you could
smell right sometimes depending on how
fucked up it is this I had an ear wax
come out the size of a black cockroach
and the whole rooms up so I'm gonna
basically grab that door so I hope you
don't throw up but the first step is
getting nice warm water if it helps
break it up
sometimes I even get some drops and I
put up I don't put alcohol dropped into
my dear--and afraid something you like
but I don't have that right now I just
kind of get them more modern on what are
you always absolutely I don't know my
dear women are for children but like I
every time I go swimming like crazy I
don't know if this like that amount that
I swim or the amount I stay underwater
they just it just like it clogged it up
or pushed on my gear whack into the ear
hole and I can't use shit this nicer one
you ready let's take the shirt off I
don't want to hug get earwax juice
someone that comes out kind of yucky be
prepared I know I know you don't have
the hunters coming to be but do
I want you to a lot of times it
I became on it should I uh close this
that you have to keep the souvenir over
you can once broken behind your consumed
here just let it go down that would be
natural I want to save you some
souvenirs at all
Austin Teresa
daddy cannot yet you know XO machine was
quite unusual yes
oh nothing
it's starting to break up though there's
like little pieces coming up or if you
see that that's great huh down some
water you thirsty
yeah object over laughter
nothing up that's better but it still I
still can't hear shit I know something's
right on
make squeeze are very fast
coming out
is weird
I thought some stuff up on my hair
cleared up a little bit
Mary's break into myself I taught
themselves good supple in the water
there oh yes coming up nothing that
nothing that crazy this time by money
and now you can verify show ah ah shit
what is that the fucking shiitake
mushroom
Oh God on it
this is one down funny dude what do you
see you check to the other side I do
this that's good you can hear now ya
figure out of the mountainside we will
want to splash Malaba oh oh shit 20
shake it up down silly souvenirs get
more do that hard I blasted the block
your brother a bit too
I know good Dean
look at you know how you oh my god are
your drinks on it they go to cooperative
David this is happy dog her real name a
real man and human ah well ah Jesus
the water was fucking hot x-rated
he does not know so that's happening
today then I'll do the lighting here
it's crazy good is it
you look Jack or sorry do we talk about
it's real life then let's look at that
the Senators gonna chat smell it
eat it also get off
go hard
it's a couple rounds
they didn't come up no humor the tester
but some stuff
we load up the mess on there
No
no no watch your elbow weather for me I
guess is just this one how often is to
David Nam that did my ears cleared so
good did that that's what's funny all
the trouble that's it that's how to
clear your ears i right and cleaning why
are you so happy about to hear know that
I cannot I heard Nadine gags in the
bathroom and I heard you either go oh my
god I surprised myself because the big
ass ball of light beam came out that's
fucking gross I don't want to know
anymore
I'm happy you can hear now um I know I'm
super excited to go home I know poverty
Civic side of go home we can't whiskey
or pop-ups you can't wait to get back
into the regular routine of things it's
always good to take a mental break even
if it's for like a weekend but we got
this week done so now once the baby
comes because this is the last ones we
can travel ah we'll be good we'll be
solid I had my last Hawaii trip I'm very
happy with that but I'm really really
really really really excited to get just
back into the swing of things to get
back into you know the whole routine of
everything but anyway hope you guys
enjoyed our last day in paradise just
relaxing thank you so much for watching
adios this so weird Lawford
