today we're going to spend our day
exploring the Waikiki area getting some
pokey going down to Chinatown and pretty
much exploring the parts of the city
that we haven't really experienced
before because every time they come to
Hawaii we always rush towards the beach
and we pretty much live at the beach and
I get sunburned on the beach non-stop
but today when I take our time and
really explore the city alone how do you
feel about nothing to it ah awesome
and I'm bound to explore and see
anything so I'm pretty excited don't get
me wrong I love the beach
always on tour speech look like I've
ever been at downtown Chinatown yeah
there's a lot of fun food
I'm pretty excited right now yeah I'm
excited for you guys to try some
football Matt okay oh sorry it's okay I
had a piece of tuna yesterday there was
a silver ship it's amazing it was like
heaven
no I feel bad because you can't you used
to go a long time not that long maybe
like a few more months
hey there mama
first stop Gamla fish market this place
is really known for their fresh fish and
their pokey but the reason we came here
is because my bare potato because she
can't eat fish she has to get a cooked
meal and this plate has a variety way to
have all kinds of Hawaiian food and an
interesting fact we actually got
catering from here from our letting the
member table at the piano
yeah surprised you know that well I love
Hawaii and I remember the lab hours so
yeah we got this go because we had a
super unconventional very relaxed
wedding yeah I wanted to do that
everyone I knew everyone enjoyed and
this is one of the things that they do
catering some like what better way to do
it
then we got some Lao and yeah everyone
loved it it was awesome given to you on
platters and everybody serves themselves
they were like this fall say something
clearly yes
your facebook very beautiful example I
know why because you've been on the
frontier faith is like even weekend Oh
Amy welcome so - it's a beautiful movie
thank you thank you on your mom made but
their mama don't worry mommy is crazy
what did you order um I have an order
here but I think I'm gonna get a mochiko
chicken place mochiko chicken curry
Cystic breaded chicken with potato salad
or background salad sorry and right and
then the blowout do not want something
sweet
I got a balance of a disease you know
sir - carries dish
do you even like look at the fish we
just Holly yeah no I look at it I'm like
I'm coming back full so I like me when
I'm on a diet I still looking at dessert
section yeah I'm like I'm up I'm making
mental notes like almost back to this
almost destroyed this at the someone
I'll be back here
I think for me I'm going to get I
definitely got to get the llao llao or
some sort of hold fork and then I'm
going to get that we with pokey on the
side because the Pope here did a number
one can I hit our number 24 and cut out
get up a livestock rolling I'm not going
to thank you why do you look like you're
up to no good
I'm always up to no good what are you
going to order I'm going to order the
ahi tuna steak but I really really like
from here you know back in the states if
you get like a hottie to the stick and
the ounces that they give you that I
lost you at least like 28 bucks over
there's $13 so you are there screaming
motherfucker no man why are you
comparing prices like this I have to
come to the price so for those of you
who don't know those two places in the
world they get tuna first Hawaii Japan
and there's a reason why there are a lot
cheaper there's because they get first
bit and if everybody outfits at after so
when you come here it's de precios
always we always get lashes whatever you
say mr. Wei
alright buddy no I'm not ghetto shit
they would talk to me about it I'm gonna
get poked I pick up dogshit with the
fingers burn a lot of my dance classes
are gonna get broken
I know I'm beginning at my little bro
the only thing that's unfortunate about
this place is there's very very limited
seating so we only have two chairs here
and the tutors and the deemed and David
are over there but we still got Jess and
Joe so well that's the lady sit you know
after I order mama I kind of I realize I
forgot to order something I'm gonna
gameplay no chicken long right I
remember during the wedding I really
really liked chicken long way
Oh so chicken long lines it's kinda like
the porridge oh my god that looks good
holy moly looks so good that's the
mochiko chicken curry huh whoo can you
open my eyes oh my looks like Express
like a little present you know you got
the other client then I got a little bit
of pokey just a regular hawaiian-style
poke because are those market overhead
yeah but can you eat yours I'll see if
it's good enough
and bomb really can't be me one I wore
one
oh my god does
would you get David I mean are the Dean
yeah alright hey Sam
would you get the team I got complete
lololol Oh will they make a beat Milo
that's dope no was it re potent yeah
Diamond homie it's like dude was a guy
who was feminine mmm oh yeah I remember
having that Virginia David when I got
the tuna 9 we get struck we're from all
right LA we're part so I live in an
monterey park montebello area oh yeah
honey park Chinese Japanese people do
yeah yeah la montee are you for my money
no all I can live in Inglewood I should
be too dark to see the block back in the
seventies yeah yeah home being built
oh you're very nice to live in single
right where I was a dark in the block
yeah where were you born they're born
here house we're in Sacramento okay I'm
from gunroom oh yeah yeah from me in
Concord oh my god yeah Bay Area Hayward
I put a family from everywhere do it you
and your cousin North Fremont here yeah
I do it yeah ah my kids Anil Kakar he's
showing us to the bar training my yeah
City yeah yeah I thought the hell up
yeah you know I ain't good for your body
but yeah yeah not every day one yeah
good for you good okay get out and see
the Hawaii about you the after
yourselves
keep thy brother Baker all right I'm
from immediately I haven't been able to
eat at all yet mama cater for the camera
for me
so I'll eat traditional as it did on
we're not going to touch point laughter
he project got a chair Natalie oh that's
all the flavor comes from here this
baguette pork big they also make this a
chicken and some other stuff but if you
get the fourth one all the juices stay
inside it's like marinating in foil
pretty much except the foil is there
leaf and the leaf gives it its flavor
and it's so juicy right there look at
that it's like slow cooked almost man
look at
mmm water mama no thank you
I get a little bit over the puffing oh
yeah
awesome yes one no one no no but it's a
yummy meal
you guys know David what are we doing
here we are here so my friend Hannah she
messaged me and she told me to come to
Island vintage shave ice yeah you know
she Hannah is a local but she does not
own this place she's a local from here
she moved to LA and every time she
recommends me something it always turns
out to be great
so she told me to come out here she said
this is a shit so now we're going to try
out some of the balm shave ice that I
will shave ice has to offer is this
place close be better than Matsumoto and
why Lola I guess I mean cuz Matsumoto
and while others are almost exactly the
same yeah so but this one is different
there's a new new is a munition oh yeah
gangster are you excited to be at the
new new oh yeah I think it looks a lot
like another shave ice that we've seen
in LA before so I'm
it will copy all the parents better what
are you going to order or daughter
already oh yeah we got heavenly lilikoi
little boy strawberry and popping boba
look I think i'ma get a green island
look at my eyes is the green matcha if
it would focus for one quick second yes
green logic to yuzu organic frozen
yogurt Mochizuki program if this place
the best shave ice on the on the island
I think you would yeah would you bet
your knees on that do you have a nice
yeah oh how did you know everyone got a
mean would you bet your favorite niece
on that or would you Bethenny said you
hate the moment yeah awesome you heard
it from a local she would bet her nice
on this place so it means it's gonna be
good what you getting at I got the
heavenly really cool why are you
scratching - no that means you're
learning it would mean yeah I know you
ordered something that folks do that you
probably order something really bad what
do you talk about the order anything bad
do you are a sinner man I am yeah keep
scratching
do you like a big battery that good your
trouble let's get away from you
boom
while an emoji looks so fresh there's no
no balls little flavor boba and look no
like I quality wrinkled purple ice cream
oh cheese
take a bicycle bike
isn't way better
it is right overheard someone say Oh
mm-hmm
the wool mows all food without hormones
like they use actual pure wave rather
than just syrup so it's by next level
what is this little bit left mmm popping
boba yeah that's the young me I think is
way too quick maximum muscle
with Minds coming out right now
yes master what do you think hell yeah
masters done deal said busy
sorry Matsumoto sorry why Lola oh hi Ola
while older while I'm not too sure but
the new name in town is an invented shy
I well we just got word from a local
that uncle clays number one from that
person right there she gave us the
lowdown
whoo thanks all my goodness how do you
make magic
you have heavenly hands
fantastic yeah thank you
I'll follow you over there I think I see
David sitting over there everyone is
speaking yummy yummy
ours is a bomb
pretty good huh I think I'll do I just
got the lowdown from a local she says
this is the second best this is the best
list of the wife's place called uncle
clays also the low hon you want grizzle
what everybody keeps saying is that
something's in that you don't I mean no
but she actually agrees with this place
is this Matsumoto's is a landmark but
the real place is uncle places the
second best so we might have to try that
place if there's one excess anomaly but
we might so mine is absolutely heavenly
and green tea yuzu frozen yogurt Dookie
beans and really talked fresh powder
mochi I'm so happy we're all just
hanging in here having a good time
relaxing everyone you're feeding their
young me shave I took no care in the
world this not very happy unification
Day happy communication as much needed
huh I've never really liked shave ice
that much yeah um but this right here
GameChanger
that's really good it's fun to just walk
around with all of our friends enjoy
Hawaii and a lot of times because we're
like brand-new in a new place sometimes
be kind of action-packed our schedule
consider our onto net onto next every
day waking up 7 8 a.m. and as I'm going
to get so busy and then the vacation
kind of become almost work and then we
get tired we get home we get tired we
get home reflect need a read some more I
really like the pace that this trip is
then it's been very very peaceful the
game
why are you so sad dude I can see fence
over oh my god
I saw that
- the vice - awesome
I bring upon all the fat children around
the world the what children have bed oh
yeah everyone has blue again everyone
that's all done your fictional needs
this goes does this is freaking cool
this is the most elaborate Stan
sculpture I've ever seen look at that
looks so smooth and they all the
surfaces are huge
dick pretty vigilant pretty cool
beautiful that I can't even do that on
paper I don't even know how they kept
that together you can send one of those
questions again whether it's physics God
or magic I have to automatically just go
enjoy like see what happens
why my evil kid overhaul your tub he did
the same thing but he touched it it was
hard really think it is blue when she
told me that she knows how it's done
because in her hometown they have these
competition Oh how's it done I think
it's like some kind of non-toxic natural
glue have a thing so they have to wash
away oh I think yeah but in the meantime
the hold it together yeah they we have
competitions in my hometown they last
like over a week or so I think thank you
for the information
it's not a death knell
we decided to take a little break from
the food adventures and go to the beach
and the beach is always easy to find in
Hawaii you just got to look to your left
look to your right or look to your front
oh the beautiful mermaid outside in the
water oh thank you doing outside of the
water bikini I'm waiting for you oh
thank you
so yeah we're going to the beach take a
little break this one is more of like
going to chill Beach so it's not
expected to see wildlife so I brought my
snorkel and since anyways just in case
because David said he saw a turtle here
once which is pretty crazy but we're
here mainly to just chill and not really
try to snorkel but I do see some rocks
out there in the ocean so there might be
some wildlife too and you know if I get
in the water I gotta look for some
fishes and turtles what are you guys
doing mama he's gonna show ya hey not
just one maybe maybe
so we just got home we decided that
we're not going to Chinatown mainly
because the entire produce section
closes at 3 p.m. and we just got carried
away with the last things having fun at
the beach at the time passed by so we
might just go there tomorrow and I think
we're going to continue the water
session at the pool here are you gonna
get in the pool mama probably not it's a
little chilly for me the way you're
gonna do this for that yeah okay
so we're pretty much is going to have
another session of relaxation I think
that's the theme of this trip which is
relax and relax some more we're heading
back into town right now cuz Joe found
this really yummy place that is called
chess
tango or something and the theme that
caught my eye is that they have uni
spaghetti ooh
which I love Mooney and I love pasta so
they have that but they also have a
bunch of other stuff so for example each
one one got it so they also have all
kinds of other food that people can have
choices there's this pork kakuni beans
which is a braised pork that looks
really good there's pizza there's real
fake
mama is we know really really Kevin
without this it's black climbers been a
very good camera season right now so
there's a ton of good stuff here there's
a lot of choices or people get all kinds
they might make a one big concern that
we have is that sense Mara as pregnant
she's trying to keep her a mercury level
low so she's gonna avoid fish tonight
and now we're heading over there now so
it seems like this is a nighttime
drinking place it doesn't suit me so
what does to me is how much posture they
have but we're kind of on the idea
álvaro Negredo pasta god is good
abalone abalone risotto Natasha you have
there Genie thing happens they hide a
lot of very specialty type boxes which
are in - awesome - this is like Japanese
fusion will help you what in the world
is rocker Bowls goalie sorry I'd like
flipped it
ignore him so yeah they have a Japanese
fusion oh yeah ooh that's an updated
battle in progress so they have a lot of
fusion Japanese in Italian tech stuff so
there's pasta carbonara but really for
much of this was a lot of
a lot of fusion which I like and you
know you got to get that I know one
thing i'ma get is this filet mignon stay
with Papa Bobby but while you guys were
looking at the menu I wasn't paying
attention total with the yeah absolutely
what do you recommend I do you like
Winnie I don't know I'm getting you know
I might sorry about of yours I might get
moving on and you're like musica a nice
tiger
importunate that's with you how can you
make that by comparison the time I ate
it but I was reading it it's a fortune
now say how can you make that compress
so I never tasted for shit but ice the
march in parades count roughly drums on
the case and then when the horses just
to take down to run it would smell like
horse shit I know that smell it and
that's the only possible light but it
don't matter if you want to get it so
was i for shit in Garland
your favorite what are you together I
think like Ross in our company Chrono
Cross cooperate I just saw a picture of
a lot of fish that you forget II may be
running we need wasn't you who I love
agree with my shoes I make him anything
fear that are ye or anybody is or like
we're talking I don't know I want to try
like you time others have one regular
Alex what are you gonna get did you get
the pony getting I have no idea
I thought you loved only hot and all
there's like more popular puzzle
yeah and I'm with my pasta right no I'm
okay I'm sorry a beautiful thing for me
is why once a year with you what is
happen
fuckers the wops mistake or Kendall
single take you could I get demi-glaze a
couple of Mac you
and then the talking divided compute on
top with Bobby but I've never had an
order so you thought living real yeah
hey stop me much fun I mean I don't know
cuz it doesn't do this was real with
Bobby that much would probably be like
20 bucks in it he'll I don't know real
wasabi something
to picture
I hit rate bomb does really good very
very buttery very qualities it's
delicious
thank you thank you for sharing was a
good job we gotta make awesome with that
Oh remember your processor dislike that
is you got the mushroom that make it one
way with the clock enjoy
haha
Sakuni and kakuni is braised pork belly
and I like it because it's kind of like
a salty and savory and it comes with
tomatoes I think we'll balance it up mmm
no long hair if I walk by it as what is
braised pork belly what you get out of
one more problem
I better shut up pig pig before long
baby
hey David your entire place pork-belly
Wow
lemon I guess what's that if it a
massage
oh really I do have a fair return
very good not
I'm what you call Hodge again mmm but a
hopper
let me give money ha ha ha ha
how's that angle thing good just so talk
about this life private
and last
it's tough it's very good torture yeah
Oh
yeah
we are hot weather
I know what you mean is helicopter Lloyd
yeah whoo woody this is like everyone
had it crap having about fair
I want to comfort
but this is what I came here for really
happy food is the dairy for me a few
urgent
but you will work
really good cobblers very authentic very
clearly unum easily really let's all the
flavors together and it doesn't pay for
shit
the team is about retired Unni pasta for
the first time I've ever had
Unni before category but I haven't had
it for my photo at David's burn to the
Ponte he gave us winning
yeah like Santa Barbara movie so it
could be really really good and it
tasted good
they're still kinda off so I'm surprised
with me how they incorporated the pasta
and that sloshes awesome cook down
I can fuckin care
like it
as unique flavors yeah it's creamy
though it's good it's very good but I
haven't got hired or like you just not
talk enough for the job yeah yeah yeah
yeah let's go very good
that's all you steel covers you like it
haha no
no no I taste a little bit like
no no like fish with like brown sugar
like that brought your smell
today I played ovulated our triune
Ivanka the tire types of its rear
I like mystery
every target this is like we mail yeah
just got back home and we are exhausted
to morrow we're going to wake up right
and early because we're going to go
snorkel at one of the best places around
here called Hanauma Bay so gotta sleep
early and tomorrow I'm going to show you
some really really cool footage good
night everybody
you're not naked are you yeah good night
Thank You Jessie
