good morning it's day two for us whoa in
Hawaii and this is first actually
wearing as hot I never wear this hat and
I'm about to watch Papa do what what you
about to do just up dude
but what are you about to do the martial
arts okay
that's not this big piece of grass
yesterday and it really inspired me and
I when I was a kid I used to love
training and stuff yeah and now the kid
meeting over 15 years ago but I woke up
early everyone still sleeping it's a 7
a.m. right now sounds like might as well
it's 7 here but it's really loving at
home 10 specially 10 at home cause like
I might as well get some training in and
just kind of enjoy the Sun enjoy the
Hawaii fresh air and it feels good and
then there's a shower called the pool
right after gross you mean that is ready
fast tub called the pool yeah I could
just train get ready and then jump in
the pool you can do I'm just gonna watch
you beautiful fine so yeah um it's the
first time I'm in a bikini like these
guys are so big now they don't really
fit very well I'm gonna try to make it
work and then it's the first time
actually using this I bought it like
three Hawaii trips ago never really used
it until now because to be honest I feel
a little self-conscious about my body
because I've never been in this shape
before and I know it's a beautiful thing
because I am creating a baby but at the
same time I'm still like I gotta get
used to it so I'm just trying to come to
terms with it and I've tried to look
cute in ecq you have like you know
reflections that's that's what I look
like right now look at this bed lace big
belly yeah so just going to lounge
around for now watch pop bear do his
little thing probably gonna scoot over a
chair and bring it over so that I could
scare papa
mr. Chi might take advantage and just
get a little campus hastiness buzz I'm
so white
Bart's best friend is out here to come
and train with him look his best
friend's gonna twin with him are you
warming up too
I need my coffee too though that's my
strength in the morning excited your
friends me to play with you yeah how
often is kicking on your horn
like 30 minutes I've been kicking the
hardest yeah you have drench'd I've been
doing all kinds of tricks and everything
yeah like sweating like crazy that's
awesome good job papa
yeah I've been sweating like crazy too
on this towel can't really do anything I
can't even lay on my tummy open his lace
I could tend the backside of my buddy
but I can't even lay on my stomach I
can't even believe I thought I could
stupid that was like we got away Farley
eight or even seven so we can go to
North Shore and we have all these
activities planned me Geo Jess Joe we've
been awake it's 9:30
and we texted him when he's not waking
up so I have to go wake him up now
is in the bathroom I hide I might need a
shower
okay so right when he's done I'm gonna
be honest curtains dad still sleeping
maybe she could sit in that chair to
record him plan
no get in a bed kiss this fucking
computer this whole time I won't be in a
speck of sweaty juices all maybe have to
be underneath here
going out let me see that one
that's good
position this here like this like that
ah useful bitch did good kid
Harrigan yes I knew that you ever wonder
why because I can you feel good knocking
good use in response I got seven or
eight
why don't we local that nine I woke up
and nobody was awake we were all when we
get outside potatoes really welcoming
today in the group mean we're like is
anyone awake Ernie Jess Jill we're all
cut and Joe oh really
rickety did you get out of your bed to
see if they was away so it was quite
what I was like a lot of people's
darkest you didn't sleeping oh you would
not be fuck huh when you're you snoring
we're not getting you any more you're
not that I did good time I'm good
Alex Aaron you're under fers awesome why
you look you liked it okay true fucking
drapes it this minute
this is the closer you get this human
being the moment of Apple he is on that
would you do the fucking the gulper
broke shit did you tell us what carry
yet know what so we had this go for
broke meeting that I didn't get the show
up for it was a very important meeting
but I was stuck in traffic for about a
couple of power-type and so basically he
told me like the meeting with terrible
and so I was so infuriated but it didn't
work out very well I was king all worked
up as shit and it's right at the end
he's gone I'm just fucking with you
so this whole time I'm thinking like
almost fuck these guys I'm going to burn
these people down
I don't like right next to the person
business of the total imbecile what if
you country conviction is child hope you
know that you some of the kids actually
give this a shake you
broken probably haven't read achievement
so that big-ass awesome transformer
semi-truck youth project everyone's
taking pictures of it and then that
big-ass Church rate banner or whatever
it backs straight into it and now
they're trying to figure it out I guess
and the girl fat cake fucking old man do
you think the biggest fucking jerk on
the whole island
ah
oh man she's pregnant you nemesis
carrier oh fuck did you fart nope oh
I'll let you know alright finally here
at our first beach we're about to sue in
what's the hell blue letters with the
name of the speech this Beach I believe
is a lack of hooky NACA Bay what about
you Davis I'll swing to the beach there
you go that's a bitch it really depends
how accurate we want to get yeah so I
like to speak the native tongue yes and
lots of hookie makka pakka makka way got
it alright I can't wait to go inside I
am burning my ass off over here but I'm
ready to jump in I'm so ready
what are you doing in there we're gonna
pee enough no I fucked up my ball I
thought I'm gonna play in the bush we
don't have people okay
look ready to go inside yep through the
water
it's very clear you finally made so far
this is technically the first day here
so I'm in the water right now wait if
I'm out there I'm already although you
ready to get in the water does it feel
great though compared to the hot set my
feet were burning so cool really amazing
look at this blue water it's so
beautiful my member going okay
you later the water feels amazing this
is what we come to Hawaii for for the
super blue and clear water but for some
reason everyone's still all the way up
there I don't know why you don't want to
come mother are you going to come in
why what I don't know what my best
talking about no I'm uh floating in the
water the deans coming the Dean has a
GoPro on is the water leaking through
your snorkel because of your moustache
it works good million Nadine was telling
me that once we put a snorkel ha you
didn't know if you could get our air
pipes the octave of his mustache
so there was water that might leak in
its water leaking in your must after you
you look so funny you look like a French
pervert Oh the model sold you came in
the water so happy calls from the other
cogitated smoke I don't want any fish
are the cause all for the baby baby hand
looks is like not acclimated and well
not just comfy
sighs yeah this is a hair yeah so it's
like mega cardio I'm going double time
right now I also know that you can't
really flex your core on the wave on the
fucking fuck what do you do yeah all
right so I got regular I just imagine
what it's like not to have any absolute
I say bitch my everyday life for the
past 30 years it's like just imagine
imagine the bullshit I don't have to
imagine
I thought some Fisher's mother oh yeah
are you know for not too many begin are
a couple okay are you guys time I saw
you guys on all YouTube I said I want a
ring tag whoo I'm another ring that I
call my peepee they pick that up cuz I
don't want that 10 you wanna pop em I
bet him that but I keep 11 like is it
still there's others that keep touching
all huh - sorry hopefully so dude you
just have very unique fingers get it
every time I know are you gonna summer
out you know what your feeling is what
our babies feeling he's in a sack of
water I just floating around I know but
it could swim it could breathe in water
I can't oh yeah that's true
lobby lobby lobby lobby I'm gonna try to
find some dish
this place isn't known I just totally
fucked it's more for hanging out
enjoying the blue water but in Hawaii
there's wildlife literally everywhere so
I'm gonna try to go down to the ocean
see if I can videotape some fish because
I love recording fish and coral you guys
later
how could anybody self-oscillation see
all just as
I got the deans tried to get the
beddings on his GoPro but he just get
keep these songs drawn by the way let's
just a cute
Oh
all right just finished swimming and now
we are going to fun to get some real
grub at this place that David
recommended called Ted's bakery check it
out
Bart's coming out a happiest boy alive I
knew you were going to combat Lee so
what does a wedding song took me so I
got half the chicken and I have another
delicious yeah let me eat it get garlic
shrimp
todrick that what is that I got Hawaiian
barbecue chicken so I asked them what
are their two most popular they said
Hawaiian barbecue chicken the garlic
shrimp okay but that looks like
everybody's you're doing money money
yeah look at that
okay can I help you with - I love your
beautiful yeah you always take it away
from people let them eat it bird we like
to eat it and still get food how come
you can't hear in the media
what are you another special - oh thank
you - payaso right now probably not go
ahead yeah mm-hmm tsunami flavored mmm
do not want ya is that like a secret
family enjoy okay yeah so even though
the plate lunch would have a bomb get
his head bakery they're known for the
price David put a condom and this is a
head bakery chocolate haupia cream pie
one of the ones that they're known for
a brand-new one I haven't ate it at all
yet I'm going to eat this for the first
time but the whole end was because I bet
eating it
hmmm good posture so flaky and the other
parts are so creamy and the other parts
are so yummy mom bear was very nice and
she left me some pumpkin it's still
pretty what is that oh thank you so the
production manager the horizon of these
fields hmm are you complement to the
better but so flaky so yummy and so
delicious
thanks for the recommendation never know
and then Waimea falls I was about to
talk about you so slimy to doing so much
mosquito repellent but because when
Waimea falls and when the botanical
garden hiking towards the waterfall and
what's up what I put it on but I'm still
safe yeah and I am I attract insects
like crazy I think I'm the most
delicious thing to them because I can go
on a museum you are thank you I can go
to a museum and get bit so as soon as we
came in here which is like literally the
jungle look this is a straight-up
fucking jungle ah beautiful in this
freaking jungle place I know I'm gonna
get bit already
Wow so I put on a ton I want to go in
there really you have to stay on trail
it says I don't read English okay if I
jump in but you're pregnant you can't do
crazy stuff that's beautiful huh so
we're like in this strike jungle habitat
right now work in astrology
it's like squirt it's a skort trail yeah
sorry you try be serious I'm just
fucking around
look we've had a good time we're not in
a great time India it is beautiful I
want to see what's the jungle books
poisoning Mowgli Mowgli I want to see
him like walking on that tree trunk I
thought I heard some monkeys earlier I
thought I heard it too
it's so beautiful crazy Wow
we need this in LA our vegetation stock
yeah stupid desert let's go we're losing
David he is not there anymore so we're
here and I got a ton of insect repellent
on because I could go on a museum and
get remember how we used to live in the
high-rise in LA I still used to get bit
and with it on the yeah and I lived on
the 22nd floor so we're going to just
hike do this Botanical Garden till we
get to the waterfall and this place is
there's a freaking sad ride fraud right
there holy crap yes I got mashed you can
even see it fuck that it neck
why'd you do that
I told you dude that's all mean yeah I
didn't do it well that sounds like you
know what you're swatting and all public
oh there you go let's get always smaller
not just relax man
be a mermaid all afternoon that's like
your heart looks totally different
oh yeah that was really nice that's one
thing I love love love about Hawaii is
how lush and green everything is so if
something's trying to be a plant it goes
all out to be a plan it doesn't have fat
being a plan it's not all brown but look
at this guy
look all freaking green and lush he is
and look at this guy look how bright and
green everything is they're great I know
one no plant is here trying to half-ass
being a fucking plan being all eyebrown
they just trying to live they're trying
to be the best plant they've ever been
come everything is green behind it it's
beautiful
I found out why he's fucking cheating
that motherfucker got fucking sprinklers
in this jungle that's why no wonder
everything's on the green cuz it's humid
and it's nice and hot and arranged and
you got sprinklers that's like steroids
for the jungle Chara freakin tricked me
mob bear look at this look at a skinny
tree that tree is so skinny and tall
it's like a faun dream how does it even
stay standing if you that yeah I got
baby
that's insane how do you stay standing
like that mmm physics physics physics
tells me this thing should fall down
fine god solder magic physic gotta math
I don't know I thought it was gonna be a
cancer a couple yeah physics Kadir magic
and I'm kind of now that you said
physics hey I'm kind of leaning towards
the magic oh god I believe magic so nice
so far so good I have not gotten bitten
even once so my entire coating my body
of the insect repellent has paid off
because you're back why I look horrible
yeah so you everyone has no you can't
see it with the camera but yeah everyone
has like fuzzy hairs right yeah let me
see yeah and you sprayed so much but
those fuzzy hairs or white really
burning it's covered in chemicals I
don't think you can I don't think wait
why are you going away when the Sun you
can't yeah I don't think so
Oh like yeah all right here I'll like
the teacher yeah oh yeah there it is but
at least I didn't get bitten yeah good
job because there's been times where I
spray my entire body except for that one
dry part and that one part gets bit and
that's such a rare commodity that
sometimes don't bite that and they'll
bite another thing on top of that so our
two mosquito bites on top of mosquito
bites on that one dry part so I am NOT
being paranoid when I say I need insect
repellent but so far so good
my bear we found the waterfall that's it
oh okay wait a minute wait a minute wait
a minute I walked my pregnant ass like
maybe five miles my feet are swollen my
back hurts
Oh to my hips and my feet are fucking
pain
that cannot be the fuckin waterfall
don't get me wrong it's gorgeous
when you're fucking walking pardon mr.
fucking Humpty Dumpty right now that's
not the shit you want to see okay you
want to be around more grand yes I
wanted it to be wowed for although what
if there's a spectrum over here looks
small but it's actually huge over there
I'm not stupid papa bear you could see
the people standing right next to the
waterfall and it's still very small
is it if I wasn't pregnant as he's
running to go in that water
but what's applause Hawaii sign I'm
sorry well they're okay I'm just kidding
a little bit you're kidding I know what
the fuck you would think that after such
a long hike that you would see a huge
waterfall but that's literally like
something that you could see anywhere
like in LA or anywhere else can I point
something out super random yeah can you
keep your arm up like that yeah the arm
up yes no a little bit lower kind of
where you were holding it like here yeah
oh yeah you're like suffocating this
fucking hair well it mean it's so yucky
and what we're talking about were what
what is it so wet and dripping well of
course I'm a freaking alpha male fine
problems are like any other machine the
Reiser a benefit or hazard so right now
we're at Matsumoto's shape I and it's a
pretty famous place in Hawaii
everyone's been recommending it do you
know what you want to get yeah so I was
going to go up a fossil exhibit set
you're gonna I saw that you're gonna get
the chops believe equivalent papaya yeah
with conventional kimochi I'm gonna cut
out the conventional some more cheese
cut out the papaya you can see Jonah
Peretti oh yeah cut out of apply and get
watermelon all right get your ice cream
maybe your ice cream oh yeah I think
what about the
no I want to ruin it fine you know what
you're going to get jump oh I don't even
think about what to get there's a whole
freaking table of flavors over there oh
no it's like the subway of shame bites
yeah you just go up in order and you
make your own ringing yeah um there are
certain flavors I always ask myself who
likes those flavors like why sugar-free
banana yeah or that's a funny flavor the
diabetic guy
yeah why do you eat shave ice I don't
know but I know for sure I gotta put
leaking on my shit oh it's not Hawaiian
shave ice unless you put leaking on it
that's true
what are you going to get David welcome
to I originally was forget the palpable
but I have two new flavors that I
actually do on a try swapping at the
ramen a peach and I'ma do guava and a
condensed milk Natsuki beans and ice
cream work on the bomb and that's about
it not to get Azuki bean any got a bit
no play a special the point is it
backward yes oh is it on the street it's
on the screen is this like the best in
Hawaii would you say duh it's one of my
favorites I actually like it better than
my Ola was my oldest viola in the middle
of City that's the place now yeah we've
the plate that we always go to at least
okay it's good there too but this place
I just like it a lot better
I don't know that's nice
Oh
mausoleum
if you get my bear I'm Alec was lava
could even understand a legal word is to
hit what am i little of e.coli guava
I got topical and then I got it with ice
cream also condensed milk and mochi up
in a international collection
I felt a lot of fear really put it it
may be absolute did you get a pregnancy
induced diabetes there's going to be a
saying you're very healthy and
responsible I am supporting you so you
can live vicariously through me hammer I
think this is so delicious I am so happy
this is really yummy compared to the
while replace the ice it's more soft and
it's a little bit more special which I
really really like and the mochi ball I
ate one of them
it was waterfall for like a friend I
think I have a cavity Oh No yeah cuz
like some parts of it are hurt but it's
too delicious to stop eating it I want
to try a little bit with the condensed
milk latte up no this one's softer I
think my little combo is rock-hard I
thought I was eating concrete where do I
ever want to fight fight fight fight but
never has sugar I think your memory is
like painted from incubating my bad
experience I do that but I'm pretty sure
while we might helping others with Allah
how much I bet though there's a sign in
that is 26 I'll bet you keep the Hellboy
2 though cuz I've been to multiple times
yeah but they got the sign if I can use
on what the hell was that alleged you
see those are sign enough that's his
number one best Hawaiian welcome aside
for violence as well inside the Hawaii
are number one that people to Taco Bell
here so that doesn't mean a lot nice
that's pretty fun we like Mexican on
bear watch really ok that was going to
show my
sorry for the idea see alright we are
back home and I think we are just going
to swim the pool what are you gonna do
papa
whoa you're over there oh I'll meet you
then look at these fancy asses damn
y'all were quick to come over here just
gonna jump in
yeah this could be my last tip for the
day to rinse all my worries away Nampo
it relax to the MEK to the max someone
how come you're not gonna jump in that's
all you need to say cheer was ice-cold
what not fun anyway before the
terrorists came up obviously before more
she gets crazy over here thank you so
much for watching hope you guys enjoyed
today another day in Hawaii with more
see you guys tomorrow
