I'm on the free kick line cool guess
while we're at the airport cuz we're
gonna Hawaii hey he's got a mama yeah
super excited I'm excited and so after
the cold psh sexy BAM I'm like yes for
now my hammock we're gonna go through
the whole ordeal yeah we just got
through the TSA and it was pretty crazy
this time cuz there's these couple and
there's an older couple and I don't
think they travel very much so they each
had like three or four carry-on bags and
then they had all kinds of stuff that
they weren't supposed to have and ma
bear called it shows I think they're
going to get checked and it held up the
whole line so now my back is all sweaty
because I was putting all my shoes in a
rush going through everything in a rush
and everything was all crazy I kind of
wish that they had three lines where
they can check your passport to see how
much you travel it could be more serious
line a beginner lines and people that
are just ready to just fly through what
do you think yeah I agree I think that's
what this here the free TSA is that's
what we need to get on I know we're
going to get on that because we travel
so much we just know the drill where
life and my family oh we're done yeah I
have my shoes off while I'm waiting in
line already
and I already empty out all my pocket so
when I walk through I have nothing I'm
literally like a naked man underneath
boat seriously saying I already know
that my laptop makes it now
you need to come off site like plan
accordingly but now that everything is
calm down do you feel happy about going
to Hawaii now no I'm not happy until I
sit down and I'm into playing online
okay if I may ask you here what's all
this mess up and all mob is very hungry
this has to see this little baby right
here yeah nothing is perfect it's how
she gets her yummy food and start down
on the plane yeah then I'll come I'll
come over feeling what to get on the
plane anyway but I'm not gonna be happy
as though yeah no I'll be completely
happy I love you look at all these yummy
bagels what should I get
Dilma get the maple they were making out
with the cinnamon so hurry love you here
for it wait what are you getting some
maple pepper melt and then a finale 800
gained exactly I'm saying both of them
oh shit a real Madi yeah you little
fatty Magoo Eddie not good luck
yeah it's not a public call goodbye
dick ghetto if I drink some well I'm
really thirsty I don't pay for you no no
I'm really thirsty I'm gonna try anyway
minutes before anyway so don't you know
it's going to be doing don't smell it
give me this give me the water yup in
mind that was my that was my gosh
don't fucking you know what people were
an animal I'm gonna animal
imabelle Wow
the two maples have Burbank you know
another really good like Republic on one
subject he recommends make you yeah
that's how am i eating so much here can
you tell me how you found out about JK
news oh my daughter my daughter Talia
yeah coffee bean too much Sun for
California and she's one of the biggest
fans of that have taking you she watches
all your awesome why you're in the video
and then posted cinnamon raisin I
changed my mind and I got a cheese
danish look at this thing what are you
doing what are you doing
I thought you guys were in first class
oh no oh we wish our you go blog with
that disturb yeah I got the GoPro now
it's more maneuverable ha yo Ernie on
the phone now we're getting pretty
oh haha I wish you guys get ciabatta
okay to the airport lounge with me
I know but we we don't have a pre-check
so look a long time yeah there's one
person or one of us yeah like you like
my long hair the beans over there right
there maybe Holly other
all right I feel a little sweeping okay
aureus late what are you talking about
my own pretend you're not there no
paparazzi you know I just had heard it
from reckon see what recipe you've got
the scrambled egg I that means I have to
you guys later
dude do you know what David's coming yes
I think even earlier than that
oh wow okay so he's waiting for us I
think it's like like an hour before
oh we're watching movie yeah probably
that's all I have right now I think
because we can't get all like internet
or anything on though LD say that
there's Wi-Fi it's really bad see you
later all right Bob
nothing is lower finally finally
excreted by bodily Lu let's get that's
about it yeah Butthead yeah I only a
cheddar cheese I believe what you think
Tommy are gonna get the mixed maple
missus it is a second oh yeah this is it
Wow you know being on this plane I feel
so relaxed
and the music he is nice and cool and
their plan is very calm : music I don't
know why all airplanes don't just keep
the AC nice and cool and out nice I love
Hawaiian air my Eric you're watching it
already feels like you're in Hawaii a
little bit because it's all nice and
cool and breezy is never breathing right
now but I have a fucking thing
but it's never Airy in a plane it's also
stuck being warm and hot and this music
is like I could already hear the way
miss played
yeah you got the legroom one thank you I
love that when you're pregnant we fly
I like watch me oh that you look like
home-cooked Italy how do you feel potato
now that we're out in the open I feel
alive again I'm back with my people your
people and uh i'ma call my people
alright cuz we like to feel I don't keep
I feel like I'm only halfway there cuz
the other half I can stick my feet in
water okay look at this we're not there
bulky and then we go inside the water
yeah we're still wearing clothes we're
halfway there
the sun's beautiful the palm trees are
beautiful how do you feel Jess I am very
happy to be here but I'll be more happy
tomorrow when I sleep Jimmy slept two
hours oh wow I'm excited everybody go
trip she gets too excited
Oh chick at me because she's like I
can't sleep is expression I get I can I
like I like Joe's version what's your
bird is it gonna be just as exciting not
okay it's gonna be really sad and boring
go ahead fuck you fuck you you may not
tell your to there with Oreo right what
a jewelry sleeps two hours if I get a
travel anxiety yeah
my story's better exciting sometime oh
you said something different is exciting
is it anxiety it is quite a travel
butterfly what is it phone hello
David always be buying shit we're gonna
go another to go where's your GoPro
always bye where's your gold Oh water
why don't we put the real story as you
have for oldest full five dollars the
GoPro like once a year right I have four
because I already shoot a car thing but
I just happened to buy a lot I'm gonna
party did you put out huh well what
happened was it turned out just a lot
more complicated and I'd leave it it to
be so I was gonna let him use one and I
told him do not buy another one I got
you
welcome behold what did he do he buys a
brand new one I need I'm gonna get I
have one for you but you didn't tell me
let me borrow the good one it's still
the same footage either way the foot is
exactly the same no but we are very
quickly issue better here's the
confidence and self-esteem think your
party has that occasion I can't be
distance self-esteem like that yes your
self-esteem of Qi that's your problem
you have no reason self-esteem that's
what your acidity
why'd you get that camera they like to
get that is it better more than real
inner issues or pain yeah I fifty frames
so a lot of the time low camera is on
replacing a lot of the cameras all of
them all of them I saw one of them oh
yeah so I only use two lenses down to
this camera and I thought I really do
like the articulating spring we smoked
most deerforce oh my downside to this
there really isn't much actually really
like I mean it's a Micro Four Thirds
sensor
I don't know that you guys knew about
that shit no a big problem but basically
marks camera here has sensors fitted in
mind and there the whole place is bigger
than that so the figure a lot of people
your shit looks like shit David yeah
what the hell is that mean so you know
how you when you see people like
Berkeley just like fucking throw shit in
the no no no let me finish you put the
camera on me let me fucking finish it so
you know people like Bart right we're a
bunch of fucking monkey the primates
they just clump shit up and throw in the
bag I actually like my should organize
so I had this thing of the spindle it
was actually a kickstart a wild ride but
a rapid report should be easy where do
you get all these no clips you getting
divisive see what happened was desire to
God but I don't got to worry about this
big butt anymore but this I found not a
good start
I'll go and look at it that's located
okay how much is that huh how much is
this this is like humble family goodness
right so my shit is fucking all fucked
up 50 where is it
my dementia question do I'll try to be
healthy okay what you because I'm trying
to be healthy I know I said I I am I am
ready healthy anybody messy and then
you're gonna fucking film what you eat
later watching
I am let's see like look at my court
Diana look at this this has my name on
it
bitch why not put your navel Oh feel
this you put my name
awesome I lose it I'll say that and I
have fun on my firm
label-maker home yeah
like that no liar liar
okay oh look a yoke again I'll cope you
like eggs
why don't you grab a loser no I have a
guy on he doesn't like it you're so gay
bro oh cool
what'd you get okay with like isolate
you have two weird like a maximum
depressing or the haircutter chicken ala
just looks like that if you get in
between the bacon Oh BLT with Turkey oh
cool yes Oh
at the top so it is mandatory when you
first land in Hawaii the first thing you
have to do is go to the National
Monument oh my god you're sending so
many people which is hippies depends a
national treasure
oh I got one
oh there's a making I don't know why for
me I got one to cut in half I know you
want to eat yummy stuff later okay I
thought forward we get what kind of how
to get the num-nums an amount perfect
but later we get to eat more perfect in
too many emails yeah just got on Airbnb
house still waiting to meet up with a
person but maybe we can get a little
sneak peek woo was a nice little
courtyard over here nice my bear found
the top what are the top three things
that are awesome about this huh oh very
spacious mom it's the outside has a pool
and then the courtyard like really big
would you get mad if I took my shirt off
and start a tiny get mad just wait I
wouldn't get mad I know I put it away I
want to feel this one all right do
whatever I don't know you have to ask me
I like getting a permission from
everything makes me feel happy and
supported well does it matter because
then I tell you no and you do it anyway
I'm not gonna do it so she said nothing
I told you not to drink the water this
morning so champion I know about
flirting with you at that time
well you're not gonna get any why cuz
that's the wrong way to flirt okay fine
I'm not I'm gonna not take my shirt off
and we'll get some later
obviously I do get some yeah we walked
into the house damn that's a huge ass
courtyard damn that's some kung fu space
no we need to see Mart what you mean
that camera showed them your fucking
martial art skills right now bro where
you gotta put me on the clock you know I
got through this I'll do try to you then
that oh hey Mindy you're in a giant opal
you know not many cell phone I should
slap in yourself you gotta move
good fucking company now you gotta do
the move on to the giraffe what hand you
down what's the fins you guys I'm doing
the whole spin around you you gotta move
I bought I'm uh
now you got me all sweaty now to
continue the tour of the house out of
breath you just open doors until
they supposed to go back because I wanna
check up though they just cleaned it
I'm looking mushrooms off respect Tommy
respect
where'd you come from did you see the
tool back there ooh
that's my te daré essential I see I'm a
father to these what's the next place
you want to go I'm all right okay let's
go no I
who is it all the only jokin bookshelf
this is really nice I think you're in a
share of it god damn it it was there sir
Danny another's ball it Oh what it's a
built-in living room holy shit that's
nice
yes there's a built-in baby room holy
moley
this is shoe hmm damn
nice shower data and juice it's freaking
UK what is this it's also the doctor
who's that is that outdoor shower you
know I love taking a shower so if you
pull out that what is it
what did you find oh hey bedroom oh is
this connected
yeah no it's not I love window ledges
like that this house so far it's very
beautiful every house that Martha picks
it's usually really really nice really
airy feels good there's AC thank God
because it's hot today
into the kitchen I'm still cleaning oh I
need to kind of straight don't are the
island ooh
Joe's already chilling by the pool
chillin by the pool fighting okay bring
it in man yeah yeah
lemon Ravens not that is the pool you're
the water not gene why the warm
it's nice hey guys are jumping Reena Go
Go hey Mon Ami and a camera that's not
the camera but that smell I know I got
all kinds of probably speaking Sava Taj
me Oh watch out I know down bar with the
back what is chilly
oh it's nice it's chilly really oh I
love this place is huge very spacious I
like it Jeff it's nice there are a lot
of greenery so should we just unpack and
jump in the or in love outdoor showers
always scrub my ass an outdoor shower
I love outdoor showers it feels so good
when I get my dream house I want an
outdoor shower our house right now is
too small to have it but something like
this would be awesome that's all right
though okay I don't want to go into
someone else's house look at justice
dance is funny
yep that's the house are we going to
change and swim or what what's the
dealio what's the dilly-o of the what's
the dilly-o of the focusmaster
what's the dilly-o of the program
supervision program for 25 i'm with a
jack enough
and finally the feeling of being in
Hawaii is complete
we walked straight from our path to the
ocean in under two minutes
oh my goodness this was beautiful how
can all of Hawaii look like a
straight-up screensaver palm trees and
little Lagoon little water we're just
going to chill and relax and this isn't
even one of the like specialty beaches
where you get to go snorkel or anything
this is just the regular Beach that's in
a neighborhood so now we're just going
to hang out have a good relaxed time and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
are you getting the water mother you're
gonna get bring the baby into the Hawaii
water for the first time yes possible
okay
see you guys
