why are you so excited what do you want
to show me but getting the concrete put
in oh yeah debug morning
look at that
why are we getting this concrete put in
we're getting the concrete put in so we
can put a Jacuzzi on top and why do we
need a jacuzzi why are we so luxurious
the Duke levy is a February statistics
and they say marriages last longer
I've heard of the term happy husband
happy life that doesn't exist there's a
very famous term happy husband happy
life and so the husband is it Jacuzzi to
be happy you get happy life which means
happy wife
well who's paying for the jacuzzi you or
the husband or the wife is
oh yeah happy wife hi everyone yeah
that is all others I mean at least we
didn't loser our little patch of grass
which is good another big patch of on
that side it still call that big and
then I hear I'm lucky I'll show you the
big he's talking about
it looks nice to do such reporters a big
ol hole as soon as you walk into nothing
I can keep it well for now until a big
block of water bucket put in there okay
so that's CUNY looks great you did a
great job picking people thank you looks
very neat this is the massive big block
of grasped parts talking about Ricky
huge look at this stand on our big grass
I might lose you though
alright guys keep a good eye on him
because it gets deep you won't be able
to see him once he's on it I think he
disappeared we can't see you anymore
it's too big no dead on it do I still
see him
fine this Kimmy but what you could be
for really it's for mainly it because we
all know that I'm Olympic athlete yep
and so when I train really hard
I like hiding my body recover and I got
used to it as downtown LA apartment but
when I came here all cooling out a
bathtub was big but then every time I
fill it up and then I got a drain and
fill it up and drain that kind of like
it's wasting money so I'm like I want to
waste money every day so I was like I
might as well get to koozie you fill it
up once and you put a little bit Corinne
in there and then you could just lay in
there forever do and it's less wasteful
so that's what I think I want to waste
water like one whole freakin like
bathtub big of water three times a week
gotcha okay justified purchase justified
that's my Megan patootie right there I
was kind of freaking out as we were
talking about my oh shit we left this
door open what is state uh-huh and walk
all the concrete it'll look really cute
anyway look at you fine you don't even
want to put your name on it good I don't
have to do okay I did have my alt/option
go forever
- but I saw it in super CUNY
no not now that you'd be like fuckin
asshole alright let's go shoot some JK
me why
we just heard about how Barclays is
asked is this one philosophy I have it
all out with motherfucker please is
asking all this money you have it like
yeah why is your ass itch e you never
told me was itchy for a month straight
yeah just keep on I don't know it's just
been uh III wash my butthole really good
I stick my finger in like a periscope
like a submarine I guess I'll go around
and then sometimes my butt just itches
again so I'm just I don't know what's
going on
I put soap in my butthole I don't it
just itches I don't know if it's like in
my leaking gastric juices or have you
guys ever seen somebody try to cut a
butternut squash with a dull knife no
what is it butter lettuce like what do
you watch his ass what is that like that
he wipes his ass like seriously that's
how we that's how he washes his face
rubs his eyes
ah brush his teeth we know I know I know
why though
I actually learned hygiene personal
hygiene from my grandparents my
grandparents they're from the
countryside right and so they didn't
live in the city so I used to brush my
teeth the way my grandpa tells which
brushes use at the kitchen sink it goes
like this and when it's not from aghanim
enough but now living in the city you
realize you just go oh that right but
then so my grandpa has it oh my grandma
she washes her facial and then I think
that's how I learned how to wash my face
and my body absolutely Asian thing my
dad washes his face like that - like you
son rip out his eyebrows yeah yeah yeah
yeah that's heart that's why you're a
grandparent can't raise you don't fuck
your shit up and not really makes fun of
me
my grandparents taught me I only make
fun of the way you wipe your ass and
everything else you trying to kill your
eyebrows or kind of rub your eyes balls
out I learned all that stuff never mind
funny you on the eyeball thing we're
worried about you when you run your eyes
your fingertip goes to go you hear it's
like can't just finish
i surgery and then he's rubbing it like
crazy I'm like dude the flaps everything
papa
oh my god I'm so terrible oh man you're
so extreme about everything everything
in red water yeah do you see what he
eats he has to move his face like an
inch away from his plate and then he
starts scooping it in his mouth and inky
hovers over his food like this cookie
doesn't I don't know I feel like he
thinks people are gonna just take it
away from him and I tell him like that
would yours keep it I don't want any
nothing I just feel like I'm I like to
eat and it's foods very delicious I try
to eat with passion no David eat with
passion when he eats you can tell when
he genuinely likes it he's quiet he's
smelling it he chews and then he
breathes through his mouth and he's like
thinking of all the ingredients and he's
taking his time and he appreciates it
even takes a picture of his food when he
thinks is beautiful that's normal I do
really like to go yo all my favorite
stuff came in dude what did you find
totally not gonna buy it you're beside
the camera listen Linda listen you fuck
me up
you fuck him up kid Oh what did you buy
so much about so much okay let's just go
through this real quick let me let you
know how to buy entertainment for your
cat this motherfucker Texas aim now
keeping you in mind because I love you
thank you and I remember that you talked
about how we spent money on useless shit
of it alright great never use this
district solid great this is something
that you can use it'll last you forever
that doesn't cost as much as this then
he countered he counters my comment
would be most expensive shit on earth
and I thought you know that's a high-end
consumer stuff right and I was like well
this over here is comparable to it but
it's not as much he goes now put it in
his car on my cool alright well these
are the matters that are pretty dope
that are really good that can last you a
long time and it's all about sharpening
it and it's not really so much about the
feels as good as thank me going kuu he
counters me here but these other guys I
mean those are amazing knives but those
are pretty fucking expensive he goes I
keep put to this card so I tried my best
now because
I am the one that's kind of creating his
list of kitchen guided I can't not have
kitchen gadgets if he gets away yeah
yeah I'm saying that's just a law of the
land I get it it doesn't make sense
because I cannot be the master if I
don't have the tools it doesn't make any
sense fine so I decided to reinvest into
my kitchen so what important the
photographer or the camera it is the
photographer then why are you letting my
camera intimidate you okay listen to
this though I gave all my cooking stuff
to my brothers because we would be San
Diego great oh alright another thing so
yesterday we'll do you city so yesterday
he was talking to eyebrow who was
talking to but then he ended up saying
before I even say what he said I'm gonna
go back to what David told him David how
many pots did he need to buy like
realistically how many does he need he
used the one stock pot one small one and
that's really about two right yeah okay
and how many did he ended up buying he
bought the whole fucking set yeah so
he's talking to this person I think it
was a case here someone and he goes he
tells them he's like yeah man like
honestly I want to buy all the other
stuff you'll need two pods and I'm like
that's what David told you why did you
spend all this money like Dave isn't
always talking about this motherfucker
I've told it because like even though so
I gave my brother all my stuff right but
generally for the cooking that I do I
have one cast-iron skillet and I have
one pot and I could almost do everything
with it almost everything I say about
like 70% of the stuff that I need to get
cooked that I eat on a regular basis I
could deal with those two things a knife
in one cutting so the stuff that I did
buy is more for like specialized things
right so if I want to create bigger
batches like stop so I got a bigger
stockpot I got I gave my brother all my
pans except for my cast-iron pans which
I absolutely love and I just got a
skillet and then some small pots yeah
yeah so generally I bought probably
about like 30 or 40 things that I needed
to get and I think like I still spend
less money than other two things which
keep the difference is there's people
that buy things because they use it and
then there's me wrappers you know like
what's the point of having your what's
the point of having a clock with a
fucking gold rope around your neck
there's no point of that right because
you can't climb anything with that rope
and if you really want to tell time you
got to watch or your phone so for me I'm
trying to stunt on all the motherfucking
Martha Stewart's out there when other
moms come over to my house I get to bang
on their asses
look at my motherfucking pot
motherfucker and then all the moms get
held is scared I pulled out my cutting
board friends know I pulled out my
cutting board made out of cypress wood
and moms already go oh shit
better recognize and they bounced so I'm
trying to gang bang on all the soccer
moms out there and I don't know what's
up so look who we have today awesome
yeah I know yet everyone always talks
about our dinosaur egg special yeah and
he brought a sword is that super sharp
is actually really sorry are you gonna
show me how sharp every ugly let's see
go Paul yeah my child Tim wait it's
gonna come at me oh I'm gonna go
supplies we're always oh god a knife
slices right oh my oh my gosh sharp Adi
yeah right fucking through it that's
fucking crazy
that is awesome I didn't feel like you
guys got it's a it's a hotdog Hamza yeah
we called you yeah yeah I think you are
a big boy do it again yeah he sliced it
in the air and his art let's uh did you
guys like a shaving cream bottle and you
yeah but it's let's just say I'll tie
the end side right
we're can't where can people see this
video that you're about to do she's
gonna forget your job good luck not this
life is what's that oh yeah you watch
out yeah you need to move out of the way
all right
let's not that bad boy oh let me talk to
you right yeah uh-huh I'll keep your eye
on it
yeah hold off to that floor yep please
please do 301 oh look at that oh look at
that
it's perfect nobody likes it I was
jumping out slicing things underwater in
my pool with this I like that this can
take a finger off you take a full letter
you got about some shaving cream you're
going to do it yeah try it got me a lot
see we can use we got a lot more hammer
we got weapons
God you got I usually run so many
weapons we have person witness do it hey
so check out JK news we did a couple bit
we talked about some lots of life we did
it by jacking off oh I can't for no no
no keep porn should we use this to hold
the shaving cream yeah perfect what was
this awesome say like great hi good I
want to but I'll protect my my baby
well hotel for reals is far far now did
you guys sharpen it where it came going
hey I'm sorry I'll wait being I'm sorry
burning it oh shoot all right let's do
it then
oh my god our neighbors will never get
used to this
now we are on a break and a break with
the Dudesons means I'll bring another
box around town
- yeah I think that'd be cool for the
miniature Vikings
you gotta use that you gotta use the
Viking to come back so you call this is
the I just brought out I like it
my log when you guys come over I love
when you guys whoa this is awesome cream
non-dairy creamer do you think we should
have in lingerie party what do you guys
think um in the comments deuces aw Jake
you party air now I feel like we're
gonna get fucking trolled and pranked
and reached out because they're so
extreme they like to finish jackass like
they're fucking awesome you never heard
of them please look them up but let's
see what they're about to do everyone
yeah okay yeah yeah will you get any car
all the way yeah I'm ready yeah hey guys
you guys I feel like Finland all of us
on it
I love my Hugh look this is beautiful
baby knows break-in before looking what
how that pays gray you know always a
yeah see what I do that is amazing good
job Joe it was it looked epic I look
really caught this little gadget yeah I
do yeah
Oh stay there now for everyone else to
try I don't know they give you okay yes
great a weekend your little paint on you
guys but uh should I thought it did so
just do one maybe just do what God
Anaheim SWAT hot yeah okay to do it
right back well we just wait and I have
it like you just be close right now but
the baby you can smell breakfast yeah
lucky me climate of blood that's true so
if there's wind blowing in the in that
direction I just go for the walk
chopping loma slow loud I lean on the
baseball bat day i like to you guys a
grid
Oh Samaras only back there what oh yeah
just a bear damn it's just crayon there
have we been here Bart you are crazier
you let me see Z so good yeah I'm so
glad you guys brought this is so awesome
they love you so much right now they
love you so much right now I would be a
water bottles last part
Scelzi tomatoes and and that yeah it
looks crazy or no you're good like that
but now it went away
yeah that's so cool are you good time
yay are you gonna jump that what's in it
it's non-dairy creamer eyes it look like
a toy liquor all done what'd I do
I just want like a baseball bat and
another you can play your way ha ha ha
oh my god I don't let it go to please
everyone back in nine years
oh yeah oh yeah yeah edge dog if you
don't you do you mindful of the edges
that cuz I can tell where you just want
it cooking like so right now he's just
wrong so be mindful of the edge on a
path with that woman you deserve
these filter wasn't on everything was
all blow yeah you got it
hold on to the sword
wait why this way it goes up we need all
the other guys are going yeah no no the
same way oh yeah what the hell of a
block in case of pleasure please this is
regular site put my hands closer yeah
you know what
just don't let it go let's do the coke
can anywhere I make the call can look we
could do a couple we can you like mr.
Kolchak just called all of em in there
well how about the for sure no more
hunters yeah that's the one with the
warmer you guys should do the Warhammer
oh yeah yeah honest book is the cock
cock should I put it this way or this
way
how we going different on that should it
be on the Apple boxes because isn't the
a box gonna break shouldn't be on the
floor she's gonna hit the kool Kat okay
come on walk through
I'm gonna do it like that oh this is
different from your land - yeah yeah no
we're a Viking that's why we plop now
you're gonna batter you're gonna chop it
well you want it I feel ridiculous all
on it yeah ready ready oh I called it
your caller I called it rule we gotta
order another I'm very good at you know
it's like a Viking stuff yeah that
someone's head you just crash nobody
runs it up I would uh reserve screaming
Viking sense car you gotta get into what
I called it though it's been plain that
we should do like three or something who
else you want to go for the who didn't
fly I would love to but I'm like I'm
getting this like earlier I don't know
if I'm so blog honest life triples life
yeah however I can handle that don't
hate all the animes you believe me okay
hold up don't let go I'll tell me why
like not letting go
yeah don't let it go don't let it go
Julia don't need that much power you
just want to hit it clean look after my
god
let's go for a quick oh my god oh shut
up
all right God Julia hurry hold onto the
sword follow through everything
yeah good job
okay you know what actually smashing
things right laughing hey that's are you
spare a particle that's therapy for me
yeah awesome you know whole room Hey in
the JK party we should all just bring
our weapon of choice and destroy us a
whole lot of time yeah I think that's a
great idea
smash party up never party up oh there
is my shaving cream can or okay um now I
wonder if it'll cut through the duct
tape but I don't even know if it'll
how'd it go about that well that's why I
brought this because I don't know I
thought we could if we had it like that
we should go to chop through it or would
you send it flying we'll see I want to
do another one one
there's our shaving cream okay to do
this hookers shit
you are so brave I'm in sufficiently it
is very sharp that's also a lot here
from little logic going and there's
nothing like anything yeah I might just
move it
well you did get into it a little bit
did it go through ah holy love that
thing is sharp oh wow that's how sharp
it is like this thing doctor can take
anything yeah
wow that's crazy man boy let's do it if
it's like this another drop no I'll try
this oh there you go all right here we
go take it to the limit
Wow took a piece of the stock right now
like what
I'm sorry Hanzo I blame you for I'm
sharpening my sword
that's so crazy you guys got it at a
ninja store yeah names the store in the
leg I want to go whoa look at it dan
that's a clean cut that speaking clean
guru that is so cool
I want to take it you of another shaving
cream I want to get blown up again
just not home
part is currently pooping I just gave
Wrigley her medicine and all of a sudden
I just got hungry again so because I'm
getting hungry
I'm going to have a little snack even
though I literally just got back for me
that's so funny um I'm having some honey
bunches of oats and it's pretty damn
good this is one of my favorite cereals
to be honest mm-hmm I like to drink it
with this milk just once bars cause you
got toast intolerant this is one I guess
I only care about the brand I always try
to get organic I'm fat-free I'm just not
a fan of um of milk I like the way it
tastes I can't drink it by itself but I
do like it when it's paired with a
dessert or cereal and now what it is I
like it to be super ice cold and like it
to be as watered-down as possible so I'm
gonna finish this and enjoy it
I went for Bart to finish pooping I
don't know why I have to wait for him
but I just feel like I need to wait for
him for some reason
so the Pagar has finished pooping and I
knew I needed to wait for him for
something I just didn't know what I was
waiting for you better know why I'm glad
to because you want to show me what so
the concrete I think is uh almost raw
what the hell happened
got stuck or something hey I want to
wake up the neighbors good with the meth
business but I don't know country it's
almost dry they still have the plywood
things on so
all right keep the form yeah so you know
they still have to come and take those
off but overall
I don't have shoes damn it
they did a good job they put a training
here uncle they thought like you know if
I would up and got my Jacuzzi they don't
just want the water just go over the
place yeah betrayed it was a look you
can't write on it or do anything because
I was thinking you'd be CUNY to have pop
wait pretty hard well shit maybe it
baked in the Sun yeah okay that's line I
think they left it so should we take the
tool off occurred burger man sir they
see it cool
you like it you happy with the work yeah
they made it extra thick so the jacuzzi
could have support and religious craft
so with jacuzzi for those waters or it'd
be pretty heavy they said yeah I'm
pretty happy I think once you can take
this trash can off actually look pretty
good grasp concrete instead of grass
into a hole
yeah browser conference yes it just
looks weird concrete grass concrete why
is the grass there might as well did to
concrete the whole way if I picked a
public speaker you ready to go sleep
little princess yeah huh
I wasn't talking to you Oh is your head
still hurt
yeah sorry how my phone let's just do
okay it's been itching for a month
couple books photos going on are you
serious yeah except uh I don't know is
it like what kind of itching like you
didn't wipe your butt copper be edgy
like a cop bit by mosquitos it you wanna
get a chat sure I mean this is
discomfort it's just you're in there
well now you're changing it you said
it's been itching for months next thing
here and there
well it comes in and out so like
sometimes you have leaky but I did like
the gastric juices just coming on my
bitch yeah we new wife Israel is your
tissue clean their dirty quickly oh I
don't know why it would itch then not
only good check all the houses in my
butthole me neither who put them there
library well there you go case in point
did you do it did it really scared me
okay so we're going to keep that
bullshit every time I walk in you might
rescue about to fall
midget ponies D repel flies buzzing
muffled walkie Bulldog kids 20 min on
the back of your pot wait a minute I'm
in a pot you can put it on the back of
your part of the cute layer of a second
oh this is such a stretch stuff all
Cheryl jealous boy attention attention
was fine
get stumble up did not only about two
hands like that up TT it's like you're
busier on some turntables now they're
going to say oh you rather up unit melt
on day for the person the bottle of that
crazy I didn't get a breather Brady get
egregious oh wait no no is it okay for
real you're going to thank you very good
listener good girl good girl good girl
be good to me good girl bring it girl
Ricky Oh take it back Ricky take it back
get it back pretty I'm coming okay I'm
going to bed because my middle Pitino
has said good night just making sure you
could turn off all the lights
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you guys enjoyed my day of Jake and
news with the Dudesons
um and I can't wait to Sherman tomorrow
with you you know
