alright guys yesterday I had to cut that
vlog short just because it had a
horrible migraine for literally two days
and I think it was just basically due to
me being pregnant and all the hormones
that are happening because I never get
migraines but I didn't want to cheat you
guys from a really cool thing because
today I am going to visit my doctor and
I'm going to get an update on our baby
and guess who cave the homie chip yeah
yeah the Coon epi potato yay with the
potato potato I don't know we could call
each other's potatoes because it's cute
I don't know we turned it to potato now
I get this season I know you know what
Bart said he goes you go sneaky ass tip
she just wanted to cause she could see
the gender of the baby I'm like she's
not like that and I'm like but that is
fucking smart
this is that way you came no but I was
thinking about it I was like all men may
be like ultrasounds Henniker like the
doctor might like that flip up the
genders but I wonder though we're not
that smart
how was not pregnant
Phoebe's of elegant green she got to you
freaking sneaky snake now you know what
the gender is your interface to before
they'd even said it finished adulterer
John she was like how's that and then
the lady said you have to keep it a
secret it says I want to end up these
awesome looks Langer I'm like this is
why I don't even care because she was
like the reaction I really care what
they care about your appearance
my parents and then just if nothing I
don't care about everyone else but it's
like everyone else sees it like oh it's
baby like it's like oh cool you guys
they don't have like a bigger attachment
to it I was cute huh
daliyah Cena usually around 20 weeks to
be usually around like 12 to like 13
ounces yeah our baby teen with a bigger
head baby comedy she reminds me of
someone I know everything
yeah gonna be the big head - not me not
on you mean the muscles you see the
biceps on that time the biases on that
guy is creepy
values everything's developing normally
how do you feel feels awesome about to
sawed off his fingers you kept print up
the P side the whole time
sukkah CUNY I'm just glad everything is
working properly and like on my biology
classes yeah paid off that I knew was
just how much notice a criminalist elbow
and then I she's looking for the four
chambers in the heart I know what that
is is just looking for the yeah all
those things I'm cool I'm glad you two
wanna thank each other's words no no he
might was a bit in my arm so my mom
called me and she's only gently like
self aware and stuff should have also
called past like a knife she's a lot of
is either tired like let me just let him
on what did it this time I was like
11:00 at night and then she took me
she's a carrier you busy are you in a
meeting drunk
unlike caller like he knows she's like
hey what's up everything alright good
yes I'm watching party with a guy why
not like what if you mean your baby's
normal words what your mother's cracking
up strangers you can't Rob lapping let's
bowl Lord qual and then I'm like you're
just as bad as her I'm like right now
Jose Torres is winning are like this
name is no you can't name work come on
you gotta be blinded right you're not
raising that's why me I was never
expected you know what ever really cool
okay like mom are you drunk you happy
yeah I just made me happier she was
happy I didn't I don't want to first of
all Allah be with you she was cracked
it was expunging shared 2019 yes
laughing how come everyone keeps us
living with the boy I don't know could
we haven't told him Anna dreams she had
a dream that it's just easy to say like
his his doctor appointment is whatev
it's harder to say she you want I think
could you want to bring to how we
usually ask okay so when people don't
want to be medicine
did you just a he or him versus pips or
collection.you is Mexican moms when we
have a dream like that it whatever they
saw that doesn't happen even though like
vultures on wood stains otherwise be
like no no no their father Don Avenue
well your mom said we're having a monkey
she did well she called him Mighty Mouse
what about Mighty Mouse I might want to
stop you can name it she had a game
about a little monkey purchases the
Monaghan that's definitely coming from
West Side in the hair I thought you had
a minor look at my arm
co-op you see the you cheater
limits your pubic face oh that's
terribly bushy yep you got age one okay
ma okay
you also have hopeful called an Asian
finding without echogenic folk site
inside as art when I basically a bright
spot inside art okay and that happens
usually because there's a muscle inside
the heart everything's up five percent
of you know people have that in their
whole design finding not a big deal
okay is it a good thing or a bad thing
about finding was it the finding there's
no glitter matters of dealing with it
okay okay
when we have a negative mi TV screens
that's your return to 21 okay that tells
us everything is normal
okay okay so is everything is normal
that means these findings mean
absolutely nothing look if you had not
had ads and IPG screen done and probably
would suggest getting it definitely know
that everything is okay okay but wait
you said this was common in Asian people
married young oh no that was he is on
Aging people do
it's a sparkle in the heart no reason oh
because if it echoed genic focus so
never ultrasound was looking for
brightness all right so it's issued as a
little bit brighter in size a hard and
usually syllables Asians are stars very
excellent and now you're halfway through
the pregnancy yeah baby from before to
double inside this Monday you know all
sense be there okay that'll be for baby
bump gets there now at home works okay
this is my normal homework they give
everybody so it finally was normal
homework is a growth stronger shop if
you want to do it now because later on
to the pregnancy and they can do all
didn't work oh yeah and I put on the
stroller that you don't want good let's
do it later on to the pregnancy I'm
gonna get some practical training with
no car me we're in class black yeah all
of her do it now okay okay 20-inch rims
looking away it's okay to do the earth
stuff you can get a nice title bag that
way yeah yeah if I queued open all those
bags have many pockets they do and
they're very functional
you know you might would get your your
man died by now okay they tiger little
okay go see amber with it we should have
to be person yeah no but that could be a
paper bag it just needs a little diaper
okay size diaper bag and a white but is
it worth making of it okay so you don't
need to have an X pay first
cool okay nurses enough of ocular stones
yeah example okay so a siphon that other
things to consider we do
the registration taking coursework okay
also hot little registration is on so
that's actually a piece of paper you
send in with all your demographic
information over to the hospital and
then they'll send your those back within
a couple of months and yeah we got it
wouldn't what do I find this project
that was in your barely back we didn't
think so
I did not look at my okay okay but look
at it okay all those enzymes
everything's gonna a lot of stuff
assessment okay your prescription for
your breast pump is in there
okay okay so you also want to find out
from your insurance company how to get
your butt okay paper they all one is
somewhat different
okay on it okay guys excellent any other
questions um no I mean everything to be
pretty normal like everything you guys
told me it's like a line so yeah I don't
have any questions I don't know if I'm
like an unfit no there at this point but
I got a dollar not at all and they'll
make multiple types of questions come up
when you're sending to your classes okay
because people ask the other things and
you want to dance okay okay and you
can't really be as comprehensive as a
book during these please visit yeah I
know the classes actually cover a lotta
ground
eons they actually gives me an
opportunity to those particular
questions that happened all your
previous specifics for yourself becoming
land well can I have a different people
in the room realize oh no - screaming
lands and we have a question yeah okay
so is that clear
again you know the questions come up
with their pertaining to use a needle
and is it you expect to be your delivery
right I don't know if you'll help me
with this so if I just have to wait for
dr. Mitri but I would like to show you
getting married in Paris in a line and
I'm due in September early September so
um I would like to attend but I don't
know it gives you to the end of July yes
yeah compared to it yeah your duty in
September was really Mallick obvious
so you can do like 32 weeks and that so
that so 13 sir that's bad 36 weeks
because not so good and you are not
going to feel comfortable it's a theme
okay you could go along there's no
complications you know they're amazing
fancy so this is it this is your new era
you are now entering this phase of by
refundable so you're not putting money
there we can't get back yeah okay I will
play that one by ear okay okay I don't
have a crystal ball to predict whether
or not you're going to have you know
issues that require you to be around
here the international travel usually is
kind of frowned upon if you're going to
do that or break it up in the too late
so it is necessary with direct but
that's directed twelve hours and they
fucking psycho of one deficits yeah okay
I would do it I would break it up into
two things I'm gonna hear two because
these go through okay okay so I guess if
I were to that you're just saying book
now and then we'll see how I develop
okay exactly okay
basic brand nothing though right okay
but how exciting a friend for you yeah
I'm going to do a doer just want to know
before this information was you have
amazing very happy birthday
yeah back home now and I just don't did
my mails and Papa / - he's working hard
or hardly working fine and then I see
little legs over there who do they
belong to if you get for free yeah bring
it yeah pretty yeah pretty oh look it up
cute that is you guessed right get it
fun get it fun whatever is in your boho
get it bought get whatever is in your
butthole fun get it for foot interested
Oh fine on your butt oh don't look at me
in this request
but don't look at me like a ball
well sign you dirty dirty girl all right
if I know meatloaf I know he's over Hey
hi boy how much dad was a puppy hi my
saddle the puppy what are you doing
sensitive puppy
what you doin tell you the puppy
standard the puppy Oh sad little
gentleman oh you sass me boy are you
serious dude you're gonna brothers are
you kidding right now you don't record
yourself on me pretty hey boy
you're so stop stop it you're so sassy
oh you're not fast anymore
my bugging you am i bugging you boy
don't leave boy - leave Tony good boy
good boy little cutie puss Oh cutie
cutie cutie fuck
gimme your paw give me your Bop good boy
you fucking quit this base over his ball
give me your ball fine
all right well home now but not for long
because I'm really hungry
and I want to get food oh I'm so hungry
you know like I've been really liking
that jails pregnant sometimes she's been
feeding for Chinese food which I always
love and finally I'm able to get it
but these Dumpty fucking oh yeah I was
trying to eyeball that I can rap you
don't get don't leave together
I'm down what about it again it would
not be a little soup yup
which numbers are 15 thank you gonna be
different people it'll just be I know it
looks crazy okay so maybe bad or do you
like this before I have I don't like
shit what if I take out all this macho
anonymous not very cool
not really but you could try it maybe
I'll like it better now is what it is it
would be good what is that this is only
one dan dan noodles with Miss Philippa
dan dan noodles off of their dead little
homie standard and noodles it's like a
mystery you want Dan Daniel is enough
what $77 what what is this 75 there's
another 77 it seems mini pork bun that's
the English translation what's the 75
egg omelette a lot of this country do
you know you're gonna get know how you
look at the menu
what do mean if you've been looking at
it not like really looking at it I just
been like being a fat person like that
looks good
or not no hold on so I do want this for
sure visa what's this
stir-fried shredded chicken I mean I
don't know yours are down there I do
number 60 of mahjongg yeah we're gonna
share maybe I'm kind of I'm feeling kind
of like sick I don't want so you don't
want to share you wanna be selfish
I'll share with you know you be selfish
little more fine
all right what are we getting let's get
beef noodle soup okay nice job good okay
I don't even know why I'm staying at
remains outside you know me okay
and there's great job okay and beef
noodle you said that already about me or
okay sorry Mia and we say jump off a
train
how uh what do you want so do you eating
your own have any free my mind
fine we'll share enough food if I shall
know by about aa sorrowful way jump
aho your old man's economy how pretty
good
it was lucky guess yeah can I get a UH
with this or like this import double
which one Neera speaking Mandarin just
speak it
okay can I did the five days I can feel
you know Danny that I come out of the
freezer ona picked up you want white
fuck toy dollar you know which one I
like you know did you yeah your meal by
pencil okay okay I thought I tried this
on your own yet read the drink sorry
tambien oh please right here
okay don't get something that's gonna
keep you up all night like what I see
what I can't have I'm just kidding oh
yes I'll just have water for now and
I'll order one later yes alright so my
night has come to an end and I am ready
for bed Papa Bear is over there butt-ass
naked
oh I think you are waiting from your you
peeing oh oh
think you're waiting for me that by a
vision not that way yeah I just think
I'm ready to go to bed
Bubber keep sneezing I don't know if
it's allergies or from getting sick hold
on is there is a letter is this
sorry feel better okay well I think this
is goodnight from the most Asian astrov
I own good night thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you tomorrow bye
you
