just got back from breakfast
look at these two all day that's all
they do get it fun get ready get ready
get a break yeah fun
okay break sorry sorry sorry offer here
losing
well anyway like I was saying I just got
back from breakfast and what in the
world he was just fit all in that little
blue thing just coffee for breakfast and
I got a little update special price for
you guys cuz I chopped up all of my hair
um my previous restaurant was really
really really really really damaged
because I think I was just over
processing it and I was like trying to
bleach it to my chisels my hair is
really dark but then I was trying to
bring it or pull out the color and make
it more blond but in doing so it
stripped the color and it just really
really really damaged my hair really bad
and I'm like fuck it I could deal with
it I'll just let it grow out but I
couldn't deal with it it always fried
like these little pieces left and it
just looked horrible if I just pulled my
hair sighs I'm like just chop it off you
know I'm trying to let it grow but it's
just so bad just chop it off so I
chopped it all off and I don't regret it
it feels really really good it's really
light I feel like I have a fresh start
so now from this point on my hair is
going to grow back so I thought that was
really cool but today's going to be a
really chill day we have kitchen casing
pet tip and kasey kahne TIFF in case you
coming over just to hang out
Bart and I are going to continue to
impact because as you can see there's a
shit ton more that we got to do because
God Sam all he's been able to do is just
set up these um shelves and we had to
put our shoes away it was just it's just
so much we got to do so we're gonna do
that today on this beautiful beautiful
beautiful beautiful beautiful Sunday
it's crazy how beautiful it is because
it's so sunny got-damn it's so sunny
it's so quiet so peaceful here they come
here they come
who go inside go inside
Ricki go inside look at them you give
them an inch they take a mile
picture a suspect inside cute furry
shits yeah so that'll be my weekend
beautiful day
so father select my hair is too
organized put the hell is it too
organized
I don't even know what that means so I
was trying to need technique I usually
use just my hands and a blow-dryer but
every time I go to my barber he always
uses a brush you know why he uses a
brush no to make it more voluminous but
I feel like my hair is like very
organized he's keep turning it as he's
doing you so that he can create more of
uh oh yeah but how does this love is it
look good or is it what do you think
does it look too organized it just looks
it just looks it doesn't look bad at all
it just looks like you're about to wear
a tuxedo all for real yeah so does it
match my shirt who cares
fucking what we go see I was going to
say that makeup does wonders cuz when I
first started talking to you guys I had
no makeup on and you could see all these
dippel's and stuff especially the one I
got a really bad one on this I look huge
was huge I thought like I'm going to
drop that on his mom dad you it was
pretty bad but the makeup look I look
like I have color in my skin and shit
dude I feel so bad for guys you do not
pull in here
well more cut like even what are you
doing what I think you're smelling it
Hwa I'm smelling to see if it smells
good you don't brush it'll really fight
every smells your blush smell like Yuki
doesn't like Dookie what the fuck why is
it like this
what are you wiping one with it that you
look on me can you wash it please that's
nasty my hair looks good yes what yes I
mean don't keep doing it like that it
looks too
proper don't you do it like this
I mean who Karen looks great you look
very uh do I look like why do I look
like I'm about to clean the garage no do
I look like since your mother
photography know we will ya Oh terrific
okay I'm saying how they make it volume
is really good for what know that your
hair would be wet bird it doesn't do it
when they're product in the hair I
guarantee you he doesn't you know
there's product in the hair she doesn't
hear spot it laughs when I'm writing
he's usually just quiet like that he
like cotton welcome so much
let me really see hi to everyone
I find hi Guys hi Wiggy hi everyone as a
pretty said oh stretchy hi look at the I
call him the saddest puppy in the world
why I don't know he just looks so sad
look for only ten cents a day you can
save dogs from street like this guy
before little needles
Neela the saddest puppy alive did you
ever see that want to get with can peel
yeah what it is like they're like what I
fit for a dollar and you're like a
dollar but that Wendy's more than at the
hole
have you been using this no I don't
think my tummy's big enough where it is
lucky with it yeah imagine a snake like
that this is a fucking wet dream waiting
to happen
oh my gosh I'm fucking in it you just
like oh and then you wake up and I know
what done it yeah we love Matsoukas what
dream are they all getting out here
I won't go be sad in my corner CC goes
into the side assistance look at it look
at the fukusa
like what yeah the angel okay oh no all
the sleep look at me sees you the
fireman yeah yeah ha creature
they were having a very rare occasion
where we get to hang out with friends
like regular people
and we all kind of collaborate on this
meal and I feel like we should be saying
a prayer or something yes dear heavenly
YouTube father but yeah I made potatoes
Casey made the chicken and the steak and
the filet mignon Brigance honestly
though the son of a bitch II and hit
make a salad just pasta salad pasta
salad or solid chocolate I bought today
myself that mean eating but yeah what
are you saying that but it's fun to say
I've never eaten your butt okay just for
the record that's how it sounds oh never
done it why is it called salad tossing
is it that matters
what is olive oil
yeah there's nothing about talking
selling eating but that makes the same
like there's nothing I don't see that we
there and then also in case you brought
over some wine I not get lucky
fragile I know what you know I'm
alcoholic trying to quit so decided to
join the festivities right trying to
start I got a red wine yeah I got the
red wine for the red meat and then I got
of course it's crazy alcoholic beverage
called the score que corren al shit
that's caffeine free that's how powerful
it is they took the caffeine out saying
I will fuck you up and that's gonna go
to chicken no I got some
here in buon appetito cuz I didn't do
she's all random Baba not supposed to go
but I like that shit tonight it's only
nine months enjoy it girl enjoy 2.95
Steve enjoyed cuz gotta go back to work
soon
good jobs back in the kitchen just
getting pregnant again Yeah right away
people son of no wonder Mexicans are
always pregnant fuck I've been doing it
wrong this whole time they're gonna fix
your wine on the back fuckin status
otherwise to him you're so sad
surprise me looking regular fuckin
bringing a ninja eyes that's nice I'm
doing down that is funny you having a
good time outside I love when they
enjoyed the outside it looks so happy in
this place this one as full of bondage
should be in the Sun yeah don't fucking
UV blast your artists like this loves
you so much
it's begin do Huracan and she's like
spreading your dishes so I gotta go for
my hands now I always always what I
always do when I'm down on my on my lap
and I like the smell travels I'm like oh
like someone took off their shoes and
just stuck it in your nose fungus funny
man good fun oh she can't resist such a
mess with me she's too cute do keep ice
why she smell so much jessica has a skin
condition I can't it's kink in it yeah
she has like this fungus on her skin
that's cuz she's been like crazy
stressed or something they said right so
dr. Sarah I stretched induced oh yes I
don't know hmm move eyes only go to him
go to that fine he's the only one
allergic to your side you love him I
think should I never engage with them so
they're like I can't believe this guy
this is like
again closer
