course viruses science is the only one
that is fun yeah actually I think you
heard you say action
now you freaking liar meelo show
everyone how excited you were yeah it
was like that it was running from there
all the way over here little very
excited because I did me alone
now you need fucking a little liar you
are so excited and all of a sudden the
camera turns on hmm
oh now you want to sit now you want to
sit and pretend like how much matters
you have a little starfish what do you
think big eating is tell the truth
exactly you'll see quite committed
medicine hey let's go Carla called I've
done go to the garage oh okay go to the
front door then yeah okay how about you
open the back then I won't let him out
and tell you know how keep for your
trust now okay let me thank you but
they're not it's just easier this way
for a I don't have to put these stupid
leashes on and since they know the drill
to run into the back of the truck I
could just have Gio open them I can't
even reach my backpack oh go to the back
of the truck open it and then have them
run up let's see
are you ready all you got to pull it
forward okay
mama has two for the truck for first
okay then my allergies are going crazy
right now
look I just took allergy medicine but I
won't stop I hope I'm not getting sick
you cannot afford your stick right now
who can you ever afford to get a crash
let me know when you're ready alright
let's go kiss run run for your life run
free life with Jill doing loop she says
that's a animal cruelty keep talking
this meatloaf oh my God why would you do
mmm a lot y'all Peter he's a big baby
watch the enemy on a while until I
little sleep in it it has no good a
mirror Oh handsome very so baby Camilo
Wow yeah if you just mess with the noise
squeals it's a big ass baby
I think the biggest video no giant
lipstick for a candid kidney on the big
cities and no like on the rocks here the
rocket J&S appear cattle we know you're
a big girl I know that I love him Oh
100% true so we just wrapped up our
weekly big barbell Brigade meeting and
some big stuff has been going down I
wish I could show you but I don't have
the files on me right now nor they
finalized but
long story short and here's a secret is
we're trying to rebrand barb over game
end before you think rebrand anything
all should it change the entire feel of
it that's not what we're going for
we're not going from like hardcore like
Tupac all of a sudden - Taylor's list
what we're really trying to do is kind
of have a uniform have a uniform and
really fine-tune the voice that is a
barbell Brigade so we want our videos to
feel the same way as our clothes to feel
the same way our gym does like just have
everything be really really uniform I
think to the outside world a lot of
times they're like too far below the
brigade is killing it that's what I hear
all the time but I think for us as we've
grown we've been doing this since 2013
it does feel like some of some parts
have kind of grown apart so we hired
this really big
branding firm and they've done
everything from Apple to scan socks to
beats by dre and they're really helping
us right now and what was crazy as they
came out with this logo that has a hella
dope story they kind of took the
infinity sign with an arrow that says
progress of infinite progress because
you know bodily is all about
self-improvement plus the B and they
came up with this infinity sign mixed in
with the B and it looked dope but when
we had our weekly meeting today not
everyone was like immediately fell in
love you were filling it II thought it
looked though I think the design itself
it looks cool like it's symmetrical
right from a design standpoint but from
is it me standpoint you know like like
for example like I think Aston Martin's
look fucking sick but that's not me but
I probably would never buy Aston Martin
why buy a car though but if I had what
the hell is got some downtown dilation
just you won't go on I missed it it was
like a reverse piggyback ride but the
girls in the front but anyways um
if it wasn't me you know I think
visually looks dope and I just what
everyone that Barbra gate said it wasn't
us I think that so though that the whole
crew felt the exact same thing yeah so
we put the good thing is that we're all
on the same page so now what we're
trying to do is you want like you know
when we did the barbell poor gets up
with first first first first coaches
jacket we did embroidery there's
problems so the logo itself just has a
lot of problems it can't be it can't be
embroidered it can't be in every single
type of media it looks bad on business
cards on being a good logo like the Nike
swoosh can be done on anything from a
billboard huge to fine print to
embroidery and so that's what we're
trying to do so I don't have too much to
show you but I just want to get all of
you guys a heads up that have been
wondering why a barbell Brigade has kind
of taken a back seat a little bit this
year we are launching a few things very
very soon I believe our first launch is
going to be in May and it's going to be
of all the current trendy colors that
everyone likes and I've been selling all
our best dollars is going to be now in
those colors so the color is it will be
stick all the No Limit hoodies the
bulletproof all that stuff we're going
to be releasing on but on the backpack
and we're gonna hopefully cook up
something really really dope for you
guys we already are cooking it up
we're already cooking the fires gone yep
how are you driving to right now driving
to the barbel bouquet Jimmy Jim Jim and
we don't do today train sandwich Oh
kidney and what does that mean that
you're going to record all your videos
with your friends and family know so
every Friday we train with the barbell
brigade family peoples and we
use that one day out of the week to
train and just bond kind of like the way
we all bonded before business and the
videos and all that stuff gotten away so
it's always go back to the roots and
make sure we have that strong family
bond training environment yes no work
none of that happened what we train is
just good times laughter and footballs
so you guys in a bit now we're at
Albertson's and it's really rare that we
get a chance just go out to the
supermarket all those who is really
normal it is really rare that we're able
to go to the supermarket and find things
that we want to cook and cook it
together so I'm actually really excited
what are you looking like that
the funny faces they should
Thank You Vicky glasses it's mine it's
my Robert De Niro oh yeah that's a good
Robert you know if you was a girl
yes so it's really rare that were you're
able to kind of cook in the kitchen I'm
really excited that we both get to use
the kitchen for the first time all right
where do you find all or not so what
were you what were you planning on
making candy we're going to make
spaghetti and I'm going to cook a big
fat steak because I'm in the mood for
steak I'm in the steak section looking
for you Pinkham mom I didn't work that's
all I'm looking for a big bull Oh
tenderize number they pounded iteration
oh yeah oh you know what centroids big
is more tender I need this for our
country fried steak
so they tenderize it so they count it
and then they put a crust over it fry my
unit tenderize me tenderize you every
day don't you let me go back to finally
3:9 doctor no no sirloin so I'm not a
big fan of Finland even though it's
really lean but the good I mean the
worst realize yet where where do you see
the ribeye
check Oh what is this big fat guy ribeye
steak ballin oh yeah something better
update about this another bonus bonus so
I'm gonna get a big rib eye steak and
there's a whole USDA choice right here
do you want one or know how to make this
thing - I'm at it okay watch beeps over
here look at you guys
that's not fast you mean it's not - all
right huge I don't even know if you can
finish a pal girl just let me know don't
waste our hard-earned money what do you
want it or not I'm being fat pop I'm
gonna make the game I know I make a lot
of them here all right let's get one one
single state antenna Mirada
Oh what is it what are you looking at
Texas toast maybe I don't even
I've never even knew what Texas toast
was my mom came over over the weekend
and she brought the toast she ruined my
life forever just fucking good I just
can't remember the brand
oh you put it which one was it oh yeah I
knew the Texas toast because uh Casey
always told me about it I never ate it
before yeah but I don't think there's uh
when she got home nah man I don't think
that you can go wrong I know I usually
would stuff like this where I get the
cheapest of better so which will look
like the hand down the straight cheapest
racket
this one I don't know don't even make
sense New York bakery Texas toast hope
with real garlic oh I mean so what do I
wanting what do I want to do you can
never go wrong with Pepperidge Farms -
okay big fan of ours fun huh oh yeah the
blade what else you need to get maybe
that's it I'm gonna get finished
oh ha ha OOP nicely oh good good any
pasta fast fast fast ah you got there I
got some spinach and it's one of those
Asian cook really really fast it's not
like stream leads I'm going to play
forever if you wanted to make you fancy
you can cook this in chicken broth and
get a lot of flavor but I'm just going
to keep it simple
start with a little bit of garlic a
little salt little bit of pepper Oh me
mind it but you have to flash it soy
sauce just a little bit of a little bit
of team challenge yes and then that's it
moving on what do you need pasta
what's going through your mind as you
make the toughest and life decision in
the world which pasta sauce should you
choose well we're going to my mind was
which one did my monkey really yeah
edition just want was prayed up you
can't go wrong with cradles because you
are say go you don't want to venture off
and do anything special like there's
this one is this farmers market it looks
crazy hipster I guess what you get I
don't got a yeah are you a hipster here
I'll buy hipster ah okay buddy
yeah you don't want to go up prego
Nicole cancel your mom's been doing your
whole life you just told me to venture I
don't know what about this damn this one
looks like a straight from Italy
reserved about classical Oh kinda winner
okay what else do we need did you gather
them yeah Sam's and easy come on let's
go cook at home what you know it's funny
what you just can't these two things and
I just came for the pasta if I ended up
with a dishwasher so cranberry juice
fruits organic milk and
cinnamon raisin bread oh my cousin and
raisin bread yeah I was butter we'll
start with our uh freaking thing our
friggin oven toasters and I just came in
all SS don't pop it throw ice cream on
there Jesus Christ cinnamon with ice
cream it fits put the crust oh my god
you do not know how to exit I'm fine
this is your party tonight let me over
I am so happy that I invested in those
commercial-grade and because I cooked
this farm at dinner in under five
minutes
both sides it was so fat and now my bear
has my new scan pan and she's barely
been on here for I think like two
minutes without any oil and it's not
even speaking to it you know who
recommended this Jan pan
um I love it David yep you know a lot
about cookies I know and adopting is
cooking so easily on such a big surface
but it's so so any beautiful this is so
awesome - we get to cook and be with
each other while watching TV from this
far away
we're having a really cool fun bonding
time I know and the remotes actually
worked that barn and our dogs are having
a good time watching us this is so I
know you fucker
Wow Wow eskalene is it so bad did you
have a good any time with me tonight
yeah you look so bad you went ham quick
I'm what you see so we're gonna enjoy
the CUNY little night eat our dinner see
you guys tomorrow
