hey guys thanks for watching my last
episode did you love it I know you did
so make sure to give this video a big
thumbs up and to watch more videos you
can watch another shirt thank you
are you ready Bart yes are you all ready
yes
fine you go there you go I'm not I'm not
ready that's why I'm making sure you
over alrighty I still got it I still got
a I got the makeup on sale anytime up ah
the fine I'll go I'll go do I just sit
on this side yeah I got kind of shit on
the table I gotta move it out and shift
it okay move move this stuff is cute
yeah all these pregnancies max sorry
how many snacks she'll need because
you're updating it oh yeah all this
delicious food oh my god lemon half
onion
thank you for watching just kidding news
don't forget to comment down below for
all your issues and opinions and no it's
not a motherfucker suggestions button
but for the last like 15 seconds okay oh
is it
I forgot how short 10 seconds was and
whenever you're ready alright except the
telephone calls my mom for your country
looking okay you go okay thanks for
watching just kidding news guys don't
forget to comment down below we want to
hear what you say only if it's positive
remember that to watch more videos go up
here baby
keep going stop and then your second
call to action to like the video the
second call to action in my life video
yes
whenever you're ready office how's it
going guys don't forget to like the
video because if you don't I will break
your fucking legs
thank you so much for the last video
don't forget to click right here or I'll
break your fucking arms click right here
guys
so do your to call to actions is
subscribe and submit alright I'm ready
to fuck it up so the our card is 20
seconds long first 10 seconds it's a
call to action and for the next video or
for more videos to come forth and then
the last 10 seconds is just an
attachment fuck Chuy I tuned you out but
I think I got it worldwide I'm sorry I'm
sorry I wasn't thinking I was just
thinking about what I'm going to say is
it cuz it's too early yeah and I'm all
just stupid uh so it is subscribed first
once got it yeah times I can stand in
ten seconds yeah call before I'd like to
do that one of my okay David
you're gonna help god damn it David oh
just kidding really
come on
you live in hello bitch hello baby hey
good morning everybody real good
our card you just gonna change the eff
up real quick oh my god so early for
this huh
okay we're rubbing up there we go so
first time culture action second 10 is
Penta money your first call to action is
yes let me point you're lower there we
go okay and then I'll start forever
you're right okay okay camera speed oh
yeah assassin is whenever you ready to
hit funny
that's how professional Julia here we go
good job Julie keep up the great work
and hey guys hope you enjoyed that
episode please don't miss a beat and
subscribe if you don't subscribe you
don't know when a new video is uploaded
but for more videos click up here
good and then your second call to action
is to submit okay there is a link in the
description box below
okay I'll start whenever you're ready I
hope you guys enjoyed that video share
the good and the bad and the crazy and
all the nuts oh sorry that you guys want
to buy submitting event excuse me you
did I mean no this ready one more time I
think David recording it connects and I
won't evolve are they David recording
you I know that's right Julio's trying
to beat David death do good David you
just Jack do your fucking job from what
god damnit oh okay ready
alright you got a little bit sure oh my
can hear you stupid oh she fucking
sidekick you with her arm did does a
Taekwondo side kick the bucket Taekwondo
side kick you get it you came with that
mom with tag I can see it coming so
commit alright hope you guys enjoyed
that episode if you guys have any juicy
little guts of details and you guys want
submit it well guess what you can cruise
on over to the description box below
click on the link submit to start and
hopefully we will pick it and talk about
it for more videos click right over you
can't wait
one is romantic boy beats girl boy loses
girl
oh so nuts help with this das room good
let me are so nuts help in testosterone
I may eat more nuts then why build more
muscle if I can't take steroids might as
well eat more nuts yeah seems like it's
good for you never bad for you huh right
there ooh you're surprisingly bad things
that can happen you eat too many nuts
what okay dad you think I asked too much
testosterone right too much why thank
you all the time it's all I ever hear
also a lot of bathroom there you have
digestive issues yeah oh yeah I had to
get the shits if I eat and whinny and
your hair falls out and your nail gets
brittle your breath stinks and your
muscle and joints might be what what the
but no reasoning which are rare but
serious condition too many Brazil nuts
are you calm it sounds like luggage
childhood insults doesn't it it sounds
like like it's gonna make your hair fall
out and a bread seat like what's up fuck
those are fucking kid ass anyway she
ready
dude what else so nuts it's good for you
this is a walnut right it's good for you
but then if you eat too much than your
hair falls on your bad breath
everything is Brazil nuts oh yeah the
the hair falling out the nails getting
reminyl I'm thinking your muscles and
joints aching
that's all from Brazil nuts oh sure it
depends on how much though they tell you
how much yeah
hurry up David ladies talking about that
wonderful camera of yours touching David
in the act you get such giving your
office up a little bit
Susan earlier no give you a little money
Mike you might feel a bit like the white
and egg whites a lunatic you
motherfuckers gonna keep you see yards
oh no I cannot I should maybe less I
couldn't have gonna you guys ready
oh yes you know how we are all drinking
volcanism shit yesterday for my birthday
and now Michael is like moving the straw
and then he was stuck so you just kind
of like blew it out and a piece of
coconut fuckin errand in the neck I
wouldn't do that
it just went skate on air connecting
like ah my glutes in when Michael said
bye I fucking are gonna follow this is
like my god like when you walk into a
room he enters that huh and he leave
happy what the fuck I just noticing and
then he goes back
I always did way like that always like a
little kid when you goodbye look now I
have to pee David
damnit let's get all the fluids and
poopoo are you ready or no if I could
feel the pee coming by rather just you
should use the other bathroom I'll give
that one which one not only men not the
men's you're done in like a couple
minutes
well because we're gonna shoot and it's
love both of you
uh-huh he has always make fun of it you
silly accent that is very you guys are
more than him though yeah you can always
tell when on others I can tell when we
have a certain way of speaking or
speaking or a certain cadence but then
what we have really white people come
here
um they start changing the ladies talk
do they yeah they'll start talking a
little bit more hood you know
really yeah I don't like I've never
noticed we don't sound it though no but
to that we do over laws of white people
I fix much in a long time ago that's
true that's right yes because of white
people what they sound like hey yeah we
going mmm and then if they just hear it
was up to like hey what's up Negroes
whatever yeah
what what is that his wife I knocked out
these two like mmm
is it a race issue he pointed them
knocked him out those girls are the guys
guys
shit yeah that's Justin Bieber oh shit
you knocked him out too oh fuck he's
just right you're on your wall star who
is that I don't know that Machine Gun
Kelly wow this is like a skinny white
boy we should be going
I'm Bala posted it still waiting
I've a key to make this go I just go no
he said hold on cuz the other one is
tastes like shit oh there he is
I heard it
how you can still be really though
because if you really have mommy Bream
you just let it go
you say I just do it I did it smell bad
did you wanna number us all of the other
one the one that you came out up to that
one small bag I think it shit okay oh my
god
maybe dammit another one another one
you
feeling good
I'll talk about how about you good thing
essentially the bunch of streets ago
orgy for cuddling exactly I did but
you're fully clothed are you you're
fully clothed and like if you get
aroused there's a section called me
around the corner you have to leave like
excuse yourself but how do you know if
girls get aroused you could just be like
honestly yourself yeah I mean that it's
the intention supposed to be like
photonic so you don't see any girls with
like a wet crotch I mean I ain't notice
I've never seen before my life the
weather died so I because the guys get
too rowdy kind of no today did they go
around the corner and go with a where
crotch of enlightened bitch go down
around the corner
no I steer with a wet clutch I have hot
electrons remain later tangible like
yeah so I mean I where granted to have
matured release in but yeah so what
happened over there Emily can I figure
you would be another wet crotch kind of
breaking Julia yes sorry I just don't
does the conversation laughs you don't
wait I decided that your crotch gets
back to the point that people can
visibly identify you as an aroused
person she does but it's in the rear
gets wet in the rear the objector was
like a saying that she licks her belly
rubbed and she's pregnant
no I'm calling her platonically I was
cuddling her photography back and I got
with my belly rub and I was like oh it's
so like two random plays because I get
such a place is like insecurities for
women yeah and then I was a kind of been
pregnant and she said no and then I was
like oh this is why cuz you never had
this before it but what and then returns
upon your loving that don't worry okay
to get to the rub to the rubbing I know
so it's so erm I know it's so different
from what I'm used to
what are you used to uh a six-pack ABS
you could even say that straight form
right now I'm like ma'am not me at the
door yeah it's so small right now like I
barely feel anything really yeah
see so sometimes though I do mmm-hmm but
it's so tiny I don't really I'm like way
without it
yeah look knotted yeah yeah pretty close
how do you feel worried you can feel
like a little little ruffling in your
stomach can they say that like you're
your partner close together to be good
to be pain
her brother danger brother got sent back
morning sickness got morning sickness
and then he asked his wife she was like
here you pretty anybody can she's like
no I don't think sellers should take
attention at home shit I had he's like
yeah the whole time oh I got it for you
no no no not for me for okay sometimes I
feel like a little tingly in the stomach
and I'm like that's just hunger oh no
you didn't really we're not even
connected at all yeah we're just fine
cuz I think that's a little weird
we're not twins yeah I think that's cool
I don't to be twin shaming usually the
guy should give me wait he's lost a lot
of weight if you ever notice you do this
right away oh thank you whoo you can't
wait Wow okay winner of the of you guys
want some vacation and like your bodies
are like nothing we go
when did he try and get like this Thank
You Fossum maybe you in ages I can't
represent you in - yeah okay man cool
vacation David with the body with that
maybe like that you were going to hit
another feeding you I just good a bite
as I say that a stomach gig why you
can't turn me to cake I be like
vegetable yeah well that's like one
animal meat right now I'm here on my
moment Oh camera suitcase yeah a little
monka have a little political I don't
know if I even liked Arabic okay because
I kind of yaki issue to the fight you
know yep
I'm not sure yet I don't like copy oh
yeah coffee at all I know my coffee
flavored things I don't but this is like
the ladyfingers looking good yeah so
good yummy right she's all right you get
some of the chocolate she's always in
chocolate bag on top what Joe what's up
with you I see you everywhere I think
that's awesome
you got your own series now to write
series now yeah what is it on both
streams sit yeah
how was that doing I didn't see the one
we're doing season two right now a pilot
for MTV that wrapped yesterday oh there
she is I went to the cuddle party
wouldn't like my own person all right
but if so would make sense it oh how did
that how did that go
I mean we shake oh yeah yeah you never
know yeah I got you fuck am I doing here
I'm gonna plug my own Jaguar oh that's
actually how me and Shannon met we met
at this MTV pilot thing to remember the
first time and then I was like she's
hella cool got to bring on after field
and then we don't do that channel
anymore so now we're like bring on just
kidding dude awesome
yeah so enough never coming back right I
still maybe everything area and never
stick boy again just got home and it's
actually crazy what time it is
it is 1250 almost about to be 1 o'clock
in the morning I am really exhausted but
every time I see these guys they make me
so happy
did you miss pop okay you didn't miss
pop what about you bringing the gym
there's Papa break you get to miss
guys are so calm is it because I woke
you guys up from the middle of your
sleep let me love Oh
Lindelof thanks for letting me thanks
for loving me big boy but you fun did
you miss me funny oh you want some more
what a cute but I love love me love
cross poisoning
hey breaking you love me too all of
YouTube Ricky's big cutie mm-hmm funny
what about me can you stop licking her
vagina for one second
funny funny can you stop looking oh
there we go
what a good girl hey you bikini all
right I'm tired I am gonna go to sleep
and good night everyone cannot be like
great I still don't even know all the
lights which is in this house oh shit I
forgot over there I'm gonna go turn the
lights off but anyways it was awesome to
share my day with you guys see you guys
tomorrow good night
