good morning so we are back home now and
I think I saw we went on an
early-morning trip to the supermarket
which is really cute because our
refrigerator clothes that nice I know
that I just is slowly filling up look at
that we got food in here we never had
food before whoo domestication of what
to get our pantry catalogs and our
pantry slowly filling up with food -
well I never had one of these before
whoo this is awesome stuff
slowlyslowly we've been here for maybe
about three weeks no not even a full
month and I'm getting happy it's slowly
getting filled up even though we don't
have a lot of stuff like where to put
this like our countertops are pretty
empty just because we don't know what
goes where we don't know what to buy yet
because we haven't used it for anything
but what everybody but the noise is
coming from this guy
Wailord all the bang bang bang bang
boogie so good that I'm like so Falls I
could just reach son like sick for it is
a beat on us rabbit here it's like fours
and hot follow mine and but I'm taller
than you everyone knows that looks good
all good
I want so much every day that my legs
get cyber spot
there you go I knew that was custom song
and he said dance was coming Oh was it
fine what are you doing today why did we
go to the supermarket so today is
actually Joe's idea it's really really
cool we've been writing the movie for JK
yes we have a run in the movie a lot of
you guys think we put left we've been
working on around a third movie concept
we submitted it to the studios depends
on what they want and we're working on a
third one
it's a writing of the same conference
room the whole time and so I think it
kind of like definis of our creative
juices so Joe was like yeah I'm going to
work outside some more like the island
it's not I haven't been in the Sun a
while I like want to come over to our
house we I just built like patio
furniture we could be on the Sun yeah we
never had patio patio patio petiolate
got patty partridge open I'm down okay
calm down and then I was like five big
grill for lunch like nothing fancy just
girls guys love grilling and the flavor
is so good the hell yeah so let's do a
house you forgot to buy corn on the cob
Whitney corn do we or no okay so I
bought finish we just are taking codfish
I kept coming in oh I so all watch the
wall buddy watch the wall we own this
shit now or watch it boy is it does not
aim it right if you know I'm talking
about this laws we break the shoes out
of our pocket we got to be extra careful
now where you fuck up our parents house
and any other house we rent but this
one's ours now that's it of the day fuck
up your parents house and practice over
there yeah I call that buck your owner
shit up yeah there we go
good job pop up see you in a bit yeah
well as you heard he'll be working Ramon
and it's pretty cool because I have IKEA
coming today assembling more furniture
thought is a bug damn it um a DD yes
please
ah they are coming over to some more
furniture so I have to be here so it was
pretty cool that Bart's like hey kid my
plants come over and play in my house
and I was like yeah sure I'm going to be
here anyway so it kind of just worked
out and I think my mom's coming in a
little bit too so but every it's gonna
be a good day but I gotta get to work
Bart Sean everybody
looks like like how much for the car to
go for sale it's not what you did some
pasta yeah so you guys are working
outside yeah yep yep are you and then
channel Penelope half dog service these
moments are rare well every what
happened tell me what happened so if you
look outside me any luck me Joe and
Katie yep we're working on a movie and
when it longer fastest umbrella she's
like oh you guys are gonna need umbrella
for your patio furniture autumn I know
we don't we got tall walls tall house
it's always shaded all the time at least
all times I've been out there but we're
working out there today for extended
period of time right now that's but I
kept saying right I don't wanna clock
work on it it's not even one it's 11 you
can and mom preside not even needed
you're gonna need it and then I kept
saying we don't need it and today we're
outside and then we're all burning and
then so now I'm just bringing this out
down are we gonna set it up I'm just
numb sponge and I'm our best polish
right
I'm not always right but when I'm right
oh good because I've never
so you came up did you even try it
I don't even know your honor was it look
like serenity I promise you I fear I
messed up on the cutting because
sometimes the cutting up neck or always
naturally perfect I like the peace and I
look I'm still learning but I always
people cut it like that and the beam
actually press it like that you learn
from another chef yeah but I forgot to
do like that oh oh I just grabbed it
like this right here
clamp done BC some pages and you got
pieces everyone okay I'm ready table
yeah so this was your first time cooking
some steaks at your new crib and using
your new knife how was the steak and
held a knife like 11 or 2 depending what
country from the steak was I did I kind
of overcooked it to be honest I was
doing a flank steak and I think I was
trying to do too many things when I
couldn't focus I'm trying to be a good
guest helping Jose to get situated case
to get situated and as I can overcooked
it a little bit but you know it was
delicious and flavor but god damn my jaw
hurt really I'm sorry yeah and I think I
didn't build it really good it was good
well I don't get it cut it the right way
and I also just left it off for too long
and also I was worried that I couldn't
make it right for you
the way I like to cook flink it's like a
hi-c hi-c boom and it's like wrong man
you let it sit for 5-10 minutes and it
keeps cooking on its own but this one
all that oh I want a marker is it is so
like I left it a little bit longer maybe
next time you just make it the way you
want and then cut code ever I'm going to
eat yet back on the world yeah and then
so there's that and then a um the nice
though when I was cutting the garlic it
was like it's crazy I never had any nice
that was bash dark work I could have
picked up the garlic like this and I
could have just went like this and just
cut right through it and it was so sharp
that you know like um time to scrape
food off the cutting board and
and yeah and then so usually you could
go like this or just scrape it off yeah
even if it's like this you'll scrape off
the food
yes this time it was so sharp when I
went like this and as soon as I pulled
it cut into the cutting board I was even
pressing on the oh shit so I have to
slowly like I have to make sure it's
perfectly like this yeah figure out it
was fucking sharp you know it's CUNY
what ah meatloaf was laying over here on
this bed the other side and then I guess
he just it felt too lumpy for him and he
just moves to the other side of the bed
it's all bougie
I know bougie ass dog you know what
pretty doing right now to feel golden
bull rush a little weird you know what
she's doing
what she's waiting for a little treat
cuz you freaking trained her to bring a
beggar whoa whoa buddy whoa what why God
be so mean it's just CUNY look at her
this kind of drunk I've been taking beer
all night I'm gonna fuck no babe
remember what happened last time you got
Charles had to carry you up those stairs
I had a horrible time at Disney not
where's that from
some weird guy trying to like make
videos online I'm moving in oh shit
assessment were you just sitting there
the whole time trying to think of what
you're gonna say I know uh he already
had a practice into that press record
people keep maximally oh why are you
moving to the laughs in between you guys
tell them the truth right here right now
what happened I'm not here anymore
so me and me alone we got some beautiful
key that would of is good yeah but I'm
here for a good now yeah move it move
move out meatloaf the deans coming back
move me love Dean says I'm you can see
me love said yeah right
very interesting drinking powder you got
there pretty um but it is nighttime now
and Bart and I are unwinding and getting
ready to slow it down start getting
ready for bed because we got an early
call time tomorrow I am filming pregnant
power lifter for the bar Bob purdee
Channel and Bart is him Bart is filming
veins and games also going up on the bar
Bob rachana figures haven't seen it
please please please check it out
they're really really cool series that
I'm absolutely proud of pregnant power
lifting follows me through my pregnant
journey while still training in power
the theme specifically and it's really
really cool because before we before
becoming pregnant I really didn't know
if it was really safe or not to be
training and I know what the side
effects were to be training while
pregnant like you know what detriment
had had if any to your child and what
benefits have actually had and being
pregnant and still training
I've actually been absolutely in love
with it yeah there are those days where
I'm so exhausted and I'm just like uh I
don't want to train but ironically
enough when I don't train then at the
end of the day I have this crazy
headaches I feel like there's so many
not feel but I've read that there are so
many hormones passing through your body
that you know you're like on system
overload so then you tend you tend to
get tension headaches specifically so
I've noticed that I've been able to not
have those I've only had two since I've
been pregnant and I'm about five months
pregnant now but yeah because I'm
working out getting my heart rate up the
blood is pumping through my veins I'm
getting new blood cleaner blood um
circulating nicely that I get to relieve
a lot of that tension that I guess I
would potentially potential why can't I
speak potentially have this if I was
just sitting at home being sedentary so
absolute
we love that I absolutely love that
series so please check it out even if
you're just like curious as to what
happens you know to two women when
they're pregnant you know like a lot of
stuff changes physically emotionally and
mentally a lot of things change like I
can't say that on the same geo that I
was before I was pregnant so I highly
recommend watching that and then also
for part series of Fame's of games I
think this is really really cool because
at least when I first started
powerlifting I was informed and I just
read everywhere online that in order to
get stronger you have to be bigger you
have to be by bigger knives really fat
if you just have to gain more weight
your leverages are much better blah blah
blah so um I've just known power lifters
to just be chubby people but that's a
whole nother thing in and of itself but
another thing that's very interesting is
I've also heard on the flip that as soon
as you start losing a lot of weight and
you become significantly weaker so Bart
is actually trying to debunk both of
those while getting leaner and watching
your strengths go up so I highly
recommend you guys watching that too so
that you know if you're like I want to
be a power lifter but I don't want to
gain weight well guess what you don't
have to gain way buddy or if you're like
I want to lose weight but I don't want
to make strength I mean yes there is
some truth to that but come on now we
can do better so definitely check out
both of those series I highly recommend
it but I am out of breath all of a
sudden another interesting fact pregnant
fact is since the baby's growing in my
tummy a lot of my organs are getting
pushed everywhere
and one of things that's getting pushed
down are my lungs so I tend to breathe
in deeper because I am taking in less
air so I do get winded a lot quicker
than I used to do at crazy guys and gals
out there definitely give your mom a hug
because she went through some fucking
shit to have us like I respect the shit
out of my mom right now so I'm like I
can't
you had to go through all the shit mom
so more power to my pregnant female out
there on my mom's I love you you did a
great job you're doing a great job keep
it up because some press come here
all right Papa it's bedtime
yeah can you share with them our routine
so I routine today uh oh they don't even
know what that is first of all can you
demonstrate do a simple okay fine
so the routine is I have to pull my do I
get guys up in one and then I could pull
it out from underneath while we call the
big one which is moderated six is
freakin thick and it's warm and it's hot
that one is really hot I got this duvet
from Amazon and it is so fucking hot in
the middle and I am leo
but then Ansel because clobber always
had to turn the AC on let me show you
look right now it says the room is at 70
but he wants it at 67 lunga anyway so oh
okay and then what happened and then
what happened
it feels so good I just feel sorry but
hey loser that's not enough that I know
okay this looks so comfy I can't believe
these losers are just walking around I
just Smalley finally they tell me
whenever whenever my god is melt no
these heirloom beds are life it is a
sponsored video recently I wish right
tell me was but then what happened the
fucking oh my then what happened
damn we freaking go sleepy no we don't
that has been our routine don't lie then
honestly I get them a lot okay I made a
motor in there so what we do we uh turn
on TV at the cable mr. cable and someone
I think we're the we're the last house
on the block to the using cables someone
freaking ice cup in front of TV but
that's uh no no
you'll find that with me moving it over
Joey is so Asian we go what we usually
do is I don't know why a CD always does
it's always starts off and this weird
mullets I have to go into the format
let's look at the TV jailbreak the TV
isn't helping the pictures doesn't even
make sense
so I'll go here like that little like
this it looks better but I always set to
sleep who started that tradition 15
minutes small bear it so that you just
watch TV
get the put it for 20 can I even ready
yet 20 minutes major I could use do 15
or 30 yeah 30 but now what I think
better then we'll let nature take it and
then we get a little free ah ah that
what you mean by nature yeah yeah now
you were going on what do you mean
speaker that is this already happened
look at me bunk and do that which is
boss under the gold some time and it's
like fucking flamingo is a fucking
flapping rebel here's a dumb one flying
good night
alright guys as you can see from his
kinkier eyes he's ready to go to sleep
I'm don't I was like my cheeky when I'm
wearing the kinkiest robe ever but um
but I had a quad now if I could make
these jokes I'm a beaner fine so I'm
gonna I'm gonna go to bed now but a
little update from the baby bill again
let me show you let me show you this fat
belly look at this look at that fat
belly
baby I'm a bit busy in my belly
there's emmab Alexander Babbitt and that
oh okay bye good night penny
/ why bye bye
