can you get morning beautiful people so
I am at the office I believe I'm all by
myself
anyone here nope so far you here yet
No all right yeah all by myself I'm
about to make hot chocolate that I
didn't even bring with myself we have a
Keurig and there's a bunch of coffee and
tea here but since I'm pregnant
I can't really have too much caffeine so
since I can't have too much caffeine
because it's very detrimental to the
Bebek I'd rather just not have it at all
so therefore I say I don't have any
caffeine because I literally do not
drink any caffeine at least that I know
of so I bought these little Keurig hot
coco mixes and I don't like chocolate
but these are cool because it's barely
chocolate flavored because there's so
much water so if I get to drink
something warm that's kind of soothing
and i'ma drink it out of my puny little
mug unfortunately Trump is president but
yes I'm going to do that from
yesterday's barbecue my mama went
support OHS and she bought the guava
guava cream cheese pastry and I think
Porto's is Cuban I might be wrong but I
think it's a Cuban pastry place well
mainly known for the pastries they do
sell sandwiches but she asked me what
you want and I told her bro we gotta get
this then at the bottom is like a
half-eaten
hope mail cookie that I did not be
alright so right now I'm trying to book
some lodging because may um some of us
JK people's and some barbell people or
just some of us friends we really are
friends we are just trying to take a
one-week mini vacation to Hawaii and bar
tonight specific we are trying to make
this trip happen because that is the
last month that I will be able to fly
before my doctor's like oh you're in
your last trimester which means you're
in your last three months and it's not
safe for you to fly so you can't fly
anymore so maybe in the last month that
I can slide trying to book trip to
Hawaii and when we go to Hawaii we
really don't like going into hotels and
staying there just because but you can't
get the full the Y experience not to say
that it's bad or that it's for everyone
or that it's not for everyone but for us
at least an our group we really like to
Airbnb a lot of places and I just used
Airbnb because everyone knows what
Airbnb is but honestly I don't even use
there maybe I use a home away because I
feel like um they have a lot more
choices that one up but I'm having the
hardest time right now trying to find a
place I think it's been like 30 minutes
trying to find a place and I've spent
several days maybe 30 minutes in those
days to try to find it because like I'll
see stuff like this right so I'm looking
for a place Exley six people this one
sleeps ten but I want it to be
reasonable so I even have my calculator
up and then try to do the math right
Sasuke okay 370 how much is that going
to be so I go 379 times we're going to
stay 7-9
equals we're going to have six people
divide that by six that means each one
of us can have to pay four hundred and
forty-two dollars for that whole state
is it worth it and then another thing I
look for is for example this house was
actually pretty cool it slept eight
people or not slept sleeps any people
I'm looking at the pictures and I think
it's cool right like it has everything
we want it has AC it has a little bit a
pool every want me to big bed we need
that but this is what sold me we always
liked having a pool in Hawaii because we
don't always just want to be in salt
water sometimes I just wanna veg out at
home but it is a vacation we don't want
to do but I always want to read the
fine print so here it says come enjoy a
beautiful water letting high steps away
from the beautiful lighting a beach
whatever ever I'm home is locating a
large property this is where you got to
read it large property which is a double
lot which guesthouse in the back that is
also available for vacation rental that
shares the pool and laundry now that's
where you lost me bunny that good and
before I booked anything this isn't it
for all of you guys that want a book I
always ask them again before I book I
always ask them excuse me if there's
anyone going to be living on the
property because the last thing I want
to do is be surprised when I get there
because my experience is I show up to
this house no one's there and it's
perfect um I have heard of some stories
where people rent a place and there's
someone living in that house still and
it just becomes really awkward because
it's like you have no rapport with this
person they're a complete stranger and
now you have to sleep together under the
same roof it's just the weirdest thing
for me at least so I always have to make
sure that no one is living on the
property and about 90% of the homes that
I have contacted via emails they've been
like yeah we're going to have people
that live there my stepdad was there my
daughter-in-law with her one-year-old
child was there and I'm like what like I
don't understand like how does that save
at all but anyway just like of some few
tips for you guys out there that are
trying to book some stuff um I don't
always go with Airbnb I just feel like I
don't know I've never had much luck with
Airbnb and every time that I booked I
usually have booked via home away so um
not a paid sponsorship but just a little
piece of advice for you guys but yeah I
hope I can find something because it's
kind of coming around the corner rolls
all right so my workday end a little bit
early just because we didn't have the
meetings that we thought we were going
to have last-minute cancellations so
that was a okay for me because that
means I get to finish organizing this
place not necessarily decorating it yet
because we're just not there yet hang in
there guys I know this is this is a
struggle for but for both of us I swear
we're getting there
um but it's gonna be some time because I
was supposed to go and shop but it's
about almost three and if you have ever
visited LA or live in LA you know that
the traffic is horrendous out here not
to say that wherever you live is not
around us but I'm just saying where I
live right now it's bad and in my way or
in a route what I'm really trying to say
to get to the store so that I can see
what I can buy that we need around this
house I got hungry so I stopped by King
Taco because Bart hates King Taco he
really hates King Taco and hasn't had
any food but I had to go I had to go and
because I got keep talking taco I had to
come home so I got an all meat burrito
I've got you see what's on I'm like the
worst at holding a camera and talking
then I got this
I'm not shows and then I got I know guys
don't judge me I know I'm disgusting
but if you're tracking macros it's
really good to track macros especially
the only burrito because their beef is
low in fat just FYI
and I got some so bad oh and pineapple
water cannot forget you're out of Pina
it is so good don't take my word for it
you just go yourself so I'm about to
devour this and then I'll get back
with you later huh this blue don't know
what what is God coming to it
oh I'm so disgusted but I told you this
we were going to get it
sulfon done got miss out on nachos done
half of asada burrito just the meat done
I don't have very much here left Johnson
alright I didn't kill it as much of the
thousand for the but let me tell you
this is a lot for me to eat I would
never eat this much before being
pregnant so good this is nasty
I'm so gross oh so good so it's just
Ricky and I right now we're waiting for
Papa to pull up so we're just gonna wait
right pretty come here
we got to wait good alright what did he
say
where's he yes let's see what Papa said
he says
he says he's one minute away ready for
him yeah we usually see him come in that
direction what that direction we're
going to wait web brakes we got this
well some of our neighbors right Briggs
we got this Briggs all right so I'm
going to sit here until I look at Papa
Bear gets home I know we're super Cunha
like that whoa okay mr. spot huh Bruce
it's the spot that's the spot that's his
but I keep staring at the gate and every
time I see the gate open I turn on the
camera no Mike it's not hugger
oh it's not him that's been me for like
the past 10 minutes right now just
sitting here hoping papa bear gets back
I didn't like Brady we just don't stand
by huh Briggs Ricky Briggs right we're
strolling for dad all right pretty you
don't rest that on rest it's not sit
good girl
yeah you smell them nothing nope do we
see anything no Briggs all right it's
just children this is chip Oh another
message
well another message from papa bear look
what he says almost thank you for the
updates papa we're waiting for you
but as I'm waiting um good - can't come
out and play because one likes to eat
other dogs
aka meatloaf so if he sees another dog
there's no way in hell I could sprint
after him and catch him and then the
other one is completely terrified of
humans and noises and it leaves falling
and birds and concrete and air and if
any of that happens it she's gonna freak
out and when she freaks out she doesn't
listen anymore and I can't control her
so as soon as that happens I'm
another one that listens is this buddy
right here help 3 come here there you go
good girl
such a good listener so because of that
she gets to kick it with me but
depending on the situation I'll bring
one dog with me um so we could bond a
little bit we haven't done that ever
actually but that was one of the things
that people from or the trainer's not
people but the trainers from Zenda whoo
there's another one ah she sent me an
image but I can't see it but yeah the
people from the trainer's they're not
people me they are people but they're
trainers they told us that dogs need to
bond with their owners one on one so
it's really good to spend one-on-one
time of them oh and guess who's here
come here Bri look who's that
I see someone I see um look at that
he spotted Esprit he could step breaking
he's bought it is pretty who is it who
is it is that Papa and Papa
Oh somebody servile EGH look brick me
with that this your papa
these are you powerful he doesn't see us
yet breaky I don't think he sees us I
think he messed up any part to close the
truck to get his stuff out see if I'm
right I don't think he sees us
nope he didn't see us yet I know you did
but I get his stuff just so happy usual
a view how come you're waiting you to
you so much you know that guy do you
know that guy do you know that guy I met
you I saw Joe for like the past I don't
know how many minutes I was ever playing
it so happy
who's that you should dummy you big
dummy you won't go back inside use
yourself hi Nico miley's we're good girl
do you drop brie I know her I was
correct
hey girl Roma love you are you tired huh
okay go inside go inside
we're funny humble oh look maybe does it
go inside now let's get all that
paperwork oh he wants to play do you
want to play cutie boy me love ya that
your toy oh happy me Breda why you want
them go get it now it's a burrito I mean
it's kind of like a taco no anymore
no eat it fat boy
Papa Bear I brought home the owl from
yes hey I just get home and popular was
fun about how he's tired and high needs
to answer emails but look at what I
catch him doing going housework no I'm
not housework if you really care about
housework you would fine the dishes are
upstairs and put them here but these are
your toys no don't know why Jesse's
could be a toy tell me I'm wrong I love
you mmm
Oh just make sure doesn't get in the way
of this guy yeah
can I see what boy yeah I'll show you
later okay almost done fine
oh you need to get your next fix like
that turn to the left more oh my god
good you're right more look at mine
so tell me center-left same thing this
is you more what right thank you
fine you're a little out of it no oh
you're a robot
oh well I'm going to show you after
you're done with a little soldier
cute neither I don't need to sink you'll
see the trade but just in case is below
or not is this the toast yep that's it
get repeated there oh that's not it how
many just one right when you put it face
up on the 25 that's what I want it fits
in don't keep this here Bonnie 3 slip on
the bass that piece that things up yes
like that such a cool those lines we're
just going to pop off a smile family
hope I'm a one very well I just put
normal a small device because it does oh
yeah like Brendan and spot you dr. Ramel
and I just thought that's it : I you
always will do the dishes
oh hi yes what seemed I thought what you
get first of all I'll show you what I
bought myself so why does it always
start off with you give yourself as well
I got TV pants but feel these whoa I
know there's like I don't know they're
like this weird but I ball yeah BAM
and then I got TV Oh short literally
beat each other yes literally your PJs
cabin I've hired the ninja turtle I like
to switch it up and present on and look
like I adults and since I'm a Kuan now I
want to go finger ding ding ding ding
ding that's Japanese or something
another sort of thing sometimes I get to
Lebanon 2/3 all ok fine all right so
that that's I got myself good there's
like this weird collection of
the brand of at Marshall that's
where I got extra one for cool when we
have guests and we want people to take
their shoes off but that extra lawyers
for me ok fine for you and then I got
these two hey before you ever me fine I
got you
and then I got you this the spice rack
but then you'll be able to see what's
happening where oh
just foul haha really I needed
 with you you know the spicen
jealous and that's the problem it's got
to like this yes see what's behind
whatever but I saw the type out of you
come bathroom and then this is for hot
stuff you're rated and then since you've
ruined my little pause and how to get
other one o cure me I know Isabel pause
microfiber I said bullet dude you're bad
you do really
hey watch this clean it from you then
you can have a dripper and then I got
its microfiber towels I think this is
the most boring is Marshalls trip I ever
mean where does that go it right here
the placemat not a towel but when you
wash your dishes are so Oh boom that's
literally all I was able to find they
have the most weirdest going on and
that is it what let me attend I just
want this stuff not it's a waste of time
where was it you got a lot of good stuff
no like kidding just be trooper dad a
huge skinny yeah I yeah
oh these are from her sir me you as Papa
eats his ice cream and watch his games
of New York Amen little cutie little 10g
winnings and I think we're going to go
to bed now what do you think are you
doing that was happening over there host
enough explosive
okay well yes I think it's bedtime now
right now can I talk with this no come
on
are you acting you know I don't know
scream fine okay good night boys close
up
