we're about to start our weekly Friday
company-wide barbell Brigade meeting I
think right now we're just missing Co oh
yeah instead of the thrill in Vegas at a
cigar gentlemen Aria what's your
favorite part of these meetings every
week every week my favorite part is to
see how like the company is progressing
and how we're getting better and
learning like new aspects and how we can
improve this company so that's like my
favorite part and bringing everyone
together it's really legit for a it's so
that's tight
yeah for those of you guys who don't
know churro is our photographer and six
late what I'm just kidding
are you trying to grow in the side parts
of your face yeah because it might be
back they look a lot she sure so I
needed another thing we were discussing
with Dimas do Mexican ever get lined up
because look at us or some shit
look at his beard super clean everything
and then take off the Hat whoa god damn
so don't get my notes I just look funny
with a line if I got a line on mo
try to be Mickey Mouse or what yeah
seriously not know but let's get didn't
get line up oh I'm not I'm not that hurt
you know do you have a line up on the
facial I don't know my Vitus of my
barber just do what you want and he
doesn't and I guess he did this I don't
know looks lame you look for a weekend
okay yeah I mean that's and that's Marie
Marie is our fashion illustrator you
have anything of a sneak peak weekly
show them of what you do
what can I show me my deffenbaugh uncle
shoes you're thinking about I don't know
I look very good okay so over here we
have some stuff going to come out with
for 2017 it's some poly blend stuff
which is like a specific knit thing and
then in 2018 we're coming out some
compression so that's it
what about you Evan Evan is one of our
director videographers what's one of
your favorite things about how easy I
just like gossip so so what's our
favorite concept was the first it's
usually involving whatever Ren's doing
just because I hear she doesn't you know
always do her part by her tail
your sister gossip this week rent what
did you fuck up this week oh just really
a lot oh it's gonna be a long meeting
today it's actually gonna run over oh
good looking those are always messing up
all the time that's very true you guys
how about to start
we just banged out our weekly
company-wide meeting and now or on our
way to barbell brigades a gym because
now we have family fun my screen time
and this is one of my favorite times of
the week actually because you know a lot
of times we film and we train and then
like so the fun stuff is going to turns
into work but then now we can just train
and then have fun what's not worried
about working just listed for the love
of listed you like that part of it yeah
I really like that it's so for me I love
schedules but then I also like a break
in that schedule so give me a routine
and I'm comfortable with it I make it
work but once in a while switch it up on
me and I'm just like excited all over
again so the fact that um we break it up
and Friday becomes half work and then
the rest of the day is Fon Fon Fon then
I get really happy especially being out
in the Sun I love being in the Sun I
love feeling the Sun touch my skin
because I'm always indoors like Monday
through Thursday I'm indoors all day
through being out in the Sun I just
right now even though we're not really
in the Sun but like I see the Sun during
the Sun it feels good just feels like
reminds me of recess it's still alive no
resets you come on in just playing in
the Sun and just like goofing around and
then you're throwing stuff at people did
you
no pulse not much it feels really really
good yeah you're weird generally girls
doesn't have you here for the girls
nipple just refine yeah yeah no no weird
you know what I can't believe is how
much downtown LA is changing if you look
in the front right now
like there's no trash a very clean
building all these mom-and-pop shops
people walking around like normal people
not the typical zombies that you see
there on crack oh yeah look at this kind
of like this is so there's like normal
people shopping and eating downtown la
is changing it's crazy
yeah but yeah it looks like because
everyone they always come to downtown in
LA and they think it's going to be like
this big metropolitan city and they come
there they see nothing but crackheads
and leather and graffiti all over the
place yeah but now it's actually
cleaning up and it has deal of the city
but now it's actually feeling good it
almost makes me like wish man I had a
million dollar gonna buy a house in the
middle of downtown like like the place I
would live in out before just because I
know is going to go up in value
oh okay not because I get there not to
live there because I you know we lived
in downtown we didn't really I like the
suburbs but but because I know how
downtown's gonna be I thought I had the
money but they not I had all the
acronyms
their culprit as you
I came home with shit ton of packages in
a really static because I bought some
legit cutlery extension supply and one
of them of which is a professional
professional Japanese knife set I'm
really excited about that but about all
time stuff so this is one of the first
thing that I'm opening whoa and can you
guess what this is not fair and nice oh
I believe this is the cleaver that I
ordered
so cleaver your cleaver yeah the thing
that your monster right you yes
so the dnumber mom taught that me with
but it's also the weapon of choice for
the Asian triad but also for Chinese
cuisine not sustained carrying the sharp
things that can cook anything so this is
I mean like you can chop anything and I
yeah yeah this shirt so this is a
all-purpose knife and I'm glad this came
in put that away
let's see what we got here let's see
what we got
I wonder what's in this pot but probably
I don't know who I wouldn't get that is
it here look how tall these boxes are
I'm freaking 6 4 2 gumbel going all the
way up to my eye
but uh-oh
so this one is premium cooking utensil I
think I want chibi on this so on the fun
stuff on the cool stuff I want expensive
Oh get myself looking edgy I'm and this
one old I went chibi because oh but I
still wear silicone tip so I did some
research mama did you know that a
silicone test is one of the most
recommended thing I always thought it
was no no the plastic Moe silicone is
actually softly it doesn't hurt your
expense this possum pad so I got
everything a silicone tip about you know
touch it it's really fun yeah
Oh David this air rush touches little
Wiggly oh shit they're not touch this
little Wiggly oh if you make mashed
potatoes use this no just right off the
imagine just scoops right off the
Tianjin
BAM
and then this so there's David
recommended me to get this scam so I can
yell at him right because you spent a
lot of my mean David Suzuki you said no
David to dunk you that expensive about
what the fuck is wrong no but my my
friend David Suzuki he's managed to
cooking yeah I never hey it's anyone and
then he told me that he told me that
this is probably the best nonstick
credit you can get and usually most
non-stick pans because it's made out of
Teflon you can't see us they can't get
that nice char but this one because it's
not made out of that it's made out of
ceramic titanium you can actually get
really high heat so I'm pretty excited
about this can't wait to make a snake on
this
oh shit you know it's fuckin legit when
it comes with a little mitten here
where's it for the love of money man
just for the love of good food
oh it's whips me yeah isn't it no it's
mine oh I'm done mark yeah yeah sorry I
thought I thought it was a cross yeah
look at this this is legit you feel how
heavy duty this is the actual area Tom
thought wow this is this thing is so
fucking beastly you can go straight from
the pan and into the oven uh you can't
do that with other one no so what don't
walk in the ah well you can you can go
and then finish the steak off in the
oven like you're the pros do it those
little o-ring sam-i-am
and what's my Japanese nice step though
what's in here what do you think this is
mama pig again did you guys give me
anything I don't even know either that's
why I'm making it's a clay board maybe
you got a penny more yeah we have two of
them I have one but I also bought one
more legit one because it's a little bit
it's a little bit slightly softer wood
so that your knives last longer
oh it's exactly what it is this is this
even it I don't know what is this
Oh some barbecue utensils I'll let you
be on this to the barbecue stuff you
don't got to be expensive
oh man this is just to get the job done
no need I'm going to put all this stuff
away and of course fine
so this one is Wyatt why are they doing
this and what do you think they're doing
this to me for doing what I don't know
I'm looking for my knife and everything
but the knife has come is opening
everything but another small bear I ran
an energy today
Oh Oh too soon damn ha ha ha check this
out
baby are you ready wow this is gonna be
the centerpiece shine this will be a
centerpiece for this whole kitchen so
the reason why I got this one too is not
just because it's dope but also looks
dull cuz you know I don't know jack-shit
about cooking but you gotta get some
legit and since that these black
cabinets the wood block it comes in its
came black wood it's so straight
Wow how's the deceiving box don't want
to talk I thought it was going to be
like I thought it's going to be skinnier
but not oh shit
damn yeah I feel like I've bought
electronic you think I could pull it or
nothing I think I'm supposed to open
this without turning the box with you eh
mama you're supposed to on this alright
now slip shirt is closed awesome well
maybe this time already I am supposed to
tear it up
I don't think so no this looks like it's
me with it care so it is amazing said
maybe turn this case I mean this shit
man holy Wow
Jeremy fucking Japanese fucking high
quality shit
right now all four comes with the
umpires that lend a paw
Oh Dennis Paloma more empires vessel to
play - do we have prey on three players
oh look at this wood block so this is
what I'm talking about why it's going to
be the premises of the whole kitchen
plus you're gonna like it
look at that you see that would you know
what mum oh yeah nine zero nine welcome
sneaky as motherfucker I thought it was
supposed to be Japanese made but we'll
keep that to ourselves when the guests
come over but everyone that watches this
vlog no no but the people when the
guests come over yes what don't look
like we put the knife here
oh-ho I'm stupid all you see is this
mark see I got this
Sam see that yeah oh damn it you guys
love her funny look at this you do that
smooth oh I think this is this is the
moment that you've been waiting for a
moment
hear me yeah I watch it about cooking or
knives
Costco IKEA use all the same to me
scissors same who to shop in your my
nice shopping Elsa feel adored all shit
once again this fancy Japanese
contraption made it in China but we when
we take it out of the box it's mean in
China no one will have to know oh yeah
but look at the handle though ooh that's
pretty
yeah nice so no one will have to know
that it's made and why you put it over
there
what bringing you I could see you put it
together yeah cool it's like a sword
damn look at you nice to meet in China
this one is mmm not sure but it's very
sharp these knives are very sharp
careful careful
but look at that see that beautiful
isn't it yeah
nice and smooth holy guacamole
oh this one's is handcrafted in Japan so
the important stuff so this thing they
call this like Damascus which means like
I think there's like 30 layers of
individuals still that they tone it
together oh and this is a 16 degree
cutting angle so it's really really
cooking
sure
the next one nice of that blue dress was
a chef's knife might argue on it no I
just tell by the shape actually never
mind especially I think I was a sent to
school but BAM look at that isn't that
beautiful
see I got it specifically for the design
move it open now
there you go scared oh damn
are you ready does this make you want to
cook more now false no might wanna cook
less why I've had bad encounters with
sharp knives I always cut myself I'm
fuckin just visitors to once oh so this
was the santoku knife and this is this
just knife and this is a paring knife I
believe yes sir so this is what you do
like little vegetables little cut little
pears in here design and stuff look and
last but not least it even comes with
some legit scissors haha you're making
three different ones no this is the
piece that I bought though about the six
piece so the way it comes is like this
and then later on you can put more in
depth there's only one two three four
five and a block of six oh I don't think
a block would be considered at peace
oh these are high-quality shears do so
this one it's also made in Japan and
it's a good kind where you can take it
apart and wash individually but shears
are really important in the in the shear
that's what Sarah oh that's what your
calls this year the corner I don't
what's this for I think this is probably
for when you're cooking and bad guys
come then you need facts like you just
say I don't know I don't know that was a
very creative dumping but but did did it
pay off the way I want to do look like
it yeah beautiful
looks great yeah it's beautiful
keep in the drawer yeah so nobody would
seize that bull beautiful papa
what about this one oh that might be
what might that be
that might be that possum pants that I
got to get some more boxes oh this can't
Ireland
nothing special this whole box deuces at
a desk Oh Oh another one
wanna give me food without orders you on
accident
I don't think so but not as I do argue
one to lucky or you can play strong
symbol and the left but not least right
put those scissors you can use those
knife no no no that's people who young
now all of a sudden you would use the
knives at home all the time so this is
legit these are some actual lights I
think this is a like pretty much
professional great consumer pots and
pans but all class and I just like to--
stuf you like dope stuff yeah empty all
class set see that handcrafted in the
u.s. of America okay
damn these things do not want you guys
to open them off you're stupid
we should offer oversee this limited
lifetime warranty do absolutel business
yeah we should we do all these things
and all of our new dishes we should
throw all the dishwashers we use them a
step
it's for helping me but now I feel like
a a legit chef does better I feel like a
legit chef that legit follow like
stainless steel it's these things that
stainless steel on the outside so it
stands literally almost anything but
inside it's an aluminum core so it
conducts heat like crazy so these you
can get really really hot and it's
awesome see 1810 stainless steel cooking
surface will not react to Fuchs a lot of
stuff we ask the food oh yeah good job
papa
okay Jim a warm water in that of course
baby
okay the water's going to taste
delicious alright this is awesome stuff
I thought everything that's it awesome
Joe dirty bit I did I did Wow if an
intruder comes in full does it's been a
chance kind of want to just hang them
you know a restaurant to just hand them
yeah King yeah that's about it
good job papa I love it you're all
enthusiastic you are but all the kitchen
should is if it's really yeah that being
scary I'm going to move away those just
sharp knives for so you just it freaks
me out
oh you're you're you really okay
good job great purchases thank you
