I just get out of the shower and you
know what I see Wow look at this little
hat like a substitute teacher where are
you going looking like that
this only success pitched me right now
you're good my baby coming if you were
my substitute teacher I'd have a rock on
hard on comment yeah
sublime I'd be a third grader that
doesn't want to stand up because he's
tucking a little I don't need that you
can't third grade it gross
I'm serious really yeah I still look at
pornos when I was in third grade why the
magazines the hell look I did back to
picking lazy dad don't do anything now
they're lazy but you look very very
classy oh thank you I feel like your
fault the way that I saw you out
immediately offer you wine oh yeah but
would you care for some wine and I think
if I was a waiter and I saw me like this
but uh do you want orange juice sir I'd
be that guy I mean how about you make me
feel very pretty like this guy can't
afford anything besides juice and coke
but there's a lady we have a 1957 is
uniform oblong caucus common we all
wanna like I don't think you Popeye you
make me some very pretty
this is my morning regimen for JK news
black coffee with extra ice which they
get about 50% of the time because
apparently that's not extra ice it's all
melted but the magical thing about
McDonald's that a lot of people don't
know they sleep on this because they are
not a drink expert like I am McDonald's
straws have the perfect diameter for a
pleasurable drinking experience so this
is bigger than most straws just a little
bit and you get so much liquid that's
right when you drink McDonald's coffee I
mean that coffee coke it's so refreshing
if you want you don't get that with
anything on watching me get this one
Jamba Juice right let's check it out I
picture it skinnier see look at that
BAM just a hair skinnier and the hair
makes all the desperate let me see milk
see Julia on milk tea places because I'm
a drink extra I'm having a look at it
with my eyes closed with my iPhone I
could tell you it's wasting it's fucking
bullshit go out there because when you
compare that to a bulldog is that's
fucking bullshit little fucking weekend
so you never get your thirst quenched
out of fucking milk in place but bulb is
different all about you're trying to get
solids at the bottom and if you ever
drink liquids with a bulb of straw yeah
it is a horrible spin it's like you are
given a blowjob it's like am i doing
work or am i gay my thirst quenched I
don't want to give a blowjob and I'm
kind of freaking get hydrated so
McDonald's hats off to you once again
you know the perfect diameter or strong
you also forget in the fact
super sick I'm starting they're very
sturdy when you go like this you know
like the the og way of taking that uh
the freakin foreskin off it doesn't pop
strong I wasn't thinking about it other
saws did yeah okay guys I have baby bed
heavy LED whoa all right for the baby
but you don't even know I'm just a boy
or girl yet I know something that can be
for both boy and girl
yeah the cutting like for a boy but I
claw girl as I say thank you thank you
why does this do yeah all right you buy
you bought this for Isaac he didn't want
where I can't wait I can't wait
how come guide become adult clothes
don't come in a set like that with like
and socks are there's the glove I'm not
their only kid stop coming the whole set
fucking fucking bitches yeah I'm tired
of putting my own outfit together yeah I
know I want to fucking Ninja Turtles
t-shirt they just it'll stock looking it
shows how do you like it yeah it's cute
it's awesome hey dad came back and
trying to give us a whole shit ton of
little like outfits and some yeah but
this is an outfit to go out his arm or
like to lounge around the house
Derek hella cute too that comes with uh
it has like a beanie the socks and then
like one of them has like a bear on his
chest and I take pink with little ears
how cute Olivia
boy thank you very much it's what I said
that's why I asked my dad what have a
boy you know what it is later on doesn't
matter I'm like Big Sky to be warm I
feel like I owe her my kids were in both
colors mm-hmm
when you're gonna tell us damn it
soon it's too late it's done now at this
point I know I know what you mean it
wasn't you bang we've we've been a
plague Nadine no we've been wanting to
tell people but a lot of the fans also
want to see like a reveal video that's
why I want to know all right they don't
for some reason they don't want they
think it's too lukewarm before just like
it's a horse and they're like ah that's
it mouth like I don't care what's the
matter the baby's foot pattern that's
true that's not true the savior of JK
news just came in to the cafe so does
the crack of coffee what I love about
leaves though what they really kill it
at and they have crushed ice right right
here and they have big-ass Ice Cube's so
if you're looking for a long-term chill
and you know how much I like cold drinks
this is the best the little shaved of
crushed crumbled ice whatever the fuck
is called it cools it but then the big
ice cubes has this nice slow milk and
this stays hella cold for a long time
this is delicious I love you these
coffee sponsor me so for lunch I got two
things I got my bangin meals to stay on
track and it's really good and today I
get a pineapple fried rice it's
delicious with a bunch of shrimp but for
my mouth my guilty my guilty dirty and
naughty mouth I got got a mint and so
Google which means meat in its juices
and it's this bomb at soup that tip
introduced me to it is so good oh my
dear Lord it's a cilantro lime
concoction-- and so i'm going to eat
this for charge is gonna put me the fuck
out maguet buco mama knock out really
quick what did you eat my bad
that's avoid chicken so it's just boiled
chicken chicken rice salad and then it's
just topped with some salsa and some
ginger is that your favorite food
yeah what ginger or salsa
oh this Dole dish is my favorite yeah it
is just so clean and Marty you like
clean foods healthy I love anything you
do look like a sexy stuff Ginger's fuck
thank you bosses right maybe know what I
look like
nobody look sexy that's it maintain ok
fine got it thank you makes me looking
at cleavage of the shirt fine
oh yeah yeah what did you guys get would
you get Jess all you got the hi night
you can do thing is do ooh do you like
mine and chicken uh yeah I do actually
it's a really good way of eating chicken
breast surprisingly it's so juicy huh
his greatest thing in the world
I've never met anyone that's hated
that's a boy you always taught us all I
was so highly about it maybe because you
ate it so much but you always talk so
highly about it every single week but
yet you don't get it yeah because of
that you ate a lot one patch of time
where we were filming Jake you party and
jakey news and for both of those filming
days for lunch we have some voice yeah a
good month straight I think it was on
like I got sick of it I can't like I
never thought I would get sick of the
voice with that time but you got that
got a neck into who Gordo mo I chopped
up the mute a little smaller like I
don't matter a lot it's amazing I know
the timing that's what Joe got to the
garnet in Google in his juices very
scraping 11 yeah try and get all the
lemon juice in there DUP it's really
good with the thesis and it's got free
Hornets
so if you need a fart let it go
No
can you say whatever good nothing okay
Marcy zona is the fastest Laura I don't
know why really singing in Spanish just
replaying in my hands are like um it's a
Christmas off
but Hills independent you heard it Tommy
have justice cry not even know what
happened
so now like I can treat lui hey that's
awesome oh my god wow thank you
what song are you playing Christmas song
who died oh I thought I was gonna play
an instrument
you're gonna play YouTube what's always
so funny
I think it's called mama fuck check
something where is Santa Claus like the
lasting eggs because what is there
zombies oh you've heard it watching I
love some random shit
now you two singing forever alone
alright
mom are three steps you have heard it
already is Mexican Jackson Ricky Martin
I don't know whose it is on look I never
heard in my life
if the jacket doctor think of is
functional where were you at Christmas
Lanza another year all the time it's the
most wonderful time
are you really going played out your
wedding yeah yeah
I was just showing them my stomach Tibet
so look like this stuff what I did last
week yeah I mean it it was good I am do
that now rainy just growing up your
thought is bad no hard no look at my
wrong it just look like you're just like
ate a lot or you're just a body look at
all right God already know where you
fucking alien pocus let's grow little
baby is so tight I know it's really
crazy it's like you're sorry and if
you're so fucking fat bellies out I told
you what it'll be so much better than
your mother how do my hands off my song
so I was a remote Hannah Jake doesn't
take that thing to be the improvement
version of you I like this guy on my own
first in the Nashville I'm really
interested in what this guy or girl is
gonna look like actually Fame I'm really
confused tackle doesn't have a big head
like choice probably he's gonna take it
I do my fucking pagina with that dome
but you got a big hair too so it's
probably twice that again don't were
using maybe like 10,000 right imagine a
10-pound baby behind resin house were
you a chunky baby mm-hmm
down well do you know how much it was I
was eight pounds I can rip your mom's
vagina I know the most babies are like
six or seven pounds right yeah average
how do you hide realistic sometime good
6.6 I remember the aren't you I remember
to do this I mean nothing also but what
you get here in here David
no off me got better about me don't like
even touches no yeah you know I said it
much is
look at this cute fuck god damn you're
too fucking Chinese dumpling hello you
were a baby hmm I barely found out my
fuckin PUD type really what is it oh
yeah you were here Oh positive football
you're all positive I think I'm negative
hey you guys got golden blood dude mega
control yeah Mexicans not me yeah odelay
by the day give you that did you do the
glucose test yet then all we have to
drink is Nazi and no what's that one for
that's to make sure that you don't have
diabetes oh I hope I hope I did the
technology of events because you were
segment what almost to me without a
million oh my god oh my god they meant
like out loud sounds crazy huh time that
is one of the perks of being a young mom
though it happened 10 years ago but you
still young
that's true it looks like every man I
need any kids yet so hmm
teen pregnancy okay a lot of other
things to look for to keep ladies
they stayed like back to fatigue
afterwards we can get better if not the
second Oh what for Asian moms like you
can't get the youth hot if you know why
let me get broader shoulders yeah we get
yoked cuz your body gets wired yeah I
like the tiny little pinch in my race oh
I want go ahead it would actually go in
but not anymore in a logistics oh you
still look petite if you've got a little
perfectly anymore adolescent girl but
okay time to go I'll change oh go on the
lights are they red red red yay just got
home
finally after a long day of JK news and
these guys did you miss me did you miss
your mama Papa we have to leave the TV
on all day just so kind of distracts
them from all the sounds that are
happening outside because we don't want
to barking all day and be those
neighbors that are always making noise
with the barking dog' and as you can see
we also have a shit ton of packages that
came in we just brought them all in
right now so I don't even know what half
of these things are I did order really
dope Japanese knife set and I did order
all class stainless steel pots and pans
and I order some other stuff I don't
even know right now so I'm so glad that
the weekend is almost here so we can
finally get another chance at attacking
and cleaning up and organizing our house
wolf looks tired
what's cuny mama Oh
I checked up on them with that that
video camera right yes today was the
first day that they spent a full day
without us by themselves and being a mom
I do worry also I want to be a very fair
to our neighbors and I don't want my dog
to be barking so that's why is like I
wanted to get back camera in the first
place and it specifically opted for the
one that I can hear what they're doing
and I can talk to them or that resist
yeah but when I checked up on them today
if I had to give them a grade I would
give them an A cuz he killed it yeah I
didn't expect all so cute so one day
warm barking look it I think it was like
at 1 know at 3 p.m. yeah Ricky was
knocked the fuck out soon right here so
I got that still nice and then look it
over here fine we'll just knock the fuck
out good job guys keep knocking now
we're us
was over there he's not another problem
it is what - good job he barked a little
bit but I think he barked enough to let
whoever whatever you heard no like yo
I'm working here
yeah and then do this job yeah and then
he chill look good job me look good job
Yeah right good job boy good job boy is
so proud of you
I'm so proud of you want some he was so
proud of me you did a good job Rick you
don't fly my sweater
fucking fucking fuck all right free
composure
the guy in the air all the muscles too
much no it's okay look you know Sarah
held up there is a party give it a 40 we
did not depart something called sleep
yes yeah just that seemed fine kill that
emoji kill that emoji toy every D so
they be heard good to me the late night
we're gonna call it a night and I'll go
to sleep see you guys tomorrow
