hi guys so today is going to be a pretty
chill day for me it's another day off
from filming so it's a good day because
that means I get to stay home and
organize our place in a little bit more
um unfortunately for Bart it's not quite
a day off he has a meeting but then
after the meeting we're going to get
back together and we're going to take
care of the rest and I can't wait to
show you guys what I got them it's the
cutest stuff ever and like I said
yesterday I think I spent way too much
money but it's gonna be worth it it's
gonna be super cutie but for today I'm
basically organizing and unpacking
because there's just so much to do like
I gotta put these pads underneath the
chairs just so that they could glide I
got it installed these guys got to put
that away um gotta return these because
I thought they were due keeps duvet
covers but they're poof's so they're
like this thick it's like a duvet but
it's not thought that's really weird
um and then don't even let me get
started in the garage worse there's shit
all over the place
and there's nowhere to start but that
alley that corner over there are just
boxes that I need to break down because
we seriously live off of online and
everything that we've been getting for
our house has been stuff that we
received online so I need to break those
boxes down and I don't know like it's an
exciting time because I get to furnish
and organize my home but at the same
time it's kind of a little bit stressful
because I feel like cool I did so much
work today where nothing changed but
whatever first hole problem is not a big
deal
all in all bottom line I'm saying I'm
super grateful for having to stay off
I'm even more grateful for being able to
have a home and I am the most grateful
that you guys have been with me since
day one
my red or dyes and I'm so so grateful
for all of that but
with all that being said I gotta get
back to work because this year ain't
gonna send itself back that ain't going
to clean the top up that she's not going
to get services
she's not gonna figure though okay
you guys saw me put together the bed and
this is the end result of the bed I
actually found this at Urban Outfitters
believe it or not and what you guys saw
before Bart pick that up because we had
guests over you know super last minute
were like oh just kind of everything so
he got like this pattern and it was a
little too dark for me I kind of want
the overall theme of the house to just
feel light airy pastel II very neutral
very comfortable so that's why I went
with these guys right here
that's the bed I'm waiting on a
nightstand um what is it like a drawers
I'm going to put a big mirror here but
those aren't in yet so the core pending
I do want to put a painting in here like
it's really plain so this is just a
guest room and you guys also saw me put
together the bathroom I did change it
from the previous sharper than I had
just because I don't know I'm kind of
really excited to be using the kid okay
so the big baby in me already is
planning so I got the cutest little
shower curtain I could find
I'm sure there's Peter but I thought
this was super cute because very neutral
like adults can enjoy it too and then
look at what's holding up the shower
curtain he said that that was really
cute I got a matching trash
it's really nice mr. Renick who is 3 B
or on it and then to match that set
I got tissue dispenser toothbrush holder
that hasn't been closed anything in a
couple towels here they're definitely
wrinkled but hopefully just being out
and about here though under equal
themselves are normal but I'm going to
start building stuff are inside the
cupboard similar to what it did in my
own bathroom I'm going to do in here and
then I'm going to build this little
caddy for inside of the shower because
there's really nowhere to put shampoo
and conditioner as big as these bad boys
so that's all I'll be doing next good
times
but first what are you guys doing what
are you doing are you doing
you getting so cute you guys definitely
look related but you're not yes how cute
meatballs my little meatball meatball
bender your name you names meatloaf huh
bleeding is your name meatball
I need welcome amoeba oh yes my you're
smart
ready yes mom Wiggy you cutie pie okay
back to what all right so this is what's
super dope about the German Shepherd
breed so I'm here just building away my
little two-tier cabinet organizer have
my little IKEA toolbox ready to go all
the parts but my buddies they're always
next to me no matter what I'm doing they
stay next to me and German Shepherds
have been the one consistent breed that
constantly do that consistent constantly
Wow holy redundancy but yeah they're the
breed that are always always always next
to me and I've had dogs my whole life
I've had beagles I've had Dalmatians
I've had months I've had it
and I feel like at least this can in
here Ricky she's learning all her
behaviors from her brother and her
sister which are German Shepherds and
it's just the coolest breed ever like
they just feel so connected to you like
if you don't own a German Shepherd you
might just be like a dog's a dog dude
like what's the big deal because that's
exactly what I did when Barton Hunt
Tyson and he was like saying how
connected he is to Tyson and tensions
more than a dog I'm like all right I get
it like you have this emotional
attachment to this animal but our dog is
a dog is the dog is a dog and then once
I started living with Tyson who was a
German Shepherd then I was like oh shit
I've always had dogs and those are dogs
I think just act like you just add like
that but with was Tyson and with
meatloaf and flan like I talked to them
and they're like oh I get it I can't
what you're saying oh really
tell me more and and they're just very
in tuned with you like you know what I'm
happy to know where I'm sad and I know
this isn't anything out of the ordinary
from just a knob but I don't know I keep
so hard to describe if any of you guys
own a German Shepherd and know what I'm
talking about chime in here and let
everyone else but German Shepherds or
has a fucking shit like they're that
perfect family dog balanced with like a
crazy guard dog like they're one of the
top most aggressive breeds out there and
it's crazy because pit bulls get the
crazy Rhett for but German Shepherds are
crazier than pit bulls but pickles are
cute as fuck too but yeah not only are
they super crazy aggressive they are
also top five when it comes to being the
smartest breed out that I think they're
number three or number four um yeah so
just a crazy little rant about my pups
because you never make me feel lonely
they always got my back
no matter how boring it is no matter
what it is I'm doing no matter how
hungry they are they're always by my
side when I eat they eat when I relax
they relax but for the most part they're
on guard 24/7 rock on German shepherds
okay so - success is one sale
I succeeded at installing the shelving
underneath their sink so success works
great it looks great okay success number
one was that show you success number two
right here pretty good it's pretty good
now on the cell with the freakin chatty
this shit is hard I don't understand why
keeps playing so this is essentially it
I'll keep adding shelving but this
motherfucker gonna have this description
but this right here I don't know how to
prevent it from sliding up and down look
at that oh and I used all kinds of tools
to tighten it but I just can't tighten
it so I have to stop here I have to know
when I've been defeated and I have to
know when it's Father's time to comment
so so that that and another one that I
felt that this morning that I didn't
even talk about but not until I talk
about my fails if I remember that I fail
that this one is just once funny either
going to laugh
this is so pathetic this with our hamper
it's a really cute hamper however I
can't tighten it go ahead so oh my god
it's so cute a little but look at this
it's all wobbly because I can't tighten
it anymore
so of course I need the monster hands
clawed bear to help me with this but
it's another fill on my port building
shit is so hard I don't get it I don't
get it I don't get it okay I'm keep
moving
well they were fucking meatloaf done he
always tries to bite into the rat cakes
I need to spit this any
fix it that holds pretty big what a
fucking savage bastard then it hurt his
teeth I wanted his canine there well you
only have the one that that's sharp
the other three they're gone this whole
dull now and he's fucking stupid
I wonder what parent you got that from
you yeah what you so mean I don't know
oh you're actually trying to fix it all
right now real quick real quick
I thought trying to go home you always
do the most interesting stuff real quick
big enough enough to get up and read
fuck the rat are not going to get out of
there there's so many over here that's
freaking an inch these guys are not
going to get out from an edge catch the
other dwarf yeah but they can't do magic
their bodies are so fucking malleable Oh
awesome
Joey Joey I'm so tired yeah I'm sorry
you're tired mentally I'm physically
tired I'm also sexually tired
I don't know me we need a cool I'm just
trying to top you somehow top you
somehow I'm having a baby you can't drop
top that really even if I ran a marathon
fuck no I'm creating I'm creating a
poopoo baby in my butthole
promise yeah I'm talking to you look
like a pro like there's like you've been
installing cages your whole life so one
only time I ever catch
you look like a mechanic that's changing
the oil of a car you know doctor what
you're doing what do you need to see
every single thing is aligned do you
want to do it then no okay then what
your find ah just figure it out just
throw the damn rats in there and get out
of here you throw rocks in there throw
that fucking hay or shavings in there
and call it a day
throw some soda in there BAM that's a
happy good time fine
three four - done these guys don't even
know how good they have it did you know
you're about to be snake food or you can
just live in a frickin shelter did you
know that but this young lady here
Luther loves animals so much that she
bought this $300 cage just so you guys
could live in here and she bought
additional like a hundred two hundred
dollars worth of accessories so you guys
should spend five hundred bucks on you
guys and the lifespan for you it's like
two years thank you alright this is a
shit I'm excited about this is the mewn
use and see bike through everything I
had to throw it all out what is that a
coconut
wouldn't the world I gotta put some soft
fabrics in there I don't know they're
tropical oh they're everything so I just
figured this would take forever for them
to fly it through it and they buy it
through
anything I'm like you guys are so stupid
you just destroyed your health for no
reason
how long did it take for your shop on
Amazon for something like that quit cuz
I does not always recommend other ones
so thing if you like this you're
definitely going to like this
so Mike ooh there's a bunch of stuff for
them to climb and hide all their food
you're a good rat mama oh my yeah yeah
they're gonna chew the shit out of all
this but I cannot wait how come you love
them so much adorable treat them better
you treat me Thomas you never bought me
a coconut yeah they never asked for it
oh you don't ask for anything they just
freaking sit there and a ball up
I just freakin turn their body into a
big fat ball and they just sit there
yeah
what are they add another one it is oh
you cannot see I'm gonna hide it fine
come on you treat them so good sorry I
can't through this shit on you never so
useless hi girls do this shit wait
righty-tighty bring yourself doing it
the wrong way there we go
alright how many more coconuts have to
put on there so tired my men can't go
home without you okay then you gotta be
patient
oh cool what in the world is that you
bought them wind chimes shit what is
that a fucking helicopter ladder you
bought them a ladder yeah what are they
firing out okay to the group I wish
they'd pop hop inside you know I'd be
all over that shit
I swear you love animals more than human
hell yeah I hear Jimmy I fucking hate
you I don't know I feel it too
your promise I'm fine all right I'm just
tired you keep being like anything down
there so fine shit sorry
you okay bubble I'm just tired okay
sorry why just for the heart okay you
don't have to be here no you sure yeah
I'm gonna keep the company I don't know
the company that you're giving me right
now is pretty wack sorry then I feel
like I'm just fucking out doing all this
stuff damn just jealous I wish I had I
want a rope ladder and a coconut
oh yeah coconut dry or with me with
coconut juice ice cold okay I thought
that me before I know it's true well I
wanna bond jjigae without me asking I
know I did I just realized that soon as
I said that I was like fuck I sound like
one of those whiny ass girls I want the
guys to predict the future read their
mind yeah
then I took about I took a back slide
that erased
what is this furry thing what the what
is this just freaking and what the hell
they're just rat god damn you went to
town on this yeah
okay daddy needed it
what is this I'm not a star smack what's
that how is that a snowflake a freaking
scarecrow snowflake the cold shit ever
they don't have a good time in here
they'll never have it done this is like
fucking business for them now if they
don't have a good time in this giant
rack is their fucking spoiled it's
perfect like it in town as rest this is
a regular cage most little rats got
something like this this freakin cage is
nearly six feet tall why pop this much
stuff yeah there's a ton of stuff in
here what did I pick up slinky
that's what it yeah that's what they had
before but they Victor that - oh yeah
yeah I remember now
finally little at last have a little
holy shit that's a ton of freakin toilet
hello they pushed all this out without
looking at them and never like okay we
need privacy so they flopped it I feel
like you have more fun making these arts
and crafts than they do have fun
crawling under okay okay libo cqt guy
well the two of them yeah I think I have
food but they keep pushing it out
they're just like okay we want to be
seen all right so I put bedding for them
I eat I recycled boxes from quest a
quest always hooks us up shut out the
quest um so I use it as their little
like little shelter yeah Sam will be
here for bedding they can lay here they
can climb here bite this you can fight
the coconut because they love chewing on
everything they can climb climb hide
hide hide hide to sleep and then
that's the first a second layer third
layer is a lot more climbing hiding
hiding by Lata hiding we get there
pushing it out again CUNY's there tunnel
they love this tunnel thing and for
their piss and shit they have that tree
which I just recycled from the carrier
that I have them and put in there and
then bottom is all the story goes and
then the food and their water is at the
very back because I know they don't like
being interrupted while they're eating
so I leave it really less than all the
night yeah so you guys see this now so
maybe in about an hour - it's going to
be fucked up damn yeah this shrub in
there just like posted hostage yeah fuck
it remember and I come back and make the
Box flipped over it's like they had a
party or something
it moves like a real Mouse oh yeah done
