so at 4 p.m. now and I finally have a
breather or a break woke up this morning
went to the gym actually dropped the
dogs off at the office because they
aren't doing a daycare thing anymore
since we live so far away now but drop
them off 7:00 in the morning went to the
gym worked out on them from the gym went
here had a meeting and I didn't finish
my meetings until well most of my
meetings until now so I kind of have
some sort of breathing but look at this
we got a new addition into the office
and of course you have to tip it up
because we just be meeting Michael oh
yeah and what happened
oh this why you wanted to end our
meeting so soon who's gonna win who's
gonna win these are warming up of course
of course
yeah right you've got next so I calling
it Michael and Byron are both really
good me a bottom is this high school and
yet right I am safe
that's cute we were one of you guys on
the team or something oh oh I just made
that up I thought I heard the rules on
the team oh oh no aunt aunt was on the
team right old really you know I might
make this up Oh
No all right fine I getting warmed up I
see a change in the game here is it
evenly spaced out like you have as much
pieces now you have a lot less space you
there you go yeah okay one picture oh
all right all right real game real game
I want to catch a real game I want to
catch it pressure is not on we expected
up pretty get playing up to awesome
oh shit okay all right look you get the
10 first five tickets a fine little way
for reviving the wall I can't date it go
okay 0-100 good sir hey he's like
looking over you now enjoy 2020 Olympics
or what yeah you all to up ah I'll two
three two three
oh man 300
damn so odd come on Michael you can't
come on Michael you can't do this we
want to try no no you look Filipino much
sorry guy oh no that's that's it you
wanted one of our guys here before one
overt whistle ok well I'm back back
later
Oh
meanwhile they're trying to work still
but in other news I have to move all of
this food here that we have for JK party
filming since everyone come so early and
then we get to leave like really late at
night well late at night I really like
you send me like 6 p.m. but we're here
the entire day so we have to be snacking
throughout the day to keep our energy
levels up who are filming we need high
energy if you want to have sugar in your
system you want to have carbs in your
belly you want to not be hungry so we
get a bunch of tax and food most some of
its hearty the other one is not so much
stuff to move it from the main office to
the green room
and another thing I wasn't expecting was
we have a bunch of snacks and stuff for
the barbel office same reasoning 1452 be
well fed to here
and have to move this too
all of these alright so put the barbell
stuff away look at that a little snack
corner this my peanuts
Oreos little great because those people
on that diet specific would like me that
are it and then we got some well we got
some instant noodles some quest bars and
fruit and then side here we got
different drinks look at that a lot of
water bottles I've opted for the smaller
ones because we don't tend to finish the
bigger ones and then no one finishes it
because they forgot who the twos and
then I have these have these are pretty
good
yeah if they're a little sit up super
cute but pretty small but we just don't
have room I don't have room anywhere
else because everything else is taken up
so that's that's a little corner oh well
so now it's the end of the day for us
we're finally going home and Papa Papa
Papa what how you feeling about going
home Papa Papa I think it was it I think
this is the first time that we're
actually driving from work to home you
know like today is actually the first
time that I actually really wanted to go
home why cuz oh you know usually like
because um we live in downtown I don't
really feel that big of a difference
between working at home is that I just
felt I'm going from one busy place
another busy place yeah and there's not
that filling up ah
but home feels like that nice you really
excited to go home and just relax and
then are we going to show on bail
students
yeah good are we gonna do bath in it
well I thought email about to do I know
I want to like we can put something not
so uh fine
well we'll briefly so there's two things
I want to show you guys when we get home
one of them is dead
bent Bart's dead surprise from China to
us yeah cuz we didn't show them that way
okay and then the other one is VLC it
does I never just do sneak preview it
just be sneak preview because it's so
cutie poppers spent so much time
researching and putting it together and
then he like calibrated it and he was
like mom where you got to listen to it
from here so I stood in a spot he wanted
me to hear it either he removed back the
drops off like I know everything about
this theater oh the cuny co theater I
want to share with you guys so we're in
go home
alright ladies and gentlemen I want to
present you to be a theater where your
circus announcer for like a magician
where your host tonight will be
explaining all of the bear theater mm
amenities for much of we're total first
yeah no I go weird like all weird visit
lizards I pick you a question mark where
is it it's called a smoogle smoogle yeah
it's a snuggle noodle you put a head in
here yeah you put your head in there
this is for pregnant women why only
pregnant women our people look like a
lot of injuries I know for people that
recently gone through a breakup yes
pretty close okay now holy Sh
and it's also for tummy support this is
better than you you could take huh it
isn't weird be padding sex on what I was
going on good
I know or you can turn it the other way
around to 69
oh no be like this on your back no no
you're flipping it no not no I said I
said no in the ass no no this part goes
on your back so have it be like a C on
you what's up like the letter C is this
no that's not the letter C the way your
portal pardon feel free to internet
pornography this way look your head
would go here and then it all her face
is facing this way he didn't want to let
her up
he's such a jerk to fall
come here funny why would you ever go up
wanna go up what Marvel's given me love
always grounded her she talked to us
dude
yeah who do you think you are
why are you always growling her sure hey
we think you are huh okay ladies and
gentlemen back to the theater so as you
can see is very well presented I'm going
to sit in the middle and I got the
cherrywood to kind of go with the wooden
theme that we have the other option with
black I just thought it would take away
from it I wanted to get up you know hey
you condemn with those hands conduct and
so right here we got ourselves a
receiver so this is the new brain to the
theater system traditionally if you
don't have one you have like five HDMI
cables go into your TV your cable your
streaming device like a Apple TV your
music or whatever your DVD player or
whatever they're already whatever all
that goes into here now that I have a
receiver this is the guy that's going to
process all those things and then this
becomes just a monitor pretty much so
now all the sound gets addressed know
something other than me put this on here
turn it on and I could connect my phone
to and boom let's Bluetooth right there
gonna do music yeah
let's play in the uh playing the TV
right now but if I go bluetooth and I
hit my on kill unqiue
on key oh I got that from Rufio
Connect why aren't you connecting son of
a bitch it's because it was used to the
TV connect okay
now watch you're ready to get blown away
see right here this is huh
so when I set this up this Phoenix sort
that even comes at the mic look you know
deeper couches I can sit in being my
six-foot ask if it Indian soil yeah this
thing I should come to the mic and you
set it up where your your most
pleasurable sitting position and you'll
calibrate the speaker's of how long I
should play and how much it should throw
the sound out to and it even measured
that it was 10 feet away so I got all
you feels calibrated are you ready to
hear it I don't know if the sound on
this mic when it's the mic fault yeah
yeah it sounds amazing on our end well
let's see how good the camera mic is yes
this is this is it
it's a fancy defeatable right yeah I
just made that song up there's rich
sound and bear theater bill theater
there's no place I'd rather be in this
world
in the middle okay
that releases but how does it how does
it stack up against movies
everyone let's know that question food
that is a question that everyone is
wondering to know they're wondering go
around here both nuts dream Oh ready see
let me see
dream box measuring device let me play a
trailer real quick
it's to clean it with a fucking trailer
I'm saying yeah watch it watch my can
babe am Persian
watch is what I think what have a lot of
actions sound ours we think maybe
arrival arrival get that part of love
maybe Doctor Strange textile Ridge hold
on Hanabi sugar cookie it's like the
good old days on the little of La Reina
is Shana bear theater oh he's moving
back in everybody was just doing it this
is the optimal fielder yeah this is
writer with the snuggle the snuggle or
wasn't it's so smooth this is an art
player losses it makes part warnings
which you brought the wrapping around
your body
hold on ready I mean you play between
your legs you ready for freaking uh well
the trailer yeah I can't hear you yes I
know then you gotta move it cinemas
books are oh yeah yeah yeah
Najim you ain't ready
there are days that define your story
beyond your life the object another
doesn't it bitch I don't have to compare
to a lot of one but what was the good
movie yeah yeah he knows I don't know uh
sorry
oh I called it too slow rich kind of too
late though well here too late happen
wait sir
waiting for what what does this private
dock most recently not there but too
traumatic you look moratoria need
something more more more like fat black
hole about yet Rick hey he's growling
again just soon as I slide where it's
the right one my third fall shows all
the car eternity all right all right
this is the one I feel it pop I feel it
every trailer they get fire
holy high percent you know the shitty
movie which means it's Africa yeah yeah
please to presented the horrible job
ladies what a buffalo
I fly down rip off the roof the white
house graphic president right out of the
Oval Office who woulda stopped them I
want to build a team some very bad
people what they can do some good
y'all Joker's must be crazy
I see guns I don't hear them play
literally gonna work me
I've known to be quite vexing I'm but it
sounds good
you watch the movie the other night and
it sounded really good all right I take
your word for it
I'm gonna ask you guys that when Game of
Thrones come up
can i watch those you guys yeah I have
to watch it what about this uh Lucy
trailer coming up yeah because yeah
are you still with it you want to hear
the guy thing lucy has this sound this
is a shit movie I know but all right
last one I posted a little dr. Lorenz
transport
oh let's do your secret hospital now
somebody's gonna back inside manage to
take your name linking all the teresting
that much better Lee it does into the
Shenmue but now I want to watch it all
about themselves well yeah that's bad
theatres as well so now it's time for
the cue newest of queueing surprises and
this is a very unexpected surprise hence
why it was a surprise Bart's dad went to
change without the fight believe like
maybe a month and he came back without
informing anyone not letting anyone else
and he brought us back a bunch of CUNY
opportunity of the CUNY ax stings and it
wasn't even things that were for us they
were for the baby so first he got the
baby cute little backpack look at this
and it's all felt it's super soft even
the strap itself and he said the fate is
favorite part with it you can take the
Panda of this little thing look at this
just remove the little buddy but I'm
gonna take him up from its heart for
mekin then because he doesn't know the
gender of the baby see God is things for
boys and things for girls and it's just
so ironic that make fun of plug in China
all the time on JK news and it's all
just flying games that promise that
nothing gets Chinese people I love
Chinese people
my last name is China's is fucked but
it's just ironic but it all comes from
China and I love it and I think it's the
cutest shit ever like look at this I'm
not going to open it just yet because I
don't want it to gather a bunch of dust
I will wash it before I put it on my
baby I'm just going to wait a little bit
you got this one
we go cute the little design is you got
this one look at this little puppy with
glasses on
look at this it's so cute and then we
got this freak out with his mine look at
this it's a little puppies and then he
got us this one look get the puppy
Highway and then this one that has stars
and beers and I think a lighthouse and
then he told us this is specifically for
a tent because she's gonna have long
nails she may scratch her face to see
what it did - and he and she
you guys still don't know what what
happened and then there's dc1 with the
cuny little umbrella it's really thick
because if this baby's anything like
mommy's going to be cold as fuck Papa
likes leaving the a/c on all the time so
you get so hot and then this disc uni
one look at this human put the baby and
then this this one he said that this
one's a little bit more expensive
because I a little hat and then there's
this last one with a bunch of cumulative
elephant
what are you doing overall good which
are is your favorite brushing your teeth
which one was your favorite little
outfit for the baby we're all doing this
from the baby's crib that was well what
if we're having a boy to put it on it I
know it was the hat minute but what if
we have a boy you're gonna still put it
on him
pink yeah just take over mine was this
one I thought this was super to me
because I can imagine a little boy
yellow button I can imagine a little boy
getting into a bunch of trouble but then
having this on and you can't get pissed
at a baby that does that but then if you
see a CUNY girl get into trouble and
she's wearing this almost slap the shit
out of her
no no kitty don't break it
why not be so violent fine oh and then
it's Papa got me this piggy bank because
it is the pig not because I'm a pig but
because on the year the pig so he bought
this for me how thoughtful home some
thoughtful I have the best Papa in law
ever so that's that was the cuny
surprise that we got from from couple
Quan grandpapa Quan he's a thoughtful
and I was very grateful for this present
we can now go in to put the baby in it
and so trippy that there's a fuckin just
a fuckin crib behind me wait there's no
more like what doesn't fine it's a
tribute thing ever for all my parents
out there how was it for you guys like
were you guys like this is really
happening like I'm really having a kid
and it was it just a row to me like am I
the weird one here let me know let me
know in the comments because
is what what I don't know it's still
very mind-blowing Oh tell me update
there's a tummy now it's getting bigger
almost halfway through the pregnancy I'm
about almost 18 weeks now oh okay but
with all that said and done I think it's
time
were you going you can't pretend going
down the stairs when there's really
stairs you have to pretend like there's
an escalator Oh escalator go back up
okay give me an escalator press yep
it's bad good best times really good
your head and your head you drown yes
but with all that I I'm going to lock
the fuck out because I'm tired oh I
thought Pablo was up to no good
yes I'm tired I'm brush my teeth and I'm
going go Abed because tomorrow I have a
long day of organizing and unpacking
some more and finally moving my reps
initially I was going to put them in the
house but I hear your comments I read
your comments and I love how concerned
you guys are so they won't be living
with us but they will be at the barbel
office so I get to see them every day
and actually get it interact with a lot
more people so I'm really looking
forward to that I'm super excited to
give them any home and it can't wait I
cannot wait to show you I mean you
should I bought them I spent way too
damn much money on these rats but they
have to have to have to have like the
coolest house ever so stay tuned for
tomorrow's vlog because you can see how
hooked up the motherfucking house is but
until next time
buenas noches jokerman con los angelitos
good night
