and my back but some funny thing about
that
oh pretty oh you call many people don't
party to you fine what you call me boy
are you ready for everyone class no why
cause I'm hungry you're hungry yeah are
you gonna get then I don't know I don't
I'm not about 12 minutes to get some
food
I have no I can't eat art gallery or
pharmacy for alien technology computers
get you to the computer are but sprint
frozen yogurt what about busy bee
flowers can you eat 50 P flowers like a
burger joint
you think they Oh what about the Panera
Bread oh therefore they are they open
probably they should name I didn't open
them Barney so we're about to start
improv class in about 12 minutes and
we're we just realized we're hungry we
need some coffee to get our juices
flowing but every single Saturday we do
is improv class and it's so fun it kind
of takes us back to being a kid again
we're just playing with a friend you
know a pirate is superhero and you guys
get to play with each other and there's
really no rules I think the adult mind
comes in a lot of times when people just
make believing and pretending like now
they're not now you're not now your
costumes not on point you know kind of
people point out all the bad parts of
the movie but every Saturday morning to
get just have fun and be a kid yeah I
love that mouth you just open what
there's no one coming in or out
fuck you Panera Bread a fucking piece of
shit okay is that what a kid let's say
no
what are we dead and their bread why
aren't you all someone in there okay
thank you Panera but I take that back we
love you yes you're not allowed all
women love is wonderful all women love
is wonderful
okay they say okay they say all women
love what did you get mother
I got
bacony cemetery pastry and a hot
chocolate
whoo plenty of ice just the way I like
it
I got a cherry pastry chamalla potato we
both like the same thing okay time to
get my cup back I love ice like crazy I
always get a ton of ice because I just
feel like drinks taste way better when
it's kind of ice in there mom to get the
iced coffees I don't want to select
amazed when I drink too much hot coffee
in the morning I start sweating like
crazy and said look a little more and
since M podcast is great there's a goal
just moving around all day I don't damn
it didn't let doesn't fit why did you
put that there
shit all it again
brain farting uh-oh I need a bigger lid
you think after four videos a day
they don't have it on that side can you
ask them for a bigger lid you guys have
any figures about thank you thank you
yeah
yeah
ironically after we got food we really
don't have time to eat anymore because
he took forever on that sandwich I think
ma bro was thinking I was gonna be like
Starbucks is between 8:00 I should go
but they ended up making it from scratch
and that took forever so now we're
literally like are we five minutes later
are we just on time okay so we're late I
run into class I don't want to disturb
anybody
let's go mob there let's go where is the
class what the hell's ever brain fart
telephone our class is out oh it's right
there huh okay I remember we're on break
right now in the middle of the improv
class and I think this is a week for
week five or something right it's
getting kind of tough how do you like it
so far
it's always so nerve-wracking because I
I just so much I think about and it's
not like acting with the script where
you're given this character motivation
you're given the story so now you can
study this world right yeah so once you
can study this world and understand its
character and why this character makes
the choices that he does or actually it
does and you can really embody the
character it was sitting generation four
yeah you can prep for it and you can
understand the mentality but here you're
just like creating something from thin
air so you have to listen and and slow
down and find the story and find why the
character is doing this or it's just a
lot harder and it's so much to think
about that you're like I see then
everyone like we all just panic we want
the movie to we want the story to move
that we just started making shit up and
we're just like I don't he'll stop us
and he's really cool he's like bow down
just create the room create the space
filled the room and we all forget back
we just want to talk on some type of
hawk but you know what I really love
about improv play I think
improv like unlike what we're used to in
life is where it's constantly on to the
next teen on to the next Dean
it teaches us to slow down and just be
yeah and just relax and I think that
when people come in they want to start
making the food making the cake but
they're not like dragging their hands
across the kitchen counter looking at
their favorite knives it's just like on
to the next thing
and there's actually like I do the
improv that I actually learned a lot
about like and you know as one of the
scenes where like one person was smoking
in the other present like don't smoke
why I'm going to smoke or don't smoke
and it's just two people going back and
forth you do this you do that right and
then I'm like wait that's not tolerance
I think true friends they let people be
who they are and they can call it this
and that's why they enjoy that
relationship and that dynamic and I
think growing up like my entire life
kind of like as a asian person it's
always about what's right and what's
wrong and if you're doing the wrong
things you change it too right and I
think everyone not just being Asian
everyone does that right like you tell
me don't do that and sort of letting me
do that and us coexisting and same thing
I tell you don't do that and instead of
me telling not do that we should just
call exist like if you're if you hate
the cold and I love the Pope we should
just call exist instead of having this
fight over the third the thermostat we
should probably be at 30 degrees
Oliphant so did you learn anything about
life's do or no what do you ever know
now really like I'm just try to have a
good time I'm not really trying to do
anything more than that like I don't
know anything so I'm not going to sit
here and be all preachy of like anything
I'm just trying to be in the moment and
learn it no but when I have the candles
that's I get like I'm smart I know I get
lightbulbs in my hair smart like that
time plumbers are you making fun of me
no I just listen and I'm like oh cool
all right cool that make sense
all right cool cool cool and then I just
have to like apply it and then it sticks
to me but just listening I'm not a not a
listener type of person I'm a doer like
I hear it I have to see it and then like
when I can do it then I get it but our
five breaks is five minutes thank you
okay fine all one other thing was one
thing that we really all of us really
respect about this guy is he wrote some
of my favorite get on kyun peels names
rich and we learned writing from them
before but I'm so glad that I'm learning
improv because the way he teaches improv
it makes me feel very empowered and it's
also making my writing better ironically
for what's usually writing an improper
opposite because writing is planning and
projects on the in the on the cuff so
it's actually making me a better writer
and I'm getting better ideas for the
movie and about life
we just finished the improv class had a
very yummy Peruvian meal and I was
supposed to be on my way to getting a
haircut but we have this new app and we
can see what the hell the dogs are doing
and earlier the whole time when we're
driving a class we hear them barking and
me and mob are like God then we just
moved in we don't want to be those
neighbors with a freaking stupid barking
dog disturbing the attacked me were you
going to say no so we bought a camera
it's not the ad what is it
so we bought a little camera but it
comes with the app isn't it I mean you
connect it but then with that camera I
got it because it's a 2-way type thing
so we can hear what they're doing yes
and we can talk to them yeah so that's
our listening to it yeah but I still app
put it on the phone yes it's not like
there's a microphone right here that I
can like look at it I'm wrong but there
was here so excuse me
be quiet so let's look at this thing and
those guys are going apples bananas hold
even though they're not even thinner
there's three empty dog batteries
upbringing next to the door Ruby is next
to the door this year she fucking weirdo
I hope I don't catch it I got a box not
the box I'll bring you so I mean they're
not making noise right now all the
audios awesome oh is it yeah oh there's
breaking I hear how they talk no it's
the Python I like it how many yeah shit
they were barking for 30 minutes
straight and I was stressing the fuck
out so I'm just like we just moved into
this place we're going to be the fucking
neighbors because like German Shepherds
they have what did you recent you read
they have like a satisfactory like like
area in their brain that the more they
bark the more they're doing work to the
happier and better they feel they keep
barking and barking and barking it's
like non-stop
German Shepherds have like this self
reward system where the more they talk
the more they feel good about themselves
because they feel like they're doing
something right so it's kind of hard to
get to just shut the hell up sometimes
yes and that's like I was just stressing
out and I'm like plumber I think I want
to leave like like they've been barking
for 3 or 91 day but meatloaf has been
barking for 3 hours straight you go eat
with the rest of the crew I'm going to
go home and handle the situation and
then popper was just like no you got to
stay behind I'm gonna take care of
everything
yeah so now we're going home and we're
going to go home and see what kind of
damage they've done but good thing I'm
gonna tire themselves out I honestly
don't even know why they're not in their
bed because when they're around us
they're sleeping all the time it is
because when we leave them they're
always fucking barking so when we get
that are like finally we're so tired
goddammit yeah and then the new thing
aren't even if you knew this but spawn
likes to dig in the backyard you know
yes that sounds like I need to go ill
only sponsor here oh those I didn't see
any of the other ones with dirty fucking
mud cause like hers well that's gotta
change doesn't it
yeah I'm shooting all the time to
fucking beat their ass but how how can
you beat a dog's ass after they've done
what they did like they committed the
crime already do you forgot about it
cut the paws off but then they're not
going to know why so no lesson has been
learned
we're just abusers you just cut the paws
off and there's no way they can dig ever
get you naked hang their paws here like
there's a little yeah I look really nice
right here yeah would you all all the
pods from the same dog or one paw beach
maybe one paw beach so they have a
meatloaf paw breaking pom pom ball yes
op3 and then we have three cars so we
can do the same thing what are we going
to do with the last pot if you leave it
inside the house just for good measure
so they can see you guys suck up again
look at that oh don't forget it don't
worry I went closer
well why we just cut out their tongues
instead of the paws why where's the
tongues if you can't taste in the yummy
food oh wait maybe they just missed the
vocal cords there's like that
we do that we just cut all everything
these pages kill him
Oh what's so mean we'll just disappoint
I'm sorry I went to all the stuff I went
too far we how do you go from cutting
paws off the killers okay am i bad I'm
too extreme I went to describe paws off
cut off the tongue cut off the tail keep
still we want them to look cute like a
little jelly bean we want them to be
edible what I yeah yeah so we got to
keep the firm time cut the head cut the
body but they don't need ladies and only
the time they need to tell oh they look
like those marshmallow candy the peeps
you know what I'm talking about peeps
the marshmallows they come around in
Easter time a little I have no idea I
get it you and your marshmallow candies
and killing dogs that is outrageous we
spoke too fucking soon these
motherfuckers are barking don't choose
something fart well at least bark once
just so I'm not lying on camera like a
lion yeah I don't make me look like a
lion fuckers oh all of a sudden turn the
camera on put the camera on the camera
you stop barking oh good make me look
bad you guys are fucking sneaky it's not
crazy oh yeah uh-huh uh-huh hey shut up
shut up guys come on hey meatloaf farm
breaky shut up meatloaf on breaky
everyone shut up works god damn it a few
fucking a meat loaf hey hey stop it
I'm not messing around anymore I'm gonna
come up and kill you guys a table for
fucking pub and Dingle it in my rear
view mirror that's right
got scared oh good feels like
it's so quiet now he's looking at the
cameras right fucking fuckers yeah not
yeah move just got home and guess what
all of a sudden you're quiet huh why are
you so quiet I was watching you and you
were yelling you were barking why are
you so quiet huh oh you gotta go you got
to go and look at the other two bitches
so what the fuck they're doing because
they were yelling 200 why are we guys
yelling huh why are you yelling huh
what's wrong with you fine why were you
yelling the right thought but now you're
quiet anyway I am back for Marshalls and
I think I did good I didn't spend as
much money I was even spend much money
at all actually and I got a full full
good legs I got a few good things just
going to show you a handful of them but
instead of showing you just randomly
like this and I got this I'm going to
show you once I've finished placing them
or I think they should go and I'll show
you that way can I show you like this or
when I've seen people just like I bought
this I'm like I'm not creative like you
bro
Keaton what you gonna do it's like a
copy yourself I got no creativity I got
to stop I want to copy you so for my
Geo's out there that don't have
creativity or style I'm going to show
you how I put together hopefully you
guys can take away some of my ideas and
copy them because I know I copied it
from other people so here are a couple
things I bought but before showing you
where I placed it I'm just going to talk
about a couple brushes that I saw that
was really really cool because you know
when you take a shit you don't want to
leave those stains around the toilet
bowl so I got one for each
room bambam thought they were really
cute but I didn't place them in the
bathroom because I have acrylic nails
and this is a very shiny metal but is a
freaking tag on here Marshall why do you
continue to do this to me
so there's this tag or a sticker and I
can't take it off because if I take it
off with my acrylic nails and it's gonna
be the sticky residue so I'm just going
to wait till Bart gets here so that he
can do it but moving on
I bought this there you take a cool
little trade to coach to put remote
controls in there and I got these
coasters that are like marbles like
they're really really sick they're only
like six bucks or put them in there not
quite done when it comes to the core I
got this and I will be taking up to my
room and I'll be putting closer beer in
there but you can't really get too
creative with that I showed you guys
this already
oh that was really cool um this I
actually but I do want to put some
candles in there there's only like six
books I do want to put a candle in here
or a few candles and either I'll put
this outside or I'll put this in our
bathroom but my bathroom which I'll show
you in a second is horrible but let me
see what else did I get
just move this upstairs um let's go up
okay
bathroom now I got these shoes I got
these floor mats they're SuperDuper soft
this will actually go here and I will
add some toilet paper to it
thank you you know you never have to
panic the only reason why I thought that
for this true mother Brenda one because
it's exactly that it's its own room
so imagine you're on the shitter there's
no toilet paper in there and you got to
walk out here and do that Wow
whoo this Bailey anyway um the reason
why I can't put it here yet because I
have all this shit up here the night to
organize and I was waiting for these
guys to come in - understand - stairs
fund expendable cabinet organizer that's
going to go in here so I can match my
space put on my bullshit in there but I
didn't get any of that Marshall oh I got
some towels at Marshall's because when
you tell so I got this guy
cute little white one with a cute little
pattern oh she doesn't do the two
different better well now I know I got a
beige one and another big one and a
white and beige one and widen buy you
one got six towel there's only two of us
right now I don't think any more than
that for now so I think I'm good oh I
got one more thing
Wow real good advice let's go about more
hmm just not but who kind of my favorite
little home touch I thought it was super
cute I got this look at that
I've always wanted a wreath on my door
and now I finally have it did you did a
good day
yes I just feel like it makes whoa
really dark I just feel like it makes
the house seem more approachable I feel
alive makes it seem warmer and yeah I
just I just always wanted one I never
had a door that I can stick a nail to
and put a wreath on because I always
move from place to place so that I have
them SuperDuper happy and I couldn't
wait to put it up there damn I'm out of
breath oh but right now I'm just going
to wait up out there cuz I think we're
going to have a little date gotcha so
comfy but by wait for hopefully
grandpa's but wait for Paul there I
think I'm gonna start organizing
okay I'm gonna I'm gonna do that now oh
never ending well oh okay I'll get it up
now all right with supertunias father
now we're going to have a date but
magically this guy updated today
grandpa Quan she came back from China
and he surprised us so we're just going
to have dinner with Grandpa Quan and we
are at meandering note Ohio because my
Mexican ass was craving some
motherfucking beef noodle soup and I
don't normally like tiny flu but this
camera I'm like give me some
motherfucking Chinese about craving it
so we're here and then that sky saucer
CUNY dinner with Grandpa Quan he has
left and now it's just possible friends
and monks most Ben no I'm just kidding
we're just going to watch a movie and
I'm gonna watch bother said up all the
wiring those he's been waiting for those
to come in so you're going to set up
this around what's not surround sound
it's just sound systems Usagi so yeah
yeah yeah we don't have the proper
acoustics to get a successful to mount
down yeah but with that being said um I
think it's time for us to part ways for
tonight cuz I need to I need some QT
time with my papa bear so thank you so
much for watching have the beautiful
damages I'm signing out look at these
but also somebody was holding Nicole de
jitters fucking speaker wires feed this
is the one I needed this motherfucker he
thought all the peasant ass motherfucker
he got me this fucking bullshit wire
when this is what I needed
see you guys next time hey Ricky
