good morning guys it's another day of JK
Andes we're doing this thing where we
are filming two times a week so we're
not having such long shoot days and it's
pretty cool because now I get to see
like Tiff's more joe more it's really
sad we are friends I'm gonna really get
to see each other that much because
we're all working on so many different
projects but it's really dope to be back
in here but it really sucks because this
office has no windows right so look no
window no window no we no no no we know
no window no window so in a third time
it's really cool because it stays cool
because there's no window no window no
window but then in the winter time it
sucks at least for myself and TIFF cuz
we get cold really really fast and
because there's no weed through the
window then we know there's no Sun that
comes in so then it doesn't warm it up
and it's freaking cold then it's this
cold shell and this guy here is super
happy cuz he finally gets to wear these
long-sleeve thick ass shirts but his hot
ass should never even think of
purchasing this then I would love to go
wear a jacket but this is my version of
a parka LaMarca a furry parka yeah yeah
let me see how cool it isn't here oh
cool it's 62 degrees why does it need to
be 62 degrees indoors I don't understand
that so I turn on the heater for it to
be 70 degrees but and it's not like good
like a warm 62 it's like a cold
frostbite in my nose now obviously I'm
being exaggerated but it's cold that's
my point
um to another point yes I'm still doing
fit with Gio and I am still losing
weight and all is going well however I'm
still human and I run into temptation
and I had to do this cuz it was in my
face and it's early in the morning and
it's the worst thing ever it's the best
thing ever at the same time
ready bowl noodle soup and it's the
Korean one shout out to the Korean peeps
cuz
they know how to do that instant ramen
the best way oh my god so I was having
such a beautiful day I was having such a
beautiful day and look who's in my turf
in my house oh you're tired yeah you're
not firing back
good morning no I'll get destroyed yeah
cuz normally he'll like chew my ass up
spit it out kick it outside throw it in
the dumpster he'll be back with the
Vengeance he's he's like telling it up
he's got a tell you have all this
that I gave him good morning nice I like
morning silent Mike he's actually silent
I tried pushing his buttons it didn't
work I think that's why people don't
like me but yeah so this is what I'm
gonna eat right now
and like I said shout out shout out
tomorrow
cover your poops y'all know how to do it
the right way so I'm gonna be disgusting
and I'm gonna eat this and then I'll
check in with you guys in a little bit
Gina here
and then we got Bart washing out already
question Richard Branson vs Conor
McGregor vs. I know but I just cool
alright but I just quoted see them even
square off like that
you know Andy Grubman no he's a sports
scientist yeah he's working with
McGregor yesterday yeah and he's just
like crazy Irishman he just puts on a
story and McGregor is going nuts like
total flips and
oh yeah pads it looks sick but he had
those balls like since your glass
emotional I heard that is what
Mayweather said on his Instagram I heard
that McGregor punched somebody
from the Irish cartel hit on him for
nine hundred nine hundred thousand
pounds I you up in 2017 and now
you're really about to get up now
or some like that that's real
what does Mayweather know about the
Irish it's a great question who does he
hang out with maybe he has a lot of he
knows a lot of rumors he's like bat boy
bat boy today was a slow day
no not a slow day it was a short day oh
my god I was about to say today is a
slow day at barbell brigade but today it
was a short day and shaky news we're
back home now
and the baby sleeping hey mama mama and
Grandma plaits always puts him in the
best positions I thought why do i turn
the camera on your side looking your fat
baby
oh how come you're always crying you
little chola but in other news I got
some more pictures printing so that I
can put more pictures up on the frame or
pictures in frames I want to show you
guys some of them
or just put the everywhere yeah
yeah let's just don't on the floor
I'm gonna show you guys can you hold
this oh these are bigger pictures can
you see that one yeah like this I did
four months ago
oh my god what a creature okay um
like this doctors are calling something
I have to cut and have the car thank you
so very much
I'll see you in a little bit so now it's
moment take the time because Papa Bear
was very very tired
neither's sleep and this guy is stuffing
that bib in his mouth
oh so yeah um I'm gonna do something
really funny
i'ma show you guys I'm holding Tiger
with his hand obviously more than the
camera with that head so I have no free
hands and it's dark in here
so toes it is um yeah I was waiting for
that phone call from the pediatrician
because he just had his checkup hasn't
four months checkup as you guys saw on
the previous video and God he's so funny
I'll put up the screen think it's he
himself yeah yeah he had his four months
I'll put both of us in there checkup and
doctor saying that he can start eating
some Puri some veggies and some fruits
but I was so excited and we're start
putting them on a self soothing sleep
schedule which was really really
exciting for me to hear more
specifically the UM the Puri one cuz I'm
like yeah oh my baby could start using
big people food but I got so excited I
forgot to ask a very important question
like how much of the period can he eat
to the formula or how often or what kind
and I'm gonna be making it all myself so
yeah I thought it was really important
what is that a pimple or did you scratch
yourself
oh you scratch yourself I'm gonna cut
your nails you are just not impressed
yeah so it was super important that I
took that I take that call so I got it
and right now he's not gonna be eating
that food for the sake of the nutrients
he's gonna be eating it for the sake of
texture so they can start learning how
to eat and not just um
suck on nipples who do that when he's
older it's so nasty why'd you say that
no seriously all seriousness all right
guys I'm not kidding you yes that's what
I learned there's no stopping this guy
he's determined can we just not can you
just can you can you just not do commute
you're fighting me can you just not
community news yeah Cochino Nanoka Tina
Tina Pacino oh yeah
there's old kick in it we're kicking it
on the couch oh my god he looks so much
bigger here when and until nanotech nano
India pulling in the button in the six
nindo Indian seven in the eight and I
really don't even know what that songs
all about and then no I didn't know
Indian boys all that it's all about all
these lullabies and all these things
that I sing to him
like I really he's paying attention to
his head right now he's just discovered
his hand recently so that's all he's
really fascinated with
yeah I'm not even gonna put it on my
face anymore because who wants to see
this when you can see this so I'm gonna
leave it like that but uh yeah I started
really listening to all these little
lullabies and they're not they're kind
of weird ah la Cucaracha Cucaracha
yeah no puede kameena but Calif a step
or caliphal that menopause women I only
know the mighty wonderful mod one yeah
okay
done and I'm I don't know what
it's called I don't know what I don't
know the other one I used to know about
anymore anyway and then now the grip
that's another development he like
always had this group but now he like
pulls it towards his mouth he wants to
put everything in his mouth right now
yes why be so nosy
your one and only job huh oh thanks papa
this dad he's crazy but you'll get
till there oh my god are you crossing
your legs oke Oke
did you just spit up oh you did so
that's what spit up looks like everybody
it's this white yucky stuff and this
one's actually not as bad as all the
other times this is a little bit you
know good Gina Minya Cuttino and don't
lick it bro all right so here's Tyga
doing some tummy time getting his back
and his neck muscles really really
strong he bikini and on the other side
of this yellow thing is a mirror and
he's just like his mama
he loves staring at himself in the
viewer huh couldn't see the baby a
confident pivot which one I think it's a
confident baby yeah yeah you're awesome
you're the best you're a sweetheart
yeah holy crabs all that drool oh my
goodness oh that drool
but like it is a little tail you
got a little pale coming out of you but
it yeah if the J heavy good boy you look
so cute look he's you you look so cute
my handsome little man
look at this but you want massage spot
time get those Oh muscles ah
karate chop karate chop about those legs
ah those hamstrings those hamstrings
wow you so good good boy you look
awesome my dude yeah you're killing the
game you look awesome I dude hey you
little kitty cat hiding in the kidney
cat little hair there okay not talk to
me more you talk to me later when when
when when what stopping about cutie put
to me
okay so we were watching TV playing and
singing and oh wow Nessus candies but I
think I lost my buddy my buddy knocked
out is he out
yeah he's out I was doing this he's like
you have a good time though they got to
get those little buddy it's all warm ah
yeah no warm inside I'm not fighting
he's not pushing you not getting all
stiff or anything he's not your bedtime
cycle we've had only eight o'clock
there's tyka and he's now sleeping I
think I just did one of the hardest
things I had ever had to do with psycho
and that was helping him self soothe so
if that means it is just making sure
that whenever he feels any sort of
discomfort he doesn't always have to
depend on mommy or daddy or grandmas to
rescue him and to always be there for
him if anything he knows oh it's not
that big of a deal I'm well fed I don't
have a dirty diaper I'm not in any pain
anything yeah so that's a very basic way
of explaining it so my doctor his
pediatrician my doctor gave me this
schedule to follow and it's called
graduated extinction and it's controlled
crying schedule right so then the first
night which is what I had to do um the
first you wait two minutes
she says you put two minutes on your
phone and then you walk away I'll make
it bigger and then the second time
around you wait four minutes and then
you go back and then you wait some more
and then six minutes and in six minutes
right
tygo was crying the entire time like I
made sure he was fat I made sure is that
basically I made sure he wasn't any sort
of pain or discomfort he was because as
soon as I picked him up I knew he was
fine because he was dozing off so I'm
like alright buddy you gotta fend for
yourself know who got it you got to know
when to not cry and why you're crying so
then I put him down equated the two
minutes and he was wailing his flying he
was a
it was angry I've never heard him cry so
angrily before and then we waited for
minutes and he got even more pissed and
then we waited six minutes and he got
even more pissed and I was about to give
up and I'm like no I'm gonna do the last
six minutes and I swear to you my heart
was breaking cuz as a mom you want to
take care of him you don't want to cry
but I waited those final six minutes cuz
I knew in the long run it's gonna be for
ty cos betterment and his own
independence and his less suffering I
waited this six minutes and he went to
sleep it was beautiful so I think that's
gonna be the hardest for us the second
time around or the second night here I'm
gonna wait three minutes and then I'll
check up on him five minutes seven
minutes and then seven minutes right and
then they even give you here remember
plan ahead what days of the week you'll
be doing this example over the weekend
be it's important that you have a good
support system during the process
example partner or parent who can take
over because I swear to you it's hardest
thing ever and like you just want to run
to them and just take care of them so
you need the strong person be like no no
don't do it and see plan ahead for what
you what you can do when you tag out
okay so that means go to another room
and listen to music with headphones on
the tag out means I'm gonna go pick them
up
don't do that it doesn't help your baby
so I didn't do that
stitch trolling from a boy and I didn't
feel like I needed to go to another room
or anything so his features are gonna be
proud he's becoming a strong independent
boy that's not gonna cry over nothing
and we're gonna make it fam so I just
have to keep doing this and then I have
three I have a whole week's worth and
each day if you notice it gets
progressively longer before you go and
check up on him so I hope I never have
to wait 35 minutes straight to let him
cry
I hope by the time it's six minutes he
just knocks out by himself so that's
kind of what's happening and this is
only for night time okay it's not every
time it's just for the night time so you
put himself to sleep gain that
independence and then the last thing
we'll be doing is currently we're
feeding him two times every night just
cuz he wakes up hungry so we know more
the second feeding and he'll feed one
time because now he has enough body way
or he's not starving now it's just
becoming a habit which you can cut out
and if he doesn't get to feedings in one
night he doesn't pee for like six hours
he's not gonna die of starvation so
we're good and we're gonna try to
prolong his sleeping from four hours to
six hours to do that and I Kenan wit I
can't away and it's only better for him
he gets to sleep and his little brain
that's been like developing the whole
time that he's observing a million
things and learning new things it can
rest and rejuvenate itself not that the
brain rejuvenates itself I just made
that up but I just feel like it needs to
rest cuz it's been working all day
that's what I'm trying to say but with
that I'm trying to stay in the kitchen
because Papa Bear is watching this
really cool documentary about upon Navy
SEALs and stuff said he want to bother
him too much yeah wrap it up guys
call it a day tomorrow I hope you guys
had a great day today
thank you so much for spending some time
with me I hope you guys enjoyed my day
cuz I definitely enjoyed sharing with
you guys thank you so much
have a good night
