today is the first morning that we woke
up or officially woke up in our new
place and it feels so bright and airy
and it's so nice and mom bear did such a
great job making the bed we got a new
bed in and our new TV standing and fine
just walked right into frame but then
now we're in a fucking rush because
we're late because I was this morning I
woke up right I was walking my dogs and
I started and I was like having such a
good time that I completely forgot what
time it is and so we actually only have
10 minutes left to drive all the way to
JK news and I fucked up but I still
wanted to start off the morning nice and
peaceful because it is beautiful yeah
let me give it a good view before these
you know I guess oh shit all right now I
really gotta go bye kids have a good day
at home myself for the first day
please don't shit on the couch or shit
anywhere or tear anything up we trust
you
he's really big
oh hey oh what's up
to my parents meantime I still live
there when I've learned yet with one
where's the words the do not want me in
his but that's a huge dude so did Oh
have you been I think good man good good
well you kind of blows that yeah a
soluble dude you're so health conscious
yeah but I'm a little too I'm McDonald's
no no oh yeah I've you got to do a combo
duality balance are all dancers
vegetarian no no or vegan some of us are
carnivores are whatever is up like
what's that word dog yeah saddest
fucking laces I've ever seen on a hoodie
yep and I like it how do you
Kanye's girls can wear whatever the hell
they want a guy's guy
what bank on what if I came in here and
Victoria's Secret people call me the
gapless Y word no that's that's a sound
of our Kauai yeah really
after a secret there's guys wearing lady
insanely beautiful stuff from you
jealous I'm out of the loop it makes my
skin feel smooth almost double banana Oh
someone got me a kill sweetie you're not
eating any butter
I made right now I got to eat
before we start filming because uh we
already got in here late and I'm not
later than David of course David here
oh okay cool so we're late we fucked up
but David is more fucked up which means
we're not fucked up late on your
birthday late on other people's
birthdays your motherly lady just not
give me shit all day
oh I don't give you shit today not
really
I enjoyed at this point yeah David how
does it feel to be a new new age a new a
new age man like
just like the difference in a tb0 feel
exactly the same some people feel
special they feel like as girls dude
don't always know the right thing like
you forgot my pussy sections right like
collapse are you gonna get like ah no oh
how big is the belly go oh it's pretty
big they stand up show your family yeah
ever see it when you walk around based
I'm not like your back she's just fat
now stand out show your belly
Charlotte Charlotte go
no no lift up your shirt oh my coming
you feel about look like honey because
she has a lot of me says a lot of space
in spring do you so literal to pay for
each wallet school different types good
you know when some um ladies have the
belly and looking like a negative Annika
yeah yeah no issues like you know she's
Paul what is that T a drill alright so
cool like oh look at our merit badges on
your makeup Julia X amount of town baby
how do you have usual Marietta Monaco be
shit just all this crazy how many what
is usually like wonder where the whole
zombie last money along the last one is
that nice not word it's like 39 okay now
we really got a film we're just messing
around make you fun of laid out Davis it
is always late all the time what are you
looking at month there I am looking at
outdoor patio furniture did you ever
think in a million years would be
looking at outdoor patio furniture yeah
furniture yeah Victor how do you spell
furniture
why are you making fun of me oh it's
hard as well those weird words it's like
it's one of those words where you say it
one way and then make sure what the tea
how do you spell it's kind of iron
hi Ron yeah yes but I renew odd make
sure you spell furniture a few little
Nietzsche is
Bart yeah all right if you are and I see
you are you are using matching are back
with your phone did you look it just
anything you liked
uh yeah this right here this little body
which one that was nice how much is it
104 dollars yep yep yep oh yeah yep yep
yep no we saw this a bunch of outdoor
furniture those sets they cost anywhere
from like 500 to like 3 G's yeah is
furniture is expensive I try to spend 3
G's on the outside door never to be out
there anyway then why yes we is Diwali
want I will I bet they're so busy no
dude by the time like you guys get home
it's already in everywhere I'm gonna
make fucking omelets in check outside
alright I took a shall we oh thank you
very much
yeah I know you got the Saturday Sunday
sometimes no I'm gonna I'm gonna fuckin
make omelet and they eat it outside
that's the one thing is is that about
it's like I feel like not people who
work the most they don't get to enjoy
their hard work a lot I know I mean we
work so hard to do all these things you
know make a decent living and you have a
great home but we're not we're not a
home not much
yeah we're not enjoying it yeah I'm not
going to do that anymore fuck that Mel
did like do yeah fuck that shit is it's
hard man should we just all rob a bank
and then just relax you I've been trying
to rob a bank but I saw the video guy
robbing a bank and he got shot again so
that kind of determining superfast will
like where did he get shot the security
guard he was just chilling oh that guy I
know thank sir that guy was a fucking
Clint Eastwood motherfucker like
chatting up a committee or maybe my
guards so subs trying to get some
dignity excited what what the guy yeah
yeah it's magical yeah he was a retired
sheriff he was a retired shirt for 20
years and you fold it around
funny dude he died extra fat man yeah he
was amazing I never seen somebody
respond that Bala's video we don't got
time we gotta start anew yeah come on
time to start again
breaks over all right now because I feel
like I got to show you a visual example
what rabbit hole so most possum I've
been like randomly just for some reason
finding myself on YouTube a lot yes
looking up just animal be a do you start
with planet Earth what's planet Earth -
came out remember the fuckin uh wanna
running into snakes and shit yeah yeah
like that's that all up sick always
always just gets my I don't know my life
racing it's like it's like it's like
drugs right yeah look at it you're like
wow like life but then you start like
click and related links in shit and then
slowly but surely you like start
watching crazier things like what I
started seeing this spot okay it started
with the fucking heron you know the bird
the heron yeah this motherfuckers an
asshole of the bird chain what do they
do it just eats anything live swallows
it whole and I'm talking like like its
own kids it other other like ducks and
so literally anything with the hand is
eating squirrels Gophers rabbits catfish
ducklings like fucking anything right
and yeah literally like grab a fucking
duck and like just hold it by the little
head and it's just flat little baby
ducklings looking around you know what I
mean yeah and I don't just swallow and
it always has a small head person sees a
little flapping oh my god just swallow
it and just like move around and throw
and it just moves on right nature
officious Heron eats everything right
then I started just keep going and and I
realized that other animals are fucked
up to include like the hyenas what do
they do think about like this hyenas
they obviously hunt in the impacts right
yeah but then they're not very large
animals especially in the jungle yeah
there's really really large animals in
the jungle or in the wild that are like
herbivores so they can't do anything
back yapple like a zebra or like a ride
or something exactly yeah but even a
zebra can't do shit yeah I mean at least
a rhino dress
skin and a horn or IRA inside that might
be able to like harm the emotion supply
forces I've been to jail so what's what
oh brother where art thou do up so what
they do right is in there like run after
I run as you were like running away but
and because the hind a small get a like
like bite and nibble I just like ass
right yeah I'll finally can hang on and
splode the see also slow that you can't
buy back and then all these other high
knees come they solely from the back end
right while the zebras running so while
the team is alive oh my god because
they're eating on the back end they're
literally ripping out an asshole and
then sticking their heads within while
the zebras running wallet II was alive
that's fucking that because they all
hold it down now
oh my god and they'll pull out like
testicles intestines stomach all the
organs and eat it wallet II was young
and it's got hole in its at so imagine
like a pack of like dog like wolf things
yeah eating you alive from the asshole
ow god damn and and at any point of this
you didn't think of stop watching or
hitting pause it only went farther
watching us on their video you know that
there are some like monk cultures in
like beat Asia yeah when they're dead um
you know when their people die yeah
instead of like you know burying them in
a casket so that you don't see the
maggots eat them what they do is they
prep the flesh on the bodies yeah put
them out and then vultures by the the
hundreds and thousands they swarm in and
they clean and they pick the crap off
these these bodies really fast a
butcher's are super fast actually kind
of cool though it's just bringing the
person back into nature yeah and then
it's just skeleton in a matter of a
minute it's wild
this shit's on YouTube it's wild so they
go down a rabbit hole Savage
yeah look there's videos of lions eating
a wildebeest and they eat the balls
first again why I don't know I'm stupid
it's like I ain't going around you know
they're all holding it down on the neck
right lines line will hold like an
animal ground by the neck yeah and then
the other line or the lioness will come
around child like well figure out how to
eat
and there's one video with his line come
just like sniff around smell the balls
look to the balls with balls once twice
you already know it's going to come to
my thumbnail shit fucking just munches
this thing off and it's just ripping
testicle saddest thing but you can't
turn away you can't turn away I got a I
got a recommendation baby elephant gets
frustrated trying to chase a dog that's
much friendlier than the crazy show you
watch it crazy that I like watching an
animal everybody's log I dare you to sum
that shit how much I get up watching you
okay watch stuff like that no bird that
bird is crazy the person motherfucker
look at this bird you want to you're
crazy bird what is that goddammit
yeah because I love watching nature
videos too but then every time I watch
nature videos she can't watch it cuz she
starts crying
but I just like I just like
understanding nature and like the stuff
that goes on like polar bears they fight
to the death for a mate like literally
one person dies and they bang the girl
they Bing the polar bitch and then they
bang the polar bitch for a week and
leaves and goes and fights another polar
bear to the death so they're constantly
just they make they make make one or two
polar bears and one of them has to die
and it's just a constant vicious cycle
that's all I know
can't do it deckers don't just pack wood
or they take fucking schools of like
pigeons in order to eat their brain down
shit fuck fucking would it would pick I
thought you loved animals are you want
to fuck animals just important
perspective just for like people who are
you know this is the type of game is my
shit like I think we live in school like
when they say like you know we mean
access and meat which is 100% true you
know it's like destroying the clock
100% like you're saying that people
shouldn't eat meat because of all about
fucking nature man for animal to happen
all the time talk and we can gather of
eating meat helps in our human evolution
the development of our element of our
brain yeah and I think that it's okay it
happens it makes all the time true all
right so two cool things happens today
the first one is the pups are spent the
day today home alone and we left the
doors open for them not the main doors
we don't want burglars coming in and out
but we have on both doggy doors event so
they were able to figure that out and
they spent the days you're going in and
out in and out at their own leisure and
they did a great job didn't destroy
anything didn't poop in the house it
isn't any of that good guys another they
usually poop in the house but I just
know when a dog is unfamiliar with its
surrounding it tends to mark it which
would be pissing everywhere so that it's
like oh no my pack is missing or we've
separated so let me leave my scent
behind so they can find me that's what I
think they don't want to get back at you
anything they killed it fencing is more
packages came and you know what you come
said I gotta open no matter what okay so
yesterday I showed you the packages I
got and my freaking bro condition today
I'm you package just Pacifica bit oh
okay so it's a shower curtain that I
bought I bought two of them one of them
was very kitty I think I also showed you
that one it was like lion themed
but I just didn't want it to didn't take
this I didn't want to feel to Kitty too
quick so I bought an alternative shower
curtain probably something that you like
this okay okay here we go
yeah I'm gonna relax all this come here
couch right here I know all this feels
good this feels good opening
I'm still waiting for my cable packages
upon a bunch of professional cables yeah
for the sound system so they could
finally get it to work yeah because for
some reason the Amazon guy came and
installed it and he knew less about
speakers and home theater and audio
systems and I didn't he connected all
wrong and the sound didn't sound very
good not the way it's supposed to be so
I thought I ordered the right cable and
I can't wait for those guys come and I
think it's coming in tomorrow cool
you better see this yeah I just wanted
to look too feminine
Oh what's nice but yeah this is our
alternative shower are you gonna be butt
naked underneath that and then you're
gonna dance for me and we'll have sex
after oh I thought it doesn't lingerie
it's like a shiny shower Chris I could
see her freaking a little little hoo-hah
thank you for coming it really should we
call anything big on the front okay no
no no and what I love I kept teaching
them Spanish and today tomorrow
haha mom string I don't like mine the
wooden one this is the most boring
unboxing ever why is it English yes yeah
nice the most floppy thing in the world
oh but also very necessary in real life
you've been DJ Khaled house hangers and
a shower curtain yeah
we wore new shower curtain hands oh yeah
another package the last one I don't
want to cosplay oh man I love the way
fielding it the other windows open so
you got the nice breeze coming in it
literally feels like a beach home like
if it feels like uh like a nice day in
Hawaii on could see like the leaves
moving and stuff the wind blowing I
don't even got the ACLS the ACF 3° baby
I always die without a tiara what is it
Oh with our hampers oh we got your
number well we need the Arlen's rope
yeah balded oh I knew these trainers
tamper soccer ball and know we live in
that life though do you think I'm gonna
read the instructions tougher look : it
looks way bigger in the picture show me
I know that I cover yes I just got a
construct it now looks CUNY imagine the
furniture in our room yeah that was the
point I wanted it so much I think it's
pretty self-explanatory is it just got
to slide it inside of there put it in
put it on but a beam but a boon and get
it on
I think we're back at our downtown
apartment for probably the very last
time we have our carts so we can move
stuff out do you think we're going to
need another time to move my bear or you
can finish everything by today I think
everything will be finished by today the
only thing I don't think we'll finish by
today the rat cage so if we finish
everything and we have enough room for
the rat cage yeah and you're very
surprised they don't honor you could get
nostalgic a little bit like all are
moving on the letting go of one chapter
of the life now stomach No
but it is becoming like a cool chapter a
cool ending of a cool chapter like an
ending of a cool chapter fucked up to
the wall because it's like although it
wasn't what I wanted this experience to
be yeah it was still an experience and
it was something that I've got to
finally get out of my system because I
never wanted to live with us how would
how would it have been to live in
Valhalla what if we would have done it
so I'm glad we did it
had you know my experience and it's cool
to be able to say we did this yeah we
tried it we did it it wasn't for us
other it wasn't for me yeah am i cool
I'm happy with that like not every size
fits everyone you know what I mean that
not every situation fits then not every
experience is what you want it to be but
it wasn't a negative experience it was
just like cool I did it wasn't for me
I'm happy I'm gonna move on now cool
there's one of those things how about
for you I think for me it's a little bit
of the same like I look at it and like
even though this is one of the nicest
apartments you could probably get in
downtown that we have the corner view
literally of the Staples Center which is
crazy and the Ritz Carlton and when it's
not logging to the Hollywood sign and
yeah this is one of the best places you
can get with an amazing view we have a
corner view it's it doesn't feel like
home you know I mean my bed like like
it's almost like oh cool we lived here
long term at this six-month hotel that
we stayed at and we're leaving and I do
have a semi attachment to this hotel but
it's not really like this was my home
that I'm leaving because now where we're
at now it feels like a real home and I'm
like it just feels good I like that we
grew up we didn't both drove it in front
and continually vote approving a house
but I think we know what that feels like
and that is like home yeah
so this Frost was fun and we knew was
temporary and we knew it was only going
to be for a year but it never made it
feel like home yeah so I think we were
just used to something completely
different here and I know that both you
and I on experience the same feeling
because it would have been kind of
fucked up if you would love yeah we're
on the same page yeah and then I hated
it I was miserable using my sauce you
know or vice versa it's cool and I think
what really sets set it into like motion
was
that we're having a baby so there's this
new huge chapter that's happening that I
can't imagine raising my child in this
environment because it's so like buh buh
buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh and it's
loud with initiative it's just a little
bit stressful when you're trying to
raise you know family specifically a
newborn yep you hear that little sirens
like five times a day holy shit yeah I
don't miss good enough for sure even a
word for them see the fire club yeah
it's all transect this is la like five
times a day multiple times a week I mean
uh that five times day multiple times a
week and one on the 22nd floor there's
only three or more floors like I'm
looking at top of building that's all
high we are
that building is already long looking
down at you and it's still not yeah so
time to get the pack in so it can hurry
up and get back home on this home ready
this is so funny I have more guns than I
have bags to transport them so I have
this being it has a couple pistols in it
my range bag so that looks inconspicuous
could be a gym bag duffel bag I have a
rifle that I do not have a back for yet
I have my tan bag with two rifles in it
and then I had a bunch a rifle and a
shotgun and I did not know where to put
so I have this all-black not even a gun
bag it's just the Nike duffle bag that I
got in Japan I stuff those in there
I have my guns in here if there's a gun
back so that works out then I have a
bunch of guns and pistols in here all of
those are pretty much bullet except for
a drone and I was walking on the street
next to a bank they probably think I'm
about to rob the place good thing that
we are in a building and I'm just going
to go straight to the car
unload it really quick throw in the
backseat so I don't look like a crazy
person with a million guns sticking out
like this they're all cleared unloaded
which is good and safe but I just don't
want to freaking one out cuz technically
I live in this building
so this is legal okay Omar did a good
job
do you want to go down together or you
guys let go first I'll go first
okay I'll see you back up
