we are literally turning down the last
days of living in downtown first oh shit
ha boogers goddamn I seriously I really
think that the neighbors nicer shit that
the neighbors above oh thanks goddamn
have cat because every fucking morning I
wake up with the craziest allergy finish
and allergy season is already and I'm
sneezing like a motherfucker every
morning what the fuck thank God I'm
getting out of here now first I'm gonna
say
something sentimental and nostalgic that
I'm gonna miss all this beautiful
downtown only the Staples Center but my
dad held the motherfucker with the cats
above me fucking son of a bitch we'll
get out here
I feel so lucky to have family members
that aren't even really my family
members but they are by marriage and not
by blood to not be here with me right
now because right now I have a meeting
but N and I was nothing mean with Gio
and I have an update for you Oh does
that mean what that updates so my mom is
being so kind enough to donate her time
to help us in this move because we have
this meeting that you just mentioned but
we can't receive our messages which come
in today so weight off anything wishes
well done
our master tip came in a shave they
already look to picture let me see oh
the plastic flower is straight fucking
clown back it's so soft I cannot wait
I was so exciting she's like that and
like send me a picture even though that
doesn't show me anything but just send
me a picture so this is my mom's picture
skills adult and then we got these like
covers to protect the mattress upswept
than anything because the fart has a
seeing where he no no no am ia liar
right oh yeah that's the update slowly
it's coming together
you know you're going to get a kick out
of his mattress ah would get a kick that
his end Aaron you know why all he would
beg I know that you love high quality
stuff so um we we went to this mattress
store and at first we were looking for
tempur-pedic we went to a one of those
hidden sleeps you know the traditional
commercials all the matches are 3d so we
went to a tempurpedic store and we're
looking for the most high-end
tempur-pedic say has because is our
forever home or probably going to be
using the mattress for like 10 20 years
or whatever and then after we've what we
thought we found were like so is there
anything else that's not foam that
compares to something like this nothing
was five times
Papo on and then they're like well we
have a spring mattress that people
actually really like it it's different
it's not just traditional like coils
like in a car it it's like a spring
sheet that they fold over so and they
roll it up so it's like mini coils
that's on a sheet they like almost like
bubble wrap then they roll it over so
when you squeeze it it's actually
springing in every single different
direction and it's handmade and it's
this right here oh sorry okay so err
though it's called an heirloom dad and
this is not a motherfuckin commercial by
the way man sponsor us cuz we spend a
lot of money on this bed but because you
were so me and Joey literally like going
to the Tempurpedic one slanting our
bodies against that and slamming it on
em just keep slamming back and forth and
this bed it's so fuckin comfortable so
when you come over you have to sleep on
it I bet it's probably more comfortable
than tempur-pedic mattresses you know
you like the soft Barton silver PS but
the part when you start to come up and
it doesn't follow you with you to help
you get up is kind of yeah yeah only
would it have a bed yeah honestly little
like it looks better to sort of plain
mattress without sheathing look at that
it's it's it's so fucking cool and then
like it just looks crazy
we go back well because it's answer to
this one do you have a meal that just
holds every layer together so they don't
use glue so it's literary song with one
long-ass dream something like that yeah
like you know like a club sandwich or
they put a toothpick in they literally
have all kinds of gussets and it goes
through every single one so that's what
holds it together but then it becomes
like this cake that can move sideways
and up and down yeah and it's handmade
you mean it's awesome in an awesome way
yeah it's really I like I like the
references to like things in nature yeah
yes super super comfy heirloom if you're
watching this please sponsor us we love
the bed yeah I like how it's called
heirloom resource and pass it down to
the first yeah generation but I really
think that you like because you like
high quality stuff you and we bought two
of them one for guests and then one for
our old but we ballin so we bought the
before baller just at the floor display
one cuz it was like 75% off 75% and then
they are they clean it anyways it has to
do like some sort of like dry cleaning
yeah you've unit to adapt it and the
four models only there for a year I wish
they had a one for me yeah I wish they
had one for chemo so they could just we
could just get 75% off off both that'd
be awesome but we couldn't but thank you
mom for being that even though you're
not my real mom but I love you like
you're my real mom for accepting it
because now we can double tasks watch
you eat these delicious fucking pancakes
down horrible they're not that bad
are you kidding me look at this freakin
bubbling ah why do you mess with people
soon I'm gonna eat what I would know why
do you think your finger in it is not
soluble matter Susan I want to see I
mean but it's my food and he's been like
handling the dirty and camera fucking on
his stupid laptop what don't touch
People's Party leaders are still clean
looking don't touch people's food you're
disgusting you're a Neanderthal did you
wash your hands off the log of course
you want some yeah
hello ok nice warm oh all right
yeah tiny taste buds they're broken
Hollywood all right just got into our
new place I make sure I lock the door
and the first thing I want to do is take
off my shoes okay now the second thing I
want to do
whoa yo ma is checked out the bed that
mom got us while she didn't get in her
ass she accepted to delivery Oh son Oh
son is this one king
I can't tell so I think I'm of the
backwards ball son all right I'm doing
it poppin off Oh baby oh so good
ah how do you like it fall come here up
how do you like it fun good girl getting
off the bed hey like a preview how do
you like it okay so tough it out King I
got shot the King you mean yeah I'm a
different just try out the Chloe huh
this is the Queen all right
this is the Queen is it early let me see
oh oh yeah this feels freaking amazing
oh okay fabulous good mule I think I
think I want to sleep here tonight I
have no sheets whatsoever but this this
is good is so good good again this is
not a sponsored video but if I'm
listening to me we'd like your bed
sponsor anyway ah are you doing we doing
weirdo you looking at the you looking at
the health anyway what I was going to
say was um I'm kind of on standby right
now I'm just waiting because I kia is
supposed to come and deliver some items
that I purchased and most importantly
they have to assemble it for me because
I've built IKEA for so many years in my
life and I just do not want to do it
anymore they have this really cool
service where I think you paid less than
100 bucks and they assemble all the
furniture you want them to assemble so
yeah I'm waiting on that because I
besides I can't even assemble IKEA just
cuz I I get so impatient I no longer
look at the directions on my I got it
from here and then I end up either
building it backwards or with extra
parts and I'm like fuck that's I'm doing
right now
you so many foot what the hell is she
going why are we going a big nothing in
there what are you doing in there you're
exploring you're leaving alright see ya
where you guys go know what my barracks
there's a little problem problem yeah
you have to come out to show you the bad
mmm depends how you look at it oh no
what
so the problem is looking around for
almost us on that phone can't see what
windy Danny no you can't you can't get
all of you can drop ok so the problem is
that the original place we wanted to put
the dresser I think the dresser is too
big
Oh like high too long so it doesn't fit
there oh I thought you measured it I
measured it but it doesn't sit there
like the way that guy sits in the corner
perfectly semi see so I told my put
another area and I think it just might
work
finally
why are you peeking all the times no we
were supposed to be here yeah it was
supposed to be here works when we lose
that whole state supposed to be here but
that was too long so we decided to push
here we lose that whole space but it
fits there like perfectly though like
lit literally perfectly fuck yet and we
still got our out drawers in here you
know we don't have to have this what now
what that we can take it off if you want
it we have a real house so we have that
little that little closet doesn't make
the work flow a lot better so we can
become leave this here I can take that
off brother in the garage how are they
ever going to get into this well we
don't really go there often and if we do
then we just have to lift that up and
then pull it for okay and then I think
here we can hang our clothes and then
put that hamper here and that makes the
work flow pretty easy well it happens
really small like even this area's
really big yeah it's even pretty here
okay so it was kind of didn't go
according to plan only is that big of a
deal okay how much figure was it they
look way better did you yeah I'm sure I
measured it I really did I measure what
the floor plan of thing but it came out
from here it came out all the way like
up here yeah okay I felt like that you
can't trust the floor plan thing fun I
mean we already bought it we need it
kinda because we do have the other doors
to do it useless but we can use those
for blankets or whatever yeah and we do
have a lot I don't like this workflow a
lot I like keeping all the clothes in
what areas in the closet I like that
yeah and then we don't need this for the
shoes or anything so it's cool yeah
making me like accessories and for shit
here yeah alright whenever all did they
leave us uh someone left it yeah the
person might want it for us I closed it
out the job yeah okay where's the other
stuff big Ginny hold on let me curious
so I kind of like it in there looks like
it was built in there like that right
father is a problem-solver try the bed
yet not really
err I don't trust you I mean it's
believed you well there's a plastic
thing so it's not going to sink in all
the way I know but it still felt fucking
good
what are they doing over there
can you stop flirting char poor dad go
oh it's still home better than a
tempurpedic Oh amazing why you just want
to go home get close and just come back
I'm down that's what men say oh my dear
yeah and all those 90 pounds really
comfy I bet even a king I think they put
it I think our head should be that way
oh I think so isn't it
how do you know it's late I don't know I
feel like this way looks longer than
this way it's supposed to be wider than
it is long though that's how Cuba are
you sure we are supposed to be because
she does apologies same height ever
please oh thanks oh my god I'm not going
to fit in it so good
try putting your head on that in it
really matters about the plate fuck okay
oh we forgot a Cal King from my long end
but it's so hard to find a dope frame
with all the all the jokes aren't you
the only TL I talk she has a whack whack
ass one oh let me get your reaction
let's see which one knows a little fresh
baby room whatever let's go hey know
anything yeah okay I thought it was
Kenny look a little don't you dare he's
give oh oh
CUNY is the baby baby yeah no that's a
baby bit I told them I told to put on
the highest one
that's the highest one it goes all the
way oh here ya go all the way down there
yeah there's a piece down there for when
the baby is older yes you know mother's
work no
I didn't explain it to me a little bit
yeah so this is the newborn and they
owed one level beneath it in the nest
toddler yeah cuz I see once they're like
three if there's just hi they're going
to be over here to flip over yeah then
you bring it lower so it'll be all the
way at the bottom and then once they're
like you know three four five yep
then we remove one of these guys yep it
becomes just such a little David let me
guess the thing behind you is the diaper
TV station yes I know so much about baby
hold you son I just really got it
because of the little knobs I thought
that was really cute it is you know I
figure you can't tell it that old girl
is just you the custom happily we have a
kidney why don't we happen does it go
with something like you I know but you
and I are supposed to have this toxin to
some old people shit does not this is
crazy
you'll think it's crazy maybe hey wait a
minute oh you need to look at it I think
cuz you're behind the lens look at it
your fucking child is going to be in
there wait this is rock hard and there's
no magic to me oh my god damn oh you
thought that baby was going to sleep on
this I don't know I thought this is what
there's done right I don't know yeah
it's a good job of study I know I
figured like that 50 100 bucks other
ones yes the quality might be better but
a baby doesn't weigh like anything so
why am I going to spend like a grand
I am ballin does either wait you don't
think that's crazy this is your house in
your house had the crib that's normal
oh then everyday I hurry don't realize
that I even have a house I'm still
processing that that's already crazy so
I don't even like what do you think this
is a piece of furniture that you're
going to lay in one day when you're
tired
Oh
new creature I know it I just think my
mind still processing that we even have
a house together still true but look
look at me look at it Ella move drawers
nice all right well maybe I'm gonna
Melissa no you're not fine let's go look
at the other why don't you be shit about
the other best friend this is a crazy
one for me that's true but one's what I
get
all right anything there done that it is
actually pretty nice it is really nice
oh it feels so fucking good yeah I think
this is the best way to put it yeah
thank you
this is so nice and it's good cause I
was thinking of positioning it that way
yeah then I think we're going to block
the window huh maybe we can always
measure it oh we got visitors why do you
stop being a corner weirdo you don't we
turn a corner we're job what do you
think you like it and so like you just
took up the whole room what's the bed
yeah kind of I'm looking to measure it
and if we like it to know this moving
huh stop it stop messing around
slowly but surely it's happening I think
like I think bye-bye bye-bye bye-bye
bye-bye one day we'll have a lot of our
stuff here yep
that's a little knickknacks but the
bigger knickknacks paddywhacks let me
see I think the other way might be more
space-saving for this room but let me do
the channel measure
I have a measuring tape down say I just
gotta get over it no no okay we did that
we just the best I just want to take the
profit off ready oh well this one we can
watch out the other one
well Camilla's on the floor knit sweater
listed on tears oh we're able to cover
on this too
yeah but we're not moving it anymore
what are they supposed to put the cover
on they were supposed to wash it
remember
Oh marginal cost fluffy it is
oh my dear okay oh I know that look
look matte but look at this oh here's
baby Jesus oh no this is how babies are
made
we're gonna have a look you're making
lots of babies oh no I need to finish
woman OH
comfy why this computer or very low you
know what they just be declined for the
bed to be here because that that switch
that outlet it is facing upside down to
let us know that this outlet unlike this
one is powered by this guy order so
whatever we connect and that outlet is
going to be powered by this so they
already knew that's genius
so computer fine you little model ready
to go I'm gonna my nose not just come on
well our lunches like help quit your
wake up
good job boo good job all with the frame
and it nice little thing right here it
was cheap to owe me a hundred bucks
wha I know why is it clear affection no
IKEA IKEA shit yeah not a sponsored
video either I've been dropping a lot of
name-brand stuff but if any of you guys
work for corporate hit us up
we support yeah we're spending a lot of
our money but wait can we go back to
this guy wha-wha-what there's already
got first thing that is house where oh
yeah there's a lot everywhere well I'm
working moving yeah there's a lot
everywhere no wonder nobody wants to
keep it white I place this year I
thought to be the best which is asking
me they're putting it there then there
is but it's away from the Sun so the
faders get fried today fine although
Kimmy yeah this is good too because my
sister didn't have one of these I don't
know I don't want to put her on blast I
don't know her situation but the baby's
not going to roll over and we got cable
in here to see if the baby gets bored we
can watch always good plays a little
rock each other what's put TV yeah
that's all scary movies have little
rockatuer we gotta leave I'm getting
scared now
