David hello I hear you have a birthday
coming up
hold that I forgot about that shit
why how I never sold in my business you
celebrated like last year oh is because
your friends put it together yeah every
time my birthday was over because
somebody else put together why don't you
celebrate everything I've never really
done it I had never been something
that's important to me
oh is that how your mom is or family
when I was younger they used celebrated
like no it takes of stuff but after a
while right then they did celebrate it
well since I was like seven or eight and
then after a while like you get so busy
with the business and you know you know
my dad was going to seminary school at a
time to LA he was running you know
working like 70 plus hours like we just
had to just let it go you know so it
wasn't it wasn't something else
important to me and even if I didn't get
like a birthday cake or some idea but
then that became like 20 baht so super
happy but that's still kind of a
celebration so so I guess for you you
don't need a big hoopla big like shindig
but you do need
I don't celebrate you need anything that
even a happy birthday happy birthdays
are very nice if it didn't come really
cuz it's just another day for me I can
say that but then for me if if I want to
get a little recognition just like a
little oh yeah it's your birthday and
also like oh yeah I think that's I think
for most people if I had to but because
it wasn't emphasized after a certain age
it doesn't really matter to me so that's
just like how I grew up but you know for
most people if it was celebrating
constantly when they were kids
and of course do you feel is really
gonna hurt something here used to your
acumen I have to shit but number one I
also don't like to think about birthdays
because I think there's like a certain
type of a feeling that you get mean or
certain age like if you're this age this
is how you should feel
yeah I just live and see what happens
Wow
well we're not doing any favorite thing
how do you know oh we totally are Paul
back what
so uh can you relate to David when he
says that he doesn't care about his
birthday and for you and for him is just
another day um oh I grew up not really
having birthdays so how would your
particularly
he got a cake so my birthday's growing
up my birthday is growing up would be
all my mom's friends and my friends
giving me toys I look at them and if
they're nice that my mom takes them away
and gives them to other kids so I don't
have pets and then every single year I
have to wake my mom up and then ask for
her to come with me to the living room
sit down in the couch and I get on my
hands and knees literally like this and
I thank my mom for giving birth to me it
is a whole day I serve her on your
birthday my birthday yeah maybe I asked
the wrong person nothing like that at
all
we just really did a celebrated end of
30 it passed so my brothers were like
literal punishments to me but I
understand what my mom's perspective is
because it's her first day like she
birthed me so that's the day that I'm
some knowledge you are first my birthday
if you were birthday but it was her day
of pain I guess I used to serve her and
but she's the one that decided he
fucking fuck I know but that's just how
I was raised so like I think birthdays
were never that big of a deal to me but
I loved going to my friends birthdays
because they had pinatas we get to like
hang out I Chucky Cheese and play so it
was I like go to other people's
birthdays right but I never even had a
present well I'm really not bringing
this up is because it's David's birthday
at the end of this month
oh is it you didn't he didn't even know
of course he doesn't know even though
number 20 everything I don't know liar I
just know it's not honestly it's like
you know some people as soon as it hits
their birthday month they already know
right they start climbing that's me
Kourtney on sometimes it comes out of
nowhere on the ocean my birthday's
tomorrow yeah you know solo some people
they know like three months ugly it's
gonna be my birthday in the cember that
girl I didn't like do in February right
nobody is it's my birthday week I'm like
bitch there's always a birthday week you
hope shut the fuck up it's a birthday
look what I want a birthday week you can
have one of your birthday's coming up
next - how are your birthday's compared
to these two
how are your birthday's I had a normal
childhood
no my parents threw birthday parties for
me but get a birthday party but the only
different thing was oh I got watermelon
cakes I'm allergic to milk the event a
party with friends but then when my kids
when my friends were sad that it was a
piece of watermelon with candles my
parents were like oh next time we got to
get cake for his friends ah reasonable
yeah later today we got cake and stuff
for them so they would cut that up and
give that to them and I'll be happy with
my watermelon yeah it's your parents
thought it through and all things they
would go to other kids birthday parties
and get ideas like there was one friend
who gave out present for his birthday
and they thought it was a good idea for
me to give these little like like
present packets of candy and whatever so
if someone's going to give you something
you should give it back
oh you guys are like so like yeah so
they're like yeah you should pass these
out to everybody that attends to your
birthday that's so nice yours was the
complete opposite that part is the goody
bags that I got from other people's
birthdays were more president that I
ever got on my own real birthday ah but
then again my parents were hella social
because that was their job
my proposal that's the problem
you know what so hyping things together
I feel like let your parents hold events
at the help yeah my oh really so my
mom's doing alright oh there's karaoke
night like every single week people come
over she turns off the lights
there's only Christmas lights at the end
there's a copy nice so it's a party am i
my dad you know the sound system he has
at his house yeah we've been having that
for 20 years they sing in my mom she did
the anglo and all today held event all
the time yeah the gas they all hang out
just weird it's just fucking weird I
tell you to put this in for scrapping I
will say this I think it kind of does
make sense because you're the child that
said hey I'm not a kick-out at a light
because go oh maybe they were bitter I
think I was louder
okay fucking all the data here you give
me trouble this one day I do something
for me that's fun don't you hold a
grudge against you that maybe I don't
know but I've been doing that birthday
shit before
watch every fucking upset dozen first
grade nevermind I don't know I started I
got kicked out for first grade so I
really don't know god damn / early man
that was Exavier interests Blanca that's
how I know this date what for me bitch
that's funny
alright so our fans ask is this shit all
the time and since you guys are engaged
about to get married
what is your tip or advice for
successful relationships I'm not aware I
get your dicks up make him earn it they
can learn it is a blow loan shoot ropes
what oh shoot ropes like my ropes what
do you guys like what's coming out yeah
oh you wanna bet that boys don't care
for you for the kids
no no no compromise your own bathrooms
on separate oh yeah what is up with that
yeah I said that we don't have that so
okay so we have mystery so in our
relationship we've been here for about
four years now and we don't we don't
whatever Beach I don't ever hear her go
to the bathroom who's we building her on
the faucet when shits going down and we
both cover our tracks with candles and
stuff
I like the candles and so and we have
separate bathrooms on top of that yeah
and so we'd I've never seen her go
bathroom she right now repeating cubic
air like it's like loose hairs oh and
vice versa right there's no weird I
shaved my entire body yeah and no but
but you know we were big believers yeah
I think that and also having a date
night like a specific not just like you
know because we live together or work
together so we see each other all the
time that doesn't count
why doesn't it why doesn't it count
because a lot of guys that have that
misconception
oh yeah I mean you got to be reek of you
talking yourself about Heather you
just kind of seeing each other in
passing and so the tension that you need
for a relationship is not there it's
like it's just like passive you're not
present in the moment and with your
spouse so you need a time where you just
spend time with each other only without
your phone we have a TV without any shit
going on you just talk and you connect
and it you know you have like a new
understanding every time like you just
you keep learning
will you keep because it because people
just a naturally grow on their own right
but but you need to grow together or
you're kind of fucked like yeah like I
know it's tons of people who had great
relationships like for a year and then
now they break up every three months
and they don't know what to do and they
keep repressing their feelings about
their own relationship and basically
they don't they don't admit that the
real problems are what they're breaking
up about every three months and they
cover it all up these could be a
suppressing you keep quiet about what I
like is like when we have our date
nights like he's lived his life
throughout the week and I lived my life
throughout the week and then we bring
things to the table like oh dear about
this or like oh I did this the other day
and I thought of you and do that oh he
really we live together and we see each
other all the time but we're in our own
little liner oh yeah I like that really
have our together life yeah that's so
cool so all I took away from this
conversation is you suck a lot dick got
a lot of ham so definitely like a little
healthier but make them arm it again did
you use just to get this dick sucked for
no reason just for not to do that be
good boy no oh
quick all day you have to fuck don't go
too long without fucking in there that's
a big one yeah what's a few long Oh like
I know like a luggage month or something
like some people dunno I'm saying like
villages over here what he's been really
on a busy schedule sometimes it's hard
really please don't we people watching
this right now I don't want to like blow
up their entire thing because they're
watching this and going like oh fuck
yeah I'm not able to the couple yeah
yeah right chin so it's like you know I
don't know you personally but I'm saying
like if it's been past a month you see
people robbing people's needs are more
than other people's needs so I you know
wait a month you can fill those needs
now did I want
one Jesus of anything she's just more
she's a stress monster it depends on the
month think she's planning the wedding I
get it then it'll be so much more sex
and you know what else sucks when she
gets pregnant there's gonna be no seven
really it just goes on a drive-thru it's
dry
what about HJ hj' you get an isolate no
you know she's really nice so we just
scored all friends of losing their
common pretend she asked friends I feel
there's no connection but I'm like hey
Kerry it's better than an HJ yeah okay
ohk has often but she participates she
makes me happy here and then yeah yeah
they're not selfish
she's doing much just to eat the butter
up I don't need to buy overly you don't
need some pot I don't need his but
having a friend of turn around
wait look after the baby look at it but
how do you break into that I just got to
go in then wait you can't break into
that that's Hugo that's a huge yeah you
got to believe you can accomplish great
anything she's the baby meeting feels
like a baby yes you don't want that you
don't want that what I was wrong with
you doesn't like to eat the butter or
now you're just proud of yourself in
that freaking but now I'm actually not
in that sure I am are you it's amazing
yeah you love it tell her to play the
trombone yeah that's good shit yeah
that's what you get for being like a
musical kid is good I hear that it's you
while you're down there if you stick
fingers up the butthole behind but I
know you're never gonna go I know you're
not into it
but I feel like you doing the first man
like you would like it okay you drive
she knows you think we'll save some for
marriage oh yeah oh interview guys after
marriage yes that's fine I guess you you
think remember I get to finger you bud
okay my fingers are pretty big got some
big old digit me you got like dick
seemed very like a saying this it's an
anal sex yeah I got dictionary and I
gotta figure it
okay finally home had dinner with Nikki
and her fiance aka husband pretty soon
um it was always so it's always really
cool hanging out with other youtubers
because they understand the lifestyle I
understand the workflow it's like
talking to like another accountant you
know because we are there's such a big
crew and we have so many different
channels and so many different YouTube
channels businesses that we tend to just
stick to our own kind which is not a bad
thing but it's not necessarily 15
because we're not really understanding
what's going on in our own personal
communities it was really cool to
connect with other youtubers because you
guys see we rarely do it so that was
really really cool but now I'm finally
home when I come home I see all of these
voices and I can't help but get really
frickin excited she's just another
reminder of moving to a new home and I'm
so happy because I am in love with this
home you guys already know how much you
know how much I am in love with our
house like not the biggest you not the
fanciest but I don't give a shit because
it's mine I worked for it a mine and
bars excuse me
he worked for it we saved up we
strategized we I don't know we did
everything we possibly could to make
this home happen and it happened very
organically and they're easily arm and
it was it was perfect it was perfect so
I'm just so excited when I come home and
I'm like in the movie don't get me wrong
had a great learning experience here
didn't even live here for a year not a
bad thing I do kind of just feel a
little bit bad that because you know of
our current situation with the dogs in
our work schedule everything
you weren't really able to take
advantage of where we live
but it's okay I'm not going to die this
kind of deal-making um that I'm kind of
like uh I was kind of a bummer but I'm
not regretting it at all
another thing that I thought was really
cute when I walked in item and realized
that I did this and by no means am i
calling myself CUNY I think I'm Timmy
but I'm pretty plugin cutie really a
pretty buddy security
so suppose you don't know Barton I sweep
two separate blanket I got so tired of
making the bed because I have to put
this one and this one and lay it across
and then when we get home we have to
separate it like this anyway someone
fuck that I'm not making it today
I'm pretty tired so I left Bart's duvet
on one side
I left both my furry blankets because
I'm fucking freezing in here you guys
he likes having a fucking icebox he's
fucking love it
breathing I'm dying I wasn't hate how
cold is fucking places because I live
with a fucking polar bear but anyway yes
I need to be with two fucking blanket
both sick and furry and I just laid it
out because I'm like I know after Jake
it means I'm going to be tired I'm not
making the bed I'm separating I'm just
going to crawl inside brush my face
brush my teeth crawl inside that's what
I'm doing that's it but yet home now and
I'm ready to go to bed cuz I look like
shit I look like shit my face shows it
right here I'm ready to go to bed but
guys it was such a beautiful day with
you guys thank you so much for following
along with me I'll but wasn't too
annoying
um and good
