so I am super excited today I can't yell
because I'm in the doctor's office one
because I'm going to get to see my baby
and two it's because you finally get to
say from my perspective before it would
always be bar like talking and giving
his two cents now it's my turn to give
to gents all right so I have to get fuck
asked method this pleasure will cook up
and I have to put this on and then have
to take everything off and keep this on
I think I'm gonna get like a pap smear
and it's physical on all that stuff and
you hurried up okay making them want to
change now look at that fat belly okay
put it off so now I am completely naked
and I always hate these wait up not sure
that I have to be but ask Megan I have
to put this on because they're going to
go in my little hoop off and they're
going to take it sound so nasty
until they're going to take cultures
from my vagina which means they're going
to take all that they're going to take
all the juices and then they're going to
study it to make sure I'm having started
infection like yeast infection or
gingivitis in section I call that stuff
ouch I don't have Vanaja I don't feel
anything it's like the most normal right
now that's great
second trimester tends to do that what's
also really good and they spiked you
know three months a little more
uncomfortable in the next one oh sorry
but you know young healthy women not so
that okay what's pretty sincere young
though not 40 oh cool that's all me
yeah okay yeah so varying you know
definitely eighteen-year-old to early am
i unhappy but majority of women in their
twenties and thirties just fine
okay cool critical good other concerns
about the process today ah no so the
Dodgers spoke to walking through the
whole thing yeah so yeah nothing crazy
blood draw today too so that we can
check for what's called spina bifida
yeah which is an opening in the baby's
back when you take your prenatal vitamin
that helps to prevent it so that's not
nearly as much of a risk is what it used
to be I think they're very very very
unlikely okay great um today world this
to a suave around the vagina as well if
you do if your PAP will do that yeah
that's really it cool probably not a
good idea to be videoing the exam okay
because that's a little bit x-ray okay
sorry
you tell me oh cool
so you look great goodbye yeah once the
round bar just a little bit that's not a
hard client sometimes I have to be ever
a little bit limited in my personal
world right there nice job 165 means
minute exactly what you want to hear in
the stage nice job good job
nothing to do with it how do you get
everything on that intercom being put
all the responsibility on all the credit
it's all good quality goes wrong you lie
on the side alright quick list on your
heart and lungs
deep breath perfect in that again
very good speed normally the feeling on
your neck you could squeeze it too if
you want okay well you're off now right
unless you're okay with it it's up to
you guys
I'll go ahead after bring your gown up I
love this way sorry a lot of time on
your bottom gentle pressure just feeling
for lumps and bumps the edge of the
table
all right there's just fine okay first
we're gonna do light touch just a q-tip
here all right we take a look at your
cervix as well gentle touch here slow
and steady
it's a lot of pressure you taking big
deep breaths does it feel funny yeah of
course
that's what cars go through every day
you know that well now what do you mean
people always go underneath cars and
they examine the oil and other pipes and
stuff
okay super cars I feel like the nose
being nervous systems know so probably a
little bit different a little bit and
also they don't think no the funny
feeling they also don't make Mexican
cars so Jeremy you're done here belfort
job I mean it's normally healthy
we are now at 50 pairs Papa very
exciting and he's craving some pizza and
well pretty babies
mainly just begun and also I haven't ate
babies in a while and when I'm on just
died I got to make sure there's a lot of
babies zombie constipated and on my
buffer zone you're really tight so they
have this veggie salad here called um
roasted veggie it's so good to be roll
to eat veggies in there and the whole
salad is beginning to Russian like it
that you get grilled chicken breast
that'll take care of the healthy type
and then that side I'm gonna get the
Hawaiian teeth uh fatty
so as for me I am very indecisive and I
don't know what the hell I want
I just saw they have lunch duo's that's
I'm going to grab a lunch duo I think
I'm going to get mushroom pepperoni
sausage but I'm going to take out the
pepperoni and the mushroom and Tomica
like I know I'm trying to I'm trying to
I'm trying to remember I know but I'm
trying to Pat I'm trying to get a sneaky
attack okay I'm trying to get what I
want
what does Nikki attack switching it out
and then adding spinach can I get the
peanut and called the dough and another
half of the sheet sweet well hey stop it
okay and then I'm going to get the
doughnuts Archaea hold the tortillas
stop it
and then I'm going to get the fresh
strawberry mango cooler but for this is
progress
oh yeah no is because that I want the
selection that I want but they are only
forcing these economy I'm trying to do a
little sneaky attack that's what they
recommend you've got to get it that way
then
okay I don't want you to add anything or
change anything to your order I'm not
yeah right okay you're the king of that
what do I do
you're the king of that what I guess he
has some audit we're going to ask any of
our friends and yes I modify everyone in
both working order doing what their mom
everything is our cilantro maybe one
everything everything one why do you go
to argue with me can you just a CUNY
could be nice so return or not you
already making fun of me Camilla no can
you be nice yeah I would have to deal
with society so mean to me all the time
he's always making fun you never like
super lovey-dovey whatever you guys see
young is always gonna be yours all the
time unless the cameras rolling and he
wants to look really good then he'll be
looking at all
fine I made up that last part but you
see and pick on me all the time
cuz I love you love me left well I won't
be lovey-dovey there i muted father know
you didn't believe and you must be what
tuck I got my pieces with all good it is
all happy you know look at this just
excited it's like smaller than my hand
look at me Ibiza and then look at mine
this is like my perfect size
if the saw does not want to come out
come o literally nothing
maybe there is a little dance okay I
just fight through my hands like what I
thought my veto and I ruining my I'm not
terribly good
oh you're busted peaches yeah
let's see the pepper being okay I'm now
gay he's been stuck with shit over
well Paul berry kept mocking me but
joke's on him because I was able to get
what I wanted without having to pay
extra that I never do that come on why
are you what are you doing why are you
oh my God look at this one time
come on
my yamaja detecting all my god the whole
belong
Bull Run
what's the difference between pizza and
power this is what I got to deal with
every time I okay back home now and the
first steps of our moving process is
happening first it being we're not
taking any of our old furniture rocks
donating in it little of the bed we're
actually building it donating it
donating we're actually donating it to
friends but Papa has been laughing at me
this whole time because I've been
labeling stuff why are you laughing at
me cuz cuny what's Q&U is CUNY it's like
you're putting up all these little
post-it notes to show which one's our
friends or family can take because we
want all new stuff but when I first
thought you're going to put it in I
thought it was just going to be like
okay here close to here pull here but
you actually wrote on them like it's a
caption at a medium hmm like n to the
left is a 1995 couch that you may also
take so this is really funny I didn't I
didn't go that descriptive but my sister
for example wanted specific item so for
her I'm making it easy because she has
to pick it up herself because I just
don't have time to hook her up with that
but it's cool because she's got my
nephews and my nephew's are huge they're
like probably taller than Bart now um
they're like 18 and 16 so they're gonna
like put in some work so for her I
labeled it here and then for other
people that you know they see something
that they want and I'm like here you go
buddy
up for grabs with speaker on the floor
down there I say like all five floor
lamps are up for grabs like this King
and the best is included up for grabs
the couch with the pillows seat up for
grabs over here
up for grabs this table up for grabs you
get the idea right like I wanted to make
it spotless won't you just come in here
and know who this shit belongs to see
labeled labeled labeled labeled like I'm
making it easy for everyone
Hunter I'm trying to do in the midst of
labeling everything and moving things
from one place taking it out and moving
it so that I realize we don't have
anywhere to put this shit so we are at
my home where we Ramon why figure out
home away from home this is a Mexican
joke
what in the world is going on there so
this is a weirdest fucking candy of
everyone oh I don't need any explanation
why did you even buy it why does it come
with a frickin candy pen I don't know
it's the weirdest shit ever I was about
to explain it to you are you fucking
kidding me how old are you
this is awesome it's like this hour
tardy you're about to be a mom and
you're freaking I not even knowing that
comes out of a pen
I know research that's how good of a mom
gonna be I need to know what kids are
going to be attracted to because be
fucking kidding me you are a fucking
baby you fucking juicy drop hmm you're a
fucking baby nice and gentle it's
actually pretty sour yeah I bought this
package opened up into spanking why
would she does a fucking pan on the
front of the package I thought it was
just to show you the juice that's inside
why would it be such a specific freakin
juice pan
oh it doesn't squeeze it exactly why did
you even buy you never even had that
candy before and then I just looked at
it just got me because it was juicy you
are such an addict you know that I liked
happy you're an addict
no not you look at you holler that's
your freak you belong on a playground in
an elementary school
I wish it whoa whoa whoa check this out
and downtown there's always something
cool being shot down
in their food
whoo nearly but the house yes
buzzer
this is a big shoe I wouldn't be
surprised that someone famous like this
was for like a hbl TV show or Netflix or
something if it blocked off the entire
cafe so you can't even see who's inside
this is like
I think I'm definitely going to miss
that stuff in downtown LA um but not
really variety I love my house so much
I'm just so happy to be moving out I
like peace and quiet and I like visiting
and then leaving the chaos that's what I
like not being in the chaos on I agree I
like I like being home where it's quiet
and if I want it to be quiet
it can be quiet but here you can't you
want it to be quiet again that's what I
hear ah all the time that's like hearing
you mean to music okay okay can i oh hey
sorry I don't even understand you just
got here you do yourself just wake up
the bowl like just your ass cheek is on
the bed bringing you comfortable you're
comfortable but you put you put you put
fuck you but your boner you put it
we
yeah
all right so it's my time now and I feel
like Bart and I have made progress
so we've emptied out cupboards check
this out
filing cabinet to have to take with us a
bunch of the drawers they are empty
oh nevermind this is beautiful
our kitchen it's done Zoe's not seeing
Oh not taking any of that shit and
that's going in here - Nadine's
special mag nothing in here nothing in
there things they're still here top
boxes
this stuff is all empty table air ah
emptied out his drawers yep I love this
thing hey they're done not mine at all
there Burstyn we're making progress it's
slow but progress is definitely progress
my food here and I ordered post me but
when I got my food was a little bit cold
not to say anything about postmates so
absolutely love close mates so I'm
warming it up just a little bit I think
that's more than enough I just want a
little bit warm so I got fat burger I
got myself a burger that's it nothing
too crazy okay so I got me some really
basic gas food
yes bridgie she knows I'm going to give
her food to show his weight here but
anyway I got a basic gas hot dog and a
face
a cat lega oh my god is so sloppy
who the hell maybe is and then just some
fucking fat fries and she's so cute how
cannot super food hear your little sad
oh you're welcome
see you later okay I'm gonna grub
alright guys can I can I share something
with you guys without you guys judging
me gonna make a confession so I order
post me like every single day multiple
times a day so I'm just so busy um and I
suck at cooking that I don't post my
meals at home and I'm usually in a
meeting when the food gets delivered so
you can just imagine Republican
Pinterest but I'm not a problem on my
schedule so I'm a freaking sucker when
it comes to post Nathan I'm the worst
person ever so if you want to judge me
go ahead but please don't so I always
have to order at least like thirty
dollars of food this is including
delivery intact and all that because I
feel so bad for the person delivering
food to me to just give me something
that's like less than ten bucks because
clothes nice doesn't have like a limit
so I always order extra food that I
don't end up eating the same day and I
see it for the next week it doesn't
taste that good but I'm like fuck I
can't just have a person come here cuz
they also rely on tips dry I'm assuming
I don't know how post work post mates
really works but then I'm like what if
they're working for tips and all I'm
giving them is like I can't even give
them like a less than ten percent tip
like I was up to give notice to give
them like 15 percent cuz I feel so bad
such a loser
I should just order when I'm going to
eat anything about that like I was just
gonna eat the hot dog period and starve
it like I only comes out to like Timbuk
shit well let me order a burger yeah I
can eat a burger later smell it anymore
that was just like I don't want them to
make their way out here come to like
downtown LA half the parking valet go I
don't know how many flies to freaking
slice they have to grow up not stairs
but the kitchen elevator but to get an
elevator like Bob however
anxious I feel like I should order more
so that I can make it worth their time
told you man I'm a sucker dude all right
so I've made my confession does anyone
else feel that pressure is it just me
well with all that said and done I hope
you guys enjoyed spending the day with
me and getting the baby Bale update I
can't wait to share more with you guys
oh I think it's time to knock the fuck
out to be honest so thanks again good
night
stay later
