I woke up so hungry and it's still so
new to me because prior to being
pregnant i I never craved food
I never wanted food in fact I was forget
about eating so now when I wake up I'm
like fuck I'm hungry again how am i
hungry again why am i hungry again it
feels like i-80 dinner like I had a
pretty decent dinner which soup three
tacos bunch of sides like I was stuffed
and I can't believe I wake up and I'm
starving now
what the f and usually this would make
me so happy because I'm always hungry
but yes my Bears finally hungry because
usually it's always me trying to drag
her to go eat something like babe you
haven't ate anything today can we at
least get dinner but I'm on a fucking
diet so I barely can eat and now she's
under this hour rolls I've been remember
I'm really excited tomorrow because
we're taking an improv class sjk but
it's going to be my first improv class
because me and mom bear had to miss our
first one but a case you caught me up a
little bit me and Geo up and we've been
working on object work and object work
is when you just tell someone an object
and they kind of have to work with it so
mob air yeah are you ready for object oh
okay
the object is a bell a bell go
as well okay
for this version of the object work for
homework we're not supposed to talk yet
this is all pantomime and moving and
making your intentions known and very
evident so you could paint a story and
while you're doing it you're supposed to
discover who you are where you are and
what you're doing and that's the beauty
and art of cloth where you can an entire
source so I'm assuming mommy right now
trying to ring the bell and it was
arranged which is climbing the rope to
try to ring it and she's still climbing
trying to swing around and to laughing
Wow she strong fall off the rope of one
hand what a strong okay she fell back
down oh okay that all's about to sail on
super what now no hand just floating in
the air is she Superman Oh just stood
back off to the side I get it yeah the
point the point of object work is so
that through your actions you can
explain an entire story kind of going
back to Charlie Chaplin if you guys
watch to come comedy great and this is
so refreshing for me because we've done
comedy for so long we learn a lot of
different styles but going back to the
basics and really refining and
perfecting it is super important give me
ask you what the hell would happen
I know what he wants me to do but I'm
just going to fuck with him a little bit
hey where'd you go
I'm over here well what happened of
course I'm going to throw against the
grain chemicals
what are you doing cuz I know you wanted
me to do by the momentum of you okay uh
what you are shoe shopping
no just doing Oh cute shoe now getting a
talent Larry to give you the premise
true ah distance but it was about not
thinking going with the first impulse
but I get that she wait okay uh candy
all right so I think he just stole candy
who's sitting down oh he's letting
someone sit with the how did he get the
cat he's on a bus or a subway of some
sort before did he get the candy from I
messed up at the doctor's office
what and I felt like it wasn't intent
enough so I was like I'm gonna change
your location but that's not right you
can't just go from one location into
something up give me another one maybe
try that for what time okay uh thought
that must have been the fabric softener
he's carrying up his socks from what I
can read
he didn't like that sauce
okay so now there's a pair oh the other
one was a pair it wasn't lit okay
he's not sure if it's clean and dirty
but it's dirty there's a stain on his
sock or clothes
okay the trash is over there you can
remember the trash down one
so there's another care is another pair
then you get a lot of thought oh I hate
when that happened what happened to the
other sock had dammit that sock and
always disappears trash cool girl I
think I did a good job you did a great
job I messed up at the beginning I
thought it was a fabric softener sheet
alternate measuring
oh nice you're like always long but no
one really measures their saw how do I
do it like I mean it I would probably
you probably hold them up like next to
each other something I don't know you
did a great job of colors like maybe
that was detail that was unnecessary
maybe one yeah okay good job
oh shit yeah oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
you're crazy
that backup camera looks hella clear
right now it looks like I'm looking into
a portal of some sort
for a hammer or a high-definition camera
ooh what did you get naked naked juice
you know I really like it when it makes
difference you don't like it when I eat
veggies like the artichoke opening
everything no I like I like me to eat
anything that's one very nutritious -
when it's a big variation in the diet
like if we're going to eat clam or eat a
shrimp or eat lamb or eat go you know I
have crazy variation in my diet
not really why not because you don't
have a big palate but I eat like a
different with me every single day but
ingredients wise that's the same house
all it's different we need yeah but so
de carne asada that's beef and then yeah
you can get beef and broccoli that still
be so put in wise it's really different
but nutrition wise and there's an
approaching source variations exactly
the same am I going to swing I have no
idea what you're going to say it might
as well go to some town I still got to
get a concrete before I train but do you
get what I'm saying
ah yeah but then the flavors in the
spices are way different
and I'm only limited to a certain amount
of fish or seafood and that's a lot of
meat and chicken and well you could also
eat goat and lamb and duck why would I
even start that right now so that the
little baby can have a bunch of
different type of protein can be very
healthy in life I know but you want to
start them young so they don't grow up
how about picky your men your
methodology doesn't make any friends oh
ma so you're just talking out of your
ass no this is tried and true why are
you trying to teach me about mommy when
you don't even know what a period feels
I'm getting right now
yeah and daddy thought that's it there's
no fucking crazy big celebration for
Father's Day yes there is amazing it's a
eschewed everyone goes crazy none I
don't I know so many freaking raves that
a Father's Day theme everyone takes
crazy drugs and they go I'm talking
about I know I screw you out from time
to time why more better I'm trying to
park interesting dumb shit oh here's the
camera I call fucking clear that is what
I'm saying is that it's good to change
up all the different protein sources
because the spices is nothing there's
just one spice I mean one culture adds a
little bit more cumin the other one has
a little more green onion spices are
spices what I'm saying for a healthy
baby is you should have crab shrimp fish
yeah let's give it all the base lug go
lamb
camel
anything I can get your hand
fine whatever is going to get you to
just cut it out cool yay yay pablor a
function eval out of here we're trying
to leave get out BBQ look of course is
weird it's not like a Chinese mom eat a
lot of crazy things so your baby don't
come out okay
everyone knows if you like crazy know if
you eat fish eyes you get good eyesight
what if you don't even believe that you
think I'm cute get out
you're no cute you look look I'm busy
now get out of my car your car this is a
big big bad fucking wolf that you're in
yeah get out of my car all right so this
is freaking crazy
so um me and my bear we're making ramen
at home the other day I know I know what
ramen were talking about and we were
making ramen at home the other day and I
guess the company sought non-steam and
they reached out to geo what both of us
both of us they go farting gia thank you
for loving shin ramyun xie na Mian she
dominated Korean okay three percent
Korean represent fine and being a fan we
hope you guys enjoy what's in the box
and we look forward to seeing who's the
better chef in the cook-off also
congrats on the pregnancy we can't wait
to watch your vlog would you know about
that fucking stalker stuff getting fast
weird
so think all these shit even some sure
yeah that's crazy so we can represent
nut that's the stupidest shirt ever
we're for sure it must suit me awesome
now we got some some young and spicy
seafood honors
that is dope yeah this is so cool some
kimchi ramen
amen desk Oh Oh hacks and pass along
what we cannot holy shit at this one cuz
we were having that you're like I know
my rights
I know my rights but I like in the bowl
from about the Bulls can and then we got
one black that is crazy and Korean right
here watch Chinese button Korean over
here where's Donny and Marie Curie
although even though you're three
percent Korean I can read more Korean
than you can oh yeah oh yeah
what is this day then Shin this is Allah
you know see yeah yeah yeah whatever
this writer while you're training oh
yeah black duh oh this is so cool yeah
so special Tom Tom me bad thank you I
have never felt so happy to get instant
noodles in my entire life this is cool
there's one of those tie red day is
never fun but the good news out the last
debt the pleasured hearted workout of
the day whenever I'm done with that I
only have a few things up to do it
always feels good you are finally finish
the state gets hard as part of the
workout then everything else is just
like god Italy and its really chill I'll
go what does will form on there I'm like
are you look so mad I can't do anything
over three reps I get so tired very
tired except for what is that you know
the rest I get it I just finished the
workout and I think this wow that's a
nice Corvette is that a Corvette yeah is
it for or anything so no are not the
Corvette that you're stealing or down
nothing is nice is it for that yeah oh
yeah with the window damage in new ways
uh that was a really hard workout I
think it was the hardest workout of the
week actually and I'm just so exhausted
but you know ironically the harder the
workout the more it sucks daring but
then the more accomplished you feel
after so if you don't wear out or look
like you feel accomplished at all you
look like you just got the shit beat out
of you and you're trying to like regain
some sort of consciousness conscience
the consciousness
I know what you mean I'm uh I'm really
really beat shit right now so Wow look
at this bridge is beautiful at night why
are you high
Oh sometimes I forget how beautiful the
bridges at night here in LA we don't get
out enough we appreciate so much stuff
but we just don't get out in it we'll
look at those film lights Wow did a lot
that's why I didn't do it well I want
you guys to see my my face that was ugly
is that gonna be your birthday's when
you give birth probably with a freaking
baby just turn to that vagina
stop you're fine just kidding I know
it's gonna happen but then let me oh not
think about it too much what we're
hungry we're gonna get some food
probably get some clean eats are on our
way to J town where they got us some
shabu shabu
I love shop with shabu it's so yummy and
delicious makes me have to make the work
out or work
you
I came back home
and I used the hot tub and I feel so
much better I feel so relaxed now my
bones don't ache a little bit because it
was a crazy hard set but the fact that
my muscles are crazy relaxed I feel so
good and tomorrow's a day off so uh he
just relax
what do you do mama pig not furniture
what kind of slinky
Thank You picking out furniture full
house clay see ya which one is bedroom
Gazoo which one is just a bunch I have
in you
whoa that's a lot oh that was nice boys
oh my my nice longer okay you gonna miss
this place no for real look at that
beautiful view you told me not gonna
miss that what I think a little bit
you're really like living in the city
that much what is that
god damn all its pretzels my peanut
butter you freaking fat lady I'm just
kidding you know just kidding thank you
I'm just kidding you see you see
of course I'm that look at all I'm
Saturday 8:00 you no violence no stossel
it's like I'm relieved you know if they
can buy ste chipmunk imma gonna sleep
okay I'm tired
you saw what I did today I will freak in
when ham and then we have a bunch of
meetings in the morning I didn't show
you guys was hella boring you guys see
all kinds of means all the time it was
do Busey absorb azusa's I don't want to
say that fuckin bullshit anymore I just
want to show you guys the cool fun parts
all of this just fucking bullshit I just
wanna show you guys fun that we have and
tomorrow dr. improv class super excited
so yeah I'm gonna sleep rest up
that's morning I got to meet up with the
electrician actually going to put in the
recessed light so see you guys tomorrow
be
