and there's a 90 tool that Noah really
beautiful I sounded fault
uh-oh bogey are you walking I'm trying
dude have to be another band of haha
don't forget gone Judy doesn't give a
fuck nobody sweating now I know you
gotta get in it Oh
how do Baldridge not reply I'll bring
you down you should be always on Kip
that bad starting guys no heart
well I want an occasional joke I'm sorry
to get the boat fucking rocket but
nobody lose to these fuckin oh my God
we're gonna end up coming out of frickin
what I am again haha who did like what
he's like I just really like Tommy has
like elderly Tommy's what's happening
that's all awesome ever like it for the
longest time I don't give you I love the
book yeah he loved spoke anything that
sounds electronically made he hated oh
you know
you know I was so shocked cooporation
yeah you know you know I'm and
everything there we go I did not have to
meet it
yeah good for them of course I hit you
so much
World War II Army camera speed
I was about to record genome because
she's been on this music tip every
single time we call it but when I
realized that every time I pick up the
time I have food in my mouth the first
time I was a wafer a cookie by the web
no I feel good
not up okay I'm this time I have a scone
in my mouth
what's up with the music why why I guess
I'm stuck in my head very easily like
every time I come in here is always a
fucking song because someone starts
singing it and I get stuck in my head
forever today was awesome
yeah today was Geo's fault Mike yeah cuz
you were saying Joe Oh Joey second shit
sir
so whatever I hear a song no no no this
is awesome whatever whatever I get a
song second I have to hear it
so it's switching that song to ice cubes
it was a good day Samantha hurry so we
can get it out of my head Sunday's our
original the Isley Brothers
it's a romantic song really yeah like
we're the baby bro yeah oh yeah person
you weren't B Kimberlin you made it all
gangster teen years sending your throat
yeah a little bit I had these little
popcorn chips and a little zigzaggy why
you got stuck in their villa beg your
toes a kiss yeah he's been doing this
the whole fucking time
he just keeps a little bit more for
target practice bitch well the
commissary
look at how crazy you look so getting
fucking messages from ABC mail and in DC
they want to report on my aunt wedding
invitations oh cool I shouldn't want to
do that channel to keep privacy because
they were your wedding invitation should
you got scared because we got this
ticket yeah it says my awesome airing is
sheriff and they made their wedding
invitation I look like it to get to the
envelope has like the sheriff star
whatever name whatever and it says has
report report to yet in an urgent stamp
and you open up it looks like a fucking
ticket that's telling you to go to court
and it's actually their invitation is us
so like everyone will not everyone but
the more unethical people that were
invited
like we're freaking out and then they
realize it was yeah and I go oh yeah and
then I posted online and it went viral
and now all these news papers are news
channels trying to hit me up to do a
story on it but my aunt let's kind of
keep it low like low profile so they
don't want you always go fire what the
hell you're ready on Mashable
yeah good your oh cool there it is we
measures you don't get invited to
wedding you get what summoned Wow
oh yeah that was you you really don't
know in your huh mmm-hmm they don't call
expert village yeah I was like they
better give you credit shooters it
should have been like follow me on Jeana
yeah paw bear what are we doing right
now were you standing what's going on it
is crazy
we're finally gonna get a key but Kevin
is nowhere to be found it's because the
early years we are five minutes early
but I'm excited Kevin where are you oh
this is so crazy
I was super cool is TIFF was here for
the siding now shifted back where the
Tennessee the key getting I know I was
like okay I was there when you got
married oh you
witness I was there when you go to
reciting your papers to get this house I
have to be there when you go get your
keys yeah true Oh me yeah so I'm so
excited for you guys I'm so happy she's
going to be in the delivery room and
shouldn't be looking at my vagina like
come on baby calm down okay so sorry
she's squatting again trained for the
brick she's going to the gym just a few
cats get in the squat position go ready
boo boo back I got you but and of course
we got the all true true homies Joe
David Gina riot it's like a clown car
and you come in and check it out no
we're about - mark and I run for the
inside yeah I'll go for it - yeah just
kidding I don't want to hold on you know
all my friends they're all going to buy
a home braider yeah yeah they all need
homes all your bottles keep the man who
over here actually this is what are you
giving us we thank you Xena oh you're
gonna be the one to the house awesome
we're gonna be your remote and then
there's a key fob for the front over
there oh and these are your mailbox
thank you yeah I gotta get it with this
one no the mail bomb got to go I don't
know this one you know how yeah yeah
that one oh yeah it's a folding seat -
yes
yay cool thank you
yes Kamal Haasan sorry just my empty
like just dirt I already got it all done
yeah I know but we're gonna play like a
little outdoor shell area baby put it
real and I'll put the girl in that
corner put the world there you be fine
you know what super dope about this pad
we have a dripless a trip sprinkler
system so it never comes up and ruined
the paint so just go straight into the
ground and it's time so you never have
to touch oh that's fucking dope yeah so
my front yard the lawn the the
sprinklers gonna go off and I'll never
leave hard water stains on my car you
know so crazy stuff but that is so dope
but everybody knows when you have a dog
that's going to be destroyed I guess my
favorite shit is the Harry Potter room
everybody missed that shit but that's
the best you can rent that out there we
did that year in college that's going to
be the dark side we're all going to
cover this mochi now he's going to leave
it and then uh because mulch is cheap so
the moment is pick dog poops you know
wherever ha yeah go poopie here yeah you
should run another card and just drain
so you could just rinse it all go away
what's on the other side I look like a
little chill spot oh shit what did you
come here
yeah we were but I'm going to put like a
little outdoor patio set and then put
the grill and stuff sticker hang out I
bought we bought a little campfire scene
that goes right here so you could sit in
a circle a little bonfire I know that
this is room one my room again this is a
locker room yeah it's upstairs and the
insulation is really good so you never
hear it if you turn it on to this bright
in here that's does a lot of like a lot
of fun like this is another yeah there's
a lot of windows wait this is the pause
no yeah oh yeah then this is the master
bedroom and bar it has his own AC unit
oh this is a mainframe as you can see
your de leurs and fucking
have yourself Ilana moon them like your
third checking out in the morning with a
cup of coffee but could be standing like
hey neighbor
the found a right that I can drown in
this shit whatever the shower my gosh
this is the best you just have a water
spray on boy you did night right yeah
yeah alright so much moving here that's
what a thousand oh I love it I really
like that the bath about Windows - yeah
and when you stand up the whole world
sees your pic yeah
no cuts alright alright noise well you
can make him oh gee there's a pretty big
closet here it's like another run oh
another airing on didn't come here to
like oh this right here are you going to
do it on this is my side and you see be
our side I don't know what size it's
gonna be yet but we program outside this
outfit yeah I can wash it and then like
nobody will ya yes well uh dual climate
eight diesel upstairs and downstairs are
independent and we could turn it off and
turn it on your guests could be
comfortable and not freezing yeah
hammock community sauce with the pool or
anything they're not tools it's a really
small metallic look and ever
yeah moved in
this is crazy with all those roads which
is this thing move it's gonna be
beautiful
yeah here you go this is going to be
awesome for you guys I know you got to
perfect that oh you have you guys ever
heard of the desk before No
so basically convenient sometimes where
you guys at work yeah it gets too hot
you want to turn on the AC you can
actually control it from your phone
oh you're the bed I'm very cool so you
can Chinese people are computer you have
to so let's get your side call it you
that basic care package get Kevin up as
we need to buy a house for sure he will
take care of you like crazy
let me only now yelled in the oven
that's honcho vlog camera you know what
I'm gonna get one
already just I'll point on it this is
exactly what I'm talking about
well lol what we will eat this will go
excuse me can I get a number three and
then let me wash away and number two she
walks away but they said this too as
well and then she walk past your wife
yeah am i all wait I need to eat you I
really dropping sure I go can I get this
I don't eat being a nice food often it's
like hella long so I'm like I gotta I
gotta be like you know like a squirrel
they stuff their mouthful enough so they
can save it for later you want that in
your mouth I'm asleep in my mouth a
beautiful later fine name is Gina got
you old you ain't saying shit
oh my god we have people to give me of
all I agree why cause I still very
haven't gotten too long so I'll fix you
a small bowl I thought it's gonna be
like a little white horse you want to
school all is over to mobile to
determine super we've all going to yell
yes okay thank you
all right Papa 11:00 p.m. we just
wrapped just kidding news
how does it feel to be back in this
place it feels Oh amazing MA
it feels amazing and not amazing at the
same time so obviously it's amazing to
behold I'm fuckin exhausted when you
come home this is the ceiling oh ah
feels good but then my heart knows I'm
not in my real I got an amazing my real
home is this clear
no this is a hotel for us you why would
you do that
what made you fart out comfy but you
pushed it out mom if it's not this is
the funding cooperate oh I'm out Oh
actually midnight now and I think it's
time to go to tape actually have to
whisper everyone else is sleeping except
for the girls to community company but
partly but everyone's asleep so
