there yeah I'll try to zoom in close
yeah you saw they try to fit up the shot
and the colored part just like the same
yeah I have no idea you have no gift
idea that right now is left no one else
there on camera
not even a fun well the ACU go get that
trying to get the lightning on hold
we're cool then a national white balance
card yeah
oh cool what is it supposed to do uh so
basically like there's like a set value
for white right and just like that post
for white paper isn't actually white you
know camera white so they create this
thing called a white balance card where
you know if we're sure it's always going
to be the white value and it supposed to
be like well you use this to kind of
total camera that this is white so it
can figure out what's great what's blue
what's red you know Wow all right I like
the small Michael that was some good
shit and Mike laughing - way to go
Michael cool thank you very much you yes
you're getting me praise Earl and I so
happy like oh you so so just like all
the other challenges Joe just threw up
and look if joy trying to clean it up I
was perfect you see guys you guys have
to watch these videos they're so fucking
good they're all Oreo
there's no rigging that's happening it's
anyway what you see is what you get and
it's it always feels like generally it's
fucked over look at this poor guy he's a
paint you guys have to watch this videos
called what are the odds
stay tuned because it's going to go into
editing days and then it going to go
into the scheduling phase once it's done
with the scheduling phase then it goes
out to you guys to stay tuned for that
video so the outside of our office is a
baby posh on me oh look at this not out
here what are you doing really
are you thirsty another e there's water
quality thirsty you're just out there
like this I know that is saying weird
okay don't be out here if there's dog
you can keep shit you didn't maybe he's
sick I don't know okay I don't know pops
behavior don't eat a lot hope you're
okay wheezing like that
he looks good car like like you hurt or
something why would you be interested
I don't know it just looks I have a
fever a fever
oh you know his face does look sad my
buddy I can't make you all I cannot take
you home liar I already have two rats
three dogs I cannot afford to take you
home I have a baby on the way buddy I
can't a candy home I was already home
poor guy
pop your family let me live in great
position within CMS this music off and I
was at MSNBC on down
can you attach athlete huh so now you
can move yourself to make sure but them
look at the camera back
boom I'm a long life in Siberia with
water and he can swab on with it yeah
he's dead who put like sixty difficultly
with that though
alright you're talking about what skills
goes oh I got started for the NBA but I
gave up the NBA my comedy dream then
I'll show you my pocket about
I mean imagine Shaquille O'Neal right
behind me calling me right yes watch
what I saw you why that's not what
happened the first time doing work that
one that was really good o salafi
thought it right shots on you on hold
I'll hit submit go over and because I
dumped that skills that'll natural okay
how long do you think you think you make
it in that way yeah uh I wouldn't even
hit ring oh shit ah-ha I saw you looking
nothing oh honey cause I'm nothing one
NBA from self eyes closed alright NBA
question arises behind the back part you
leave enough resources
I offered them the often often often
keyboardist whatnot
those are wow we both miss at the same
time one put you out my nothin he what
he's very hospitable you you're better
at Bestival okay one tiny through that
hey melis that is not working
hey fun slzbot
okay what is it you as a touch salty see
who's working and as vicious better we
know they are not working you are
saltiest spot watch justice my job
analysis of oh I can't watch I get a
call that age you're gonna get an H of
it are you really gonna get an H dude
out of a job is tough that was amazing
he got it off the knees
you can't live you can't lose mark I
mean I think I got nothing on YouTube
but you know what's a funny to you by
mob is what you don't really play sports
like this but you're actually really
good all the time wait what I mean what
do you running Oh
ready please take a shot yourself before
you leave oh you're a hard worker and
he's a hardware we did not we didn't all
meet you
what is that what does that say about
you what but you're not I was coming
just started by the NB a when everyone
knows when hole kick thousand fourteen
in the middle of it summer I'm good at
even top of there yeah why do we so I
got a very very special package I've
been waiting for this for a long time
because I got eat shit on ramen what
about people I don't know what the hell
that so this is world famous ramen
remember back on the vlogs and we're in
Japan as soon as we landed every single
comment on my Instagram was each not
easy I also go to each not tell me what
the hell is it so we tried it out as oh
my god it was the best ramen in the
world and we ate it I agreed that we ate
it three days straight
it was crazy it was so good as if they
sprinkled Japanese cocaine in there and
when we came back no longer tastes the
same and I found out that they're gonna
have each down in New York and I'm like
why not LA so I'm so sad and then I
found out that you
Etan instant noodle and all my oh shit
by order of varsity's eternity and oh
yeah because these are imported you know
how much each one of these guys are uh
$10 it's 25 got the hell up it's $25
what is this ramen this is the price of
like real food but it's teaching out so
I had to it I decimated a kid did you
buy I don't know what if there's a
zombie apocalypse you don't know what's
gonna happen I enough to outlive a
fucking out survivor zombie apocalypse
just in case are all gonna deploy yeah I
spent over $100 on it serious I better
taste like $100 I don't know we'll see
I'm so excited
usually people test it first
ah here's a moment of truth let's see
the noodles I'm not expecting to be
crazy because it is instant noodles it's
not going to be handmade ramen like
handmade egg noodles but abrazo
it really is just good but it's not it
still isn't a cheat on you know what I
mean I don't know if you gotta get each
it on in a bag like that it's bad you
never want to find a girl I'm gonna eat
every single bag for sure oh man I can't
wait to try it
whoa look at that slurp let me get more
soup you know I need to add next time
I'm gonna hook it up like i'ma buy pork
bellies seaweed bean sprouts I'm gonna
do all that and go all out and but a
bean lot of bang bang you know me I'm
all you need let's see your turn here we
go but they put the pretty pretty good
over there that's fine but I know what
you mean it's AMA it was mind-blowing
yeah oh you think it's the red sponsors
you add some more that chili pepper a
cow now okay good I'm too sensitive to
tillage maybe for you maybe for you but
for me it's not it's just a noodle
quality tastes like that preserve yeah
it has that deserted a
okay here we go
how is that good a teleport you did your
pack ah but I started fucking good when
it comes to this style well I think I
still prefer my Korean one the middle
yeah the code wanna show it it still has
a very instant noodle flavor true but
you guys should definitely try it on
your home yeah better than not having at
all
thanks for making it thank you I know
you're right so welcome all right now
it's time for bed which means brig e3
for her medication look you know what
time it is do you
all right keep your meds
homegirl okay kit fit
oh come on you always catch it okay at
the monitor you could sometimes you go
up the tilt machine music good girl good
girl okay go and that's what happens
every morning and every single night my
little baby she suffers from seizures so
in order to prevent those from come in
and happening I give her the medication
all right so I'll have some time before
it's my bedtime so I'm looking at
furniture but I want to show you guys on
just a little bit of something some that
we got in terms of decoration for the
new place so here is a little a little
sneak peek so near plant some
accessories autumn and chair carpet like
the TV stand a pouf catch table and a
little side table and then this is like
living room furniture and then this is
like bedroom furniture some potential
rugs that I like a little bench mirror
oh wait what happened here
welcome to ahead of best friend
come on turbine mo tripping oh I like
the phone might scan here I thought that
was cute right there
Hey well happy to the best frame well
slowly but surely everything coming
together it's been a lot of fun because
I get to be creative with my own space
and make it feel however I want to feel
so I'm still a little bit Zen and
relaxed with my cast this is the foam
part the decorating part so cool
shit all right so that means it's good
night
