what up guys today is another photo
shoot time for a new launch for barn
applicator for January 2018 so I'm
laying out the clothes that I have right
now one little secret is these guys are
kind of wrinkled and kind of linty
because they're not brand new already
wore them ready but if the team does a
good job editing the photos it's gonna
look oh that's true the team does a
really good job yeah look new so you
don't always have to waste brand-new
close-up photos and I'm also I'm a hot
guy so sometimes I'm not just by not do
I mean temperature get up
that's nice Thanks so yeah sometimes my
body is there wrinkles up which is
pretty funny and because after we're out
of where I just grabbed a random black
shirt that's undershirt there's some
times that out of work if it's too new
it leaves the fuzzies on it still so we
got this zip hoodie still I got this
hoodie this is the one that goes with
dude he helped me you just free the city
in that watch you open sleeves I could
show them what honey this is this one
this is the one that goes you can wet
you could read it this way or yeah it's
the 69 hoodie yeah dude that's messed up
why'd you do that
his racism work so I brought a jacket
just in case I need to match it with
something
I brought the other crew neck now the
dominate humbly I brought pants that I
bought and then I have a couple more
pants that I bought that just came in
today and then I'll try them on they
look kind of like does this look too
dressy Evan Oh freaking right
no way you should have told me how to
brought pillows I brought these guys
hell yeah
why and that brought these guys my god
bees and these were the held in Warren
yet but I thought it would go good with
the top I thought those would go with
the dominie huh hey whoa whoa whoa I
have these sick worn shoes from last
night you bought it
what are you doing that exhaust you
shoes how about the sauce I have a lot
of fun today you noticed see look check
it out look at this don't you think this
would go good with those shoes and what
are you doing look looks clean dude
you're freaking don't know anything what
do you think these mounts are too dressy
like your house like a sheen on it
almost like it's flat okay thank you
all right time for a photo shoot do I
come we're not even working dude after n
of these photos today six months more so
these guys are pretty branding and I
have a makeup yeah I don't know if you
guys do it or do you guys do it actually
- do you guys lace the shoelaces and the
very specific like over under way make
sure there's no wrinkles all you have -
it's mine oh yeah Nadeem you have to
always
you know it's funny he has no look see
these they're all facing the same
direction and they all go under the same
exactly what's your Excuse yeah of
course he's weird for these shoots
shoots shots shots shoots for these
pictures we went with a um a more funny
approach and it's literally where I wore
the hoodie with no pants both some fresh
kicks trying to start some new trends
cuz pants are overrated can I show them
some other pictures
do who you texting freaking are you
flirting with people on camera
Wow dad's pretty sexy
that's that don't waste our
that's a nice camera you still suck
that's time
so this is the new campaign we're gonna
take a series of funny ones so then a
series of serious ones and we'll see how
it does how it does how it deuce yeah
how that does or how did how it do is it
it's how do you use we use because then
it'll be up like right now will like him
and so you came from the blog there's
what I plug here history I'm on your
blog channel it's Park ybar T go okay
that var time with you made these her
leech off my thing that's more serious
I'm wearing that cream forgot what
actual color it is but the cream sarah
flip teeth the line looks really good my
swimmers in there I wonder why the angel
and then I wore it with my pants and my
shoes pow-pow
no still probably move a little bit from
here though
what is that freaking cocaine coffee
shot from J Street Cole King well where
we just when I'm sure yeah I mean we
just shot three shots here so if I move
down a bit now we're shooting this black
shirt this is the rebirth script this
series the black one the white one and
also the green one is my favorite of the
entire launch making a super dope I like
how there's two colorways or like
multiple colors on the screen print and
it still has a badass called with a
little bit of cursus or like this
balance to it it's like half classy and
stylish and a half hardcore but when we
shoot the serious ones where it's like
it's not as fun as me being butt-naked
but we got to do what's better best for
the brand
dude you're always you're always on your
phone never working anymore I know this
is working that's not working
YouTube's not a job
are you to work take butter almost
stepped in a puddle
city spoke to it's the rebirth script as
well in a different colorway this
outerwear we made a little bit more
muted so it's not a crazy yellow popping
out it's more of a gray so it goes with
a bunch of stuff such strings even know
oh you didn't see the path Wow
now our shooting this domini humbly
t-shirt the white on Heather blue got
these shoes on I've got my jeans and
they're also gonna shoot this crewneck
see the colors oh and also the rebirth
script white tee and then later trying
to strategize what's gonna look good
together we got this dominant humbly
Heather Chi with these dark jeans and
then the pop out the shoes and then uh
wear these guys with these guys this is
a rebirth other scripty dude you're
taking secret pictures what is this
blue black outline what's it like Amazon
fire and I call the definition and all
the highlights
wow you're using the Sony to take a
video of a Canon can't even focus on
mine yeah a lot of us have beautiful
eyelashes no they're ugly if you guys
don't have a steamer I highly recommend
it because sometimes when you iron like
a shirt something that's soft as your
ironing it puts like a random crease in
it but a steamer just straightens it the
way it needs to be which is dope this
one's crazy it's like the whole stand
but they have ones was just a handle and
it works just as good have one at home
do you like it so now I'm putting on
this shirt along with feed pants just
one of my favorite pants
so stretchy and believe these shoes
about and then leashes and inertia and
then a hoodie and then we're gonna take
some everything that we took some funny
pictures with we're just gonna retake
some regular ones just in case I don't
know we don't get the reaction or or the
yeah it's the case we don't get the
reaction we want because we still
ultimately it's a clothing brand even
though one have fun we still have to
market it correctly just finished
shooting all the photos from the January
launch and then afterwards we had two
meetings for barbell we had a creative
direction meeting and now we had an
executive meeting when we kind of like
to see where everything is that I'm a
very very macro point of view like like
a CEO bosses the old type of point of
view and then now I'm driving off to the
gym to go workout and later I have to go
to chase and sign some documents for a
long night of pulling out from Barlow
brigade and this is pretty interesting
because I think at like different levels
of business you do different things you
know and for normal people you usually
get a loan when you want to get
something you can't personally fully
afford like a house or a car but I'm in
business what we found out a lot of
people like to get working capital so
for example because things take a long
time their business so when you want to
order shirts and you have the money to
order like let's say a hundred thousand
shirts but it's gonna take three months
to make you don't want your money just
sitting there waiting for three months
and then not being able to do anything
else with this so what a lot of
companies do they have loans so they
have this working capital where they
have the capital that they need for the
business to run the business I pay their
employees staff food or whatever all
that stuff but they also have this
revolving capital where things that they
need to buy and sell that can't that
aren't gonna have an immediate return
they'll be able to use that so barbells
going into a size are we starting to
need
some working capital so I already signed
the first initial documents that Chase
would yield and then now I'm gonna go
back and sign that this stuff's pretty
crazy like just kind of growing with the
business you start to learn about things
more and more and you never would learn
about these things in school which is
really interesting and what's even
what's also really cool is the working
capital that we're signing for it's
actually not that much like I have
enough to cover it but kind of what most
successful people do they have a lot of
their assets diversified so that way
things don't really affect each other
like you don't want to have in the same
account
titusz college fund for example that
you're gonna be using to buy shirts
which is gonna make more money but you
want to have everything separated so I
have titles little college fund
I have our little emergency cushion for
for our Barre Family Fund in case like
let's say YouTube explodes bottle of
organics clothes JK explodes we're still
gonna be good for at least six months
while I go find a normal job or whatever
like I have that and then we have the
working capital and then we just we just
have all these little accounts of money
so they can all do certain things
without getting it all mixed together
this is all it really grown people stuff
and I'm just happy I'm able to share
this with you because since my parents
were normal I guess like employee labor
type people they were never able to
share these things with me and this new
generation all you guys who are watching
YouTube are probably going to go grow up
to pursue your own passion and do like a
lot of cool exciting wonderful stuff
that this pre knowledge that you're
getting from me that I can share with
you guys will probably benefit you guys
a lot in the future so I'm just glad
that I'm able to share what I've learned
along my journey with you guys so that
you guys could probably surpass me and
do some really dope ship one day like
what I'm waiting for is not one day when
one of you guys launched the next Apple
and you guys are fucking huge and then
you guys are like you know what I used
to watch Bart Kwan and he's a pretty
alright dude
I'd be like oh
that's so cool we're company bags I have
today have my work backpack of my
freaking bag of clothes and then I have
my gym bag got so much stuff in my car
oh oh man my cars messy is the message
that's been in a long time just got to
the gym I probably won't record too much
of the gent a just because I have a
little rush
I'd even take my rolling up but really
finished my entire workout you fly off
the head to chase I'm gonna just try to
squeeze it in real quick like the
workouts going pretty good
pretty good I gained about seven pounds
over the holidays
the last pilot being mean idea was
coming out very soon
and I competed on 183 and over the
holidays
oh please not too much and I'm really
just trying to build up
with all my daddy duties
a lot of progress
I mean the first time on YouTube
building up mine
at Chase now about to sign the loan
papers you know what's funny
I don't even bank at Chase I just have
connections here so I'm getting the loan
here one thing I do like about Chase
they got this thing called chase private
client but you got to be a baller and I
think if you look up online you gotta
have at least 250 large sitting in your
bank account but then you qualify for
the special service where when you go in
you don't ever have to wait a line up to
tell her you go in and you have a dezik
crazy flim mm-hmm you have a designated
banker and he goes straight to his desk
and they'll take care of everything for
you and then when you're internationally
pulling out money or at the ATM or if
you finally think there's no
international conversion rate fees or
anything like that and there's a bunch
of other rebates and specialty services
and investment options if you have it so
these are other things that my parents
also wouldn't know about but it's cool
to like pass these on to you guys so as
you guys are working their way up
building their business and stuff like
that you already know what to aim for
and unlike me we're already set up my
entire account of my life with another
bank only to find out that Chase is
actually much better for what I have
going on
it's a hassle to switch banks all the
time especially after everything like
you know all these systems said in
direct deposits and all and stuff like
that so we might end up switching to
chase later on but I just want to pass
these little little hidden things that
you may not know about it - you guys
just got home how was your day
Yuri Keaney how's your David Beth was it
good you have a good day with mommy
did you watch lots of TV no did you
sleep a lot yeah you slept a lot mister
yeah little crazy guy oh god I get one
of my meal crepes see what I got here
yes this is my favorite meal so far is
Vietnamese chicken salad thing but I do
see that my fair and grandma got some
luxurious food what is this
would you guys order from babe oh mama
Luke dumplings
well it's bomb Sam having a good all the
time
I might have to eat this and a little
bit of this
