oh man okay Thomas huge fan of Mexican
food and I know it's super early but I'm
celebrating over here excitement please
the line meets Washington I don't even
know I've never been here I don't but
undefined and once a minute if you can't
like put on the fit you probably can't
see it but it's and there's a lot of
previous life for me if you want walk as
you see in the morning I don't know what
I think I'm craving it I'm like yeah I
guess I can't I never do and then I move
further down and then they have lemon
ricotta hotcakes we're down here I can't
reach it Gloria's but well then they're
not a hot cake like lemon ricotta I like
hot cakes
what am i a fucking ah no I need
something malign me when I hear if I
want school I'm asking ceviche style and
then my large thread will burn until
then I took me back to my mama's house
come like routine was I want to keep
close being call maker is like a runner
up and then that's like even my mom also
makes let me see what's going on yeah so
I don't know there's so many times you
know humming loudly
I don't know what to get I don't know
everything's in order
right now I'm normal foot in my fucking
mouth and put this bubble oh yeah the
time flew by wash back and then I want
blackulas and then I want we were in
Chelsea once again I haven't even looked
at the menu yet like sat down and I saw
a mother looking at the menu and she was
already slipping away in it so I had to
ask her what she wanted to get let me
look at this mint lemon ricotta pancake
those look pretty good full french toast
you know I'm a special person I know 24
horse coast there's also a half mile of
coreboot actual so today is my cheat
meal I've been smashing it all week what
do I want for my cheat milk we got to
make it count
I could only eat something like there's
like once every two weeks once every
three weeks I think I'm gonna have to go
with something sweet I love sweet stuff
have a sweet tooth so I'm stuck it seems
the French Oh
or the lemon ricotta hot lemon ricotta
hot cake it comes with Pasadena farmers
market fruit and cream for yash is how
you pronounce the mother
Rihanna they are race right right right
right
and then right what is it
what the price concert appearance
there's no principle I thought where
something oh my god is what I did it
good / England coast and then I read it
twice as different I roll the Pentagon
closed um so I thought about this French
both but it's just lunch
omelette you know so I thought there
it's done I'm like it's a lemon ricotta
pancake I probably with some eggs and I
want to go too crazy and get bacon and
I'll probably get maybe a lot of
potatoes did you make up what you wanted
yeah I'm going with your penis
ridiculous daddy tell agree in the
description and very on Mexico and I
mean very oh oh oh yes I mean I'm just
going to go on a limb here and I've been
tonight
Christie on post you can't go wrong with
Simpson teaches some I get that whew I
just want something all I knew
I
- you look you learn it without my books
cause they give a mess in the shoes but
it looks like next level though like a
culinary cuisine yeah you don't you
thank you what's wrong with this so we
make their houses my time
the guzzle
that's a book my summer
it does look weird oh yeah I'm not
judging it by a summer I didn't want to
feel like because the way they were main
it looks pretty good it just doesn't
look like you like it sitting my
calculator soju Achilles it's usually
like impaired of chrisquared knowledge
of Egypt then they have the sauce over
it they put a sometimes beans over it
and it kind of drills move on to the
chips and it kind of makes it happy off
a little bit but this one she's very
proxy of like a wet burrito type of
flavor that looks very organized and
looks way different but still it doesn't
look like the traditional see like you
ate the pancake color for art delicious
very lemony
and just scream oh my this cream is so
you don't want to try it then
yeah you want a blueberry or strawberry
let's our freedom it's a crazy like you
look like you just ate silence no fan I
was expecting knowing you expect livers
once you had it I'm expecting the flavor
of the mix but it's lemon pancake is
going to be sour
hold on I'm having crises of flavor a
little berry and then I'm expecting to
play little serve over all caught on and
then I see the one with three I put that
in my mouth and it's fuckin sour cream
is the cream creamy aka solid green
they're feeling I like it I think just
like everything from I'm putting you in
a for you how does this touch film okay
I'm getting on the dog hair come that's
a little better time until then attack
me off how does this couch feel does
feel really good yeah it was really good
I like this part is the fiddling
oh yeah feet don't stick off yeah I felt
good
how do you like this one compared to the
other one so the other one is referring
to this one from the walked in we both
like how deep it is
so I don't like the touch that's very
upright yeah I don't like it
a present it's like uncomfortable
because you're like this the whole time
yeah so in our new living room I wanted
to feel like you're whole now milk yeah
that's something I want but this country
like this I don't like it very uptight
yeah so when we saw this one look at how
Jesus is my feet hang on sir and I'm
caught on plankton look there's a little
feet
this couch makes you look freaking small
that's dope
which one's softer this one looks softer
though it is on your seat stick on this
one Oh what so if you go all the way in
it doesn't come up yeah you could sleep
on this one all Mike in the discount
which was more comfortable I think this
is more comfortable oh thanks to these
memo memo it does on I think it's this
one those shades we like how was it
oh this color they want the costume this
color but that call it very nice look
something more elegant yeah call me as
soon as you sat in this one it just
looked like you were absorbed in I feel
like this is one of those couches to all
the future husbands and husbands out
there this is one of those couches where
like if your wife's like you're waving
on a couch tonight Villa oh no not the
couch in the living room okay
Grum sleeping on that one sitting on the
bed sleeping on the bed tonight so are
we gonna settle on this one Hey look at
me yeah it looks really really
comfortable oh okay I guess we're not
leaving the store anymore I think we
found our couch okay what's the next
step coffee table Navan it to make sure
it's nothing okay button that's uh let's
put your thing I don't want it I don't
want another one Wow
what happened to dr. Bergman dude you
messed up the whole thing look at that
doing it is dude I saw my mother playing
with this and this is made for
activities so it's already big enough I
like coffee tables because I like to do
everything on it like you homework and
work or do whatever wants to be but if
your friends come over
bam bam bam that feeling you know this
the only problem is it's dark it's dark
dark like your soul
Oh men come from it is it really a
problem that it's done yeah I'm not a
big kind of dark furniture but those
we've had black furniture and it's a
bitch it's the couch with life
so make it pop no I don't want dark I
want very light what's right and you
want like natural like that wood yeah
yeah I want that wood color because I
want our house to feel as close to the
beachy house - the beach and decor as
possible I want you to walk in and feel
like Oh Harry oh but this you walk in
you're like oh that looks very nice my
mom I own it I don't like deep hello
Rogers I go okay I don't know you're
looking at the function and the
functions are great I'm looking at the
color don't ever get married
Jimmie's go dance Sesame this is
Jamiroquai for usually young in there
you go hey that's the van Damme that was
the van Damme yeah yo so just get our
lives back I would love to have this in
our house mother we probably can't have
to put a house amount of faith but in
our train dream home there's
like a music listening role you freak a
cracker
once imagine we had two chairs like
they're done when I thought it would
mean crazy
oh I like masks will you just get you
exist to music by my side on the whole
hand I'm still like that's it I don't
believe in false get really good calm
person in the whole Hospital because the
whole house doesn't have way great
acoustics if you're really an audio file
you need to either have kick-ass
headphones that are like five hundred or
thousand bucks or you have a actual
music room it's an audio file because
you want to pretend like you're dr. Dre
and just listening to all kinds of
noises alright
let's move on okay you're gonna kill my
dream know one day I'm up for something
like this I'm hammering but what do P D
any concert ability like look Lauren I
can't because I'm like oh when I'm at
school look for coffee table Oh what
about this rug is what nice you like
this one is that out that's not beach
bum all right fine crown is very pretty
I three very what about that clutch
cable the only thing that I don't like
that it goes up that's the still
proofing for the kids so there's a run
over see you put if you pour a water oh
just go like this and you can just wipe
it up temple your elbows here there you
cares a lot
oh yeah and it's too fiddly cooking oh
are tiny people KK my desk mmm post a
different one never mind all right so
what do you think about this stuff
Bradley you don't like it at all cuz it
looks too long this era was that Hall
effect revenues misread modern
mid-century mid-century okay yeah I
looked into it
true so we're looking for a style that I
think our own style awesome but it's
natural light airy and we wanted to feel
really uh just that's the feeling we're
going for and that one's too mid-century
which is kind of like 70s we're still
got to lock down a bed though six piece
still how to lock down a bed bed bed bed
bed locked our bed coffee table what
about all just a nice setup how do you
like this setup this looks pretty nice
you see it I like the green in the
oranges
this whole like 60 70 s movement is
really coming back I know my office is
mid-century because I got the eye of the
motherfucker project I'm like that it's
on my couch my blue couch we saw my
white dresser Wow for my you are there
Oh what about the fish house the third
bigger mean taller I'll just bet you
like this one Oh storage can you forget
scary one freakin storage baby I know
but you saw me the storage I love
storage space oh oh yeah do I could put
so much stuff in here I know more she
you're going to keep on organized no
this keeps it organized yeah well people
were mad at me because he thought I was
making fun of you and they were like geo
needs to robot you know that tiles like
who's more organized we had that
competition yeah here so they thought we
were serious oh we weren't a k2 hit
how about this guy thing was down to be
locked it down bam bam it's nice wood
finished
that's the matching payroll and
everything out there with the best is
natural light furniture shopping with
you so you just like they have that's it
that's it
we're trying to just look at everything
first you want a decision right now
I just shop like a guys there's
something well girls want to walk on the
entire store 20 times I think for guys
we just see something we like bones
that's it okay congratulations
you cannot with desire with the crowed
you have to find a middle I love you so
much okay fine really worry I will get
that dog to attack you know can we just
take this whole thing because this is
literally like perfect for me maybe I
would add a few more colors like maybe a
blue maybe some yellow to make it pop a
little bit but this is essentially like
you see the tables you can still have
your huge activity table here to sprawl
out yeah it doesn't have those things
you can pull out but the color is
lighter and it's like yeah I love it
Anna for this kind of scenario this is
our floor or new floor I'm taking
pictures of all men like this room so
chill our couch oh oh you know what I
love these things all these hath lumbar
so it's not it's not just the couch it's
the have lumbar support all this real
quick okay fine
that was crazy
oh wow it's like was a good reason
pillow of like 700 change cultures no I
don't know the other one is firmer this
one faster I know but it's not as deep
that's for to loosen yeah the will
absorbs you yeah look at it let my feet
are on the floor yeah like that I want
this yeah I know what you mean but it
very soft and it's colored really nice
but this whole area this feel is what
we're going for that beachy beachy feel
like this part it just feels like you
know when we go air B&B in Hawaii and
like you have a beach home this is what
it feels like you can just leave the
windows open and the wind is just
blowing in like all of this products are
just white and light brown it probably
needs a little bit of color like Jill
saying like if we had like a little
light blue pillow light yellow pillow or
something I don't know feels good at
designing those things but this is like
how much percentage is right here
I'm like 90% Oh should we just take a
picture this I'm kind of down sound like
that
yeah I like ask you to yeah good job
good teamwork
I know we're doing it we just came to
this bodice what I like it too
does the same as I saw yesterday to that
like oh yeah I like it too
the butters wet I don't mean it
they were nice I'm missing on that mess
chair real quick because it looks like
you wouldn't be comfortable but I do
like I like meeting now I like I like to
mesh because it gives us very Airy
outdoor field by indoors you know what I
mean
I'm going to sit on it and I'm going to
see if how it feels
it's heart the back is hard but if I had
like a pillow it's not bad but I like
the look oh man this is tough this is
when they're like yeah I like it how it
looks but I don't know if I like how it
feel you want to sit in it yeah but you
know what's good about this about this
rock-hard thing it's good because uh the
guests won't stay that long what's
fitted it you're not going to want to
stay overnight no but then we can get
this couch watched on it okay
oh I mean you almost like had a whiplash
I see what you mean yeah this does my
spasm I don't know if we want at least
one piece that matches wait you like a
lot about this couch is the wood that it
has oh yeah because it also brings it
together it ties it all together maybe
we can see if this comes in a sectional
well it's not the sectional part it's
the set Oh are we my veins too picky oh
you know what else we can do to solve
this wood issue is if we have so if we
have the couch from over there but
behind the couch we get um like you know
how they have like that little uh still
have a little behind the couch thing if
that's what and it matches that they
don't tie it all together then I'm
speaking with some other intelligences
it's so rectangular that people might
not look good to big-ass rectangles oh
that's why it's usually this and a big
one or a fat-ass couch and a skinny one
then matters truth is to blocky looking
down what's more important though guitar
just fucking stop that we've done in the
time yeah
you can't that's what makes the couch oh
it doesn't make the catch because I like
this setup is it weird to have a fucking
couch I have an idea what move the couch
over here
the table over there you know how does
that big dark coffee table over there
that you know like what if we move that
over there look what look a little bit
if you're down to move it okay oh yeah
this is heavy so we were trying to move
this over there to see if something this
blocking fits with something is that
blocking but I forgot that the reason
why we came here is so that we can get
real fun interactive I think the reason
why people can hike here is no good as
everything's without a particle board
and since the credential were flying for
our home home some wanted to be solid so
we came here we want it to last a long
while I need it to last a long time and
I forgot when you buy real furniture not
IKEA furniture it's real wood it's solid
wood I'm definitely not going to be
building any of this shit and I want to
hire people to move it some break my
back I live for videos okay so we can
take a real life oh I think it works so
that so everybody together let's picture
this and let's move it over here does it
work
keep in mind that that should be that
really light wood that we just saw and
then that couch should be can you show
me the swatch color it's going to be
this color that color that it'll go here
I think it word
you look so little you still wanting to
cut off the couch a de facto you sit on
it if it's that like like it's almost
like ah hey welcome to my house get
comfortable but don't feel comfortable
come and kick you on an hour yeah but I
don't care about that I want myself this
is what it's like if people come to our
house they're not going to fuck out
they're going to stay there for a month
yeah I like that Oh videos online
business about it and I don't care if it
fits or not did it - can you help yeah
and I guess we'll make it work
let me get over this yeah they get the
color power yeah let's take it so we
finally finalized our finale bed
fromming I'm going to go with this one
we're thinking about the other one but
it's kind of dark and we just want to
keep the whole house like very
light-hearted and this one it has this
nice mare that madre bike and we just
kind of want to keep everything steamed
out as a nice dresser it just feels that
it feels like a very light you know and
it is for the coincidence because we
were originally at another vlog we're
talking about painting we wanted to
paint the wall of our master bedroom
discolor and this duvet is now on this
bed so it kind of keeps it that theme in
the same feel so I think I'm going to
narrow it down I don't think this is one
of the choices were like yeah like our
couches I think of our colleges were
really close about but we kind of just
want to keep everything in the same
place keep it simple so we're like okay
let's not go here and there would get
everything we cannot create them both
and I think we have all of our
essentials lock down everything else
would just kind of be like a little work
in progress should we order through them
here
and Afra 50 now tell me a little more a
lot of love should we do this now or you
want to do online online hold up online
you can get a discount somebody wants to
do I can email the other guy
