hi guys hey so since the last video we
talked about all our first experiences
you guys absolutely loved we decided to
make a second video where today we're
going to talk about all of our favorite
things you think you know me I know you
like the back of my balls uh you know
your ball more than I know your though
actually I'm not familiar with the back
of my balls I've never been down there
yeah talk about the same you know what I
was a kid I fucked up really bad and I
didn't order white masks and I used to
bite my ass it to my balls
yeah it was I think it uh my father
didn't scratch my balls that's not my
dad and this is not like shit I'm like
what the fuck it is so from that point
on I stopped doing it so ever since I
was 22 I haven't done that oh my god
every time we filmed these videos I
learned so many new things about you and
it's kind of disturbing cuz I didn't
know this I didn't know this about you
before I have been with you for eight
years and I've known you for like eleven
that's why it's awesome that we learn
about each other together do these
videos okay so without further ado
you've nasty shit balls
ready yeah okay all right so I wrote
these and I just wanted to show my
little artwork that took me about women
in the new candy corn yes I use the
Crayola markers and I just tilted it to
assign them like hell yeah new marker
you got skilled thank I can do that
you're being very nice because this is
really nice okay first question
ready yep what your spouse's favorite
color so I have to guess of you of
course
okay ma bears favorite color is she
doesn't have one because it depends on
the situation and circumstances
that's how confusing she is and it
drives me crazy that I always have to
split it up that's pretty good
what do you what was it before pig yup
damn damn good put them to my pretty
good I don't know it depends how many of
these to get right service ah for you
you actually don't have a favorite color
either you do have a specific shade of
colors that you like
you're very into pastel colors so you
like a light or pastel theme you like
what in the room
I'm not into pastel colors are like
light color if you don't like dark
colors like you like my nail polish
color why the fuck is my truck
99.9% black you like the color black
my truck is 90 black yeah but last tires
black interior any tremolo
I know Michael my car is blue doesn't
mean that's my favorite but you didn't
purposely make it look I bought a black
truck and I added more black shit to it
I know because it looks aggressive as
fog that's right no so that's your
favorite color nice
that's all we're talking what about is
that I don't like to have a fight I was
just saying that I don't only like
pastel client but you prefer lighter
colors am i right am i right you are
right that's all I'm trying to say that
you like the lighter tones as I said
light blue and my writer ons I get a
planning on you get didn't get a point
damn reluctantly blah wait until you en
some love desert oh yeah let's be kind
to it okay question number two what your
spouse's favorite junk food you don't
know okay ah your favorite junk food is
it actually does depend on whether
you're dieting or not okay but if you're
not dieting you will go ham you'll go in
on some ice cream
but if you are dieting you'll go in off
some yogurt frozen yogurt that okay
strong I do like ice cream a lot is your
favorite oh you don't really have I
thought oh yeah because it's like the
only I mean if it's talking about
dessert then it's root beer float right
what kind of junk food junk food it's
like flamin hot cheetos by the hot
Funyuns cereal sales through sense you
you go for an attack every single time I
go to market is always I can like I've
never lived with you where our freezer
did not have a pint of ice cream
- okay what's mine yours is dumpy
they're coming there you love w bears
oh man look all candy we weren't in
Europe every single city you have to get
gummy bears of that city or that country
okay fine oh that's very good but I
actually don't have a favorite I think
my favorite junk food is literally just
candy I know okay you are you have what
not like look I'm sorry I think I
dragged something in I got stuck on the
UM yeah oh okay you want to read it just
my nasty-ass curses what your spouse's
favorite candy already answered that
damn it Johnny bird it's a good but it
kind of goes into phases because like I
ate so many gummy bears I'm overcoming
bird what's your definition of a candy
food oh um woody me so now it's your
turn to guess mine okay what's your
definition of candy and some people
consider chocolate candy I will consider
that can go ahead
chocolate is less handy is candy and
chocolate in its own category chocolate
what I think candy I think weird colors
that don't exist in nature like a jolly
rancher right oh it's it's natural
chocolate it's art you know cocoa powder
is okay so if I had to guess what your
favorite candy was or is I'm sorry is
then I'm gonna have to get chocolate
just for no reason no but I could
chocolate it's not candy oh right now
honey aqua is the shot it okay I got to
do it's like sucking on your favorite
candy you're not a big candy person
exactly ah but if I had to guess your
favorite candy it's definitely not red
wine because I love red vines and he
hates them he won't eat them Oh dr.
Facebook come along he likes what kind
of your favorite candy um
that's one thing where you doesn't be I
already know you know it uh sour gummy
worms I don't know well dar Adal
business oh all those other sour punch
things with a little cord yeah yeah when
I see people eat candy I never asked for
candy come on a big candy person yeah
you're not but if I see someone eating
one of those sour belting I will ask for
one oh shit I learned something you I
knew what sitting sour you're like a
sour candy kind of person yeah I'm not
that much into candy I don't feel that
bad I'm not that far off
okay next question sour gummy worms
really close okay
only the blue and red one okay oh yeah
the other ones like the yellow and
Beyond I don't know if I had the only
one okay
what your spouse's favorite ice cream Oh
yours is alemana depends what company
we're talking about so if we're talking
about like thrifty ice cream you like
the chocolate malted crotch or something
like that so I have a smile a lot I
think you're like what the hell is in
there
how's the voltage crunch ah no no that's
like it depends on the thing
ah you're also kind of a fan of shit
that's my favorite you like all all
hands down no you're right you're very
very right and that's why they pay the
big book chocolate malted coach at write
it or just eat spam any other place
mention oh yeah what about my little
sucka
oh here's the party sure it's like you
you change your mind all demure I know
I'm so spontaneous so eventually just I
just might have a grounded person
what so what do you like I would have to
say mint chip because when we first got
together well I thought we really
connected on that set I love mention you
love mint chip and then from that point
on I've never seen you eat a chip never
played ice cream when do I ever my eyes
the problem so you mean like ice cream
and you lied to me I didn't say I don't
like ice cream so this is what happened
so I grew up I was the only one in my
household eating this mitten shit right
everyone else like vanilla chocolate
they like cookies and cream yeah okay
they like all that stuff I was always
like yo mom get me that meeting shit
type shit okay so I wasn't going to eat
in that I grew up eating that and for
some reason somewhere when I was getting
older my taste buds change I couldn't
stomach ice cream anymore so I would eat
it and then like like literally five
minutes into it I'd take shit cuz I had
like mad diarrhea from eating ice cream
so I'm like honest I enjoyed I've seen
but I don't enjoy the shit afterwards so
I'm the refrain from ice cream but then
I got introduced to cold stones and you
know that he chops it bar chopped coffee
flavored ice cream I think it's called
coffee love realities I think that's
what it's called
uh that's when the game changed and that
became my favorite ice cream filter fun
so you see we still got that connection
do we still got a connection yes okay
all right I'm gonna read the next one
the Whitlam oh okay right yep
once your spouse's favorite movie snack
I would know yours oh shit your favorite
movie snack is redline yep I always do
get red wine all the time it will never
fail red vines
red vines are my jam you like them so
much they're just so good like they
don't even taste like any particular
fruit or anything if it registers you
guys would be like
we just want to munch on a candle yeah
it'd take a forgery candle I don't even
know why it's gone so good he's like a
foot straight up like a candle oh I
guess a lot of people are fucking crazy
because they're still around and they've
been around for like ages so you must be
the one that trippin
hiding it in caramel
but for you it's going to have to be a
Slurpee or slushie of some sort like you
always have to get that no matter what I
think that's the old like you love going
to arclights for those of you guys that
don't know what our plan is movie
theater where it's like a little bit
more expensive but they serve alcohol
the seating is really cool they don't
show like all the commercials in the
beginning of the movie and then it's
reserved seating but they're dot down
while loops for this guys if they don't
have Slurpee I know I don't know why I
don't know why that's the only thing I'm
missing ours like our Clyde for those
guys that don't know so you know like
Edwards MC and I would consider those
four like so the regular moviegoers I
like people that like to pop your name
Rishel no I'm saying but the ArcLight
crowd yeah but people that come out of
it they're like more film people I think
those movie theaters and there's like
film theater that's hard to like
arthritis oh okay I got it now it's a
question what your spouse's favorite TV
show yours my favorite TV show of all
time what's your favorite TV show of all
day of all time
yeah you believe a hot TV of all time if
I had to guess it would have to be
something like are we talking about like
TV TV or we talk about like cable TV am
i talking about it exactly anything just
of all time
so think Netflix original of all the
dots is Saved by the Bell
excuse me ah for you I was kind of torn
between two one is like the Chappelle
show and then the second one would be in
from Game of Thrones is definitely one
of them
I love Game Atalissa it was I close am I
wrong you're right both of it I think it
is my favorite people did you even
notice what I didn't notice you didn't
know
your favorite TV show of all time
is Fredd is it yes I knew it it's not my
favorite of all time but it's one of
those that I can watch over and over and
over again and I guess it became my
favorite of all time because I used to
watch sex in the studio a lot oh yeah
um and then needs to watch like Saved by
the Bell I love Lucy's like my hands now
forever who will be my favorite shows
I've seen every single episode also was
Saved by the Bell
and then what's another one I've seen a
lot then I guess friends one of my
favorite um back in the day was the
Jamie Foxx show if you've seen all the
episodes I think so I'm a big fan is
yeah he's awesome
damn we're killers gay okay what your
spouse's favorite vehicle you go first
ah fuck it has to be a 67 Chevelle oh
it's just because you heard you say it's
so bad when I always talk about the 67
Chevelle that got away look I can't
believe I remembered that cuz I have
really should remember you just much
come on guys you got a body got quite a
nice I pay attention and I'm very proud
of it
you know so nervous a judgement favorite
car of all time
when I got the Porsche I was like that's
a lot of money can I spend it on the
Chevelle that is my dream car so might
as well get my dream car and I started
going online and I started looking at
those classic car dealers and a Chevelle
hooked up the way I want it is the price
of a Ferrari oh it's like yeah it's like
250 thousand three hundred thousand
dollars and I'm like I'm gonna have to
wait on this yeah you need to work a
little bit harder because I'm trying to
get one that's completely restored with
modern amenities and all that stuff so
AC power windows power CCS beak-like
600 horsepower racing seats TV like the
ocean a shell of
he said yes I just I like the way it
looks and I like it when you turn on the
car it's now the heralding blow and then
it sounds like this without the
breakdown that's nice and then it just
smells like a lot of you a here's a shit
it's like air pollution why do you want
to go huh okay what about mine yours
that's a good question because I know
you're not that into cars but you do
like fast cars but they're not that
you're a mom you're more of an SUV
person or your future monger more of an
SUV person and my mom you are a mom so
I'm gonna have to say Range Rover fuck
it and I gotta really really because
when I was just girls totally like I'm
talking about like maybe 12 or 13 I was
crazy into the 65 Mustang and then I was
introduced to the Shelby Mustang and
like oh we hit that Friday and then I
wanted fast cars and then I was like a
major fanatic of life we're not even
fanatic we're just like major fans of
arm BMW I wanted the M Street I thought
that was like badass but then now I'm
just like yeah whatever you ever thought
kind of made you fight your number
before oh damn no I've always liked the
Broncos like the smell of money like
desert to the dollar store this is
what's funny about Bart so I told him
this before and it wasn't specifically
the Bronco hood and like that was in a
movie was in desperado so he missed like
somewhere in his wiring in his head he
took that information and made it made
himself believe that I said I had a
crush on unfold bond Antonio Linette us
and he was like she has a crush on him
and I'm like no I said I like the car in
that movie that's it welcome you told me
you never
underwear whistle azuz yeah where are
you making things up those are may be
happening a dream but I remember you got
a pair of what tidy whities lies and
plenty of others on it and you're like
wait you're making this up wait are you
being serious even with no closer to
told me that God oh are you serious the
probability it happened in a dream when
I saw you do that in my dream and then I
never talked about any male that I want
to go there why would I want to call a
guy I know where why would you tell me
this that's totally a guy's dream
because are you open to my dream is what
a fucking weirdo okay my turn
this is the last question woo what's
your spouse's favorite meal go for you
yeah shit good luck
I this goes back to her never being able
to make up her mind being adventurous
hey you can't go wrong cuz wish you luck
you can't go wrong because if you don't
you're there's like a breakup oh there's
a variety that's on that ultimate
favorite is a variety is basic listen
listen number listen um there's a
variety within just I don't want to give
you any more clues but you can't go
wrong and that's hurting wrong wait you
can't go wrong
go tell me one come on I want to give
you any food Korean barbecue that's my
favorite meal that's my favorite meal
everyone knows with the pizza and now
you're telling me I'll roll up you suck
I mean I like pizza but is it my
favorite meal of all time I love pizza
but it's my favorite meal of all time
cereal that you put your balance you
give me three antics what's your finish
will do hmm
what's your final answer this way
without their favorite final final final
final I know fuck bottle ads above the
bottom
a papaya no and recipe patent but I'll
take it
I'll take it even I thought of you know
what is it good I know but it's always
been talking to the girl that's why I
was like no wish you wash it I can never
remember she's always only piece of pick
a piece of piece of pizza the older
brother is very good boom I've always
said Mexican is the top of my list no
matter what it's always always there's a
little X in other words you know it if
I'm happy you're like what does no the
food quality is nasty but the dinner is
so bomb program mean the quality I'm
just like the dish so she makes you like
you live I love chilaquiles but then the
way they made and compared them like
that it's awesome growth you guys like
this morning we had she lucky list I
love you lucky lives but what they made
was bullshit
there is what okay for you I am going to
have to say that your favorite food is
aha
pasta sushi hamburgers southern barbecue
all of that stuff ding ding ding ding
ding and I know a sexy wish you watching
you have to know you're not a favorite
if you say any of those things ramen
Grima mo ramen pizza southern barbecue
fried chicken Oh Korean food Afghan food
Chinese food Italian food Korean food
Mexican food American food any of those
Filipino food Japanese food if you said
anything within that realm Ethiopian
food you will die right okay fine
all right well um it looks like we
fucking killed it because I don't think
we got any really wrong no it's true
that's pretty good pretty proud of us
look at BAM power all day right I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and I was a
lot of fun hearing his crazy thoughts on
what he thinks about me I hope you guys
like this video I keep saying it but if
you like the video let
now in the comments like the video and
share the video
