the
Oh
Oh
thank you horrible I don't want to do it
I'm just going to say I'm a power lifter
and we can't true and I'm also fantastic
are you okay ah I think I have it I do
not like completely something ugly
Don training now we're finally to get
some food and finally because I've been
craving it for like a month now we're
going to get what I've been wanting King
taco
I am so happy hanging out I've been
craving some sofas which is a sellout
cabbage pitiful dreadful I believe me
and then the little pillows are SIA and
then I saw a taco with the green salsa I
got to put that on there and I loved the
onion in this month roll mr. CEOs
Domino's have been the limey ass we meet
what is most change
uncle travel back to saliva and then
once all up so much saw the notches
would if we should not mention at all
but it's just fatty food and I've been
craving fatty tuna
what did I tell you I'm fat no I told
her starting yesterday that was in three
days gonna get King Taco oh and I'm a
man of my word
you promised in you are a man reward I
appreciate that
thank you very much thank you are you
doing I'm getting the ingredients for me
recipe
what are you making in life I'm making
some brisket because you may have him
make it together tomorrow
the dead
in me cooking me brisket
oh yeah we are having a potluck tomorrow
just to hang out as friends because like
we mentioned in another video we don't
hang you two we don't hang each other
remember any other girl that we talk to
each other we don't hang out enough so
here's the first attempt being Cuban and
hanging out together
it's also awesome that were married now
because whatever he makes my name goes
on it but it was cool for Christmas
right
because for Christmas whatever I bought
I just put his name I need to do any of
the work of this would you do I had to
be a support systems when you'e like
good near luck wrapping them I was
watching like a movie you know was
giving you moral support fine
so it's also because for this potluck
whatever he makes I don't have to make
anything because this pardon Gio made it
so this is the funniest thing ever
we don't have reception in here and
toddlers recipe called for a dry red
wine and we've been standing in this
aisle for life I think legit ten minutes
because we don't know which one's red
and which was white like obviously we
know that these over here they're
considered white white wine because
they're white if I get it but we were
like wait a minute what's of them are
low and what's the other one Kevin I got
that yo yeah you're like what the fuck
and then on this other side right behind
me there's more we're like fuck we don't
drink enough to know bullshit
his daughter didn't read much but some
of the key that's the thing is this
fucking Chardonnay in it but he's like
Merlot and a bourbon and then he's got
like the best blend and then you've got
like the Japanese and they need you got
the Schomburg mean I don't even know
which unit really supposed to and then
he's got like different names about st.
Francis I mean I guess if I was like
religious but I'm not and then you've
got like consider a naked girls
informally and I'm I'm not really horny
right now and then you fought like
presidency one and I'm not like adult
for you know Peter I don't think oh yeah
presidency yeah you know you've got that
Argyle but I don't wear my golden sauce
today either so I'm just kind of
confused as to which slots the postage
in you've got not to make the grade and
I'm not really in the mood for details I
don't really know exactly when I'm
supposed to actually winning and I've
gone they stopped written watch the
price it's for solid although you can't
beat a six dollar one especially if
you're barefoot because you make things
I love being there for and I love
spending less amount of money that's the
Chinese a new poster Tommy's is the only
they're really looking at I'm trying to
say is very options here I don't go away
we both of you your party bitches some
just lightly my both sides like a triple
but look a this is like seven salt
dollars so might be really good this is
numbers a fucking hit to let you know
it's good if we taste your left really
honey no I mean I don't know I don't
even know what any of these things means
to find that a lot I know the Wright
brothers recreated of airplanes and
they've got the storyteller weather
probably you drink it and then it will
all kind of stories to tell
I don't like scary and then you drink
this and it going out out there local
spirits but I there's so many prior but
like why can't they just keep it simple
kind of like spy on like a and W a lot
coped in our site that is only got Coke
or Pepsi you don't got Coke Pepsi
the Christian and also the funny man and
then also the scurvy alligators and then
also the flying birds on the bicycles
you don't got all those prayers and
stuff too and it keeps it really easy
but here you want me any life I want the
mellow and it's got electronics you got
a fucking decoy I wanna fucking fucking
decoy then you start to choke up and
it's like I know a couple of friends
they go but I don't know it's over and
then I also know someone named Nikita I
bet she only says my laundry at my do
big name a Latina women love fucking Kai
corner but a lot in a world do you need
a cake on a bottle of wine maybe it's
paired better with cake
possibly and then you've got like some
psychedelic points for kissing
absolutely
why are you even talking like that well
I'm completely sure I don't know what's
wrong no well with the accent well
accent oh never mind
I mean you don't make good English no no
you speak great my bad my bad
I don't know I think we figured it out
he went with his Chinese instinct which
is barefoot if you love doing better
foot and it's five dollars cuz it's
cheap so I think I think we're finally
out of here right papa
I was a little bit Oh fine is another
six dollars was a great one it's a cake
most capped oh I'm lost I don't know
it's a fuckin take Moscato it's like you
know the Moscato that is uniquely any
point of you succulent it look and again
a flood out and I'm like a worn out of
it yeah well I got some stuff this is
not wine obviously but I got candy I got
candy I got oranges and scented candles
this is my favorite so far
a pink zebra no this one it smells so
good college mouth lock
heaven happens worry anything it smells
kind of like a baby's room ahh you're
not the baby Carrie Smith
a lot about this a lot us a little bit
and I got each one in one right is your
little baby let's get outta here before
you start more
put the clown I was just telling Papa
you were loading up the car and by we I
mean him on that when we move in for a
new place is going to be very soon what
the hell stop was which is going to be
very soon that our house is going to be
loaded with a bunch of snacks and food
and stuff because I get to have a house
other than the hospitai grew up in with
my mama where she had he's a Spartan now
is it opposed
where she had the pantry and an
additional refrigerator and another the
freezer downstairs where all she would
do is just have a bunch of snacks for
all the kids and it was like bullshit it
was awesome so now that I'm going to be
a parent
you better believe I'm going to have a
bunch of snacks my little fur baby over
here I'm a real baby over here I'm so
excited
ok let's get into Clark wasn't I've
heard of it chef papa why wow that's too
hot my eardrums how do you know would it
put oh how do you know how much to put
um just base it off of my like about 30
years of experience of cooking no really
why don't you measured I don't think if
there's a song peppers usually to take
so I just go up a soft feel and then I
should it's right fine do you enjoy
cooking
yes great fun what I have time what I
don't have time then it gets stressful
because then it's like notice I try to
eat something
uh I like when it's um it's almost like
if you have the plan then cooking is an
art and it's almost like me painting
right yeah but when you don't have time
then your brush it's like we kind of
draw something you're like fuck off an
undulator yeah yeah yeah yeah Wow Papa
you're so tall look at this is life I
hit your head Holly this is called a
wall-e yeah for me cooking is definitely
not pleasant like I only know I only
like it like now that I'm going to be a
mom I can't wait to take care of my baby
so that's the only main motivation to
want to learn how to cook and cook like
to keep my baby
um well-fed healthy and just happy but
other than that I'm just like oh God
like I'd rather clean the kitchen after
someone cooked
the rows want to clean all this up
psychics no no I'm saying if I had to
see one or the other
yeah but this is not my idea like I have
reliable but you don't you're artists I
see your painting I see you do all that
but you don't like it or maybe I just
maybe could be one of those things
because I don't know it it's more
intimidating so I'm just like I don't
even know where to begin what let's just
start with this mother's onions together
the Westlaw onions
sometimes we have the onion enough
mother bullion is my jam all my life you
know people know what's up with bullion
ya know what you're doing it pretty much
like you just are inseparable I love the
place okay you just know you need to put
it together you know how brisket that
media steak kind of like how I feel now
I just know just salt and then so you
put it together knowing what would go
good and just kind of think about it and
it becomes like like it's like drawing
you're kind of like that sprawl alright
like blue and yellow makes green but
more yellow than the green it's lighter
yeah but I think you got an experiment
to understand that blue and yellow make
green I'm not even there yet okay I'll
let you be then and be one with your
piece of meat so what those fuck it was
so pretty until you put that shit on
there
okay well have fun with your drawing
this looks fun that part's looks fun
okay have fun but all right guys it's
11:00 p.m. which means
goodnight guys
