how long does it take you to dry your
hair out there forever
not so much hair is so thick I just
stick it hair ever
why are you doing that because he could
drive it cuz I have to hold the blow
drivers so long now my shoulders is
getting really tired with them father
wanted me to get him a smaller blue iris
I found we did but this little guy packs
a punch is actually very fucking tiny to
turn my head Oh God that's not to do
anything my wieners bigger than is I
mean hey that's not bad that guy denies
there what is crazy what that how would
you reduce me where did it go did I even
say I was going to play with you just
ran away boys not that - snails gonna
play with you you crazy eyes barely came
out here yeah beat it at all I said
you're gonna beat up your bed again
fucking cute ass motherfucker you guys
doing wrestling do you guys like it that
you guys have three brothers and sisters
and you guys get to play all the time
yeah beat up your bed freedom up beat up
all your present Oh what did he do to
you I really like it I think you guys
have a lot of fun living together
Oh give this sisterly lesbian love yeah
but well it's not incest not the same
breed comment what are you talking about
pervert how much separate I'm not a
pedophile you wouldn't make the ugliest
comments on Jane you like what I hope I
don't want to fuck my daughter too one
day it's not getting to that
conversation Oh God
why would you even say something like
that
see the guy just got a dress on his tail
yeah you wanted to play today we both
you know good Manila you look you're not
me though yeah you know hey here that
guy's fuckin huge you know that that guy
could barely bust a u-turn in here look
how huge this guy Louis we are biggest
the big old tail cuny I wonder when they
go to I wonder when I go to school I
wonder if when they talk about the home
if they share stories about how they
live in the middle of the city because
I'm pretty sure a lot of their friends
at school live in normal houses but this
is where these guys live and I don't
even know if they appreciate it we're
going to play there's this this is where
these damn fur balls with they live in
the middle of a beautiful le skyline on
the 22nd floor look at that look at this
beautiful view you can see the Hollywood
sign if you like to zoom in see the
Hollywood sign all the way over there
that is gorgeous do you guys even
appreciate where we live okay
obviously they don't give a fuck they're
just having it all the time
meatloaf is know to be fine with four
pieces snap okay shake it off
that's my cue folks time to go to JK
news okay so uh I don't want to know
about the entirety tool part that we
cannot have that convocation unless
you're in the room
why because you're the stabilizer you're
the normal one and I am emotional so
then when you come up with your
outlandish name my name is a dope I just
get pissed and then you get pissed on
fight I hold on first of all I had to
know normal at two names I really like
for a boys or the boy was Jamil and the
other one is Jaleel and they're both
Arabic royalty names and what did you
say they were no wait he's fading okay
what did you go there's a strict
understanding I think those names are
fucking dope I am any no I think but I
think the interesting thing is that when
people hear your kids names they're
going to be surprised that the last name
is Quan and not Johnson and then quite
as a parent investing the Chinese are
not black yeah little quarter sounds
only offending people is what it's very
big so the name that I actually thought
was very clever and when I tell people
about this name because it's a very
original name told Reese that was
originated by Jo I thought that was
fucking genius and a tip said that she
was going to get for her future kid are
you really gonna take care you liar yeah
make a point here and write what you did
oh yeah I remember everything right this
portiere a hybrid all right so you're
cool at all Reese but you're not cool
with Jamil ah for Quan Omri squad a
little bit Jamil Kwan yes Tory is it
sounds like you were Tory Tory oratory
what about Jamil Kwan no Giulio coil is
already
damira lie quality that's glory like
poor yaki for you
toreano this time unlike nothing's
alright I don't know I never get
anything that's like if you have a black
kid with the name duh yeah look triumph
there's nothing wrong with that that's
can live in an international world and
it's Arabic sorry he was up there she'll
go at 7:00 today because one of the
three dogs don't know which one always
kept licking and grooming themselves the
critical to the basket but what you
don't know if you have a small dog this
big dog fucking clouds when they like
something you can hear it for the light
yak of the tongues like six inches long
I know who it is
fucking meat low no it's not it's fun
and me love fond love Kovac shit a
meatloaf when I come out of the shower
she always comes to my leg and she
starts quiet and she licks it like crazy
I like this what is that cracker rice
cracker where Asian song number new star
Ricky hemisphere appendages for that I
see the good stuff what does Jake it
says what does that say what's that say
Julia Oh some phone sex guy are you
winning English you fucking cheater if
you asked like the Arthur all those
faulty Japanese Brahma you want one bit
i likewise Krampus yeah I grew up on
these guys we always had a bunch of rice
crackers at home at home I had all kinds
of Asian snacks going up and none of
them did shit because it all pays I err
well you had the Chinese snacks and
those are the shittiest snacks know
where Japanese snacks that doesn't want
another life because if you if you go to
a Chinese store they also carry Japanese
and Korean stuff your Korean place to
have like some Chinese national created
water where's my like you makin me I'd
never smell boy yeah I can't even smell
it you guys are racist you know that
like it is not like anything it feels
like a totodile it smells like something
smells like oh right be part of a model
it's not that's one thing that's so
crazy how comes it may be your you two
girls can answer it
how come Asian people can eat almost all
other cuisines like I think all agents
love Mexican food they can eat American
food but then for you to specifically
have a hard time eating Asian food I
have a lot of Mexicans at Asian
restaurants good yeah I mean your acumen
no I don't like rural raw reference but
her dad likes Explorer I hope your dad
like Explorer and you know kind of like
tiny yeah my gosh my god love these in
culture no why did he make fun of eight
is all the time you need look funny
hey one making fun of your kid that's so
fucked up you hear that half of them is
not funny looking
the other half blue box what are you
doing
dirty that one fucking restaurant that
one um all of us who live in Cape Town
Thai barbecue say hi yes all Thai
barbecue it's only masking people in
there you straight up well because our
people are cooking up the food soup
maybe but there's a line out the door
and it's under their kids and grandkids
oh maybe well that's a pleasure Taunton
took us to Thai barbecue fourth birthday
jelly back I see Mexicans from Mexico in
a lot of like restaurants I rarely speak
mexican-american
going out and Keanu no matter what
happened how did you guys become so
close-minded tell me some everything
I'm not close-minded up my last name is
Quan that's the least closed-minded
you'll ever see we're talking about no
white chocolate in LA and we love fuck I
always do that safa not this lady
hey guy here do it now oh yeah you're
like in the military I'm a straight-up
Mexican family's at Chinese restaurant
love that shit up I went to golden going
that's when I finally had real good Club
oh you love you love fun now I don't
even say I love it to the noodle chill
annoy me what not gonna like go specific
not be they absorb the class you're not
eating a fasten that I see also I get
soggy I get I see damage you're supposed
to eat that shit when they're burning
your mouth I'm down bar for lunch five
for lunch in went down for four for
lunch I owe you 15 Taco King barber
lunch fucking anybody down to go to
fuckin taco every lunch we've been
talking about every lunch we've been
talking about eating fuck you and I had
our own little car dude first week apart
we must be Kintaro back can we get up
with
I'm here hey good luck I know hit it I
killed it that's right
ah Jenny Jenny boom-boom slurping mmm
slurping British of course I have AIDS
but that's fuck that's what that one is
about crazy shit
god that's always a big yeah what a huge
slut fuck hater doing useless a big
important job
how much number night oh I see fuck
Halle dude got AIDS and if you look now
it's kinda funny when I have hey that's
that's totally the fuckin I can't stick
running go ahead
so can't begin people a she's hot and
all I remember that she was hot no you
know what aids work oh yeah mmm Absalon
though also happy they got how rich you
know shit happen do you like our ganache
a tofu yeah it's one of the world's best
fucking creations you know that's kept
Presley putting them up yes hmm what'd
you get you dashi both Davis yup what's
almost done now why do you always
pretend like you're on a diet when
you're with me and then later on I see a
posting peeps on Instagram one all the
time
are you posting fucking ice cream pizza
raviolis be my to business ha ha ha ha
and then when you're next to me you're
kidding on the side oh and then when
you're next to me all of a sudden you
eaten that nobody all right son why
can't fucking just put in your own
program I'm just letting you know go
work oh shut you up then why are you
trying to start a fight BAM so friendly
it works emailing you kidding
that's how good your program is yep
that's right what did you get Joe I got
me a girl caller going on tempura
I got Charlotte I got me so horny soup I
love me so horny too
what's not the same comparing it to what
to the in-court noodle if you're on that
I got what is know each other better
oh my god it's like heaven it
immediately has toward me and I
suspected
oh my god this way I know yeah I do it
cuz how did you guys transfer you guys
eating it and then at home you're like
extra bad I first take to the broad
holiday oh whoa no and then I write
after it I look like I'm with you mommy
oh I will be here today like I'm with
you mommy we're back in Japan s funny
about was I miss it Iran because of the
food like I miss the privacy so gonna
put it in the box
mommy just anxiety when he eats out in
public
oh maybe too much pressure huh yeah in
Japan all those little things like you
make you feel like you have personal
space I like it
you got ramadhir Julia yeah I love ramen
she likes more man I'm excited because
are itchy Iran came in and I haven't
tried it yet but I do want to try it
amateur on camera hopefully I could do
it this weekend could we finally have
some time we're on our JK news lunch
break right now and I was walking to the
back to take a nap where I always take a
nap and then I look into our old prop
room and I'm like oh shit I don't know
what happened you look is this is a
crazy mess we have a random food scale
steamer taken apart on the floor airsoft
ak-47 basketball cups box styrofoam
coming out of the box the giant brain
over the head of this place is crazy so
we used to use this place to store all
of our props and wardrobe or means to
shoot skits and stuff but since we
haven't shots
j/k films in a long time but here's a
teaser we are going to start back up
this year that's not a note I don't know
why it looks like oh I think I do know
why I think it looks like this because
for JK party it's becoming a little bit
more and more pop heavy so we have to
get like stuff and I think because
everyone's always in a rush they just
coming or ransack the place and then
they take it and they don't really come
back to fix anything but this place is
where it's greatest Allaah Jake actually
I'm like man I'm not shooting skin
that's one thing to someone who
organizes motherfucker because this is
there's a random sound recorder here
Chyna balls and are squished this place
is freaky there's a truck trash bag full
of something
see we in touch with them but this place
is crazy and there's a poncho on the
floor holy guacamole that's crazy
I hope someone cleans it I'm not going
to say anything but hopefully it gets
cleaned in the next couple days but it's
time for me to take a nap I think
everyone is just John right now usually
I go take a nap and then I come back out
and then I see everyone else also techni
but everyone else just kind of show it
I'm winding down for lunch here with her
this is for their initial study with
articles chose children Julius and an
article I think David NGO already
sleeping with magenta I just say
clipping he always speaks with me
she says she's tired I'm gonna sleep
with her
now I'm gonna take him right in it yeah
what's really cute there's a big nose on
your ear big black nose pick you what an
epic a long oh is that really a prince
can sing woodsy thing I said it covered
nope
judges go for texture thought this is
this would be that other guy yeah if you
want to thank through here oh not one
more time play another song and then the
fun yeah he had a really good vocal
texture it his voice his tone of voice
in song he reminds me of arm what's that
one guy you put me on it was like him
and Ariana Grande had to do it all
another white boy yeah yeah he's guys
like that good vocal texture with
another song just him doing that the
weakest all earned it that kids talented
this last man
there's like he creates piri piripi oh
please like all around like those
musicians
listen boy I don't worry so much
I think you from like the UK I don't
think you're here just I feel like a lot
of like you get people off stole yeah I
like you for me even though
multi-instrumentalist here coming hurry
up motherfuckers say god damn it
wait for the build-up it's less ensure
that dissipation Victor foreplay I
always like it when artists they add
their own ad-libs and harmony yeah I
don't like relation with straight cover
because it's not really theirs or just
they're just covering it and they don't
really add their own like artistic flair
to it
I think people love to because to cover
their human voice you can do it better
than the original artist that's dope
yeah and I'm not a big talent weekend at
all but he killed it maybe like a song
let my side other's hair
you will play even to the 405
oh good night hahaha
we just finished shooting just kidding
news and today we round a little bit
later because I shoot more article so it
can and me and mob ever thought about
getting King Taco Chris to the bikini
team taco for a long long time and it
looked like we're about to get it
because since I Shinsengumi which is the
place whisky shabu shabu at our
tradition closes at 11:00 but we've
decided that we can make it there on
time but it's probably going to get
there right at 10:00 so we won't be one
of those last summer's comers so it has
customers that go there and make them
wait hella long but I'm sorry ma
repartee knows that we can't get your
little King Taco crazy for you snap I
know when you're collaborating it like
you're you crazy since Ally yeah a
little thing to do wasn't even my idea
like you had planted that in my head
today
oh so you're the one that pushed for it
I said yes and then last-minute change
to this and we're going to be the
assholes that are going to be showing up
later but I will tell you also that you
don't have to worry about because they
close at 11:00 and we're gonna talk
longer when they're seeing close so it's
not an hour to 30 minutes so that's so
kind of an asshole the kitchen closes at
10:30 so I was you come before 10:30 you
know but it's built it's still cutting
it close as my point where where um King
Taco it was your idea you were pushing
for it and then it ended up this I saw
just like all man you made me crave it
even more
I'm sorry mama it's okay as long as I
can get it to go get it absolutely is a
promise we will I'm definitely thinking
about it though but I promise I promise
Montez that we're going to get it in the
next three days question Tsugumi the
reason why we always go there so much is
one it's extremely delicious no other
place in LA you can get yakitori and
Chhabra shuttle and - it kind of became
tradition we're at dinner but we always
eat what David reenact it wasn't my idea
it was your I know mother but I really
thought that um we were going to end so
late that we weren't going to be able to
make it here that's why oh so that was
the only reason why you're going to go
get it for me yeah because why else
would I break tradition it's good at
breaking tradition is a big deal okay
but now this weekend I'm gonna do all me
painting canvas yeah so this weekend I'm
down to do anything for you and what I
find only on the weekend or tomorrow
someone's gonna get anything for you
fine I'll kiss you yeah this will good
for me yeah I love your mother heavy too
yeah we're going to go eat and I would
go vlogging there but I didn't get seen
that place a million times so I don't
want to bore you guys so we're just
going to call that night good night
everyone
