all right today's a little bit of fun
off day for me just because I've been in
meetings all day so I haven't really
done much outside of this office like
I've literally been here all day and
it's good interesting I never left out
there and maybe for a month
but look there's no more stuff on the
side at all
the gone
yes oh I guess we're I think so I don't
know you can the bar now I bought so
much Thai food if you didn't see on this
map I was saying um there's maybe a lot
of redecoration going on here is going
to be super fun
I think we're going to make every area a
different theme so that here will be
like beat to the emerging but we'll get
to that later when I get started I've
actually just been in my fist this whole
time at my desk here
and I even know have I ever talked to
you to sub Mouse's my desk I'm gonna
keep going out this but it used to be on
that side over there but now we have a
conference table and then areas massive
as dusk is gone and now it's just that
then on this side we have Evan
they bought a little like vegetable
thing there's just these random life now
I don't think in order to put it the
game and then churros death for me I'm
now in this corner with better lighting
if you can't tell that lighting super
bright that was honest right that one's
modest bright and that was honest right
I should took Maurice Bush she's our
fashion illustrator and she was sitting
in that corner that's why the light is
so bright she needs to match a lot of
different colors to the fabrics that we
want um so she needed as much bright
light as possible but she has her own
space now so I took over her corner and
I love it
let me give you a little tour I have my
little rug and right down here is where
the bed light to kick it but for the
dogs like to kick it on a dog bed but
look where they're at right now not a
dude Boop did you right there guys you
don't care you don't care you don't care
you don't care you don't care
that's literally them all the time
they're so freaking chill
it's pretty awesome um but yeah
a little fridge we got it like two
snacks got a printer but specifically my
desk it's glass which is really cool it
makes me feel like I'm not trapped in
one area just staring at a piece of wood
all day um and I have like a little book
area if you will it's here I can hang
things there but I never do I have my
little mirror I have a little basket
where I keep some hot chocolate since
I'm pregnant I can't have coffee so I do
like I definitely enjoy having something
warm to sip on and coffee would help us
out but now they're going to have it
I just settle for hot chocolate and here
I have different faces I used to have
like a terrarium in that's kind of my
little one that I made but here was when
I first rescued the wrap I had her live
there too like the first couple nights
before I could get her a cage or before
I did any research cuz before to her I
had never owned any rodents so I don't
know what to do or what to buy so she's
lived in that little thing for a bit to
clean it out but she was living here a
little bit and she fit so perfectly in
that space but now she's so big and sad
she's such a healthy right now that
there's no way in hell she would ever
fit in that space but remember she's to
fit inside my palm it's so cute huh of
my trashcan and since I don't have much
shelving or drawers if you can't tell
from my desk
I do have all of my supplies here so
like my office supplies I have tape I
have extra pens and Sharpie staples and
everything is so clear see-through box
if you haven't noticed I guess the same
when I was on putting together my desk
was very clear and open spaces with wood
and some metal because then here I have
a clear picture frame this my mom I'm a
couple in it great people my desk and
then I have to move this then I have
twisty blur and I have a clear tape
dispenser and then I have to you're
posted case and I have a clear case for
all my pimples and pens and stuff and
then I have a clear little box where I
can keep like with some miscellaneous
items and whatnot kind of sticking with
the metal theme this is supposed to like
hold files and stuff but they fall over
send it to find this on it's like I keep
on myself and in here I'll have like I
should have envelopes and whatnot stuff
that I need so I don't know basically
all I really need and I have all this
and I don't cuz I don't really see a
purpose in having a desktop I feel like
for my lifestyle these laptop is the
best call from moving and I'm always
working in different areas if it's pages
they can't really lug around a desktop
and any work that I do on the desktop
stays on the desktop so the best form
use pre mobile person is have a laptop
so I do care it with me everywhere but I
like having a big screen so what I have
is
here is it dual monitor so I have this
propped up but I can just use a keyboard
and then I connected my screens so that
they share one screen look like this I
can do that
this is a screen hunt stage here but
then I plug this guy into here share the
screen has the little mouse the mouse
pad in the independent keyboard so it on
stood like type up here then of course I
love music so I have my Bose sound
system this is usually the mic that we
use but it keeps falling off so I
figured I'm indoors I'm not going to
worry about it too much
I'm emag I'm walking I really really
love I bought it before the election
when it was like Hillary Trump and no
one that I really actually wanted to
vote for and I thought I would support
not wanting to vote for Trump by I don't
know for not Trump though mug and
ironically enough he won so it kind of
sucks but yeah that's pretty much my dad
it's a really chill spot I feel like I
need some sort of artwork or something
here if you're an artist and I like to
send over the fan art or some sort of
art or something I would like to fill it
matte brown walls with some sort of life
so hint hint artist okay yeah this is
just a little space what I'll show you
with this anything else you see I need I
already kind of feel like I have a
little bit of a clutter but I don't know
you tell me you think I need more stuff
on my on my desk
I'll just give you one last one last
look I love that I can't see measles
still my homicide by the way oh and then
here's the other side just in case you
want to see it one more time and again
guys just a hint I want some art here
don't do any good I mean okay well I
think it's dinner time since I might
your recommendation where are we a white
is recommended where's Rooney mondo it
had me food on especially me having with
us and it's actually really a good
quality flower that they use and the
scoop is really clean premium B to do to
the people who don it and it really
brings me my face oh definitely want to
hear another things without another we
having I try the one is mine like you
know why this was you I find my favorite
you don't bother anyone no I think
Japan's about where we're gonna drill a
zphone really I left nothing come there
oh my god what you get so this is what
they're known for
the urchin Unni pasta I had to try it I
also asked David what I should get is
just get the booty cos that's a no 400
I'm gonna hide it
really pick that all about science
really goes really good
LARPing Idaho this is version and that
really bothered you at winning a quarter
it tastes like a garlicky mac and cheese
but not hurt a sex means before but not
the whole thing
I don't even work on this destroy like
why today oh no I'm not going to eat my
food
taking picture of food lack oh you're
like those like you give another unknown
fibers and all your other likely y'all
act a piece if you cannot take any dairy
takes it we won't get the run and it
definitely helps with every bite and
every meal when you take lactate
Rossellini's at banjo so Wi-Fi supplies
what I need I use it every single day
every meal like a this is what I use
you're making a lot of money off of yeah
finally home now just finished taking a
shower hot somebody's ready for bed time
so face he is all my goodness you're
ready for bed
are you ready for bed oh my god you
ready for bed too Oh baby
cutie pie um I am running some cereal I
want some cereal so you know what I'm
going to make myself some cereal
I have kicks and echoes crutch or honey
bunches of oats and I think there's no
more in there we were juicing and why
why would you do that to me
alright well I'm going to try to meet
hopefully it's enough for a bowl let's
see
oh oh oh it's not it's not enough
football No
not enough horrible oh well what can you
do
I'm going to get some milk my milk down
here I have organic fat-free milk
because I'm not the biggest fan of milk
I like no comparative butter stuffed
with milk by itself not a fan so I try
to get it with no fat I try to get it as
thin as possible
oh okay one pretty tough enough what am
i doing off sabe of we're some fucking
cereal come on mom beer
you bet you're just not important Oh
cheer up
alright I just need the phone
voila
just booth well I hope you guys had a
nice day
I know oh my god I was about to say that
I had a nice day but look at how cute
this is how can you not love this guy
how look at this one
look at that one so cute but I was
saying that I hope you guys have a nice
day I was saying earlier I'm just in a
lot of meetings and so my name is pretty
chill I'm being here pretty fun
therefore barbell and they work for
Chicopee sofa barbell we split up our
meetings in two separate days and we
split them up according to Department
today these meetings were for the
apparel department and for social media
and productions and then once I wrapped
up those meetings then I moved into a JK
party meeting where we planned all the
JK party stuff and not scripted stuff I
don't know where that rumor started I've
been reading in the comments that you
guys think all the stuff is scripted and
it is not scripted at all I think what
you guys are thinking is when you heard
Casey tell us the rules and that's just
so that we don't fuck up the game so
that you guys don't know that's not how
I got I thought hey you guys it pissed
that it's playing it wrong so Casey
being the director he direction he gives
us directions he tells us um when the
cameras rolling
he'll tell us how to play the game but
that's about it
and scripted guys scripted means that we
are given lines to memorize and those
are the lines we stay
so whenever you've seen Casey interview
us and he has a question for us that is
not scripted
it's just ask what little bit it's just
a question so that we can give our
response in an organized fashion script
it would be like have
my nose nigga okay hi my name is Geo
and today I'm going to be playing this
game then I go action hi my name is
Gio's that scripted we don't do any of
that all we do is get directions for
gameplay and what camera we need to look
into the end all the interactions all on
the dialog everything that you hear is
straight from the dome is not replicated
it is not duplicated it is fresh organic
- matter so I hope that cleared up some
things that you guys were thinking about
um because I think that's what JK kind
of started its foundation on is that a
lot of it is improv based and improv
means there are no lines straight from
the right so yeah so we met for was what
games are we going to play who's going
to be on what team who's going to play
what and the end we don't decide who
wins we don't decide rigging anything
it's literally okay we're going to play
I'll give you an example
um we're going to play poker okay so
what players do we want clean poker okay
we'll get tips we'll get Julia will get
joga Bart so to do that and then we go
okay what type of cards see once you
want really big cards with small cards
so we just set on details like that and
then we go okay yeah okay well what's
the best way for camera to capture all
the right angles and facial expressions
we decide that and then we go alright
well arm what else did he talk about I
think that's pretty much it and you
props wardrobe we'll talk about wardrobe
if someone comes in with a shirt that
has to fuck you on and it's super
wrinkled or going to be like oh that's
your wrinkles we'll keep the shirt it's
really good we decide what else do we
decide oh we play test fit which means
um we'll play it just to make sure that
it's not a boring game so one of the
games that we play tested that
internally we like on that didn't quite
do so well with you guys was when I
ultimate werewolf if you don't really
talking about go to disk reading party
or YouTube and then right
just kidding party one I ultimate or
love and when you're playing that game
it's super duper fun but I guess
watching it is not that fun there's so
much strategy so in order to avoid any
of those miss ups from happening again
we will play it and then when the okay
nice game fun and this game not fun and
then we locate cool it's fun now we just
write roles and that's it and then they
have shoot we go okay guys you guys are
playing this the end we don't say Josh
is going to lose geo you're going to win
it's literally like just what you're
doing do your magic cast do what you're
good at
be entertaining the end but I think I
talk too much
because now material is getting really
salty but it sounds so good mmm
Wow another thing is we are our Bart and
I will be visiting the doctor and about
a week or two just to see how the data
is doing so far so good
um I've been exercising I've been
training if you guys have this following
if you don't know one thought I might
you can follow my I cheat at geo
underscore dot-com and your visit
barbell brigades YouTube and that way
you can see this new series that I'm
involved in called pregnant power lifter
where I'm literally time to debunk that
lifting weights while pregnant is that
for you I really am I'm a firm believer
that it doesn't even necessarily have to
be weight is if you've done something
when you weren't pregnant in terms of
physical activity that you should
continue doing so while pregnant but do
not overexert yourself do not try to
like hit personal records you do it out
of moderate calm
comfortable level so I'm a firm believer
of that because I didn't reading of all
these symptoms of women that they feel
all these crazy things and I really do
feel like because I've been training I
don't feel a lot of them and one of the
biggest ones that I read that luckily I
only got one was pressure headaches and
the only thing we can take for headaches
is Tylenol but I'm trying really hard to
just not take any of that stuff so when
I had a pressure headache I immediately
went to the gym and have worked out very
moderately like I wasn't doing burpees I
wasn't running around we weren't doing
crazy stuff like I just did a light
workout and because my blood was
circulating and pumping and it was you
know on creating you fresh blood in my
body I felt better as soon as I was done
and ever since I kept kept up working
out I haven't gotten that stuff anymore
and I feel great I feel really really
good um Wow I kind of liked it fills up
work enough um you know I'm sorry I look
like this I literally just got out of
shower mmm
one thing I've noticed since I've been
pregnant is I've been working a lot out
a lot more I have a really cool glow
that I like on you can see an office on
fire but I'm nurse I have a really cool
club but my complexion is just not that
good hopefully it gets better but so far
second trimesters been treating me good
okay I'll arm this shorter I'm sorry you
guys had to watch me eating for so long
but I just felt like I needed to connect
with you guys more on a one-on-one basis
so thank you for joining me today
I was really nice connecting with you
guys I'll be guys have a beautiful day
be a full afternoon a beautiful night
wherever it is in the world that you're
watching right now so see you later guys
bye bye
