I didn't get impatient why not Buckley
let's go ahead real audio camera camera
oh sorry
okay I know you a big one all right so
in the impression that you're going to
go to a theta is your best impression
what is your name and what is your best
impression do it all in the impression
all in the impression on say oh my name
is a Jala my favorite way of impression
is a kim jongwan I'm going to give you a
nuclear weapon in your house good nice
Bart I'm not ready no that's the only
thing I don't know how to do any
impression and when you're put on the
spot it's even harder I can't think of
any impression I ought to do technically
valley girl nada is not impression so
you can be carried yeah there we go
just find some imaginary because it had
been on depends yeah he named it hard
huh I know especially the problem spot
like this yes all right quasi what's
going on how audio chem off camera will
seem to be a fake one all right
nd impression itself what is your name
and what is your best impression so like
my name is Tiffany and my best
impression would be Paris Hilton because
that's so hot really good good got the
oppression barn Josh jails ready yeah
did you get that wig from dude
yeah oh my god all right
make fun of me I don't know you're a
bargain brush no isn't giving hi I need
a bike
I'd like to smell it so much that's not
oranges yeah it looks like a holy place
it smells like ah like Chef Boyardee
like ravioli in a can
does it I don't know yes moba
conservatives and tomato sauce they were
smiling I was like all that that was
route they really so bad before
something to get work or is it lot of
life hold on let me see
I smell over here we go there go over
there
all over there I don't know shit okay in
the meantime but it crazy for the truck
I can't tell you why find out when it
did ferment
oh you're good I don't know you're doing
really good one yes you do yes you do
yesterday okay did she does a really
good from that video manager alright
alright Qantas that guy sorry for the
alarm
no I don't know place is falling apart
no Larkin we're sure you're cool spot
yeah
although it does know kind of burned out
how did you get over here with children
at what the fuck all right places
everyone places
this Gladwell audio this is for geo
camera rolling scene two cats take one
alright so in the impression itself what
is your name and what is your best
impression uh yeah yeah okay so uh I did
you can feel alright yeah okay okay
uh and my best and freshest either is a
missus one okay big better this one on
that baby here bark
no luck you do that for a living
impressions are so hard
what'd you do that for a living what
that's how you started your career no we
created characters they're original
Lenny pecky off boy Mayweather
it's all fucked up I just a they're just
random people I just put together you
can I'll do the same thing that's her
point easy at it origines oh no I got
good around okay I ahead rely on for
pardon me
holy dude my while on that wrong oh yeah
seen two dogs take one alright so in the
impression itself what is your name and
your best impression
they say that it hurt give you the dog I
got a dog for that all right yeah all
right places and actually bars is my
name and my best impression don't
my impression best is Jonah I can't even
keep the sentence structure eyes all
right he's never even tried using others
lemon if I don't know that my name is
hard why you've never even done that why
would you decide today
I don't not another pleasure my heart is
like that in my call all friends Michael
come here okay what a result I ordered
something uh uh two weeks ago and it's
based off of a recent occurrence I had
nothing to do with this Michael I know
into this I looked online and alright
this is awesome but you know how every
time you need something you just call a
barbell and just grab it and you take it
hahaha oh I got a special I got a
special sign me
set up this all a DA and an HJ
regulations additional five band
compressor he's officially not allowed
in mobile and I came to anything are you
cannot play for someone that's not gonna
do it this I had nothing at all
I'm proud of that it's so good because I
know to you so you let me it's a far
okay for what I mean it right it's
acting right you borrowing is fine it's
when the sticky key no company no one
knows where everything else is I always
return everything good matter that's you
missing a few pens like what it asked
your huge will you get it where'd you
get it
or I got it unlike a custom sign calm or
something and then there's actual
regulation specs that you could click on
an island regulation no that's going to
go in the bargain and good now we're
changing colors into different team I
think I was the rest you're right yeah
yeah Josh no with the team is if you
mean you and love all your residue
awesome this is our team what's the next
game we're playing do you know do next
thing we're playing is your price is
right
oh let that speak Lear down different
case why so no one knows the game that
we're going to play the next thing
the way we're going to leave it grow
make us a prize we're gonna have it a
big surprise that way
people can crazy Josh is crazy taking
things into secrets that don't need to
be so we're playing the game price is
right and we got a change because we're
on the finishing no we're not giving
away the game they stopped to watch the
video to watch the game on the time what
game we're playing they're crazy
look at these motherfuckers they're
trying to kill me so this is a snack
table in case anyone gets hungry there's
oatmeal there's snack pop-tarts flamin
hot cheetos oh nice they have a healthy
version of n bake but the main thing is
they got all these funky bonus yes oh oh
my god I love meatball bars look how
fucking big that maple bars shoots in
this one oh my god strawberry
something god damn it yeah that looks so
fucking I got to close this box I don't
want to get stale that looks so fucking
delicious and I can't even have any of
this damage because of professional
dishes so originally we didn't we have a
green room but now that we do have a
green room they got these posters three
toasters even a coffee warmer a little
fruit stand and then over here they even
put um these are a little clock right
here just so we know what time it is the
whole time
they're doing a really good job and when
I say they I don't even know who they
are
I just know that they work for JK but
they're killing it and they're doing a
great job of setting this whole place up
making it feel really comfortable and
ready to shoot
oh we're on opposite teams were okay no
my when I had to behead that game was
hard this is fucking nuts
so I'm just showing taking a break in
between shoots and I'm on Instagram now
looking and I'm a big fan of sea otters
I think they're fucking cute until I saw
this video holy shit I got to show you
guys so watch I was on my phone and I
was looking at Instagram and look at
this fucking sea otter this school is
funky and vicious both good oh good oh
good okay
the school is literally devouring the
fuck out of a fish I thought they were
hella cute I did not know that
it would just destroy fish like that
holy shit that's fucking crazy
I will never look at the others the same
way ever again
we just finished eating lunch and guess
what the next challenges all my god hot
pepper challenge whose idea was this
Michael it was you your honor her lovely
wife was it babe she wanted you there
are you she's nowhere to be found
how nice running away from you right now
because she knows that what I say is the
truth how come you always want to put us
through torture Michael that's not true
this isn't my idea it wasn't actually
100% true it wasn't my idea
where's Geo I wanted you to be over town
liar liar you are longer challenge this
is so yummy yeah all right mm-hmm oh my
god I'm gonna do we're gonna share our
fucking brains up are you ready
babe this is your idea the pepper
challenge that was changing idea Michel
Seydoux is your idea I help case your
refine his brilliant is there your idea
well market you oh man are you ready for
this job
last time when I ate the jalapeno I was
like oh shit oh the only one that's wall
of it and I was like I can't do gross
shit but I think I could be spicy shit
because we're local I always did spicy
challenges with my friends but we just
stopped and then I couldn't eat try to
shit anymore
did you shoot your break up no it didn't
it didn't yeah spicy stuff usually
doesn't make me shit but it in I don't
need piping shit so we'll see yeah I'm
so scared cuz I don't know how far
they're gonna take it is it going to be
Anaheim chili pepper or is gonna be a
jalapeno or habanero or ghost pepper
fuck some of those peppers you just put
in your mouth and you just start crying
and then you're like sweating and then
you have snot coming out and it ears are
ringing I don't even know I'm kind of
scared and there's six teams to choose
from oh my
Casey did you game pestis did you try
any of your supper
you liar our fuck for sure thanks I know
paper sentence it out see who goes first
whoever does ghost goes first comes up
and they get to walk all the way up and
you'll get you be my model so pretend
you are Red Team regretting going first
why no take your pepper and you're going
to stand right behind that thing how
these things will be standing up upright
so there need blocking the place of
peppers are in place in front of the
signs so we won't be able to see the
side the peppers or what's in front of
it and so we set your blockades and
don't go past it and don't cheat on
don't I look over and try and guess
which one's the Knights pepper which is
a not-so-nice pepper and then they are
fake coffee but you know folks will like
play it for camera I can hand it up for
camel open all right feeling the energy
I'm so unlucky and I'm going to pig
number three and then we're going to cut
all right you're going to return back to
your seat and then your eyes will be
closed we're going to bring out a fiscal
platter of peppers like three of your
teammates will be eating oh how many
peppers are we eating dinner for all
eating as a team you're eating it one
other be three plated for you
oh very every round every round whoever
it gets to eat if it's if it's uh if
it's uh yeah used to separate everything
let me go some water dude so we all
finish the entire pepper we can just
take one bite all right so the way the
pepper is you do not have to finish the
whole pepper if you want to be a hero
looking at you looking at you you can
finish it but how much wrong what we
want you to do is commit for one solid
bite now this is the problem with that
it's all these most of these peppers
actually just one bite only anyways so
you're probably going to be eating the
whole pepper what is the other youtubers
do they eat the whole fucking day
and overall I don't like because it's so
slicing your face that letting you can't
hide an exampie you can deny that it's
happening and the why is the challenge
is obviously your your thermal Army's
burning and so there's no reasons to act
it or anything like that it's probably
gonna happen naturally so we saw some
ice water
oh god I already feel like much but hole
is pulsating right now because it's
going to get ready for the shitstorm
later on alright so we just did the
ultimate pepper challenge we all got
fucked this is the aftermath I'm not
going to tell you what exactly happened
because you got to watch the video on
Jake a party but Michael is a down ass
motherfucker and he is down to try a
ghost pepper which is fucking spicy and
it was one of the spiciest ones here
know for a million there you go alright
go 1 2 3 1 million scovilles whole shit
miami are you going to swallow it just
milk right there awesome your bread
right there was it I swallow that how to
Michael your fucking down did oh you
didn't have to fucking down like up holy
shit you didn't have to do it
the pain doesn't go away yeah it doesn't
go away ha it just keeps coming at you
you're like what the fuck it does it it
doesn't go away for some reason here in
the zone oh fuck Michael you're fuckin
down dude holy shit anybody else want to
try a kiss
it is like bugnah want man
Oh awesome
oh yeah because you're so helpless
there's nothing you can do it just takes
over and it keeps hurting more and more
and more and more and more dude you
don't even have to do that you're
fucking down man no I'm not gonna I'm
not gonna put that sign up that sign up
so that you get the coven at any time
yeah
so it brings everyone together so sad
pregnant I couldn't do it so I feel like
I there was like this rite of passage
that I couldn't do with my team I feel
so left out even though I'm happy I
didn't do it it I just feel like fuck so
gonna be like I don't have to bond with
my team well when the baby comes all you
have plenty of chastity goes pepper
yeah I know what you mean yeah it's like
going through shit together like do your
heavy press meeting you can't pick that
Rick you're bending down dude
holy shit so many better ways because
when people suffer together this just
like
my hair and quad or just good Michael it
was done yeah I felt bad I couldn't do
it with you guys I really do
I felt so awkward standing there being a
host just watching a software yeah cuz I
just felt like father I want to go
through it with you guys I really do um
I mean I don't because I don't want to
suffer but I do because that's just what
the team is doing you know so I just
felt like I was not a team player
it sucks I felt like walking off because
I'm like these playing clubs to witness
my friends according to this shit
