good morning I am at barbell right now
supposed to train this morning but I had
JK party air in to do I had a lot of
prostitute care of and I thought it was
good it was pleasing as Brickton workout
so instead of a workout I will eat a
doughnut it's okay I'm going to train
later on tonight but exciting news we
are meeting with basic agencies which is
an agency that's going to help us expand
and mark it and make sure that we have a
cohesive brand because that's what I'm
looking for to demote and the rest of
the day is just me training at night
which never happened so let's go
I think there's a train but everyone
else is training so we have evidence
sniffing here I'm supposed to say what
said but I got really with you I'm just
having a flagger here why I was really
gonna get him looking so bad because if
something called anyway
one
what about your but give me your foot
the one
hahaha and he is like so like why
couldn't you come on you're like low bar
hey are you famous for getting famous
I am so is the Dean rolling out or a
cute bag or a perfect learning move you
saw me
that I am when you're pregnant oh you're
dead like a soul mom I have he told me
to say that remember we're talking we
were talking in the office and then
Emmett comes out to be ask you like do
you think the ocean will talker have
okay guys so it is 1224 am just got home
um I ended up going to the gym had a not
so good workout um I went at a time that
I don't normally go
and if you've trained and gotten
accustomed to a certain type of training
schedule that any time you train outside
of that time frame it just feels a
little bit funny you feel like you're
leverages might be a little bit off I
know it's all mental um well actually
it's not all mental because you actually
feel a little bit physically more tired
so for example I like to train in the
morning if I select that's one on the
sharpest the freshest the most rested if
you will my wine is a little bit clearer
I'm not thinking about too many things
the gym is actually not as busy as other
times of the day so everything's a
little bit more peaceful a bit more
serene it becomes kind of meditative but
today since we had to meet with basic
agency a marketing agency that I
mentioned earlier um my schedule just
kind of got a little bit jumbled up so
just felt a little bit odd but I still
made it a point to train which I think
was very important anytime you fell off
I think it's still very important to get
the work done take care of yourself
feel good afterwards even if it means
having the shittiest workout at least
you put in the work so that's what I did
today it wasn't a shitty workout but I
just didn't go on the speed or the rate
that I have been going these past couple
months my body did feel a little bit
weird so I did listen to it for sure and
I just took it slow I made sure I
completed all my sets and all my
exercises that were prescribed for me
for today but I just took it really
really slow um because at the end of the
day the most important thing is of
course staying healthy staying fit but
now I'm thinking of this baby
so I am that's priority number one but
with all that said and done I didn't
want to close out this vlog without
doing something really cool and um Italy
I've been posting a little bit more than
usual on my Instagram and I've been a
little bit more maybe you haven't
noticed but for myself I feel like I've
been in a lot of more of an open book on
my Instagram and check out I usually
treated it as you know memory that I
wanted to share with myself or just
things that I didn't want to forget so I
would post them on Facebook what am I
talking about most because I would post
them on Instagram that's of late I'm
trying to connect a little bit more with
you guys so to continue that fat I also
want to do that here so actually want to
open a couple of your DMS because I get
a lot of DMS from you guys and I love
them but it's quite unfortunate that I
don't get to go through all of them and
I do read your comments where you're
like hey I know you get a lot of dances
of policemen check mine out and as much
as I would love to sometimes I just Tom
does not permit for me you know but
today's your lucky day because I am
going to open up three random messages
so let's see what I got here
is my internet down is up what's going
on here my face would do that but I yeah
excuse me Oh what's going on
aha here we go bottom up so I'm going to
pick the first three at random it might
be super old son might be super new so I
am just here let's just scroll our life
away scroll it all right I'm picking
this at random and dick
open open okay fine allow all right what
the heck
Oh literally it does oh nevermind
so it says he once said after three or
four years Bart you started to have
doubts and worries about the
relationship how did you overcome these
how do you overcome the fear that tries
to tell you he is not the one even
though he surely is love you damn I
think I just opened one of the most
complicated messages ever um how can I
simplify this so I can't I'm not a pro
when it comes to relationships I don't
have all the answers I know this is from
my personal experience but um that's
like how do I put my personal experience
and then give some really meaningful
advice like I'm the worst at giving
advice but um I guess for me it just
took a lot of trials and tribulations
and up the end of the day the fact that
you know we had our ups and downs and I
was completely free because you know I
feel like near financially stable it's a
form of freedom so in that aspect I was
free to do as I wished however something
just kept me there you know and
ultimately I realized that it my heart
that kept me there so um I guess just
look at your situation and see why you
really was this person because for me at
that time I really didn't have any real
obligate like we didn't have a kid
together we didn't have the businesses
together yet we didn't really have much
um together other than just you know the
promises of loving one another so
yeah I didn't mean because my heart
didn't want me to leave and I'm so glad
that I did it because yeah nothing is so
thank you for that complicated ask
question hope that was able to help okay
next question two of us go whoops I've
messed up and then go back in here I
clearly don't know how to Instagram okay
here's this one holy crap you guys read
up see all right can you see this
so it says heal congrats on your baby
can't believe that you are preggos I
mean I've watched you since I was in the
seventh grade and I am in 10th grade
well gia I just wanted to say that you
and Bart will be amazing parents when I
am feeling down you're the jakey squad
would make me crack up oh I am more than
positive that you Bart and the JV squad
will help your baby in good and bad
times I wish you luck and I'll cut it
short
PS save every moment you can as kids
grow really fast all that is so cute
because you still call yourself a kid
that is so cute um well thank you that
was very flattering I'm very happy that
I opened up your message and I was able
to connect with you even though it
wasn't real time um you definitely made
me feel very appreciated and I hope I
can make you feel very appreciated um I
was very nice of a very nice message and
I I don't know like I'm right there with
you I can't believe I'm quite close
either and I do agree 100% at the JK
squad and the BB squad the barbell
Brigade squad they're going to be
amazing role models for this baby of
mine I'm just so happy and fortunate
that I have such wonderful motivated
inspirational positive beautiful souls
in my
life just because it's like a whole
bunch it took a like each person is a
wealth of knowledge you know so I
definitely want my kid exposed to every
single one of these people in my life
because they're going to learn so much
and they're going to be such beautiful
people when they grow up because of the
people in the JK and the Divi Squad so I
agree with you 100% when you step up um
and thank you thank you so much for
believing in us and thank you for the
great piece of advice that kids grow up
fast I remember telling my mom that all
the time cuz I'm you know growing up you
don't really appreciate your parents
because you're just growing and you have
hormones and your imbalance and you want
to be cool but you're not really cool
you're not yelling when you're not old
so you're just as fucked up teen right
and I just remember um not being able to
communicate and connect with my parents
just because I think it was mainly just
because of the generation gap I remember
telling my parents you better you better
be nice to me because I'm not going to
be a kid forever I hope they're
appreciating me um it was such an
asshole thing to say at that time but it
was something that was very true and
something my mom always told me to kids
are never yours like your children are
never yours to keep she's like it's so
cute but she would say it's they're only
here they're only lent to you because
she's basically saying you raise them
and give birth to them you do the best
you can and then they go off and they
start their own family so he is that
they go off so I agree with you 100% for
a tenth grader you are very wise you
have a very bright future ahead of you I
have no doubt so thank you so much for
that beautiful message and on to the
last last last one of tonight here we go
let's go with
uh sorry it's because this thought focus
turns online okay here we go and let's
go oh this would oh yeah I saw this
little creepy video well I don't think
it was that creepy it's cute depending
on who you ask
though it's basically a girl who finds
out she's pregnant and then this is the
baby and you're basically in the mindset
of the baby that's in the room some
people found it creepy I found it kind
of cute cuz at the end here the baby's
like I can't wait to meet you mom so I
don't know I thought that was super cute
some people were like that's creepy
that's so cringy but I don't know maybe
because I'm going through it now and I
feel um I see me growing and I read all
this left up you know how my baby is
developing and whatnot so I feel like I
already have this connection even though
I've never met this person I thought it
was really cute but maybe I would think
it's a little bit cringy if I wasn't in
the situation that I am Alex I'm like
wow that's creepy get a grip mom but
that's just because I was ignorant but
now that I'm not let me restate that but
now that I'm pregnant and a little bit
less ignorant to within that whole realm
I think it's cute I think it's really
cute I think I would like to think that
my baby can't wait to me so it's a cute
little happy thought and what's wrong
with positive thoughts you know I feel
like at least being on YouTube we're
always so surrounded and so quick to get
judged or judge that I think anytime we
can focus on a little bit of positivity
that can definitely go a long way and it
makes for a really good day so on that
little positive tidbit this was a lot of
fun I really like to connecting with you
guys I'll try to do this once a week I
really enjoyed it this was really really
really cool and I know I said all the
time but this one was a little bit
different for me just because I did it
by myself so this is
really nice so thank you guys for the
DMS keep those coming um you never know
when I'm like when I might read it and
I'm so glad that I do read it see this
is beautiful
athlete is super supportive you guys
love me I love you guys I learned so
much from you guys so please don't stop
interacting with me I'll try my very
best interact back but with all that
being said thank you so much for
spending the day with me I hope you
enjoyed my vlog I can't wait to read
your comments until next time good night
if you can't tell I'm dying I'm dying
over here
bye
