all right so I am in route to get my
hair done and after my hair isn't that
I'm going to go to Ren's birthday party
first my hair I'm at the salon the
crystals gonna Salvage my hair cuz all
of this part was over processed and look
at all of short-sighted so I was
thinking of cutting it all off but she
was like no don't do that we can get off
no budget so I think she's gonna do like
a bob were doing and then she says she
recommends that I goes darker than my
turn so I'm the least my space with my
hair in her hand we could open to be
done
haha just got home what do you think I
went darker just let it come up my hair
get healthy again so bad and damaged so
nothing but evening out on the highlight
making it darker coz every time I have a
lighter have to bleach it and that's
what messes up the hair so home or
hasn't seen it yet
he's scary what
I can't pan anymore because he's naked
why'd you scare me I just get all your
help lady part
that's very nice mother liar Mama's fine
yeah you look like a really hot school
counselor that's horrible an old lady I
said a really uh how come girls why did
I tell me this why do girls always focus
on the wrong shit this I said she looks
like a really hot and I was like you
look like a really hot like school cause
uh yes school counselors like an altered
age is really hard but that's an old
position so you're saying you look
really hot for an old person no I'm just
plain it isn't like you look like a
Victoria's Secret model no no the
torcida model her hair oh so he says I
look really hot for an old position yes
know what I said I said Martha why we
gotta pay attention I said that you look
very hot like the counselors I used to
have a crush on there are all those are
not all what old people have their hair
their young counselors counselors are
like ignited 40
not all the time I have some young
calluses and they were hot now he's just
trying to save his ass uh-huh mmm not
the reaction I was hoping for
I told you it looks very nice thank you
that was very very nice long thing okay
ain't looks good
Monica I come across where I'm not I'm
so sorry Miller you promised mObridge
image all sad no I'm just tired now the
damage to your net don't figure mom so
we were in route to go to wrens birthday
party
and in going to her birthday party we
had everything set it was a 40 minute
drive
we were like less than 10 minutes away
from her house and then I looked at the
President on left thinking oh man
Bart picked it up um he probably forgot
to take off the tie specs you know
that's the last thing you want people
know when you buy them something and he
probably left the piece of receipt in
there so I pulled the bag like so and
then I go babe where to get receipt and
then you said all of ours wait where's
the gift box because I asked them a
little for this one no you didn't do
that you were 30 cent you brought this
ball bag well you brought this ball back
because we moderate jackets oh that's a
big bag and then I look and I'm like
guys it's all green and I pulled it out
and in fact I did bring freaking small
bags I look inside and nothing inside is
green
everything is great what green is just
seize it
ah and it sucks now because it's about
like eight o'clock it's a 40-minute
drive we're probably not going to get in
till 9 p.m. it's the worst thing ever
and I'm so far I'm so sorry
um it was actually my fault that I
didn't even remember to bring it though
you're doing me a favor
and subside you did a back break but I
know we were rushing out the door and I
saw on the forum like oh my god popper
forgot eggs I saw green it got the bags
oh my god from the pictures of the
military green that's a little bit
doctor that yes when I just pulled a
spot look like it and I'm like cool
let's get out of here so yeah we're on
our way back home
pick up the handprint sorry red
alright so Bart and I just made an
executive decision that it's so stupid
and it doesn't make sense for us to
drive 40 minutes back home to get a
present when all rent really probably
cares about is just being our stupid
faces at her birthday party right yeah I
think like as friends what they really
want is just us to be there and hang out
and so I think more friends it doesn't
make sense that the birthday party's
over and this guy shows up and has a
present I think what they really wanted
we're all there hanging out and that's
more important than the stupid presence
or we're going to turn this car around
go back and hang out and hopefully
people are still there and the party's
not over and then maybe tomorrow we can
personally deliver the present
requirement F times Laura says I have to
do family but I am going to call her
right now
and let her know the situation so she
doesn't think we're late for being
police all right calling right then a
domestic call leave a message and a
callback number and I'll try to get back
to your soon as possible thank you all
right
you didn't answer our phone calls
probably because you got a party
auditors and she's bonded with people so
okay I'll just shoot her a text and
apologize and we're on our way to see
red you're actually the weird guide into
answering a phone call at a party that
is that's fucking weird
we're so stupid we don't know what to do
with people
we call them when they're partying we
think they really care about they what
the fuck is wrong with us I don't know
it was a good intention but it's like
the Nerds I want to bone the hot girl
you know like yes good intentions and he
wants to take her out on a date but just
comes off so fucking thirsty and it
scares the hot girl away it's a horrible
example cause it's motive is just bones
so all guys motors are Capone time okay
we're coming to see you red alright so
we just arrived to Rennes birthday party
house and we are going to park enjoy
ourselves however because we are trying
to bond with our our staff outside of
work we want to make sure that we can
provide one hundred one hundred and
forty percent of our attention so Bart
and I made another executive decision
and we decided that it wouldn't be the
best idea to vlog at a birthday party
because it will take us away from
bonding with our friends so for that
we're going to leave you guys just for a
little bit and the Matteson so have it
really um we were gonna just show
everyone hanging out which we always do
and we have like barbecues and cake - no
sauce and potlucks but because we have
been so busy we realized that we really
lost out on like the family aspect of
our friends but we consider our friends
family right but when you get so busy
things become so efficient it ends up
being like yeah your dad your dad but if
he really your dad if he doesn't show up
to all the games of that year and all
he's doing is providing food on the
table then your dad doesn't really
select your dad anymore you know so
that's what we realized is we consider
everyone family and of course if there's
an emergency we all be there for each
other but the thing is were not there
for each other on the day-to-day stuff
and that's the thing that we're really
trying to make an effort to improve on
so we won't be vlogging because you just
want to connect and bond and in all
fully the next time we'll be able to
vlog I know you guys like hanging out
with this beautifully said I couldn't
have said it better and I for sure
would've said better than that so we'll
see you in a little bit
in my hair this was the packet that told
you about shit I offer though there's
like gift box I didn't even see that
gift box I am a fucking loser wow I've
been asking for gift boxes forever I
just asked them for it and they give
this to me
Thank You Lululemon for finally stepping
up her game I've been asking you guys
for years to give me a gift box from you
has never had one but damn this is nice
crazy night and this is the jacket I got
for rent it's this crop top crop taught
me by that we got for rent oh we got for
ending goes up to here and then the
please are longer and it's really nice
like all of the lemon stuff and this one
is called the f4 this jacket we designed
this lightweight jacket with lots of
storage option yeah if you need more
storage options those are the hood in
here also like you know Bartle is really
cold in the morning yeah so I figure in
a jacket all the time yes well she could
have one back yet hold up in here should
put her a Metamucil in here and she put
her dentures in here I think it would
all fit really nicely I want to kind of
joke where the jokes creepin well
because the joke is that she's a grandma
bar belt so she has a lot of grandma
being like our hair curlers goin here Oh
he'd be here the only one that keeps
that joke up I am not the only one
everyone look at the text even the Texas
the grandma of barbell is having her
birthday and I did not write that fine
but this is what we forgot so we're
going to personally deliver this
tomorrow she told me she's going to be
at the gym at that party this is going
to be that 11:00 so we'll parley drop it
off nice alright so we just got home I'm
going to eat some fruits some EMF fruits
that I got today
we've been children in the fridge
and after that I think we're gonna get
ready for bed and knock the fuck out of
this is this a half-eaten red mango is
it mine
yeah you just threw it in there oh yeah
that's mine we're gonna stick your
finger in it let me taste taste testing
gross what I'm paying fine well he's a
needed red mango I'm gonna eat my mangos
just kidding I don't have any goes my
fruit then we're gonna get ready to go
to sleep because I am exhausted
I never realized making a human could
take such a toll on the female body
shout out to all my moms out there you
guys are fucking goddesses in my eyes
ever since having to create a baby it's
not easy you think we just I just happen
but it's not I don't know why I'd look
like I'm drunk I'm just really exhausted
there's so much internal shit going on
and there's so much juice and life
getting sucked out of you mothers out
there kids did a great job keep up the
great work
