good morning beautiful people I am in
our JP green room and I always say this
it's not very green at all and today we
are just shooting a JK party all day and
that's basically it there's actually to
be three challenges that we're coming
today
unfortunately I can't play one of the
final challenges and that's because it's
an eating challenge it is gummy versus
real life that's when we're shooting and
if you don't know how to play that
challenge you can look it up but I'll
tell you basically there's a gummy
version so like how come you worm and
then there's a real worm and then you
have to eat one or the other and which
you're going to get that's what you
don't know and that's what makes the
game fun
so being preggos right here you can
imagine why I can't eat that stuff so
much work worm so we are about to play
the first gave us today I don't know I
always have an itchy face tonight and
the camera on but this is an early
morning there's not really batteries
because we always wake up at this time
for energy but people tend to sleep late
or whatever it's early in the morning so
it's kind of hard to jump there's a
high-energy stuff so we are going to
play a practice round so right now
everyone's just kind of waiting before
the practice we're on starts so we had
Walter Gina we have the Joe we have the
Byron and then we have the who the hell
is this you guys my name is Vicki oh oh
it's Ezekiel five minutes ago with
Elijah Elijah Ezekiel got it and then we
have the Julia and then we've got the
then we had a bot over there the bot
gonna take a picture
I think I fit all right so we are on our
lunch break and I forgot to order lunch
so I am on link right now to go get some
lunch like a loser because I forgot so I
quickly alright so I'm back at the
office and I finally decided what to eat
and you guys are going to laugh at me
but I got to explain what so the first
thing that I got was some Korean orange
chicken and it's warm came with white
rice not too bad not too bad not too bad
and then because I still have my sushi
craving I needed some sort of thick I
needed something where I'm like Oh give
me something that kind of resemble so as
you please so for that I got Korean
style sushi which is not really sushi
it's more kimbap and I had to check the
ingredients the ingredient is cobalt
whatever the hell that is
yellow radish a carrot imitation okay
okay this is the part that had me
cracking up because I am NOT about
perpetuating stereotypes but
perpetuating their super pet your pet
reading at all I'm not about
perpetuating stereotypes but instead of
writing imitation crab
they wrote imitation collab CV I should
see that hold on
hold on need to focus you guys do it it
literally says blabble higher come on
buddy
it says whack imitation clap so I
thought that was funny and I'm still
binging on it so I got some you need
kitty
Unni he D with beef so I don't know if
it's raw beef or cooked beef but I never
know if it's gonna be good
but again I'm China I'm trying to get
this sushi fix and then there's another
Japanese stand next to the Korean stuff
and I saw that they had a California
roll with imitation crab and I can eat
imitation crab I could eat it look at
that so of course I'm going to eat this
first
I'm at the violence I'm so so so excited
oh not that you have this fixed mount
bear how does it feel oh my god it's
definitely it cannot compare to like
sashimi or than just raw fish kind of
sushi or actual fish are actually to not
ever compare yeah but fans of soy sauce
- wasabi the rice the seaweed even the
freaking imitation crabbing that is just
so I'm so happy right now that I can
only pretend like I can eat sushi what
part of it do you like the most
all of it all of the flavors combined in
my mouth right now are awesome there you
go funny I'm so happy because California
rules I like the high end of sushi but
no anything can happen I don't know oh
I'm starting on my chicken suit I really
meant it cuz I got some butt and that's
him my buddy was blizzard of green
that's not I know that's right I said
it's not goofy but when she closest to
it up until I solve it somewhat oh I
think I might eat just like everyday
sorry cutie
got a prohibition without giving
anything away what did your mouth feel
like work
yep my mouth is more feels like it's
been slapped beat up gasoline poured
over and then a snail leaving a snail
trail all over my tongue that's what it
feels like did you almost throw up it
was not it was out not gorilla no I
almost threw up like 20 times
my what minimize that's a success so
they just played their last JK party in
which I can participate in because it
involves creating giving some items that
I become pregnant cannot consume so
fortunately but fortunately throw my
fingers no smell is there's nothing else
nothing oh god why not like but just
about play with vagina the whole time
well I can't wait to guys so I should
take a party video it is fucking nun and
Gina will be here what were you saying
about the video without giving anything
away about the video what would I say
about it for the first time actually I'm
sorry not the first time one of the few
times ever I actually died while
watching them and I'm so glad I didn't
have to participate and I can actually
watching the sidelines for the first
time I am so blessed today and I feel so
lucky must go buy a lottery ticket I
don't have to go through that shit well
last time to your defense you had to eat
dog food twice this is worse than dog
food I would even dog food five times
over just to not hear this one like this
one was beyond fucked up like someone in
here is gonna die Celinda yeah it was
fucked up like really fucked up even
Josh Josh always has like the stomach of
Steel
how are you know what is God usually for
most of the challenges that we do it's
nothing about really testing at all but
I feel like this one challenge is the
one challenge that and push me to my
limit nice and how did you know you
write your limit what did you limit and
what does that feel like I keep singer
write down your life like that I can't
do that that's it's the way through
training and I just get grossed out and
as you could see uh I'm still I'm
drained I'm emotionally drained from
there got it yeah got it
well there you have it from the cast
especially Josh has never afraid of
anything he was not having it this time
I cannot wait for you guys to see this
my night is coming to an end and
randomly we had an idiot moving stuff
around in our barbel office but randomly
we finished shooting Jake a party a
little bit sooner than expected so we
started to move today so we got a table
in here and it's this table looks
familiar
you're correct because it used to be
here and in that section that I just
showed you guys we're going to some
really fun stuff with three wreath
decoration and I can't wait to show you
guys in the future but my desk used to
be here and now it's here so I ran out
of time for today
I'm completely exhausted so McCulloh
tonight and finish the redecorating shit
tomorrow but so far I like it so far I
like it but it's already stressing me
out because it's a mess and I'm just
like I want to clean it I want to clean
that I want comunit
I'll forego sleep because this baby is
making me a grandma so I'm going to go
home because I think it's like 9:00 and
the 30 almost my bed because I go to
some so early now so we'll go home relax
and knock out
girl now that you little baby in it
finally home I love you with these cute
little fur balls got oh how you like a
fitted oh we love your bed
can you guess who was there the meatball
Sakuni little meatloaf some plum now
took a shower and feel so much better I
was having a slight headache before but
that went away I had a yummy bowl of
cereal and now sing I'm gonna go to bed
I'm pretty exhausted making a baby is no
joke good night love y'all
stay positive be healthy see you
tomorrow
