guess where we are
good morning guys so we are at another
appointment for taiga this time it says
four months checkup which means he's
gonna get shots today and I hope he
doesn't cry as much I've been reading up
on different techniques that mom must do
when they're to distract their babies
when they're getting their shots one mom
was like I blow on her face so I might
try to blow onto his face and see if
that distracts him from like the pain so
that he doesn't cry so that he's just
like a prick I would what why what's
going on so we'll see how that goes
his dad's trying to take a picture of
him right now and my little bit is naked
little babies naked he just got weighed
and they took his temperature and then
his height this is height he marks it
here - where's other piece all the way
down here I do feel the heights kind of
inaccurate because I remember them
saying here's 27 inches last time but
this time is 26 and a half so it could
be because of the curvature of the bench
that didn't account for oh who knows but
as his weight is a 17 pounds and 11
ounces so almost 18 pounds hey you Oh
monster baby you a monster baby oh hi
does nipples hide I'm like if I don't
don't show anybody does yeah so we're
just waiting on his pediatrician so that
she can do his checkup hopefully he gets
to or she tells us that he gets he can
start eating baby cereal so it's not
like human cereal it's more like think
of like clumpy or not as lumpy oatmeal
aggress like grits yeah yeah yeah that's
what it looks like and it's a little bit
more runny um so that's the baby cereal
he'll probably start on I hope he can
start that today and then I hope that we
can up the ounces that he's
because what happened alright so his
pediatrician just saw him and says he's
filling and he's doing a great job which
means that's his parents are doing a
great job
she's very encouraging she's very
positive so she's always like you guys
are doing a great job so it makes me
feel really really good you can't leave
him unattended I can't seek a role and
one really cool thing that she gave us
is that so we're gonna put tyka on a
sleeping schedule now and this is for
all you newbie parents out there that
are following our journey and learning
from us this is a really cool thing to
do because she says now that he's hid
the way that he has like it's okay if he
doesn't eat you know multiple times a
night she's like all we're gonna do is
what she called it during feeding which
is only feeding him one time a night and
he needs to learn how to self-soothe
meaning we're not rocking him to sleep
or putting him to sleep when he's the
fullest he's gonna put himself to sleep
so all we're gonna do is we're gonna be
like okay it's his bedtime he's
obviously gonna be tired
we're gonna lay him down of course he's
gonna cry but now this is when it comes
in we're gonna for the first time he
cries were gonna wait two minutes before
we check up on him second time he cries
we're gonna wait four minutes until we
check up on him um and then little by
little he's gonna understand that hey I
got this I'm not feeling right but it's
okay I'm gonna make it he might cry but
then it's gonna click in there that nope
alright I'm gonna go back to sleep and
hopefully we can extend it sleeping for
a lot longer and I'm looking forward to
that
are you think up are you yeah he says
he's super healthy you are I know I'm
super healthy you really big boy killing
it but this is the thing I'm the most
excited about the former part now is
we're waiting for
to get his shots so he gets his shots at
two months four months and six months so
now he's got to get it last time we were
here he got three shots this time he's
only getting two shots which is okay so
is the hardest for me because I I hate
seeing my boy in pain but it's good for
him it's gonna help you ready for the
shots baby yeah okay you look fly though
can we just can we take a moment to uh
to just check out how handsome my
husband is Wow Wow look at that don't
get any bright ideas buddy
don't turn oh I missed your turn do it
again he's gonna turn okay baby crying
over there
you did such a good job he just got his
shots by the blowing technique he was
just confused
okay he was confused where is this air
than the pain because of the prick where
are you no but you did a picture for
doesn't we're done did you get your
angry now we're gonna change you're
gonna be tired and you might have a
fever because of the shots but it's okay
cuz you're getting any bad you get
started getting bigger you can they said
you can eat pure seventeen pounds of
baby you are still working job so we are
back 2018 first JK news of the year we
got in the botton the David the Tiffany
the Julia the Ryan in there and then
we've got the Joe in the NJ jacket
oh shit and what's even crazier because
it never happens down here and this is
rare footage guys I know you guys have
never seen this before especially those
of you that live in LA but the ground is
wet you know why the ground is wet
because it's coming from the sky hey
that is so rare look at this free car
wash and we're not used to this I know
everyone else in the rest of the world
is like what the fuck it's just rain but
you have to understand we've been in a
drought we don't get the diesel work
this is rare like we're in January now
and it shouldn't be raining right but
it's raining which is cool for us also
cuz on we have a bunch of beaches and
like from the beaches like maybe an hour
to a way we got mountains so when it's
rendered down hey or guess what's
happening up there in the mountains snow
but I don't know how that applies to the
beaches I guess you just can't use the
beaches but yeah this is rare that this
very rare but this very good to be back
and not to see this face though like a
motherfuck good yeah of course I love me
I love talking love me I don't make I
love me no she fucks up all day today do
her English is terrible and I wasn't
born here look at his mouth there it is
yeah you guys want to see what happens
when people get blowjobs
can we see uh her outfit then this
actually might be pretty fucking cute
though can we give the viewers a little
bit about what's going on because people
want to know what you're wearing because
they want to be fly as fuck to let's go
from the top so the bit straighten your
hair okay yeah look an extra smooth and
silky ass but can we talk about that
three silver earrings on the ear right
there oh uh so it's just one earring and
it's all combined and I have it on the
side too but I just wanted to mix and
match a little bit fucks with it and can
I say also fit with you is going quite
well can we give them a little spin it
is it's going better yeah look at that
though
better look at that side view right
there you see that right there people
happening slowly that's right
Kaizen training this is what it does for
you even if you're pregnant don't make
excuses like David so that's why I'm not
their mascot now can we talk about the
shirt where'd you get that from oh okay
and it's a it's a body suit so it's
clipped down here
nice high-waisted jeans I fuck with it
oh yeah yeah yeah I wish the jeans
they're a little bit spanic see a little
bit stretchy I drop it at the bottom
just to make it look a little bit cute
and then some boots love the outfit
thank you smoking nice did you see did
you see Bart outfit though oh yeah can
we get that real quick go yo real talk
I'm gonna just put it out there right
now by the way this is my channel now in
2018 they are putting effort into the
way that they look now it's very
important because they're very busy they
have a kid
they have multiple businesses but that
doesn't mean that you can't put effort
into yourselves so can we look at my
brother Bart and Quan
can you give them a little bit of
pizzazz about what's going on with them
right now what's what's going on with
this bit everything is everything is a
brand it's all branded Pendleton look at
that shit can you show them the fucking
elbow patches that classic elbow patch
look right there so a teacher real right
there yes right we're talking about that
hat we're talking about those dope jeans
the other stretchy they're comfy aren't
that that's Pendleton - no no this is a
G's star I just came across it's all
really good
she starts pretty good yeah I didn't
know about them but then the hell up
they're really popular in Asia but tell
them about the Levi's and how many oh I
fucked up this side the other day I went
to go buy Levi's and I found one series
I'm okay
dressed nice this year so I bought like
seven pairs I'm okay this is gonna be
good
I told them don't believe us I'm on
seven pairs I found the series and then
I went to g-star and I tried one pair on
I'm like these are way better those
fucking Levi's so I got seven pairs of
Levi's on Hawaii more you can't return
them soon as I get closer watch it okay
so I like to wash clothes immediately
cuz I don't know how many motherfuckers
tried that shit on so I try and wash all
of it on fuck's up I give it to my
nephews or something
type 2018 Levi's because they're finding
a good fit is very difficult for me yeah
you how can we take you seriously look
like Joe can we talk about your she'll
kill me talk about your food today too
please okay so today I'm wearing Michael
Jackson red thriller jacket oh and these
are under under harder no I forgot what
guy oh wait I got it a oh there's a
flagship Under Armour store that has all
the newest and coolest stuff in Glendale
yeah and it's very hard for me to find
cuts I think what I try to do is find
things that fit and their ridiculous
clothes but I'm not sure but you should
like look up to for fashion at all yeah
out of a 1 out of 10 scale what do you
give is outfit uh like for jokes oh no
for real life get rid of the jacket I'm
wearing this because it's cold and I
don't have a jacket today it's a promo
shirt but I like the cut oh it's a cheap
shirt it's not a good like I'd give them
like a it's just a black shirt but it
has jumper 6
ok ok woman 80 matters okay Emily I
didn't I didn't dress to impress today
okay who you're all film what you're
filming when did we ever care how he
looked like until like yesterday
we went through phases those the time of
me and Joe will I dressed up for
everything
yes I remember wearing the workout
clothes as regular clothes got so
comfortable inconvenient you know what
you know whose fault that is that's your
fault because you introduced athleisure
the word athleisure so I think once you
introduced the word athleisure he was
like oh it's a fashion trend yep
oh if I got dressed up and my boys are
dressed up before that Dickey shirt and
then you're brighter yeah the brighter
me Joe or dick each other we went to the
San Diego Film Festival I saw David I'm
like fuck fashion is important but
comfort is even more important for you
guys you guys have a fashion brand I
don't I care about fashion but sometimes
when you got to work in a pussy already
got at home
campaign idea were like hey farmers all
about family all about teamwork
so we have 18
everything was apartment
comes together
relationship and
wrong and just wearing every single
January we have everybody here in from
Bryce the Jacobs all the gyms down
everyone that works in the corporate law
you know what's up boom I just realized
how multicultural
we literally have everything we got and
I Middle Eastern five black guy white
guy Asian girl black I've
Oh
people
first place
it's Boise our
now we're all together actually really
good
with its work schedule
all those work schedules
even more so everybody just like
the gym shoe right now we just finished
the whole company shoot that's I'm not
pretty cool now all the departments are
dispersed but it's gonna continue stop I
am so hungry this is a Vietnamese
chicken salad all right so we're home
now and this pork baby was been crying
all day
stuff kind of being fussy just because
of the shots you can even see it in his
eyes they're the best fool my baby
doesn't feel good yeah if you have a
fever oh I'm sorry oh listen I'm sorry
baby
I'm sorry all right
just got home I'm gonna spend some time
bonding with my kid and then I'll check
in with you guys in a little bit all
right guys so the boy is down I wasn't
able to vlog him much after I tore
doesn't a bond with him because he was
just crying so much he's I think he's I
don't know feeling the effects of the
VEX I'm not gonna eat that other what
snack does that another odd for you this
this yeah I put Ricky's medicine in
these if you have a dog and you need to
give them medication I highly recommend
pill pockets cuz it's the easiest thing
ever and you don't have to like rummage
through your refrigerator to try to find
food to hide the pill in that they're
problems I'm just gonna eat around and
then spit out the pill so I do this for
Big E here Briggs ready not the watch
sure cuz soon as you start you see an
all gone cuz as soon as she starts
chewing it then sometimes the pill comes
out she'll spit it up but yeah what I
was saying was I think he's just feeling
a side effects of the vaccine and his
leg was getting really sore I'm assuming
cuz why don't I get the flu shot my
whole muscle feels really really sore so
I feel like he's feeling the same stuff
so he was just crying and Bart and I
were trading off like okay you take him
now I'll take up and you take I mean
we're just trying to like soothe him and
comfort him um but he was tired coupled
being hungry and the side effects of the
vaccine so I just decided to put him to
bed I think was the best decision ever
because he's been out now for maybe
almost an hour oh yeah for exactly an
hour look at him
poor baby
I think the bummer is gonna be tomorrow
for him because the first time you got
vaccines was at two months cuz kids get
him to four in six months and then one
more time I think like four years or
something
um but all of these vaccines prevent him
from getting any crazy sicknesses or
diseases or whatever um so yeah when he
got his two-month shots he was okay the
day of and he was just being fussy kind
of like today but then the day after is
when the the fever kicks in so that's
not gonna be fun tomorrow the poor baby
is gonna be just so lethargic and so sad
but hopefully now because he's bigger
his body took the vaccine better because
it's not the first time so kind of
crossing my fingers that he'll be okay
tomorrow I just hate seeing him not
smiling and screaming and happy happy
screaming not like crying screaming and
as I'm talking to you guys for my per se
this Buddhist thing you guys ready
oh my God my baby sucked and earlier
when I first turned on the camera my
side my fingers crossed when I first
turned on the camera I saw this and I
thought was really cute there's a little
joggers fuck what you okay but anyway
yeah guys thanks for hanging in there
with me today it was a fun day it was a
fun it was fun actually going back to
jakey and even seeing everyone's faces
again um I forgot the phrase I was gonna
choose but no no but ya know doesn't say
is uh surprisingly enough that wasn't
the phrase I was looking for but yeah
surprisingly enough we hadn't seen each
other the whole the whole like Christmas
and New Year's break so it was really
nice seeing each other's faces
I think I saw Joe a couple times but he
ended up going to Texas TIFF was in
Texas
David was back in Sacramento everyone
was like everywhere I'll seeing family
and whatnot so we didn't really get a
hang out so every time you guys go
can you tell bar at this oh well I could
tell Bart stuff cuz I live with him but
if you had can you tell tips is you're
Quito David this Quito whatever Julia
this it's like no I can't I'll see you
then that lunch
we're friends a little gonna see each
other that much yeah the drop crotch oh
is the bloody pouch I get this my
fingers they look at your hoodie yeah
Eddie pads
yeah it's not like one pocket and one
pocket like normal people hope it's the
hoodie pouch he has a hoodie patch on
this one too this is my favorite outfit
on him and this is a hoodie pouch I
don't call these clothes my little baby
boy
you could take me to it cutie pie
bad boy oh yeah right
when he gives you those little eyes yeah
you're done well jellybean ice you're
done dad
all right guys anyway thank you guys so
much for watching I really love you and
appreciate all of you guys I hope you
guys have a good morning good afternoon
good night wherever in the world that
you so happens to be watching us yeah
see you guys later what does look just
