I started my day with a really good
workout just got into the office right
now not too many people are here but you
can tell that my shirt is completely
drenched so it's salt really really good
and our new routine now is today I have
two barbell meetings one from 10:00 to
11:00 and then the other ones from 11:00
to 12:00 and then oh and they're going
to go see geo gynecologist again because
you got more baby update so stay tuned
for that
but my daily routine is we come into G
OCS we meet I have my little proteins
Jill's taking a shower and these guys
just came in which is awesome we just
ordered these so we're trying to keep
all of bars low Brigade a little more
organized and since just so many
departments of the gym the apparel the
production and the even events I guess
we're gonna do the expose and stuff we
want to make sure that everyone's timed
out and it was kind of hard sharing
different Google Drive so we thought to
be better if we had like a visual being
on the wall you know I mean we can kind
of see okay cool the first thing that
January gyms working on this production
working on this and then we can kind of
time everything out so we got all of
those guys ordered but none of us have
time to install it so I might go on
Amazon and hire all those handymen
people and that we can get things done
but yeah I'm about to take a shower and
we're going to start on our first
meeting I took a quick shower about the
starter meeting and I always bring
clothes I haven't done my hair yet I'll
do my hair in between the next meetings
and I'm probably more come about to run
late but these are my old clothes I just
watched the gym and that's what I
usually do I pack everything in this
backpack and then I have my new clothes
which is on right now nice and clean and
these are my old gym clothes I also pack
my lunch and I know this is hella Getafe
wait where where world about that back
section of where well covers
well I found that and I put my meals in
here I found I found this I put my two
meals in here this is my no no this is
really amazing
yeah that is so wasteful you just throw
on the back yeah cuz the juices leak out
you are the most wasteful person ever
oh no look at the time time to start the
media we can't talk about that anymore
all right everyone let's log in to the
drive we're going to talk about Harbor
Brigade Stuber what are you doing
makeups I look presentable and not tail
and like how I feel how come girls never
ever ever a lot make up time for
themselves well I don't know the
universal last year but for my itself
it was literally I had finished my
workout we had to leave you were already
running late I had to run in to take a
shower and we were already you and I
both were already six minutes late into
our meeting it's not that I've been a
lot for time for makeup I just already
planned to not wear it and put it in the
car what happened last minute is you
told me to drive and I wasn't it good to
be logging so what I'm vlogging I cannot
drive and therefore when I'm vlogging
Barbara has to drive and when she blocks
I Drive is to chop but every girl has
ever met always does make up at their
destination like you will never see a
guy bringing a bottle of gel to work in
jail the LSD could be Hollywood so they
repeat all the time with JK people
what I've never seen any any guy bring
like you Gauls and iron it at work
what the hell we have a fucking steamer
person it's just because you don't do it
but that's for shoot I'm talking about
just personal like a personal admin date
yeah personal bonobos doing it cuz we
don't care
no but it's personal I know it's a
personal time you don't have a shoot and
you're doing a makeup
well we're filming I'm doing it for the
camera no you're not you're due to
preventable what whoa your back ones
make your head look back far yeah cuz
I'm just surprised the shit that's
coming out of your mouth right now well
you know what all right you're done no I
love you very much
and I'm excited to do what the doctor
has to say today I know I just wish it
was a gender-reveal we gotta wait on
that for it your face is coming together
finally ha
isn't that a compliment yeah
how does it feel to be trapped in an
elevator with one thank you gentlemen
thank God I'm not trapped and yeah I
think God I'm not dressed we'll make up
no this is you and me
ah dammit it open already what a meaning
Goodwin I missed out on the other free
makeout session with the man of your
dreams you see I'm talking about freakin
scoundrel press this button
damn you know the drill don't you that's
it is personal but me Adam technology
that's what happens now do you
welcome to 2017 maybe technology away
from the future okay so I just saw a
service that I've never knew existed
Marbury you saw it what are you fighting
for jog refer or leather sectional
painting uh dis memories some of budding
I'm a budding researcher what is this
what is this are you interested I don't
I don't even know scented its vaginal
tightening I know I mean I could read I
just don't notice fine who does that I
don't know people I hate it
our ladies I mean it don't be so
judgmental
oh we live in a different world you're
assuming cosmetic purposes what if it's
on absolutely nothing I just didn't know
you can do that oh so you're fascinated
yes
because what if I want a little
tightening please laughs avoid of the
service caution I learn about your
procedure glass because maybe I feel
like my poop's come out way too easy and
I want a lot more shuttle good you seem
like oh yeah listen l-tron is anything
but I can look yeah I'm excited because
for one position um one between the legs
how do you feel about there this is
amazing I still doesn't even feel like
it's inside of me I'm like oh look at
this thing on the TV screen because your
belly's not that big yeah but then we
get to see this guy laying here just
having a blast
look at that guy oh man he's so long
what a cute little guy here
fairytail technology is amazing it's
crazy that this little stick with this
gel can really be incredible
she's trying to peek in between the
lights we would've seen a loop of cord
go in there but the luminary is just a
penis it kind of does when we're going
that way we don't know yet really no yes
leaning pretty heavily in that yeah I
see that bump I mean you can't deny the
blonde foot well what is a vagina
sometimes the labia can be prominent
fell but I don't think sighs and we
enjoyed the boy
whoo because it could be a baby a big
vagina I think maybe yes ladies after
that I may be a baby remember not like
this because everybody knows we were in
a waiting room and there was a vaginal
tightening I know but that's some babies
need vaginal tightening well what do you
ask men of other women need that okay
everybody hey um except are you talking
about they're having too much fun with
each other I mean that also just picks
up medication for brig E if you guys
don't know if you guys are late to this
news
Ricky has epilepsy and we found out
during our trip in Europe the game sent
us videos of her seizures and we're like
old shoe without and then I looked it up
online and for her Bree came in it's one
of the most popular against diseases for
that dog which sucks and it sets in at
two to three years which is exactly on
point because rig is two years old so it
kicked in so now we have to get her
medication or else she get these
seizures and I just witnessed one the
other day and it's really really sad
pretty much her entire body's muscles
flexing and then she and she closed
herself to start shaking and there's all
this saliva coming out and it just look
so painful I can only imagine if I
flexors are as hard as I could for 60
seconds straight
how horrible deal so it's really
important we give her these meds and
we're almost about to run out so I'm so
glad that we were in the neighborhood to
pick these up so got this going to go
back to work now
Sophie let me pet you come on oh no no
people no my love you okay
yeah if you're mad you you got too much
love Sophie coming feel free you got
blue damaged fine you get some going
like people's epoch lots of affection
alright where's Sophie oh oh oh there we
go
Oh Sophie see that's what you bad Maddie
stop talking thank you like that up
your big funny guy he'll be alright
everyone wants to play no Sophie because
she plays hard to get
Maddie comes right up here as a useless
she's like that thirsty guy at the club
that's talking in your face with beer
breath get your number bro but Sophie
plays hard to get I ever one I wanted
magic Sophie you always play hard to get
all the time
I do this right when so it's not a
perfect shot
okay ready for the next meeting
okay someone tell me how as soon as we
get home this creature ends up here
Thanks bless you with it what are you
doing in Burma we just gotta know it's
so hard to do single human your body
takes a toll
I know but you you ordered food and it's
not dinner coming
I know isn't that crazy but still so
tight I wettable sweets it eat the phone
the Mambo you're gonna be it's gonna be
so hard to get you out of bed you just
zoom in on the face no I just always
whine it's gonna be so hard to get you
out of bed baby no but for food it's for
man so I'll get out of bed you don't
want to lay on the couch tonight in the
nail tentatively used for our boy or
girl we don't know if it connects either
Maximus yet true
why you say why don't you just sit on
the counter it's like more neutral I
easier to get out of there so the long
section section of United on your
apology
on my pillow - you good I'm right here
I know you were earlier I can't lay on
the couch because you know the long
section where I can actually stretch out
yeah that is exactly what event page
when the AC turns on it's really cold
I know what I'm doing papa I know what
I'm doing what holy shit part of my
solution to shaking it possibly change
this potted shed a pocket full of
changes showing it off there she goes
again just yourself okay you missed the
ugliest face or scratching blog Oh God
I've been embarrassed to be your mother
hey what rude
you became i'ma go back and check up on
my noodle oh good
so I'm so hungry I'm such a fat-ass that
uh that I have my meal prep but I'm so
like you know I can have meal preps like
it's good right like my boy rocky does a
great job but when you come home at
night sometimes you just want to our me
like I'm gonna just hit you in the soul
and because it's clean it doesn't have
that so once again I am resorting to
instant noodles and I can actually make
you fit I check the Nutrition Facts blue
the water is oval at a boil so I'm
bucket put this right and this is this
is Wow by the way you guys never had
this brand I grew up on it even with the
powder even with the dehydration suck
dehydrator vegetable this is so fun no
one's gonna get cook better than the
other
oh okay yeah yeah
and one thing is do as a kid let me know
if we could just as a kid you took this
to reset and this was Asian flamin hot
cheetos just break it up put the powder
in here and you like shit did y'all do
that because that was so bald I'm only
two hands now to finish making my dinner
so that put the camera down just
finished eating a mess it needs for now
about to do my try weekly is that even a
word when you do something three times a
week
my try weekly jacuzzi muscle relaxation
session on my heavy lower body and upper
body days I like to use the jacuzzi here
and it helps relax my muscles helps me
recover - helps me from not being so
sore and it's amazing that we have 25
storage here I think and we have a bunch
of tennis but every time I come here
it's always empty it's always just mean
which is plugging awesome I get a lot of
pieces like there was this one time
where me and the Dean came down and I
think it was like the stripper party
here but there's a bunch of ratchet as
the girls going crazy bending over and
that was nuts
we went back upstairs and we told you
about it and Cheetos are laughing
because there's this girl that was
purposely I'm trying to hit on Nadine
more I and she just kept bending over
and were like what the fuck is going on
but to do that there would look like
they're part of like the Armenian mafia
some things that were like oh shit this
is fucking crazy but this is the vom I
turn it around the view is amazing here
this is one of my favorite things about
this place
that's the Ritz Carlton Staples Center
over there they usually see from our
floor and then that's le Lai that's a
Olympic your figure or which one biggest
street
such a beautiful view of downtown and
it's so serene here when no one else is
here and I just turned on the bubble so
a lot of times I'll just come out here
and just kind of relax my muscles and
since there's no one here I also get to
relax my mind and kind of get ready for
bed and usually after I do this when I
get into bed I already knock out that
I'm a cow - even faster stuff I'm gonna
chill out out here and probably get my
my sleep ease on and I'll see you guys
tomorrow good night
