at first I thought it was going to be a
chill day today because I don't have to
go into the office until way later and
no one else is going into the office so
I didn't make the bed I was going to
relax I just finished taking a pretty
much 30-minute long shit and I was going
to chill but then I realized that the
dogs were hella smelly and dirty and we
haven't washed them in a long time so I
started calling around trying to see if
I can appointment and everywhere was
booked up
all the way until right now so there's
one local one called pissing in pooch
and downtown and they're like oh cool we
got two cancellations we can book one
and then bring them the other two dogs
so BAM all of a sudden it's crazy busy
again now especially guys to get a bad
you guys ready for that okay with one
people are excited some people aren't
I know what's going to get you guys
excited then sit on the chair and sit is
another dinner we're gonna go up we're
gonna go we're gonna go out and get oh I
left the house real quick I haven't even
showered or gels my hair or even brush
my teeth I hope I don't have to talk to
anyone today cuz in the morning
according to Gio my breath smells like
shit good thing you guys can smell it
but when you have one of those real
quick appointments cause everything is
downtown I like it's booked really
really fast I even started calling
places right outside of downtown like
alhambra pasadena and everywhere within
like a ten-mile radius of downtown it
gets booked hella fast so as soon as
these openings came up and they're like
can you guys come right now all the oh
shit I'll be there in 10 minutes so
according to of my gps game this is I'll
be them three so I should be there on
time
and then finally meatloaf breaking fun
can get a bath because they haven't
gotten a bat and I
two months but they live indoors so
they're really clean but fun because
she's fungus money and she had like she
kind of had Bo she spreads her smell on
the bed and they all share beds so now
they all kind of stink and so we just
want to make sure they're nice and clean
especially since in a few weekends we're
going to be going to Big Bear on a JK
trip and because I'm bringing my dogs I
don't want to affect anyone else cuz I'd
be fucked up this I bring three stinky
ass dogs and there's people that aren't
used to even having done so they have to
get used to the dog smell for one and
then they have to get over the old smell
so I just want to make sure get that
taken care of so everyone is nice and
fresh green yes I love green not in that
way I don't smoke marijuana I like green
light slimy
ah
I was in such a rush that I parked so
hooked up I just found the first spot
and I just parked there and I turned my
hazards on I'm parking on a pile of
metal and the redzone holy shit this
whole thing's red
oh my work and there's a sign where the
sign say no parking dude this is so
fucked up but it was an emergency the
dogs are so fucking dirty I have to
bring them in look at the ground I'm
parking on top of a hole they put these
metal things on top of the street to
cover a bolt this is so fucking
dangerous okay no more irresponsible
decisions today
note to self I did forget to mention
that I did bring the dogs in on time so
it's all good heart attack is over I
could finally go back to having a chill
day oh my god it's one thing after
another okay so I don't have gas
apparently and if it's holy shit it's
almost at the end all right so I guess
today is all about fixing all my
fuck-ups I think life is catching up to
me time to pump some fucking gas get
your life together goddamn just got home
I can finally take a shower now and I'm
really greasy your models guys that I
can take a shower at night and when I
wake up in the morning I feel like I
still need to take a shower
I'm just really oily so me being out on
the streets without taking a shower just
doesn't feel really good that's finally
good to take a shower but I also
realized the lighting right now is hella
good so I'll give you guys a physique
update right now let me see you set this
up over here and there's all these
papers you guys hear that click on ton
of papers all right so here's my
physique update currently 204 and I'm
still not satisfied
you can see that my arm definition is
starting to come in and you can finally
see a little bit of bicep separation
from my shoulders and also a little bit
of tricep separations on the left of my
arm my ABS my top abs are coming in it's
still really fat here but you can see a
little bit of chest and shoulder
separation you can see my clavicle and
my neck a little bit and I can see a
little bit always get a lot more legs
awesome awesome
so when I was bulking one of the most
important things for me was to bring up
my squat cuz my squatter's always sucked
and so as I was bulking I was doing a
lot of high volume leg workouts to build
up my legs I got all of the 2:30 and so
I don't think my upper body got that
much bigger compared to when I was like
185 or whatever but my legs don't for
sure is way more muscular then before
which is awesome so as I continue to
lean out I will see more and more
progress and I'll see what's actually
underneath all this fat so it's looking
promising I'm looking pretty good and
I'm around 204 right now still got about
15-20 pounds to go before I'm happy but
I think I'm going to turn into a
beautiful butterfly all of the guys out
there that are just getting into fitness
everyone has muscle underneath whatever
fat that's covered up you want a
six-pack you already have one you're
just trying to reveal it and you reveal
it through exercise and diet but those
of you guys are intermediate or it's
best go check out the bottle for gay
Channel there's a ton of information on
how to further your progress but those
of you guys are just getting started if
you want to get lean don't worry don't
don't feel like it's impossible to get a
six-pack anyone can get a six-pack use
of the diet and exercise correctly and
check out Kaizen training.com that's
this programming that me Omar Dynamite
came together to create science fact
programming for
all the types of lifters we can go check
that out and that's what I'm on right
now I'm on the 12-week strength fat loss
program and it's working very good I'm
really happy okay no more taking myself
out time to take a shower
all right never mind change of plans I'm
hungry mom bears coming back
Nadeem made a bunch of meat sauce
yesterday and there's a ton left over so
the oh shit what the fuck
I drink protein another protein Brooke
so what we're going to do is we're going
to recycle the food and yesterday's
pasta with bomb but today we'll turn
that into chili over right and uh Nadeem
do a really good job of seasoning this
so yesterday when I was eating it I was
like damn this ting kind of ordered what
the fuck it who are you picking delis
now you don't want to show us who are
you taking steroids not even doing
others achieve executed oh my god think
it's Jerry's bro you look at the cabin
full of steroids whoa College it was
flip steroids dude please it's heroin is
that steroids for cold yeah dude
Sabir steroids dude multi acting I don't
approve of any of that stuff though
Oh anyways back to you the meat but they
made it yesterday and it's really really
good
well would you put another cat Greek
cumin what up uh let me show you yeah I
like an opinion
I'll make sure you everything cuz my
secret and because I've forgotten I know
your secret Carol I did follow which is
done you are finish light light salt not
that the previous paprika tumors well I
use some some cilantro a gram masala yet
well your cilantro cumin cumin okay I
know that Oh pepper pepper
those are the cars dope so you put all
this stuff in here it tastes really good
and you can tell we have a ton left over
yesterday we ate it with this pasta so
today what we're going to do is we're
going to recycle all this and where's
the right we bought rice the other day
again with the rice is nothing we're
right here
okay we got rice in here oh man
what's not more job what oh that's
chocolate sterilized these little can't
force me to buy as little drugs what do
you like to get that from me drug you a
kid I swear they're fucking out to get
me
all right I got right I'm a boil it and
then I'm going to put that over the rice
cracker egg
the demons weird doesn't like egg I'm
gonna get a runny egg geo we'll get
actual a fully cooked day because she
can't just pregnant and it's going to be
delicious
Marvin home oh well I'm a big jerk off
you were just like Frank I'm not trying
to get everything ready here look I'm
going to climb out of lunch I'm going to
get the leftover meat that's so very
yummy from yesterday and I put the rice
in the rice cooker done oh yeah forgot
that guy and then I'm gonna fry egg for
you and it's gonna be yummy I'm excited
let me see what your nails look like uh
blue and squared this time I normally
don't get it squared but they're kind of
really squared that's all well how is it
usually look at this look at its pointy
I don't get it pointy
why are now so important to you because
this morning my bear had to rush out and
was like I think I have some time this
morning they open at 9:30 I'm go get my
nails done it's just the overall
grooming you know like my hair I have to
get it dyed to but because I know that
one takes like half of a full day like
fog like I really got to sketch all that
but my nails is part of the grooming
like I grew up with like nails and
everyone I knew always had like really
nice nail polish like my grandma was
always like that so it's just all part
of the grooming I'm like I can't add the
way it looks
yeah all right Joe sometime I did it was
really cool because the vanilla plays on
so they saw previous video that we do
when you get your first manicure done
yeah and they were like all over love
the videos so much so we're going to
give you a budget comment I was getting
the hook up while it was happening there
was just a whole bunch of different
techniques happening where I'm like wait
I have gotten this treatment before and
I've acted it like three years and it's
never taken this on with what is it so
now when I went to go pay the girls like
I am hope y'all give me like this really
whole package and I'm like oh no wonder
it on the game this cajun-style they
just do it yeah really nice well guess
what what paw bear
mr. very much did you didn't say I
gotten another look
hmm I love cavity on the phone so like
it's like connected to you and you're
like oh you're gonna make us come on
yummy lunch for you what is that so this
is fucking cute so these are oil
blotting strips you know when people get
oily faces you can use these oil
absorbing um these things yeah but I
found the cutest thing on Amazon so let
me pull this out a little panda yeah
yeah so I'm so deep so cute what the
heck give me a server yeah so it's like
this and then you just pull it up this
cute me and you start blotting your oily
at face like this that's so cute so then
you just do this thing and you're like
oh well I'll go away you know you came
just in the nick of time
why can't you bend it no cuz right after
I put the rice cooker to cook like use
that time to take a shower so now you
get the smell good version of me instead
of the oily greasy version
for example Joe
all right I got the club
babe Oh yep so I got a phone call and
they say is that they were done so we're
going to get CUNY clean up back
okay
be falling here so I should get pheasant
leash they're not that oh look at Mesa
AZ you go look at the bedroom yes yes
holdover luxurious one quality what do
you think we must work up their families
get a lease for now yeah we need at
least
that ain't gonna do shit
oh these are the one oh that's better
let's say how this works
three honor
yo mama's
work work why is a to shorten in other
video please report so that one want to
grow your grapes and I will do oh cool I
would help to motivate ourselves is the
people I have this thing can actually do
kind of further with one whole growth
into a single engine like whoa okay do
you have any of this is like a regular
because like this materialism this is
from absolutely
Oh that'd be really cool everything I
mean what do you think she get I kind of
like this so once I'll hold him and so
doctors one-on-one doesn't matter
whatever thinking free until we do it
that was a real neutral we just need one
right cuz all the other two are chewed
up - yeah well I'll get more
oh they're here are you talking to me
sorry guys
and in the moment you're going to get
for you okay all right although there's
no make fireballs I go yeah we're done
we'll get your brother now clean he
should pick her up
I need your soap clean and fluffy aren't
you yeah
ah
so before going back home popper had a
great idea about taking this to the dog
park so we are here and they are all
taking shit oh she just finished her
keep picking up meat loaves oh shit me
hope is going again some reason we come
here they shit their fucking brains out
nowhere else how do they shit their
brains out like everywhere else kind of
ration out their shit all come here pick
one should pick one shit when they cover
they fucking piss their brains up and
they shit their brains out which is why
I like taking them here oh it doesn't it
oh there's a big polish odor - yeah
that's fun I just refilled the water
dispenser for the pup-pups
and look so yourself look how cute they
are they're just all waiting in line
you're going to have such good manners
that's a little crazy that meat loaf
doesn't just go in and knock fallen over
and brick is waiting in line - you guys
are so good I'm so proud of you guys
you guys won't ever fight you guys
always share that's so cutie I don't
know what happened but I caught him got
a ton of this phlegm this came out of
nowhere
Oh little rats came out here you guys
know it's one of them being clingy
I got scared one away so we spent the
last couple of hours working on emails
and stuff and just working it's been a
pretty chill day really really happy it
but it's so rare to be able to even
spend just a few hours at home these
days because of all the stuff we have
going on for JK for 2017 and barbel and
when we talk about jakey's actually
three different companies make a party
JK news and also JK films as a business
and painting with barbell so it's tiring
but everything's finally coming to an
end or wrapping things up I think
finally
in March or April I'll be able to get my
weekends back and we'll be able to spend
CUNY time with each other with me and my
mom bear
so I'm really excited about that but we
spent pretty much the first two three
months of 2017 to really fix everything
and really kind of boost up the quality
and make sure everything was good
so yeah today was uh pretty cool
chill day and just to be able to be home
and kind of witness the city like this
without being extremely tired is amazing
we have such a awesome view of the city
but we never get to see it cuz we're
always working but that's our goal isn't
to always work our goal is to set up
really cool systems that we can work a
lot and raise our family you know what
the real goal is is because we started
living our dreams and there's more
people that were brought on to help us
live our dreams and we're financially
stable now the goal of JK and then
barbell is so that we can pay those guys
back and have them be able to live their
dreams so the barbell staff at JK is
that for them to be extremely
financially stable too so that's the
reason why we're working so hard it's
not good enough stuff we're financially
stable we got to make sure the entire
companies and we are on track so I feel
really really good but with that I'm
signing out I'm going to sleep I'm
really really tired we're going to start
a new day tomorrow and I got to be up
bright and early can I jump
