good morning so I am out the door
another rainy day so I have my samurai's
sword umbrella and I made myself some
hot cocoa since I can't have too much
coffee or just any caffeine
I'm a hot cocoa Kyle go and I am on my
way to go to my mama because I'm going
to spend kind of a few hours with her
and then I'm going to reunite with my
papa Bale so let's go yeah are you in
pain not odd since things whatever
they're doing yeah they put these little
pads on you and they're like
electroshock stimulating the muscles
because you're so stiff it's trying to
break all that down it softens muscles I
thought happening
okay
job mommy alright just finished with the
daughters my mom that got adjusted
probably hating the fact that I'm
filming her right now but she's really
dull talking truck with Excel is awesome
close-up I've never had it so I'm pretty
excited
what do you mean how do you how do I eat
this what is it you're sensitive you
have to lift it up just turn it out with
amnesia you got your own cotton candy so
no no no in it oh shit she came to I
pick it up or do I cut it you do in
handy for long ago have cut it in half
red if I'm gonna much try it now that
source that was so good I haven't had a
source stuff since forever I think it's
been since I got with Bart I have enough
for stuff like that goddamn I love mom
makes people being only cook good by we
I mean then because even though I'm
Mexican I just suck at cooking but that
spot was home all right now back
reunited with father
and I picked him up on all me burrito
cuz he's still tracking and trying to
look off sexy how is it so I'm never
eating here what is this delicious my
mom and my dad used to date going little
dates and then they would actually go on
road trips and they would they would
they would pick up food from the food
truck rock and then they would go on a
little road trip will end up with that
long no no no like recently oh yes this
bomb it's very very good
the mom knows all the good spots because
these are
did they compare to King Taco is it
better a million dollars resident Kim
Zaza little Michael damn everybody
passionately hateful you bring up can't
talk honestly don't even call them
anything you know what what the hell
exam
got that right damn hey ever since
you've been losing weight you're getting
a little conceited Oh
in other news we have an edema Neven
over here why is so strong
wow you're so strong yes Missy
all right I'm a pusher right that's
right watch this
that's the one thing of fun Danna that's
pretty strong and then Evan over here he
always has to wear leggings underneath
is shorts
me yeah why the whole important that is
where lady and then make sure the
duration would Danny just pick this if I
were to count camera like nothing on it
sure all right Mohawk ripping hold on I
knew it fell
don't hurt the baby don't hurt the baby
I can do it nothing about let me see you
have to do all right all right no I was
waiting for the doctor
oh thank you oh shit what was born up
eating you guys what am I not doing that
for about if these guys are I was going
to say that do one just travel school do
have drugs you'll be strong a lot of
candidates opportunities oh man oh man
oh she does too even with any we did
business amount owed away one way true
why are you doing then oh hey what's up
did he was he playing with you is he
play c'mere boy comes you'll tell on
your dad football
fun with her see me crying for no reason
mah glai better you like Raja bring her
down come on there we go
okay okay I'll get up gimme looking at
me laughing where did you find me here
he's not forgetting me
me lost me voice boy come here boy fish
he said girl of was somebody was sitting
on you did you rescue the boy yeah good
boy
you little fucking bitch
Oh whiner this beef over here is a
hundred pounds he's heavier than a lot
of my little girlfriends little friends
that are good yeah
he's heavier than a lot of my friends
he's had you the kiss he had kissed he
must go who could get pretty bitchy true
why do you think I did you go didn't we
we needed urine
in a pub is lung a that looks wrong it
off what get off get off of what I'm
good person for you huh nothing look
like one yeah get off me the ho my boy
he just gave up this is what it looks
like with you funny girl on their hand
when you're swimming in the water he's
over your bullshit dad good boy look
good boy okay get a get one get one get
her one here one here one going coke
like a turf on get farms over you go
ready go ready go ready yes slapper keep
on get upon getting fun there you go
fine we work where we need you to work
you ready to go home
ready go let's go home guys
I tell Abarth the food's ready say he'll
almost be here
oh so what is this difficult what
inspired again there's no name to it but
this is how I can sort of make pasta and
then I put my own spin on it
what's the Afghan pasta and what you
think
we also have like pasta we get the
Italian pasta and we usually use what is
that linguini i linguini but then we
even you don't have a pasta but the main
thing is the meat sauce and then also we
add yogurt to it on top we're in sewage
on the bottom and then on top of the
pasta and on top the pasta me something
yeah is this all Afghan families just
your family does pretty much all of your
family mm-hmm but they have a more
traditional spices with everything in it
this is just like my way and I don't
have access so ladies Nadeem is single
hit him up on instagram at the beam
committee that is nad GM h a.m. ID why
cuz he singled he could cook he could
make videos he sweet Daniel I miss now
look at this
with all on Instagram damn down true
what care true true closer so I alright
so the Beamer tea started step one which
is the yogurt spread on the plate
what's step two step two is putting the
pot on all right I should have washed it
but did it get stuck salted duck I think
not salt oil keeps it separated but then
right after the starch from the pasta if
you don't wash it it continues the
cooking also nice and sticky ultra-fast
flavor oh I just sucks being an
alcoholic
you can't stop drinking beer sure but
you just fucking manly doesn't matter
you can't stop can't stop won't stop
I'm gonna fucking go stop I love yogurt
you know that again part Afghan you love
yogurt no we got your gene stuff
remember you're not asking well you know
y'all are you kappa dating cuz I could
cause they're just public oh yeah I'm
not calculating anything he means if I'm
dieting aiya dieting well I'm only
pregnant dieting you know well yogurt um
Mongolian oh you have my Mongolia you
lucky fucking drone damn thank you to
Dean hmm
yo uh strawberry good I know I know
that's my boss zombie Booker that's
where my dessert that's for my dessert
for my dessert ensue this don't drop it
Audio eat it alright first bite and
being instructed that I get a little bit
of earthing which is yogurt pasta
me stop bah-bah mom go downs a baby
missing out get the hold the camera
you're missing mountain is so good
finally how people seem to count on why
you kidding go ahead this is so good and
pong
how about measure this for you you're on
a night just do the ask a measurement
later just do that because I'm not sure
more worried about fat okay just get me
up like piles of pasta so they don't
care about and I just give me like two
cups of the fat I mean that's cool stuff
those two cups of the UH if we can meet
taught me some Ebonics
I'll have to make the pasta thank you
think if they give how long do not I'm
on a diet bro I want a diet fit like
that's one cop working a lot
I almost done with mine
Jan was that good that's good our baby
needs to eat there's more beautiful in
the pasta
we got the height that's not supposed to
be hmm I'm out there yeah you're going
I'm ready for bed I'm just unwinding and
I think I'm calm I'm Claire and just go
to sleep now you know I love opening
wear pajamas I like only new or pajamas
what hey why do you like when I want to
jamming good looks like you you look so
comfortable pajama pants are the best I
wish they made this just for regular
clothes and when you wear pajamas you
usually have camel toe - hey you're so
rude every time you wear pajamas I can
tell you're circumcised in art it's
called a moose knuckle
hey what do you do you I like your
pajamas when you cuz you don't always
wear pajamas when do you decide to wear
pajamas
well sometimes I feel like in pajama mo
and it feels cold so I'm like mmm maybe
my legs like to be warm right now I know
I like it
you want to have your preferred generous
yeah okay oh if that being said thank
you guys so much for watching this video
see you guys next time good night good
night Meat Loaf's ready good night New
York good night buddy boy uh-huh
okay bye
