good morning today is going to be a
great day because I get to spend it with
all my friends don't like just kidding
use but what's not great is the fact
that I'm slowly starting to not be able
to fit in Papa's car because look at
this so Papa drawers the floors cuz ya
has a few kind of books you like that no
not really not really boo judicious you
just like that that's boys um but the
more I my belly grows the less I fit in
this car so I'm just I'm just predicting
my future that the bigger this belly get
there's no way that I'm going to fit in
this cars on 511 this car has like Club
fees and slow to the floor I feel like
Ben got holes in every possible I have
to become a contortionist to get in and
out of this car and it's just it's not
important
but does that make sense
does it make it that you have to get rid
of art oh no not really because to me I
mean I love cars but they're like really
fun toys but ultimately life is life so
whatever you need I can always get
another car I know I have pretty good
taste so I'll probably get something
else that stick and I'll just figure it
out I don't think it's helping I'm
really married to anything for you I can
get one lonely little little we're all
just flooded Road oh yeah let me show
you the cramped spaces okay so this is
my head room here not much Headroom okay
at this seat all the way back keep in
mind this is a race cars oh wow this is
a race car like this is not not any man
when you're looking for X number one one
big no-no that you broke is I don't know
why you're bad
aren't in the truck I need seen this
space as the trunk it's fucking huge you
can't fit a body in here that huge a
body is huge no but but you have you
brought your bag into the cabin which is
a big no-no I don't even do this in my
Silverado bag stay with a bag belongs
that's how it's raised were raised like
this I give up there back onto the trunk
bring the stuff into the hunt I didn't
have the luxury of having a car when
I had that neck so that when there wants
to be the cool like a sorry about that
get to the question to make you put it
in the truck cause in the traffic steady
beat my leg or like every normal child
says well the way I was raised I was
raised with a lot of class your mom
freaking first at the dinner table and
smart what are you talking about
altitude rebel even said that story that
he pointed at your Boy Scout meeting so
what I'm saying I was raised a lot of
class I still never see James Bond but
it's briefcase in the cabin his
briefcase is always going to go in the
truck I get you gotta watch bunch of
James Bond movies because that's how
you're supposed to live beings goes with
being so comfortable in the cupholders
bags and all luggage for the truck
magnet ready why are there always like
no no what is it
toenail clippers in the shower and
compressions in the shower
because they belong in the show it's to
the hook that's where the key push and
pull up with her the happy washing clean
rinse all down anyway so no Headroom
I barely been I have to have my bag on
my last I barely have any legroom
not a fun card maybe two types of why no
energy
Oh
heartless Wow how you feeling dude I'm a
little sick stuff so you look pale I'm
still kind of weak but it's good I have
been eating so hospital food tonight
how do you think you got sick I just
ended sleeping so you know that last
time we were at JK news right so I had
that shoot so the day before that I did
sleep and then I had to shoot all day
yeah I was already awake for two days
when we were shooting that ah and I was
kind of ending my sickness which means
that I'm when I'm highly contagious so
you found that for me so I probably
wasn't you and I got that and then I was
chilling in the next day to my cousin
came from Korea so I always sent like
three hours that I had an audition the
next day after so yeah all that combined
together equals sick David well which
means you're going to get leaner good
you're not eating I left like four
points sometimes which is terrible
because I need that muscle
hmmm sorry
well now you're going to go eat a little
so it is 9:00 p.m. now and we just
wrapped just kidding news and I think
now at this point people just kind of
disperse and go their own married ways
what kind of a few of us go and eat
around this time but I think today I'm
actually going to skip on it just
because I have my mommy tiredness and my
body just feels wrecked so instead of
going with David and Barton them to go
each arm which you guys probably have
picked up on on it we eat Shinsengumi or
we eat shabu
week where I'm actually just going to go
home and relax and not eat I don't go
home now we're here right now bills
without like I'm gonna eat with David
actions and screw me yeah that's what I
just said yeah yeah but imma go home
I'll see you home and I'll go home with
us nope I'm tired we talked about no
more I talked to him about this
situation in the morning because I know
he was going to start giving me faces up
any promise it was okay for me to go
home why are you going back on your word
good I promise
the mother will be lonely anything why
are you doing that you comment you know
myself okay catch you up get enough rest
aside I know thank you
fine and we'll go home finally got home
but it took me forever to find parking
so basically the way this place works is
you're given two parking spaces and any
additional spaces that you want you have
to park a nun research section so we got
the two parking spaces but the problem
is or its car if you can see here or
it's truck it passes the line we're on
everyone else's car it's in the line
right so I was trying to find an
unreserved spot cause you get to hear
all
the spaces are marked but now what they
do with unreserve spots there are select
few they'll have them unmarked and those
are free-for-all so for example these
guys there's no reserved parking so we
have eight floors and on every floor
there's about two spaces that are
unreserved that you can park so I drove
up to the eighth floor and couldn't find
anything so I had to park the Porsche
with its head sticking out like a
motherfucker fucker it's not too bad but
it's not ideal cuz we always like to
take dogs when we go trains so now that
stalls our blogs gotta move some more
issues a big-ass mess so I Drive all
over the top can't find anything so I
ended up I'm in a pocket here so that's
a 20 minute probably that many minutes
but they're like 10 minutes of driving
slowly trying to find unreserved spot
finally going home and the more you live
here the less it feels like home because
it's like so many barriers to get
through like just driving through
downtown and the traffic and stuff I
thought I would like it but after long
days of work you just want to get home
asap this is not that convenient
now that I'm here got it by working one
sit by parking gotta get elevator to get
home and then once I get the elevator I
get off the elevator again home I know
it sounds like first of all problems the
needful we are but I think I'm just
really excited to get our house and I
can't wait for that to happen we're just
ran up to the driveway get out of my car
in my house see my pups in the back I
think that's what I really need to say I
don't mean to complain it can have works
personal problems alright just walked in
and the first thing I see a two packages
one package is one that my mom brought
me that I think it's from my older
sister another one is from I already
however Vegas is from our very close
friends Charlie and Misha Zamora
who are like our brothers and sisters
just because they're so amazing people
very beautiful I gotta show you guys
what it is cuz I haven't seen it yet
but the lighting in that room sucks so
we're coming to my bathroom okay first
present for my sister let's see what is
this is not my medicine by the way this
is creepy
hopefully and cute it up where is it
here it is look at that
3d Quan how cute era k9 yeah since she's
been suffering for a month at the like
epileptic seizure chefs take medicine to
kinda keep down the control since she's
an on vacation no problems but anyway
that's how we're in here for I just
didn't want the room mister get started
let's go okay first one oh she gave me a
look you are my heart this is me you all
hey good look at this OH
before you were born my heart always
knew I wanted to be a good parent to you
why am I gonna cry already
what am I gonna crack why don't you
pitch do so
route I imagine for months our family
would be the things you would learn the
places we see
oh here anyway that's fucking cute next
to get the bags
oh we got some baby booties how fucking
cuties oh how kid and we're not getting
pink stuff hmm does she know something I
don't know because I really don't know
what I'm having yet and then oh oh oh
head or his little head you invisible
woman put this shit on cuz who cares
look at this oh it's so fucking cute and
lastly oh it's a card for baby crying oh
it corn because we don't know if it's a
boy or girl yet thank you big sister
thank you so much is so fucking
thoughtful and I really got some cussing
it's so thoughtful and so cute I can't
wait to read this to my baby I'm having
to be even that crazy that's pretty
crazy
okay next round well let's top it blue
here and how do they sizzle oh my god
I'm nacho V's almost all the thought
that something that Bart and I created
that is going to fit in this is killing
me right now
like what but I've never been a mommy
this is crazy okay and one what's
another thing oh thank god is is awesome
my love book your baby's first winter
cookies Dada no it's gonna be mama my
baby's first words could be mumbles I
found my backpack on look at that
I'm so excited to share - should I get
okay let's see data quack dad Bennet
woof
shit dad at if Santa misses this is so
awesome I love it but Jimmy Fallon -
fellas look this is awesome
okay and then raw shea poopoo whatever
mommy stretch mark oh yeah and since
that this I here is going to be awesome
I've never heard of the brand but I hear
that because you're growing the baby is
growing
your skin gets stretched out at a rapid
rate to the point where you can get
stretch marks and to prevent them you
want to rub oils and cocoa butter and
all that stuff on your tummy so yay
Thank You charlie Nisha what else is
crazy people get us oh my goodness same
thing with pistachio oil but this one
now is raw shave okay got it
so it's my buttercream this one's repair
oil oh this is so much love
Oh Craigie naturals all natural
drug-free doctor doctor recommended
natural way to eat morning sickness
yes I've suffered from that quite a bit
these are going to come in handy it's
raspberry ginger and green apple I've
never tried this before because I've
never been pregnant so I'll give these a
go next time I feel love in ahsha's so
oh my god you kidding me this is Q a
baby rattle but it's a freaking dumbbell
light as babies does a little so cute
okay I gotta show this support oh look
at this the Barton Gio loves the
Zamora's Oh
through up here this really warms my
heart and I love it my baby right he has
an outfit this top and bottom is girls
the middle sections boy so if you got an
outfit folks this is awesome this is
really really cool
I don't know why I'm getting so
emotional but I think this is really
cool people really care about it and
this baby is not even born yet makes me
really happy
ah I don't know I'm crying this is
really beautiful
okay the thing I'm gonna take my
backpack off and wait for my food to get
here and let's see tell me update before
I do that get this I'm starting to feel
a little bit better that look at that
tummy you can barely see anything but
the thing I noticed the most is that I
no longer have a waistline like I used
to have a little waistline but now I got
this little little belly coming out look
at that
you let our weight so it looks like
right here you let me go on - well weeks
so Nadine is watching a movie outside on
if you can hear the sink books carefully
this and all that something and rumbling
he's watching a movie and I don't want
to interrupt him and I hate walking into
a movie or I hate watching a movie like
after it started I'm just like there's
no point I want to chart from the
beginning I don't want to I don't want
to ask much questions that I want to
ruin the movie viewing experience for
you so I'm just going to wait I'm here
in my room got food delivered from
Chhaya never ate here before I think I
got a speak don't know what I got let's
see what I got I got some yummy bread
and I know that's the eating in my bed
but I'm a little bit I don't care no I
also got Oh cutlery
napkin I'll need that and oh this is
kind of funny okay i'ma try to open this
with one hand it's going to be a
challenge oh my god I don't think I got
enough food look at this is this
supposed to be a salad I'm confused I'm
confused would why why do it this food
where's the restless I don't think I
don't know food just fucking hilarious
well
I'm going to try to get full off of this
if not I'm going to make some chicken
curry instant style don't give me more
credit than I deserve this instant I'm
not doing shit but probably making white
rice in a rice cooker so we'll see how
long the snow last me and if it makes me
foo I hear somebody's home Oh Papa Bear
oh where are you
what were you this whole time I kept
texting you oh you need young missions
and goomy how could we the kid text me
back is he didn't with me a difference
longer I said when you coming back and I
was already in the elevator I got
attacked retry surprise me something I
was you think dude good job I know I bet
it'll be livable you were getting crumbs
all over a freaking bear no I was very
clean sure what did you get from dinner
steak it was pretty yummy but it was the
size of my hand I know my palm it was so
small
Shiva gosh I don't know what I got oh
that's some sort of steak Oh some sort
of tired you have a good dinner yeah
great my favorite restaurant universe
yeah I'm good time with David yeah a
great one in person I'll just write this
yeah I had a good time bonding by myself
and watching videos about kids and love
excuse me
yes preaching me no because Nadine was
watching a video and anyone interrupt
cause I think we're gonna get ready for
bed now all right
I couldn't let poverty at ready to go to
bed so I had him strip down - in Doha
and he threw his clothes on the floor
he's just in movies right now haven't
even gotten ready for bed but I had to
share the cuny little present that my
sister got it so check it out
go
I have I'm so tired mom promised fun no
don't do it and don't do it don't do it
you're tired don't do it I didn't even
open that yet baby Quan yeah hot no
Melvin this up here this is for my
sister sister
Marty oldest I need you the compass the
donkey ah garage rock baby rock baby
desk you need is your job
let's see Jill and part may this baby
always bring you love and joy I'm so
happy for you I'm a little all acetal I
will sit on like my little red sauce da
pizza
can't wait to meet you Ilan which is
yummy Sweeney can't wait to play video
games with you Ethan Ethan can't wait to
show you this keyboard now is to see you
Eric how you have to be born already
you're taking too long
enjoy your Sharp vacation soon we'll be
hit with the reality of being a
superstar baby your biggest fan nutty
ah that is awesome that is so much love
is okay okay I'll put it away there's a
but you are my heart written and
illustrated by Marianne Richmond you
have to read a bunch of these books you
know that yeah yeah are my giggle I like
it when you wiggle tug tows tugs make
them into squizzle you know there's no
what it's bad excuses
I cried at that book this oqu
insensitive bastard remains you are my
heart I read it and it made me cry look
good maybe I read the wrong chapter
trying read the next one okay so my
beloved for you are my heart before you
were born
my heart always knew I wanted to be a
good parent to you I imagined for months
our family would be the things you would
learn the places we see zucchini peach
an acute is the only chicken very skinny
what I couldn't have known was all that
you'd be by being you and giving to me
you're my giggle when we make funny
faces blow pop bubbles jump on toes and
run silly races you are the whole thing
I just think it may be fun oh thank you
what's this this is a buddy yes all cuny
this is the budget being with little
shoes yeah
two-piece hand crochet wow so cute me
this is for a girl don't matter I think
it's for a girl plus baby Dylan oh shit
you composing one on them the same thing
I said thank you it was really nice of
your family I know makini yeah fine you
get ready for bed now oh shit
alright we're done alright so I had a
very lovely day ended it with some
awesome baby gifts that could go to a
boy or a girl because I have no idea I
be you guys enjoy spending the day
with me until tomorrow bye-bye good
night
