what in the world is going on yes you're
standing on the metal thing are you on
your tippy-toes
what how much distance is there holy
shit dude that's like a whole hand table
the way to far away from the Maris I
have to get closer close you ought to
get like this one I can see what I'm
doing I gotta get you know the kind of
you tone oh no make up if the details
are good victim like that spot over here
over there and then oh that that giant
mall right there hi everyone I don't
know about you you don't have that
problem are just on the ground close up
how come but when you when you are then
you got a lamb your faces again
bullshit I'm so proud of my team at JK
because everything is getting more and
more legit so where I'm at now where we
just saw tiffin geo this is now the
greenroom and in Hollywood or theater
terms that means the preparation room
we're like the actors the casting
musicians they hang out they chill out
in preparation to get on set so if you
look here we got a little changing area
we got a place where people can get
snacks and food if they get a little bit
a hungry wardrobe racks a place to do
makeup he's coming in he's probably
going to laugh someone else cuz I see
the mic in his hand he's a dangerous man
this places the chill places to work so
that way everyone could stay in the same
place until they are needed and called
upon and I don't know if you're here to
allows me if I'm going to be leave you
up come back light of five minutes are
you laughing up right now yeah all right
my just Bobby up right now that I don't
want to make your job difficult you're
the host today so they want you to be
early and ready to go yeah look how
professional these weren't all black
food just industry standard back in the
day we used to wear whatever the fuck we
want at least
and then when they showed up on camera
just where the fuck is extra Catherine
would come from but now we're trying to
keep it professional and you know who
was supposed to be crew and who's
supposed to be cast walk me through your
process with why do you put your tape
like that well I kind of use
double-sided for you you sweat a lot
unfortunately who said your armpits okay
so what we do or what I do is I kind of
use a tape to double sight it yeah and a
lot of people will probably say it's a
bad idea but at the same time I kind of
overlay it with another tape so that way
it kind of cuts off any scratching this
to your gloom so plus they don't know
how much I said so that's a lot less
going on my own love doors is going to
go I go right on your shirt right on the
front on the locators buttons I'm on a
button this okay right here
to go
mmm mmm look it's tough they're so
delicate stuff little professional I'm
sure hi
you know only they look like this right
too much muscle before we call it a
traction
I was going to talk about Lily there you
go okay Oh pull it through connect it
and then pretty much took it in the back
and we're ready to go and then cans
going to do your soundcheck over at the
studio here right before you guys are
about to shoot so not yet yeah not yet
okay what's he set up so as a cast
member after you're done with the green
room and they call upon you the first
place you're going to go is on set and
today we're playing mafia so they have
all the cameras set up for mafia and
everyone's going to be sitting in our
normal mafia circle except this time our
mafia is set up and format for the
videos going to be waited for we're
actually going to interview each cast
member the Mafia the civilian on what
they think we're going to pull them into
a confessional room so it can really get
into the minds of the cast that's one
thing what we've been missing where we
play and everything is internalized and
you see a lot of funny shit happen but
you don't really know what's going on in
the mind and knowing what's going on the
mind is going to make things even funny
so as these guys set up I'm going to
take you to show you where the
confessional rooms are and there's going
to be two so there's gonna be one where
it's the confessional room that gets
interviewed and I don't think the dead
rooms when people die in mafia they're
gonna be in a special room you know
after if you guys play after you die and
then when you wake up with the mocking
you know who they are finally you're
like fuck I fucking knew with you now we
get to have those reactions because
before we're playing over there we
couldn't do that cuz we don't want the
dead people to give the Mafia way so the
first place we're going to go is the
dead room
so this is going to be the dead room
well good guy
oh gee JK so we have a camera set up the
dead people going to be over here and
they're going to be able to watch the
live gameplay either here or here and
we're going to be able to get that
reaction that we wanted and if we come
across here this is going to be the
confessional room where we're going to
be able to figure out what the members
are thinking and their strategy and this
is Wow oh dude this is like the most
legit setup we've ever seen on JK or no
is it for drinking partying a song panic
oh yeah yeah yeah true - good stuff -
she goes on I said oh look at all the
big look at this kitty here why are you
holding those fucking hooker like
they're not looking alike these are
called real place and they're really
cool cuz you can you can attract fuckers
with them no how's everything looking in
here where you got em how we run those
look good on camera you're only imitate
tapes now I would running through the
background maybe we can like make some
Reticuli good on our side because oh
cool yeah yummy in there yeah what is
this a bounce board thing for also this
is the basically slide offices China
balls up sure because like we don't
really want to have light from the
listing splashing watch world oh then
you're to take locket and also this
different color getting over here it's
orange so we kind of want to keep
nothing right we hope that for that yeah
and then that for the face yeah who
masterminded all this I don't find it I
thought about a little bit last night
why do that and we have anything in this
rooms we had to do something and Gio
brought in these awesome photos oh
that's awesome team or are you painting
these what is that a photo of a fucking
ghost duck
I am hosting today which is something I
never did I'm usually cashed and because
of that I'm a little bit nervous because
I have to say certain things I can't
just be impulsive and say random shit
but not exercise my mouth is also 8 a.m.
or 9 a.m. in the morning so one of the
exercises I'd like to do is read random
articles and then really over enunciate
it place this yellow bench in your
entryway or any place in your home for a
bold statement the half circle shape
perfect for extra seating against the
wall has a linen fabric covering with a
paisley design and dark shades of deep
sage mustard brick and pumpkin spice
that's what I like to do to exercise my
mouse because after you've been sleeping
the whole night like this your jaw gets
tight and in the morning you don't none
see everyone then the other one
others welcome to module 2 this is
mostly game and then it's not good for
camera so for the exercise on Mouse
hopefully it'd do a good job hosting
today because it's not just a regular
hosting you saw how professional
everything is today I got to be
professional - I know I'm not I didn't
see the blah blah blah I think I never
notice a very sound test what's in your
pocket
oh that's my phone oh yes I put it on
here am I so testing is very bold
everyone
yeah Brandon of the biggest job ever
okay are you still talking I'm still
talking
give me the whole time yeah all this
money here shit again lon yeah but
nobody here - still no one died yet so
during this next day it's going to be
day one passing out the card and then
we're going to go to day a night one
which is the first time you'll go to
sleep and then your rules would be
revealed to your partners and reveal to
the moderator and then and then you'll
wake up back up again today - and we're
going to have a round of suspicions no
one's going to ever get be on the
chopping block in this round or share
suspicions you guys can accuse each
other for being all nervous looking or
smiling or whatever it is and then after
the round of suspicions will go to night
- which then will go to sleep and then
we'll cut and we'll go and do interviews
okay so no one's dying for this next day
okay they're going
don't try putting on a chopping block
that's not how we're playing for this
next peg okay yeah Josh yeah the regular
you know you are art you are those
airplane headphones in here when you're
like nothing's actually studio
headphones I go no one dying no one's
dying for tonight - did everyone get
that no one is dying for day-to-night -
okay because that's what we're playing
for camera now this will be different
thank you
how does it feel playing the first
official professional game of Mafia
it feels really exciting I didn't think
I was going to be as nervous as I am
right now
um not even nervous being hope really
yeah the whole official no yeah it's so
official that I want it to be really
good content and when it'd be very
entertaining um like I'm paying
attention to everything and I'm just
completely nervous like my heart was
pumping like crazy even before I saw
what my role was just sitting there
again this has to be great like
everyone's putting in so much effort
like I got to put out as a cast member
so fuck the pressure look at my armpit
I've been sweating like crazy that's how
nervous I am spots up paper towels
inside to absorb it because I'm up you
have to be on camera and I love it so
I'm like oh shit wow you're really
nervous yeah you need a pan and uh thank
you thank you thank you you all on World
Trade Center is it y'all figure from
college building what time is you guys
go to the top yeah
$34 to ride an elevator man $34 it's
alive the elevator get 100 and second
floors it is good it is a tallest
building the Western Hemisphere Wow
where's Reza New York really always you
want a metaphor about a one-world
observatory why coming here any minute
half of a dragon great for people that
work there or whatever they didn't go to
the heart or sometimes never any I'm a
boy entrance but you're not also to the
tores ginger okay Sonali this was crazy
Alison Jill's coming here - Wow this is
where the power you because that called
Ground Zero symptoms yeah yeah yeah god
I love Memorial now oh just a little
McLaggen lady's name yeah and I'll show
another one he doesn't worry yourself no
more I showed ya just amazing girl
person that they still put more like
flowers well what I do she Kelly um I
know Ellis you know okay Josie I was
pretty surreal just one of my classmates
around
Kadri from pretty girly yes pre-shot is
walking and in every single name on it
and then the second one
sorry marker UN tip or the heater girl
haha I got it spiritually I got
exponentially colder with the whole body
changing thing like I got worse your
body in overdrive creating a human
usually when she was also pregnant with
me she's also freezing she's crazy she's
remember she was saying by her dust as a
leader okay what if you have twins do
sister want to quit but how you just
were there with the older son you heard
the one heartbeat yeah but what if that
lady was just careless like she didn't
like saw her she didn't squish it around
another sovereign pushing it around you
saw it moving everywhere I don't know
but you guys haven't seen cyst symptoms
doing this is my event so so maybe
splint and you know I don't think it's
twins huh I don't I really don't worry
I'm not ready to join forces
it can't be me two tons are fallen
they're fun when you give them to their
parents after you've had your fun then
we're not really you know one pregnancy
not to to none
ah yeah but then I got to be real too
and I got to be like wolves in a raisin
hey CIA you wanted to uh I'd rather do a
mouse one when their winder I rather do
them at once what are you going to do
you're going to do anything I'm going to
do a lot of shit this and that okay a
little bit of this a little bit of that
a little bit of this a little bit of
that that's what the song pays off for
raising kids by a dad a little bit of
these a little bit
this shoots hella professional and the
game is so much more juicy on video now
but I'm so hungry and I think we still
have about an hour of gameplay before we
can eat are you hungry my bear
there's no because I did good prepping
for how frequently I get hungry these
days so I made myself avocados sandwich
I even have my bread in a bag oh cool is
are your little pregnancy back yeah
Oh your pregnancy flush yeah a Greek
yogurt raspberries apple
how come you barely touched it then
coconut when we barely touched it you
have all that stuff right we've been
playing for like three or four hours
yeah look at this wealth of bread it was
up to here if I was a mom I would have
demolished all of that why guys aren't
moms because they're disgusting but that
side yogurt incident or just all the
berries in the yogurt I was pacing
myself
wha and then throwing some almond butter
Oh women eat this make this right now I
wish I could eat I'm eating healthy you
want to eat junk food
I'm just hope I wanna eat anything you
want so almost got my phone so we still
got about hours of gameplay left I got
to go back to hosting but I'm really
really hungry
ah answering a good job being assistant
director right now I'm just making sure
everything's in order
and people are interviewing over there
so you visible who did we almost got in
trouble cuz Aaron almost open the door
right now
me knowing well there no you can't do
that Eric yeah answered a good job up
back on the south side probably about to
wrap up the game soon I can finally eat
finally where rats and I get to eat I'll
put my food in the microwave and fucking
I ain't trying to wait till it's done
we're done we're gonna go eat you right
now got my healthy as meal to all shit
almost knock everything over done with
that I'm gonna get this yummy drink whoa
what should I get
I got coke apple juice oh why do you
guys try this is just so good it's a
pomelo I think that's another word for
grapefruit
you just gotta shake it slightly dis is
so freakin bummed so I'm gonna go catch
up with my ex I know she has Ono who
will drop it let me put this here
because I'm trying to pull my pocket I'm
an attachable mama bear because she's a
pregnant lady and on a mission she said
we do have catering on JK film sets and
we usually get Thai food so I think
she's probably going to eat that
and I usually nibble on some just
because it's wrong like this orange
chicken that at this type of food place
is so good and the curry is good I can't
have curry so I just got to keep this to
super mama is that oh hell yeah she got
a whole plateful it makes me so happy
when I see a mob better eat like crazy
because I know the baby is eating too so
let's see what the baby's gonna be
eating cat food cat food hi hi hi boo
boo Thai spices cat food I can't iPod oh
wait come from dad mad Caviar's that you
have that's her that's when I get an
orange chicken the curry yeah whistle
bomber
it is gone so it's beef broccoli right
um chicken rice noodles it's relatively
okay do you know what makes me really
happy when I do either Schiffman what
makes you really not doing
community shootin yes oh oh you think it
makes you really happy when you see me
use your time yeah the fact that you're
eating a shit-ton yeah makes me happy
cool you just ordered it weird to see
threw me off but yes I'm very happy to
that I have an appetite go Mack or
midnight Cena Max and Max Cena is a
temporary name for the cake if you
haven't added one yet so we're just
calling them whatever
