what did you learn about your pregnancy
kidding so what I was going to tell you
that haven't gotten a chance to tell you
yet is that through being pregnant I
realized how animalistic humans really
are just based on the simple fact that a
pregnant woman and I've personally
experienced this
a pregnant woman has a heightened sense
of smell so right now I can smell
everything like clutter times better
than when I wasn't pregnant
look up a dog's nose I have a dog nose
and when I was doing research I found
out a fun fact that women have a
heightened sense of smell so that when
they smell food they could tell if it's
good or not but like whether it's rotten
or they shouldn't eat that and I'm like
what are you fucking crazy like that's
cool like when did we develop this like
superpower why were they like
we're like so close to animals and
nothing damn it's really hard like we've
fought so hard and we come such a long
way to be what we are now which is like
super I guess domesticated like we have
to wear shoes now if there were multiple
layers of clothing like back in the
heyday like like hundreds and hundreds
of years ago we were able to smell food
and my pregnant one where they were a
small food and decipher it was it was
good or bad to eat like that's fucking
cool like fuck now I mean mentally were
awesome so physically Lisa
mother yes what's exciting about today I
get to meet my doctor for the first time
and everyone's been raving about him um
so I think that I'm super excited about
was that you sent is that what you're
usually on don't worry
is that where you're usually I don't
remember
you're pretty uh just pretty average
plenty of rabies okay I'm like 121 120
yeah now I remember
yes now you're good so I'm going to do
our typical she's not just make sure we
still see about sleeping Murphy okay
I didn't know without a minute yeah
always thought okay cool ever done that
oh you thought she was gonna stick this
thing back in you yeah oh yeah she was
enjoying it way too much last time I was
not don't fit yeah you are you love
Billie Valley uh do I know myself my
your guess just go ahead like I'm in my
Monday will be on the outside which
context can happen then we'll have to go
back to the vaginal probe okay the word
let me know if I said too much pressure
okay I'll look for baby first and then I
show me oh okay okay hope you guys are
having that for pretty different confirm
so every appointment that you still have
an ultrasound scheduled will still USC
or the sensitivity also beautiful
treasure feel
so they okay yeah you so hard if you
need to be having one Chris yes
good you can see one come on a gimmick I
don't know what I'm looking at I see two
things I'm like okay so now that like
this came up anything but this is these
header here
oh cool how do you even know are you
just going to tip you can come in they
did in the beginning look like just a
few heads makes you look a with dot yeah
then and you other things at lunch yeah
that's okay
yeah yeah you can go a lot order the
bodies are here very little okay
what are you working in there
who have found
ya feelin breathing yes ma'am back and
forth Oh put these out there what are
you talking about that's the whole point
that's the whole point of this is great
sure it out loud or it was data inside
what are we doing capable today I am
going to get some blood work looks today
I'm going to get some blood work done
that's going to determine if the baby
has any sort of diseases or chromosomes
that are missing or anything and it's
also going to determine the sex of the
baby and I get to find that out in a
week or we can have who else are these I
was asking because normally women don't
find out until they're about like 20 20
weeks pregnant or so but if you do that
via ultrasound and that's just looking
at an image and trying to like decisive
anyways yeah and that's usually about 70
to 95 percent accurate but with the
bloodwork it's pretty close to 100%
accuracy so we're going to skip all of
weeks and it can be a lot more accurate
and she was also asking me if we wanted
to know the gender when they call this
because we're going to see a phone call
or if we should keep it a secret and
then we have the revealed part I'm like
I am waiting I want to know right away
and which gender do you have a
preference initially I wanted a boy so
much oh they're so much easier to take
care of I'm like boy you should be
little bit more rough and tough and like
you know like wrestle with them or
whatever and then on the other hand like
all but a crow will be so cute we could
dress all like pretty and pink and you
can take mobility classes and they're
just a lot more dainty and softer and
more OPD and Anna listen or nothing
that's mommy but then I'm like I don't
know I kind of we're both now so I don't
care I'll be happy with anything you
know you can't have both at the same
time no I don't blame her for that
I didn't say I won't both at the same
time I said I'm happy with either one of
the two look you love you too
we shine heartbeat and it was like whoa
whoa
I think I laughed them in moves I think
I woke it up or something so to me I
know wrong I've been doing so much
research you know when the baby gets
more developed in the tummy it could
even cry in there I'm so cute in crying
there but you can't hear because of all
the fluid there's quite a little baby
tears one other cool another callback
yeah but I'm about four months pregnant
the baby starts urinating in the fact
that at dinner I'm exaggerating a little
this function I know and then it's like
drinking the pit now perfect but that's
just what's happening no wonder why
babies are bad bet they do
I just care about hey yeah I know so
many bred in fact now I don't mind I
just don't like looking what I don't
know we're not used to having needles on
my hand so it freaks me out
we just that didn't work I know it
happened so fast
I didn't realize this moment no you're
just a voice Wow I don't
they're crazy papa
yeah potatoes how do you filter this
whole thing no honestly it's pretty
nerve-wracking because I've never been a
dad before good so because of that I'm
like oh I don't know what to expect or
anything and earlier when um the nurse
was saying she's looking for the
heartbeat I'm like oh please please
please please please be a hard baby
harder Barbie because she kept like
rolling around and she was like we have
one right you don't have to right I'm
like shut the fuck up a tunnel ha ha ha
Wow I get inside of my please and then I
certainly found the heartbeat of it Oh
little guy has a heart B or little girl
and I'm I was so relieved because
there's just so many stories of people
having the first confirmed heartbeat and
then because of something they get a
miscarriage or whatever so it's just
awesome that everything is going great
right now through all the trainings the
work you just getting on and off a plane
nothing has affected the babies the
doctor says everything is according to
plan so I feel so so happy and your wife
is a genetic God everything's perfect my
wife is a pain in the ass yes you're
right
hey what I just got home had a long-ass
day the battery died so I couldn't have
loved anything after the doctor's visit
it soon as I know believe me I was there
I was like neighbor you're gonna floss
now I'm just kidding it done really
doing those tours woman good you want to
sleep on the pan that counts tonight I'm
gonna sleep on my hammock are you high
with night talking about I don't know
but this lady is obviously crazy by some
a few calories to fill so I'm gonna make
some delicious and I'm talking about
delicious gourmet ramen and just start
that you guys if you guys don't know
what the fuck this is and I'm talking
about end up back if you eat this in the
cup it does not do the same you
use noodles from how I remember it's so
bomb that if they put these into like
ramen restaurant I could probably pass
because it's al dente so let me get I'm
gonna get this why are you rolling your
eyes for no reason we all know every
time we remember some food from the past
and the present it sucks ass no all
right well anyway forget eat Thai food
thingy so what I'm gonna get today is
imma get you know about that ramen got a
pro egg in there oh but I know about it
I'm not half the yolk gives that creamy
texture and I got I got extra green
onion BAM put that on there and then I
got some sliced chicken BAM fulfill my
calories add a little bit of protein and
it's going to be magical right now with
boiling some water right now and I don't
know why this much was we picked up a
boil I was trying to boil half of it but
because Madre I heard my ideational to
jump on my bandwagon and now I got a
boil double the water so you know what I
said out in the garage
I said saying you know what I'm going to
eat right now I'm about to eat some eco
waffles not a brand deal if you're
watching Sex Lies that I'm a decent
angle offices what I initially wanted
was the Korean ramen and you were like
oh my that you said let me repeat up
your things the weird stuff everyone
else my new Kalani we come up so because
I'm their money you call me my new book
I don't even know why I keep you around
this guy is doing your job for you
why am I even keeping you around uh
should I show you what's doing your job
for you my bedroom drawing oh nothing
all right I haven't had this in years so
this is my moment of truth I got my a
made the broth on creamy got my chicken
for my protein are you should age tough
I don't see any any cooked pieces and
eggs yes those are is creamy enough that
I blasted it just like soondubu I've
never seen it like that
Oh necessarily went straight to the back
result
no I thought you two stick to the right
ship nonsense Padilla does a little
complaining you know it comes in in July
so half sake half punching we didn't do
it justice I'm not to do it again
another day
I fucked up you know there's no bomb
though it's still bum still gonna finish
it
let's try minor trial no way your hips
lemon Ellen in it mine is cook look at
that he did see little white teeth - how
about eating competitions you've been
something well mine isn't cold night
good when it's Semien yummy mmm I'm
going to that bit more I don't want em
Anila you you you guys are the lucky
Baltic how do they cook ramen or top
ramen because you got to do it the
weirdest way no if I have all my
ingredients will be bombed no no but I'm
just cooking because you guys blow the
water and put on top of the the wrong
way that's why it comes out crunchy like
that
no but it's also because you hijacked my
pot Alice I was going to you and she
would be she's boiling enough so I'm
putting in the microwave yeah it's all
mental only this pot I'm gonna put it
cook you eat it boom that's done give it
to you you can do it again but instead
let's do this sure way and then both of
our Ramadan yes that's not me why though
lesbian of the night guys when you sure
you get fucked
so don't share a damn thing I think both
of you guys messed up you should have
you should have both though noodle with
the bra with the water on the pot that's
all its name oh why figures are going to
pour the water I was gonna have a water
in your boil
okay Oh what did she do ah but yeah
oh my hot build it all the way up so we
can do it this way
oh yeah
fr good so baaaaad I didn't come play
college well at least my age totally
good look good
every kid's position though no I'm
telling you you're here yolk in all
right what did you get for wide part
liquid different carbon or cuz I cooked
my egg he didn't okay
there's no pieces of 18 yards it's all
up in here
no you might not have been there I got
chicken of mine this is probably argue
all day missus how they are you fond of
art huh
come on Donna
I don't know eat that you don't even
have a cook-off who can make the best
rob their own way and then I'll be the
taster
are you down to make ramen no I can't
cook ramen cut off run from it ramen is
like the Pegasus you can anyone who
makes yeah local thing all you pretty
much have to do is add in your own
flavor if you can when we're even have
enough chopsticks s that you at the fork
and all my Asian people know that as
soon as yet to eat Asian food with the
part it doesn't taste good so already
the genres on it taste good
oh here's ya know that you'll yeah
you're gonna get sorry sorry I said
y'all that's my meal that's a good stuff
hmm to make sure when I growing up in
the middle of night you record that I am
I know that's what can happen
no not see mine is a really bad cook
never in a rotted before no it's how
you've not you this by the you never ate
sukiyaki
no you guys know what sukiyaki you don't
sukiyaki avoid it
sukiyaki is um like a shabu shabu but
have a sweet soy sauce we dip your meat
in there let me pull it out and you dip
it into right and you call like that and
it does slimy oh is that what and
resident yeah I'm with shabu-shabu
design a little advantage
not now buddy
my second bomb
you add your own medicine I did
hello Sophie knocking I got sliced
chicken I thought you don't grow
anything this does it
what you taking from from now brigitte
bardot anything me pocket okay wasn't a
deli meat for like months ago I was in
there I feel like bar wouldn't care who
is gonna not knows our word please
growls dude I'm a gentleman
I'm prospective acquitting see why we
argue meeting okay is my date I just fix
it keeping the food in your mouth
for now all right it's great bomb you
mean another one oh you can't
alright guys that's it for tonight I'm
extremely tired I'm going to probably go
upstairs use the hot tub or downstairs
use the hot tub for a little bit and
then take a shower
and jump into this bad boy right here
good night
