you knocked up
so now so now that I'm logged up I have
to make sure Oh for those you guys that
don't know what love is basically a mic
I get miked up
so now that I'm miked up I have to make
sure that the sound levels are good so
sound test sound touch yo please
test test test test test test testing
testing testing test test person tend to
move and move and move and move and
movement how does it sound good
hey what's your change to how well can
you I hi everyone how all the question
yeah of course right now I'm getting
Fred fun before the actual shoot but
tell me what I can and cannot do and how
I'm supposed to play this game and how
the intro will happen not scripted but
just how the intro has happened
everything else is just straight from
the dome so this is what I currently see
no more subjective that's both pretty
hard to help I can I can tell you way
faster all the things I think you know
we're playing live then from you tell
you what I do to convince you that on
that line like I do ideally I can do
both though it's like I try not to smile
a little straight in the eye you know I
just like for graboids
like I try to look for their smiles so I
feel like they could go either way that
leaves the other one yet other ones more
like I know in their lying because of
this what the no sweater that one that I
mean let's do our one done by the
perceptive by Lisa mmmm-mmm I don't know
what's happening it doesn't matter his
breeding is that other one eventually we
used to us flogging they don't give a
shit that we're vlogging anymore shut up
distracting me oh nasty loss now we are
getting into position so they're telling
you were to sit so they could go to the
camera angles and today my partner my
counter partner is your sleigh ha ha
good morning we want your what little
hey my little faggoty Oh
my mommy my little buggy buggy ha ha ha
all right that's too much energy
combined is when you guys are doing this
gameplay try not since we had these two
cameras right behind you shooting the
opposite person not to lean if you're
Gio's try not to lean too far left and
if you're Josh don't block this your
right side yeah whatever the sign that
always favored that side all right
just wrapped our first shoot moving into
a second video that we're filming today
and I am part of team greet my
counterpart okay and my partner is going
to be by Ron the player on nobody calls
them that but me and yeah I think we're
going to do impressions and accents and
I'm going to do totally choked the stunt
is not what I do
so we'll see how that does I'm not Rama
bad but I know I'm gonna say oh but I
think it's I think it'll be funny to
fail because then I just have too much
you serve up some white shit on my face
I'm sorry
something like powder that sounded very
section I'm going to go now all right
these are the teams for today's game we
have bar wrong geo Joe tip bar Josh and
Julia and Julia is going to be our host
but before I roll I just need to stand
in the Sun and just feel it get some
vitamin D and I feel like I'm in a box
all day so I don't get any Sun clearly
because I'm pale as shit and pasty I
wear white I just look like I blend in
with a white wall or something it's
horrible
done
it look so good I think I could sweet
send enough good British no British
British accent you have to say the under
trumpets all the time the time like that
ain't good enough the pulping of woman
today is more Australian man on the
barbie late oh that is hard pause a
swordfish not Marlon I fucking feel
waters it'll sort of state what's the
different thing
I am sick dude I wonder what this is a
shoe yeah a pony I don't know what on
earth it has my name I don't know why I
just just sitting there with my name cuz
it for you oh oh so one just left it
y'all know where it is
where's my phone where's my oh are you
ready to host yes I am are you nervous a
little bit because I haven't really
hosted I remember doing it in a very
beginning of my just kidding party days
but I don't do it as much in any way ah
you just have to relax real I just
listened to everything okay that's it so
relax and listen yeah okay I think I so
remember do you know I don't know I'm
just kidding
you've got to relax and listen literally
listening is the best thing okay but
you'll learn that once you start taking
improv classes you just listen and yes
yes and alright good luck
thank you so everyone's in pricing their
accents I haven't seen you practice once
today cuz that's cheating huh I'm trying
to be real try to do off the dome
you're breaking last night though yeah
he's definitely see you gotta treat this
like school you got the real people that
really care about their jobs right and
then those are the guys that are
studying the night before and they put
in their work and afterwards you just
eat like a normal person then you got
the sheet mass motherfuckers in class
right and shit on the desk
we're the fucking procedure put a little
fucking cheat sheets everybody head no
one's writing anything on any desk
you're fucking practicing your nuts in
their mouth I've been there I need to
make sense
they're just brushing on which is that
chicken a little alright well we'll see
who will be victorious just wait for
that joke a board and political mail I
don't even know what action that was
it's horrible I'm gonna fucking lose
really really really really Arnold this
challenge is going to be impossible
since we're given like a list of 50 by
the time I learned is one when I got to
the third one it already already got all
mixed up yes so if someone says Arnold
Schwarzenegger I might turn into a
pirate I don't know oh my god
how do I do own fortune eager oh god you
did it so I get to go all right so it's
lunchtime and everyone's eating soup
with a fish and it looks fucking
delicious especially the tuna one look
at that oh so good and then they have I
got to get these little pepper Cheney
those look bomb but unfortunately I
can't eat it because it's cold cut meat
and I'm so stupid so I got the weirdest
shit I could possibly get at 2:30 and
that's breakfast baby look at that I got
me a waffle scrambled eggs bacon and a
weird ass hot chocolate leaving a weirdo
I mean one of my meal prep has a
barbecued chicken that looks good
actually what I did is I got kimchi I
threw it on there and I took some soy
sauce on the circle and mix it all up I
like the mashup
and so now I have this barbeque kimchi
so it's not chicken with rice and
cabbage any so fancy
this pretty good sure you're also really
fast because I couldn't help the hello
distracted by your screen what what is
that this is an air pass through no
behind that just a tiger
that's fucking cute I never saw that
what my little poison how do we have a
tiger on there come on loaded the tiger
a long time ago buddies never use it
Nestle cute Rick a word of just finish
eating but I am exhausted so I've set an
alarm so they can see for at least 30
minutes there's no caffeine thing while
pregnant is really her to be hard so I'm
gonna take a nap a little fur baby here
in Bart's office on the couch and I will
talk to you guys later we are doing we
are getting ready for the eat or wear it
challenge and we right now are preparing
for the fashion show
can you show me what the walk is going
to look like yes that's what's happening
the fashion show easy to wear it
challenge if you haven't heard of the
challenge yet we should call a queue a
catwalk at the end the challenge with
everyone is for what what the creation
looks like after I just realized I
forgot to bring that another bra so if
it gets on a bra book and underwear you
have to go braless Wow Michael I don't
want it from you dude so such a good
size I don't like your tone dude if it
wasn't like matter-of-fact like enough
to go braless it was like Eddie gonna
have to go braless why is it every time
and just with me you know this better
that with other people
he doesn't talk bad for sure what the
fuck Michael's witty you get nervous
is it comfortable here in this pot hey
he'll me bleep as crew and and someone
behind the camera how do you feel when
you want to challenges and the
contestants suffer I thank God every day
that I'm not cast especially on these
type of challenges because I have a
really sensitive gag reflex and then
seeing everybody else's stuff like you
guys aren't bitches catches and bitches
but when it comes at this stuff and they
scream and go crazy I'm like plug a must
really bad and when I was beyond Camus
modeling and laughing damn it so I'm
about to take a picture of Bart because
there's just a lot of matching going on
and I think it makes for a great picture
describe the matching when you point at
it he's wearing a golden rod shirt it's
kind of like orange yellow and then he's
sitting on a nice yellow stool with a
yellow cushion and there's a yellow door
behind perfect but what about his skin
his skin is actually yellow as well
disease agent you know that's what they
say so there is the perfect picture with
Bart give me that Asian squat okay do
the big here yeah that is a great
picture
Harvick's everything it's like in LA
yeah because of Joe's crazy outrage and
fuckin rage moments we're taking extra
precaution err measures in laying out
additional tarp because we just he's a
variable over here he looks calm he
looks good but as soon as the cameras
are rolling hold out a Monsta surprise
this is aftermath of our final challenge
you have to watch we all had to take a
shower
wait look at Julia I'll put in here we
will look at the way to look at them
that's not part of the tone that's part
of it everything smells like ass right
now is crazy like my skin burn if you
can see that line everyone's outside
right now
trying to clean all set look at that I
cannot wait what is you're actually
going to challenge without giving
anything away it was really good I
didn't even eat just smelling it my
stomach squeezed I was pretty gross
especially yeah when people started
wearing stuff that would be gross I
cannot wait for you guys the wisest
videos because our heart soul sweat and
tears went into it and it is snuggly
shit I can't wait for you to watch it
either they wear a challenge coming out
soon what are you doing please do thank
you comparing rocks why what are you
going to do with the broth I'm gonna
make my bear some porridge because it's
cold and I like you to make my bear
fruit because it makes her feel very
CUNY and I'm going to make a chicken and
ginger porridge so a warm her warm up
her body cuz ginger one just your body
in the cold I'm the luckiest girl in the
world I feel so special
Thank You papa I can't wait to taste
them those could be really yummy
Shivam holds out one quick observation
that I made on girls shopping and
organization versus guys shopping an
organization
look at how Paul beare has is Clark look
at that
it's a fucking mess in the minute it's
horrible you can't even put anything
else in there cause it's such a mess
oh I like how it's upside-down
what do you know about this and what do
you know about this and then what do you
know about the hey Batman you put that
in there trick you see you didn't grow
up ghetto enough you don't know what a
real Thanksgiving dinner in the egg with
the chicken Doubront seaweed no BMO sit
we will sit hit me low let's give you
you little domesticated honey what
looking all cute like you know what
you're doing Thank You Syd yummy good
luck it's the last one fun yeah she's
skinny very low skinny bitch oh fuck
there no oh miss okay so this side
you're prepping what the chicken I'm
prepping the chicken is dropping the
base and then over here way to bring
that to a boil
it's a white rice in the chicken broth
yeah oh damn shits about to go down
lucky me talk to me about the toxin I
see you bro we're done and I think it's
a success
my goal was to make something that was
very hearty but also very wholesome but
also flavorful and someone that hits
something that hits the soul
kind of like soul food and I think I was
able to achieve it
hopefully mother teeth it feels really
warm warms up doesn't feel like she has
a cold anymore and they should get
Pawnee oh there's our just chicken
there's protein do you see a ginger
don't eat it unless you want to but
there's a little pieces of bok choy in
here bok choy yeah you got that Choi is
a piece of bok choy
oh no greenery you know there's some
veggies just chicken in here because we
know a little baby needs protein Wow
chicken in here I'm so spoiled and then
we got a little onions and stuff and a
little green onions oh my god I didn't
know you could do this have your majors
before no when I put us on a Maui sweet
onion I was kind of like thinking like
what goes together and then I cut the
Maui sweet onions a little bit of
sweetness and then the green onion and
the sugar let's just emboss I'm excited
you want to use a dress no Chinese I
listen but a Chinese food
Bon Appetit thank you for the bread
I want a stick
okay you promise so perfect you promise
us exactly what my body's good morning
you promise it's so perfect plumber
unite online silly yeah I tell you I'm
just like new hands alright this is so
good
big candy hopefully this makes you feel
really good and get really warming it
really well thank you so much
promise me and I swear to god I'm lying
are you I swear to you it's um
