it's super early in the morning right
now behind me is the bar barbar gay team
and we're about to go to Colorado to
meet up with Bryce Lewis who is one of
our sponsored athletes and I love going
on trips with these guys because it's so
fun it's just cool to experience and
travel with everyone in the team what do
you guys think is a lot of fun why your
generation there's a new generations way
of hanging out where's your phone at was
it why are you lying
I have no phone this is where new
generation here where's your phone yeah
put your phone on we're studying where's
your phone this is how this is how they
talk that's weird
I'm before is a crazy were you looking
for - the monkey connecting line oh he's
looking forward to comes out of Colorado
everyone's trying to get food right now
and we're all starving because we all
woke up hella early but since we got
transferred to this random like remote
terminal that we've never seen the only
food option we have is this plane so all
they have our sandwiches and drink I got
my coffee already and I'm headed over
here and also a yogurt parfait but I
really wanted like a big breakfast meal
a healthy of course but o Mara has all
the food good I am starving the
traveling to eat let's go sit on the
floor
what you're getting at but how
stereotypical did white getting wrapped
for weird mean - everyone knows you were
gonna get a wrap everyone predicted it
is the best way to either solid really
you wrap it up you don't like the sauce
though I know I wish I did I do got
healthier where'd you go I got a
prosciutto panini so it's like a cured
meat with cheese and they grill it and
then it's going to be soft on the inside
oh that looks bomb would you get
croissants and ham cheese for soft you
know how to order huh did you get any
girl fruit okay well I got a parfait -
did you get water I got a turkey sausage
bagel or something all right sounds mom
where'd you get a loose another chicken
caesar wrap holiday please not bad
please uh that was that he's a solid in
a rat now what you're expecting
yeah are we expecting like rice and a
much others no I was expecting just
thought oh good I got a cookie too
it's always hard to find like food that
really hits the spot at the airport huh
yeah Colorado has good Airport oh do
they Moo not really good food North
Carolina has the bat does everybody know
I don't know we're supposed to take off
at night and are now the flights been
delayed and the new time is 9:40 and
that's something that I never really
understood because you will see Airlines
are the big-ass corporation - it's a
big-ass corporation we should have
everything mapped out kind of like FedEx
or UPS and you would think things should
only be early but now it's late and we
just heard that they're changing a tire
and I'm like what you have to change a
tire on an airplane should you have
known that like days or weeks ago like
how did you just find out you got to
change tires on the plane right don't
you keep track of the tire tread like
even my car will let me know in 5000
miles I got to change the tread on my
tires is interesting by at least to get
more bonding time for every weigh-in
you're not light numbers and you and
mother bonding on the new I saw one of
them you know
that's every opportunity goes oh he does
have caffeine which he hasn't had in a
while I was checking out his heart rate
and it's 70 well was that well I wonder
it into a hundred and to do that coffee
God to me dude
why did you drink coffee if you just
click not going I don't know don't you
want to sleep on the bathroom right away
why you thinking Dookie you know wait
how come you decided ring contrary quit
caffeine don't like sleeping on planes
I don't think pre-workout or monsters
anymore now I don't like sleeping on
planes or cars like staying awake and
seeing everything or reading or doing
something
yes please you bought something to me uh
yeah but thank you thank you thank you
you look how both you guys look crazy
you got like four layers on how many
layers you have on man yeah that's my
merino sheep face where the gas might be
crewneck and a feeding back if it is the
first thing that I do every time I get
on my bike it take off my shoes to get
comfortable
what's the first thing you do more bad I
took my mall next week really that's the
first thing I did I got a good daughter
actually good enough to do the same
thing now you can't sexting her and the
first thing I do is kick up my gear to
get comfortable no and then after I'd
text her then I'm like cool cuz you have
limited amount of time before you take
off and then you no longer have any like
conceptions right yeah I get that out of
and I'm like cool now I'm completed on
my test that's my time to relax
fine that's it really feel bad
how was that landing the landing is
great but before you signed the check
where the land Hawking or lawyer here I
told you her be women are that like
everywhere we were like weightless like
and I'm realize I'm actually a roller
coaster stick yeah like that Wheatley
name is like given great honey we're
going on a tour Sampath and it was
lightning there's a crazy tree basement
has a donor versus a common image like
you get caught that is hopefully what I
don't care my palms are pudding I think
that was one of the scariest circular
rise attack not only like roller
coasters so I could just feel my stomach
below and it was do it like this all but
the existing upholding mothers and the
whole time and I felt heart and
I feel something okay so what any teller
sixes why are you so sick definitely
right what's so scary
all I was going through and he said I
close my eyes and that's what I thought
like when airplanes crash yeah hey sandy
common high regular music you know I
hold it hey why are you taking my drink
I don't hold on no I'm not but I wanna
go see it
let's see let's see what's the process
like flex stop showing back shot but
it's a road head without back shot
people can live on ab side it killed me
all Skype we were supposed to talk about
real things all they did is make fun of
my Instagram post no one cares about
progress picks up your back I don't see
anything
your flight wasn't scary it was really
scary I'm like sweaty it was crazy good
that's when you know it's bad no one
made a noise in art oh hi I'm like shut
the fuck up
Oh often here look Iran some barber for
our first meat ever
and then I don't know why they thought
it would be funny if like we burned
people flat hairs and so we got a
lighter as they burn branding and
Escobedo black hair and Alex shows why
did anything
oh you know that a moment yeah and then
I expended with going to get over this
what are you talking about
Oh God when is that idea just pop in
your head so that's the first idea that
pops into my mind it was you're the
you're the planner of this whole thing
actually I was I was dude
and we're gonna it was a Adam Brandon
Jake shredder
Alex how many people plus level to you
black just to ask him about the one time
yes and then Alex went into the Korean
spa about that is oh so there's some
debate there rumor I so mean smoky were
confused whether it's the sauna or was a
jockey room was it a haha which side a
hot tub or was it a steam room which
which one I guess there's a real one
were you happy the one you found love I
guess when you consummated your
friendship that love tree what happened
what caught your eye dancing at my we do
ride ride you also did a move away after
I did try and go away no you said that
you believe a try and they're a little
comfortable okay that's not you
ah guys respect me live ensure that all
this room eating rubbing off on me
Hani cookie stop that way but I did bend
over uh Sarah and Alex on the sauce did
you rock when they do just give a little
peep show buzzer oh I just made the
hardest decision of my life so I'm on a
diet and you guys know that but when I
travel I like to try new stuff and they
have this burger called the power with
two burger patties and I know I've tried
that before but I'm just in this big
family sharing celebratory big family
mood that I was like maybe I should get
that but then I see by Sonoma oh cool so
I can go the diet friendly route and
it's always so conflicted I'm like what
should i do what should I do
and I was good I met halfway I got the
tower so I got two fights and patties
once I season no bacon so what are you
talking about where'd you get one peg I
went one patty pepper jack cheese
I got a bison though and French agha
bison I should have gone chicken did you
go fries did you get frightened I don't
know I'm not going after that you would
we make the fit you would find I got
fried pickles with the vegetable no
that's worse than fries like that crime
and that's worth the part you probably
went milkshake and didn't even invite me
no I asked them if they had root beer
float they said no oh but you were going
with in the milkshake are you to get a
milkshake I know but they have to oh no
big we don't have ice cream hub but you
know it sounds the best if popcorn
chicken nuggets I'd love that
Oh pretzel you want to press on sighs we
got everything here oh my god
fried football chocolate chip and I
guess oh my oh border dispatch what are
you praying
oh my god I got my protein now and then
I all that do we don't got pictures
I got vegetables pit holes and onion
it's important that vegetables in the
diet need fiber what the hell I got
potatoes too
Oh all right so Bryce will be here
recommended to your garden junk and this
was really cool because they have I
haven't tried the burgers with the
burgesses bonus+ it looks like he's on
some sort of brioche bun I'm not sold
are you suppose but any recommended
price of show oh hey that guy you
recommended fried pickles I'm so glad
you did vegetable mr. Kornegay
adventures this looks like the matter of
my chicken that's amazing it is bomb he
ordered bison burgers and I had
caramelized onions and blue cheese on
top
praval view oh yeah yeah so nice in
Colorado thank you
watch you run away with the camera
we just checked into our B&B and this
place is huge it's not matching Hughes
or MTV Cribs huge but for a normal house
that's really big and I wish that a
house like this could be affordable in
California one of the barbel guys just
look this place up on Zillow and it goes
for about 300 grand so 300 grand you can
barely buy maybe a one-bedroom house in
California but Colorado it's this
big-ass house and it has like even
though like the furniture looks kind of
cheesy because is entropy a video like
these random voices but it's a big house
and this is the living room upstairs you
go over here and I love when the steps
within the same story so you have
another bedroom here you have the
bedroom where I was just at the master
bedroom and the bathroom is pretty big
so if you go over here you'll see like
double sink separate shower bathtub all
of that and this is just upstairs and
there's two more room over there the
nice stuff like I said three rooms
actually whoa oh no if it's a bathroom
bathroom with double sink and then also
we got a bedroom another bedroom let's
see what's going on downstairs
I think everyone taking out downstairs
because I was taking a shit earlier
so coming downstairs seeing where
everyone's at you got one living room
right here
Oh everyone's hanging out over here what
are you guys doing Oh work it out love
videos if somebody brought in to build
video to the first meet that we went to
so you guys gonna watch the adult video
now we're gonna all girlfriend get to
ship it time home time photographers but
we love your pictures of
B&B lady she's like okay you guys left
the video here it was like oh Gordon I
was like all of the actors who's holding
the pointer in her hand
yeah oh my gosh she with it and that she
was like she was all like oh y'all be
excited too and also to my house today
Wow this relaxing lady over here be
planning go sleep well do it here crazy
it sounds pretty big huh wait how that
person get privacy
for sure that's a note section in there
sure that's a fuckin Asian house what I
do not even house they try to cut
corners and make shit happen until I see
what I'm gonna put a window in there now
it's time to Train because whenever you
visit an athlete you have to hang out by
training together and price products
over to the home gym which is the Rocky
Mountain lifting Club and they literally
have everything here like every machine
that has ever been invented is here this
place reminds me more of a workout
supply warehouse than it does of a gym
because everything's are stacked closely
together but they literally have every
single bodybuilding weightlifting
powerlifting machine you can think up
are you gonna change my mind oh well you
got to learn that good not not quite
that good yet okay fine what do the
methods Jimbo as you walk around
yeah like a fuckin playground like they
even hurdles yeah
they literally have like everything
everything this is so cool yeah awesome
check it out
so what are you deciding to do right now
you prayed yes I don't want to do it but
feel and Annie and Vietnam three I I saw
when we first walked in on the line
there's a challenge I poured I've never
done any time for the food place will be
fuck it vacated I'm 90 whenever I work
out so I can write we work under things
of ramen I know it's 5.5 pounds I have
to finish 924 minute I've never even
seen you finish one bowl of ramen before
I have any other what is people what are
we going to computer if I do that
there's like a two other thing so what's
your strategy because I saw you looking
through the different block I'm at level
subscribers get something that will be
playing the tongue house feels like hope
it would still be hot super life but
after this making might hold off until
it cools off a bit and then kind of yeah
like a dream black then we'll try to eat
as much like a noodle as it's cooling
off of the middle to kind of soak up all
the liquid kind of foggy food I think
what you want to do is when it's kind of
like al dente it's not counting it I
could also pay for it then you could
take it like any mother you think the
beans gonna be able to complete the
challenge
Wow everybody would you put money on the
beat win that challenge mark part
anything I doubt if I was really hungry
I'm sorry what Oh real are you gonna do
it yeah all right all-you-can-eat sushi
and stuff I'll be done it should we go
for like an hour
oh look at
she goes not she put it down ended
behind her I don't know at this table
but Marcus Filipino spender are you
Marcus would you it is awful 300 pounds
pony pony was John yes Tony without
giving up everything yeah which is
downsizing portal pull you them
stoppable
I got create a barbecue will get a
platter and eat like this for those
neighbor Tony you put it all on you take
all of it definitely
that's appetizer is standing on right
away
hi just knowing me you present all the
deliveries not a tiny bit before that's
a big a photography I could allow do it
