okay so today is JK news day which means
I get to be in a room with all of my
friends which is really really fucking
cool but we just took a break for lunch
time and I'm so excited cuz I'm so damn
hungry I was gonna look at lines on the
way home I depart no soap opera got
pasola like every week my mom higher up
you've been doing this for like ten
minutes
well I put the cabbage the onions and in
the radish in here and then what I like
to do is I put it in here first so that
I can kind of cook it a little bit so I
reckon with a little bit soft then I add
the lemon juice and then in the
microwave simultaneously I'm heating up
my other meal that's my actual meal and
I'm supposed to be eating this is just
for flavor of my mouth because I'm a fat
guy so I'm trying to like find loopholes
and how I can get mean and I feel like I
figured like every five days if I have a
half cheat it's not that bad
so I'm just preparing this just so right
when that's done I can have a bada bada
bing bang bang bang - Gawain okay so
everyone is done eating their lunch see
there's just remnants of food everywhere
Julia's studying for more articles I
think yeah Bart stronger but right now
for me the most important thing is
actually hold on
I just wanted to make sure I wasn't
overexposed but I think for me right now
the most important thing is for me to
call my doctor because I have a trip to
Colorado that I have to go to tomorrow
and it didn't even dawn on me that I
might not even have any clearance to fly
so I think it's important that I call so
that's what I do right now I'm going to
call Pharaoh
I'm calling
here we go
or it's going to be nosing you're going
to see what I'm doing
was I right was there right yeah
are they gonna answer for how canal View
hi I just have a general question
so I'm ten weeks pregnant
I've yet to see my actual doctor but I
have to fly out tomorrow I wanted to
know if it was okay for me to do that
cause your doctor nutri well it can be
me three
okay let me transfer you to his assist
animal that okay okay thank you you're
welcome
- Maxie so with um Oh hold on Kevin a
cold sooner such a horrible mom already
I'm so sorry baby
Angela or Max or Juliet I don't know I
don't even want I don't even want those
names I have no names in mine I'm
squatting between two cars right away
outside
happy
hello
hello
okay kind of call that
coming back again afternoon Carol now
this advantium help you hi I think I may
have just spoken with you about speaking
to dr. Mitri assistant I think yes how
can I help um so I think he transferred
me over to speak to her but then the
call just got cut off
oh I might try again I just mean aren't
you a available hold on okay hon thanks
thank you
Oh more here we go
I think hole sinner probably cuz I don't
know how to mom didn't think surely you
have reached Amanda and Adriana doctor
mentioned medical assistance they can't
get to the phone right now so if you
could please leave your clear message
with your name date of birth phone
number any reason for a call and look
back two images we can't thank you
alright so I kind of had to cut that
short cuz they're asking so many details
um but yeah I don't know I have to fly
out tomorrow didn't sink if it was safe
or not
because like I'm not even showing like
if anyone sees me they're like you're
not pregnant you're just bloated so yeah
I've yet to see my doctor I've just seen
assistance and different nurses and
stuff for different things
next week I actually officially see my
doctor so that's when be really cool
because then I get to see you know
personality if we buy this with gel if
it's cool if I like it
I have so many questions like one of the
main questions on if you've noticed but
I have a lot of white hair and that's
something that's genetic in my family
like we call it the kirino curse because
everyone on my dad's side has a lot of
white hair like in their 20s it's like
the worst thing ever and it sucks
because I got it um and I'm just so
scared to dye my hair like my mom's like
don't worry about it I dyed my hair with
all of you guys and you guys keep on
perfectly fine and I'm thinking did we
come outside as we were a little bit
crazy but I rather just hear it from a
professional and have that plan from him
and him say yeah it's cool dye your hair
do whatever just because I don't any
chemicals into the body come up beside
the baby so I'm gonna do any of that but
I just have so many questions one of
them just being can I fly so we'll see I
think
hi this is geo and I smell service just
kept cutting me off so I had to
re-record the message like five times so
I had like a 10-second window so I was
just like that sorry about that I'm like
the only thing that they need to know is
my phone number so I'm just going to
leave that in there okay
what yes serve on a corn hello
hello you know the time I start to eat
so the flight in the morning flower it's
the Colorado
yeah the flights to Colorado yeah hello
hello hello hello hello hello hello
hello hello
yeah can hear me yes yeah it's going to
re it's just to Colorado I find it okay
okay it should be fine if it's more than
two hours we just adjust to up and down
the aisles every two hours but if it's
just over there
but it keeps getting you know hello
geo can hear me yeah now I can okay cool
so if it's more than two hours you just
recommend walking up and down the aisle
right oh no it's happening
oh yeah yes I'm so sorry I don't know
why it's why it's breaking up now hello
hello hello hello yeah she's okay you
know hard in another area or oh this
sounds way better now hell yeah
fuck well that was fucking frustrating I
guess it's okay to do so I think it
sounded like it was yes go ahead and
clearance more than two hours walk up
and down so that was cool
that was frustrating but she's gonna
send me an email and I'm going to ask
her a couple questions there but I
should be good a go Colorado see you
sued alright just finish just kidding
news and now we're filming art card
check out the magic over here with this
Bob this is not oh hey Dickie hi Jake
hey Pam what do you call your family
Vance
I don't know no it's the band yeah oh hi
little pinion you should definitely
check out her videos she's fucking
coolest girl ever and I don't even like
a lot of girls but not that different
arrangement you're ready personal
foursome you here we go
you got to save a no-pressure so you
don't regret your shabu-shabu i this is
the most important thing ever before I
do anything you are yes okay so one two
three four five six seven eight nine all
these people with all these people
waiting on Bart look at this give me a
little bit here I feel like those chairs
are very expended in a break these are
thousand dollars man but we got him at a
discount so they're not really that
expensive
like okay
all right camera speed and hey what's
going on you - oh no what is this what
are we going we're going
whoof under pressure on there on godness
so personal so should be good effort
Allah
oh so much pleasure I decide to farm
again
I'm subscribe time breathing and hey
they're just kidding new friends I hope
you guys like that fucking video I had a
crush I just had to fucking do it
ah but remember follow us on our
personal social medias if you guys want
to follow our lives shit because I
fucking love you and take all these
videos looking fuck this bitch right
here with the camera right there there
you guys know what the fuck
how are you doing fuck you for Colorado
are you all done yep
CUNY how can you use this luggage versus
the big ones that we got from aria
because I think we're only going to be
there for pretty much two days so this
is our little quick traveler today pack
and then the other one is more for like
a week and it's huge
CUNY so since I got the clearance
I'm also packing and it's really cool
because the temperature is going to be
usable at 65 it's going to be 65 or 60s
a hot so it's going to be like 30
degrees at night which is pretty much
freezing and depending on where we're at
in Colorado the altitude could be high
which means 30 degrees might feel like
20 degrees because the higher you go
into the air the thinner the air and
then the more intense the temperatures
well with that being said lucky for me I
bought this for my year of trip my
little sleeping bag so I'm going to be
sporting this for sure and one of the
things that we're going to do out in
Colorado is one bond with our friend out
there but two is going to be we're going
to be hiking so I don't have any trail
shoes so I got some trail shoes um I
went with the brand that I trust and I
know so I went with New Balance and
these are like a hybrid shoe it's a
trail and running shoe so it's really
really light but look at all this grip
pretty cool um I / nighted them so I
have some trail shoes and I am literally
packing like I'm packing when I went to
Europe so I have my base layer basically
your pants basically a shirt and they
have my pant here that have that fur
lining these are the these are the North
Face ones that you can like go into snow
and like you're okay but I usually
double their I'll get these pants with
the base layer underneath it and high
socks
you know I'm pretty good in case of snow
or that might be get to Colchis right
now for some reason I know
pregnant women get really really hot but
for me I've been getting really really
cold so I don't know that means but
because I'm so sensitive to the cold I'm
going to just pack like I'm going to go
to fucking Antarctica or something so
I'm gonna take my little snow boots just
to keep my little toesies get cold
yeah and it's only it's only three days
so oh my god you see a naked Bart behind
me okay guys it's only three days on the
pack - too crazy so should be should be
good someone try to pack now and
hopefully I could fit all of this shit
in then I'll keep you guys posted cool
felt able to make everything fit in here
my little little travel pack I really
like this suitcase just because it's
very small and it's good for like
weekend trips ah it's not a lot perfect
overhead on the side or carry-on size so
I prefer this but then I have my second
set which is like longer like more than
a week travel where you gotta pack a
bunch of shit that's the one I got from
wearing out but this one's really cool
very compact I like it and it has a
little enough gangster for me to be like
a smart look at that so cute and now I'm
just charging my shit I have my watch
that I always make fun of David for
having my phone did I switch the case
because now since I'm going to be away
for a couple days I don't have to worry
about charging everything so I have the
extra battery pack I'm not good to go
and then have my Bose headphones which I
absolutely love on a plane ride because
it's noise cancelling so it's like so
silent and I can listen to books or
music and it's like I'm in my own little
bubble so I love that and I have my
clothes ready for tomorrow set here I
have undies bra top bottom jacket my
shoes backpack
everything's ready to go cuz I'm trying
to sleep in for as long as possible we
have to wake up with Pagar at 6:30 in
the morning are you doing touch room my
phone
you know sometimes like the you have the
whole core set up but then it just
freakin makes its little way into some
random quarters they got it like I find
it
now I see you well it looks like we're
ready to go to bed I'm freakin exhausted
J can use all day and they're just a
nice little dinner with friends nothing
too crazy happened but it was really
cool that I got to bond with what you
doing but I got to bond with people I
love and I get to travel so yeah you
can't wait to show you guys what
Colorado looks like cuz it's definitely
my first time being it what the hell's
wrong with you
alright guys have a beautiful night in a
bit cause s I have a beautiful night
beautiful day thank you so much for
spending the day with me
bye bye weird okay cut this
