good morning guys is the day of the fit
Expo and we're here an hour early and as
you can see there's already a ton of
people which is awesome because multiple
honking outside oh shit that's kind of
dead
I forgot how big the LA Convention
Center is so I was like man I hope the
FedEx clothes are dead this year but
it's pretty poppin and it's only an hour
away cuz you should hit peak about an
hour or two after and it opens and it's
only eight o'clock right now and I'll
open that about 15 I'm going up and down
the escalator cuz I get a better view
but then later on at like around 11
that's when it starts to get pop it
doesn't look that popping on camera
actually but it is you know I'm Campbell
need to zoom sometimes it just looks
like it's all scattered but it's
actually pretty good that energy already
starts to feel really good I got to get
myself some coffee I'm still open under
the weather once I get that in my system
I should be ready to go and ready to
meet all you guys first lunch is that
total o'clock but it's going to be
Amanda bhar jiyo
at the next lunch is one open floor
that could change - I'm sorry I'm sorry
first lunch is 11 o'clock
that's the von trier and his family come
on see right romantic Devante raise
Sally you're the first longshot you love
in a walk and still in the briefing with
the companies everyone knows what's
happening
who's selling what he's won in shirts
who's managing the line was manage even
deadlift competition all that stuff this
is literally like a business in a box in
the middle of the Convention Center
which is really important to skip be
working on poll to see all the hard work
and planning come to fruition
we got the music's pumping in here now
people are slowly trickling in I think
they just opened the doors so it's kind
of cool to see everyone walking in you
don't really see how hectic it is yet
because it's not at peak hour but this
is pretty much everyone nice and
polished and presentable with their
booth done unlike what we saw yesterday
and of course when you have a bunch of
meatheads they're gonna lift no matter
what so they're supposed to be working
but they're like well no one's here yet
so fuck it let's fucking get a lift in
that's Stanley right there you could
tell f7 on the bounce or quarter it's
nothing use even here to warm up that's
ridiculous
day one the bit Expo is in full effect
I must say that I'm very impressed our
storage room by the way if you're like
where the fuck is he I why are those
boxes but I'm very impressed the display
they killed it they put all the bottles
of black and white alternating the
towels pulled it nicely our clothes are
all hung as if it's I got a store we got
hats white towels black towels bottles
of two different sizes we have all of
our clothes at the bottom everything
looks very very nice if you're not able
to come to the fit Expo I think the
bottles and the hats and the towels
would be available online if you want to
get those well pretty much everything
that you see here but our two exclusive
shirts which is the soft blockade camo
and then the yellow on black dominate
unbeli t those two things are not going
to be available online because it is an
le fit Expo exclusive but everything
else if you like it you go you'll be
able to get at Barbour get calm ice I
had just told me that the line is going
all around the booth which is awesome I
would want to go out there right now but
some of the clothes in here is going to
show you guys how the line is right now
this is crazy that the owner he's not
suppose be working right now and he's
working
why you guys are working so hard it just
doesn't make sense
all right so let me show you guys this
line real quick we got this line behind
us right here
starting to build up right there we got
this line this is can you check it out
this is the exit right here and it's the
line so we got this line going on that's
going around our booth look at this let
me take you guys all the way around
sorry I'm gonna take it all the way
around
let me take you guys all the way from
the fried check it out
so here we have the front of the line
and it's going all around the booth
right here service up to Bart's vlogs
what's up guys
large blogs right here guys this is the
line it's insane it's wrapped around all
the way from the booth look at this it's
going all the way down look at this look
at this look at that right there and
it's only been look at that leave these
hard-working guys oh hey what time is it
right now right now it's like 10:30
10:30 so you guys it's only been 30
minutes and the line is getting insane
right now so can only imagine was the
meet and greet with Warren Gio how much
crazier is going to get
so what do you say Barnes yourself just
nobodies
I don't know it's a few bucks insurance
or some pictures
let me bring this back to them
get through
when we get there real quick
Oh
there's the sliding board so the line is
pretty crazy right now it definitely
goes all the way around 360 yeah thanks
guys
so every time we do a fit Expo and
there's a female and only time
so we don't learn down many things I
think what happens is our vision our
creativity always outgrows our logistics
so we have a super dope booth on the
outside you can tell that anything's
fucked up not that anything is fucked up
but in here it's kind of a mess but
what's cool is mom pair is a tetris
organisation or master so she's
organizing all the backpacks in here and
what I'm doing is I'm stacking all the
boxes in a court decides that wasn't
like that like for example this is
rebirth large right the medium was
behind the large earlier and so every
time we needed something to go in the
back and pull it out on the way this
doesn't make sense so now I have the
medium here the large here we have
extra-large rebirth here there are more
extra-large and now everything that's
more out in the open I've cut little
holes and everything ooh a nice Buddha
cut bikini I cut little holes everywhere
so now it's way faster every time Aaron
comes in
sports stuff just grab it so we're back
here acting as warehouse men back to my
old Marine Corps job which is organizing
shit and putting these according to size
and now I think one know that I'm gonna
take into the next fit Expo or any type
of Expo that we do a pop-up shop is to
have plastic bins ready we already have
them labeled it's gonna be a ton of work
on the back end because it's easy to
ship a bunch of boxes straight here and
this ball in here with the day of its
kind of hectic I rather spend one extra
day beforehand and the comfort of our
old office
we label then the day on there won't be
so hectic it'll be
all right you guys so we are in our
storage room pal Infinix well when we
spent about
for hours you guys and I have to say it
was really freaking exhilarating it was
they've got to spend with a lot of you
guys that are our fans
and something I realized that it's like
draw is we don't do
really crazy
either they're not aligned
a little bit more yeah there there don't
anymore you fucked up
all right so what I was saying was it
was exhilarating because oh yeah the
dull moment is pardon eyes or whatever
like events or meetups will be actually
getting interactive you guys
not a pretty I mean any sort of way but
we had a really long life where we
thought you guys were special I think
just to meet robots to ours that are
going to read in the paper for hours
but the reason the main reason it
myself and Bart wanted to spend at least
like
it's talking to you like me
why are you here with what brought us to
this place
you guys
my voice is almost gone again spending
so much coffee
and I was like laying on this dirty ass
or back here
puggy you guys
I hear your guys story and like I heard
this today and you guys were like audios
or my babies inspiration like
you guys seriously follow up you guys
are a big separation
the words after the because of you guys
are my fucking
inspir
you guys said I have X Y we know
position and you guys get me through the
day and I like boy you're my inspiration
you have X Y permission and you're like
this positive you're out and about in
the world like that is inspirational
yes I say all this
so much
if I got to meet you I
and um I think I think 2018 is a year
maybe even 22
is a year that I want to personally do
more boy events like this like we're
actually getting inter-house with our
fans
it was like I sighs I said it was
exhilarating for me it was I always talk
about I'm very introverted
but would you guys it's a lot different
because I feel like we're very
like-minded right let me guess watch our
grunting so there's obviously some sort
of protection that we're making
of our mind son and then when I meet the
same mindset in the physical form
I'm just like oh man we could totally
yamaneika to point
or have events maybe at marble we all
get to live together or something we're
actually getting interact with these
numbers like
I really hope our tonight we're able to
a man
look at his kicks though he had this
energy I don't
it's a beauty
barely brought me back up to like not
even normal yet right
with you're gonna obey but if blood
spots me
say that shit that's annoying but it my
days almost over but not quite I'm back
at barbells at gym to kind of check up
on things because I know I dare a FedEx
go weekend a lot of people who like to
come get the day passes and then come
get the experience at Bartle poor guys I
just want to check up on it and make
sure everything is cool I'm slurring my
words not going my mouth is so sore from
just talking with anyone but it was
awesome meeting all of you guys sit down
I'll see how everything is inside Anna
later at the Emma grab dinner with Simon
like having a couple of peeps and we'll
see what's up we were having a nice
little rap dinner at 1810 it's an
Argentinean restaurant because here
behind me
some people got really tired I went home
that's understanding all day for like 12
hours to start earning
it's our first time
yeah
my spices data
best 40-mile sauce
