it's 6:30 in the morning I just woke up
I'm super tired and sluggish I don't
know how these guys have all kinds of
energy you guys are freaking playing
already what in the world look at that
guy
we just woke up look at the traffic
outside everyone's going to work
everyone's going slow except you guys
how do you have so much energy
I've been switching up or I get my
coffee from I usually get it from
7-eleven but Darrell put me on this
place jiminee coffee and it's right
outside of Chinatown really close to
barbel and I'm just a big fan of
mom-and-pop coffee places so it was cool
to come here and check it out and the
coffee is actually really really good so
if you're right outside of Chinatown
definitely stop by a chimney coffee it's
not crazy bitter it's very smooth and
there's a good amount of caffeine in
here time to get a good workout in now
it's time to drop off the doggies at
school
you look for the dropping out the value
left for Mama
uh yeah then I get the daily report card
it always sounds like they had a really
really fun time you guys have a fun time
at school you guys look like you like
school
this really reminds me of being a
full-blown parent already well good
this is nothing no because we woke up at
6:00 now we're taking the kids to school
before we get our stuff done and then
later we're going to come back and pick
them up this is lyric literally share it
like your little kid
oh I get it I get it
morning guys anyone there wait
and
all right great so I fucked up I was
drinking coffee that was here and my
clumsy left hand is knocked it over and
I spilled it all over Tony's backpack
Tony I'm so sorry
not so good tony is a really nice guy so
Gio is now looking immediately this is a
good mom to find them another backpack
to replace it because we know how hard
it is to get coffee out of there yeah
just going to keep smelling my coffee
all this one's pretty cool oh that's a
great way to look at it I like to our
property let me be honest now that this
smells good now you smell the coffee
smells great actually might even be
better babe might be better because the
when you buy a brand new one it doesn't
smell like coffee but then this one is
like so you know what the worst part is
that I have to spend a day for a baby so
hungee
no that's very nice of you but the worst
part is every time I fuck up my bear
gets to use that against me and that's
the part that hurts the most because I
fucked up right now
and I'm like Tony I'm so sorry and then
my bear is gonna buy it Tony a new
backpack and you would think okay cool
everything's back to normal but now when
we go do something else she's like don't
you dare do that I'm like why remember
that one time you spilled coffee all
over Tony's backpack I'm like fuck I
thought we settled it it is settled but
I have to use it as an example you love
using ammo on me no you do the same
thing no I thought the whole met like
for example you always using memory
thing against me right and then instead
of saying like okay that situations been
settled and handled with no you still
bring it up so I bring up the clumsiness
and how I always try to be careful you
know what you're never gonna say some
bullshit probably give me a kiss behind
you in my face no I didn't do anything
bad
so before I workout the first thing that
I usually do is roll out and rolling out
I do even before I stretch and it's
important because your skin is kind of
like imagine like you're wearing a pair
of jeans right and it's like this tight
outer layer that covers and everything
when you're sleeping all night or you're
sitting on a desk all day you get
tighter and tighter and tighter and kind
of like settles down have you ever sat
at a desk and then like after for four
hours all of a sudden like you know I
gotta stretch it as you're stretching
like all it feels so good and it's
because your body is telling you that
it's getting tight and I want you to
just stretch everything out and relax
so even if you just try to stretch
without rolling out what that ends up
being like is imagine if you're wearing
two extra small t-shirt and it's
irregular so one side is pulling on your
shoulder here the other side is pulling
over there now when you're stretching
you're not even getting a good stretch
in so before you can even get a good
stretch in you have to roll out and kind
of break all that up so now what you're
doing is you're taking an extra small
t-shirt and pulling it and loosening it
up into an extra-large t-shirt so now
your body can freely move and stretch
everywhere that it needs to go so I
usually spend about 5-10 minutes rolling
out before I even start stretching
before I even start training
here's ready I'm ready for Bart to start
Yeah right
quite all that you are why are you so
late all the time what you realize
bigger Kenny my dude come on what you
just put your shoes on yeah it took yeah
but even one W it took me 45 minutes to
drive for miles
alright are you driving so slow why you
what are you holding
what are that drugs dude you don't drink
water nadir why China
very good you know my char dream I try
good evening this is 60 a week defense
don't play yourself okay boy our body
village is foot like the time so what
did you get yeah you put Monday Monday
it's a holiday
hey you guys want to know something
that's fucked up I can't believe she did
this but Gio
this morning she spilled coffee all over
Tony's backpack yeah we're just not were
just hanging out look look she I was I
do babe why'd you do that it's all wet
did you guys get unless you on purpose
but she did smile after and you should
smells like coffee telling you like
coffee
yes but it's on the way to work need
energy
you can smell it yeah there you go your
energy from it yeah no I'm just kidding
I spilled it yeah I thought stuff I
reached over with my left hand and then
I'm kind of clumsy and I knocked it over
working it off you sued Carnegie Mellon
I smacked the freaking top of coffee any
went all over the floor thanks for
holding my own
yeah I don't know this carpet is
actually it's magical carpet where uh no
it don't don't that well what is it
every job you hurry up to warm up dude
I'm not messing around
I found this right there gambit hurry up
let's go train you guys are fucking
goofballs
Wow true train dude why are you eating
on the job did you know what it comes
down to healthy and what are they our
members - yeah all the members behind
you you got to eat healthy you help you
guys yeah man and as they understand the
other night is the way more rips ensure
they never get injured like you they
weren't even healthy all right I'm gonna
call out right now oh yeah can I be home
leave hold me home what do you mean by
you I'll show you tell her already and
yeah la virge ankle bracelet shows the
trackers your homework house arrest
laughter eighty pool we're gonna go
train finally time to go train for real
this is my first time touching 3:15 in a
long long time especially at my first
working set and I'm supposed to hit
three five three today so three sets of
three with 3:15 I'm scared because I've
been losing weight which means usually
you're getting weaker but I've been
feeling strong from actually excited
while I'm being scare and if you look at
the team over there he is all dressed up
to train but he's been sitting there for
an hour I don't know why low
the day
all right
here we go
you are cut
truth
yeah
got happy to come all over the place I
got it on
okay halfway to the workout I'm tired as
fuck
we're super tedious I'm bent over rows
with jump rope what'd you just stop jump
roping keep lying good everyone's a fat
boy right now so we're trying to get
back in shape do we got to keep our
rhythm we've been doing Bell Burroughs
jump rope my band is doing a sweet spot
good lunges everyone's getting sick this
is my favorite part of training where
everyone is in their zone during the own
thing I can't even disturb them if I
wanted to
everything that in the zone kind of
complex own goals and get better we
smash the workout picked up the kidney
puppies back there puppies come here
meal off are you big here knee you can
how do you feel after your workout I
know you want to show him that good this
morning yeah that crazy
um tummy aches yeah cramp
like the whole tummy was cramping and I
think it's just my body just getting
more adjusted to like the expanding
growing baby yeah I had cramps this
morning um and then within like an hour
to an hour and a half of me just sitting
in the truck with the heat on it felt
really good then I was like fuck it I'm
just going to spend an hour and a half
working out I made it that's awesome
I feel better working out really helped
me the way first came in this morning
Bob Rosalynn that good and we're looking
up on the cell phone and I was saying
that abdominal pain is very normal for
pregnant lady because one your organs
are getting rearranged and then tubes is
going to be ligament strain because now
you have like this weight and this kind
of like bundle of joy and a stomach and
it's growing it's pushing everything out
you're going to be all this strain so
she was kind of hurting them to tummy
but good thing we have see or MERS so
right here we've got that option
well you didn't what were you doing to
war myself oh I just had it on high heat
in the hole oh why did you see warmers
it's not my backside it's my front side
so I would have just been yeah what has
just been come fall on the back I see
well I guess you didn't need to see
woman's butt I use it sometimes when my
lower back is eight get turned on it
feels really good but now we're off to
the office time for meetings and to get
them with me love go inside good boy go
inside
what time you love oh my god good
fabulous redeem yourself
oh my goodness oh my goodness
yeah that's hilarious we just finished
it bull a deep bass voice
we just finished a bottle brigade
meeting right now and so now I'm gonna
go check up on JK to see what they're
working on
hello what are you guys working on right
now we're working on just kidding party
and we're trying to think of what crazy
things we can do next week to punish the
cat what it'll be like tortures or
punishment or the food or what is the
pain ah it could be all things love but
I don't want to tell you because that's
gonna ruin the surprise
yeah don't worry it's normal tea all I
can tell you have the normal we all
morning tomorrow
we always researched to make sure
everything we do is perfectly safe
sure and how do you research do you test
it on yourself not me personally but
when we tase someone and tase himself to
make sure you were safe so where we got
to don't need proof dummy proof exactly
I just wrapped up one meeting but now I
have to go into another meeting and if
the JK news meeting and we're going to
double check some of the articles and we
want to make sure that these articles
I don't read into them because we really
like to get our natural reactions but
we're going to double check to see it
fits like positive news or if it's too
political or it's going to get a bad
reaction because we won't want to really
emphasize having a good conversation
this year so I'm on the set side and
I'll see if they need me so now
is anybody here oh okay
are you guys meeting uh yeah we're doing
errands with us too
Aaron yeah what are you doing over here
how the frickin neighbors over there
like you're like living like all the
people that are above us they're they're
actually the people on the other side of
the artwork yeah we thought it was a
bomb yeah well it was so funny earlier
because Aaron just finished talking to
the people upstairs and was a narrative
and just they are all speculating where
the noise was coming from and they all
pointed at all different directions and
at the same time they're like oh I think
the noise was coming from here the
finger-pointing everyone at the same
time really you know I was like I had a
migraine I was like you're just making
it worse and so I went and talked to the
people above and you're like I'm sorry
you are having a party so I thought it
was their base oh and then I went
underneath us to the parking garage and
I was able to figure out a little bit
better because it's so quiet down there
yeah like where it's coming and I
checked and I saw it was like our new
neighbors I think they're like they have
like machines in there like doing like
stamping or comfortable I spent like a
week now it's like it's like water
dripping on your forehead sort of yeah
do you know if I'm in this meeting this
one
no but this one we're just we're just
studying right now and then we're going
to go rehearse a new sector the new
segment that we're going to try okay and
is Joe in this meeting you guys okay
cool right now
well someone come get me or text me yes
okay thank you
awesome so cool they don't need me in
this meeting right now they're gonna
rehearse their practice on their own
Oh what are you happy to email me back
on the coffee and your food order okay
okay so now I'm going to handle some
emails which means I get to email Julia
back and I got more work so today is uh
pretty much it's still a fun day but not
too much playing not too much onset just
a lot of
admin type stuff so oh look how cute
meatloaf is he's just sitting there
waiting for me he always does that
little meatloaf waiting for your pop-up
to come back to the other side
you think UT the cutie me no today is
one of the first time me and ma bear get
to go home like regular people yeah 6
o'clock we're not going on that hand
but the problem is now how we are in
traffic I'm delighted like regular
people look at all this crazy traffic
this is 6 p.m. rush-hour downtown tell
me how you're delighted
I'm delighted just because um like you
said we never get to do this because
we're always out by 10:00 and
everything's dead there's no energy
there's no life getting just so sad so
it just feels like I have my life today
like I have a social life and I get to
see people living their life this is
cool
granny granny nice what is that
contracted yeah now we got that traffic
light another one it's alright I don't
mind it once in a while this feels good
it's really good again I'm still
exhausted though fine meet you Polavaram
