good morning beautiful people today is
going to be another fun day for me
because I get to film just kidding party
and it's super fun I don't really get to
do anything else on this day except for
play games
oh don't worry Pharaoh I have to be army
calm 400 yards or the don't you transfer
that like a alright so right now
everyone is in position and we're trying
to figure out the best way I'm trying to
be the way the best way to set up the
shot
let me see Casey and Michael I'm talking
to the cameraman and trying to move with
us while the caches are kind of fucking
around a little bit see Casey over here
I move it back so the first game we
already played I was the host in that
one and I think I was a little rusty
I could have done better but I tried my
best this one's for 10 seconds 10
seconds movies I was really really
nervous doing it so you're watching
being a host lemon know how I did cuz uh
that was nerve-racking you need me and
Jay on ideas and contestants vendors
again see we're still setting up the
shot so we're going to stand again I'm
Bart love uh move forward you should be
Paul you know it's crazy because I'm
going back here they're going to blocked
all these chairs
right they block everything and he's
always before you yeah I don't know
where I don't know what's going on I
guess it just doesn't look good so
they're still figuring out look there
for a profile only maybe really da
slightly - or other and then Joan bar
talking about Spartan races yeah
I'm losing weight now card - losing
weight now I think the short one is not
bad still setting up but a fun little
fact is you know the cast Penske going
around a lot we are they'll place
markers on the floor so that we know
where to stand so it looks good on
camera and then they'll do that for the
furniture so for example right now
that's what n is doing he's marking a
stool as we tend to get really excited
when we play a game and then we move a
silver on that looks weird on camera so
to avoid any of that we tape the floor
so that we're always right on mark and
then right here for us to he you can't
really say on camera but here there's a
line and that's where we know that where
we stand so that again would look good
on camera
we're not blocking anyone else yes
Michael I wasn't talking to you oh I
think I was in your way no it's trying
to look over Oh Mike was just trying to
look over but he'll we eventually marked
the floor so that we know where to stand
as a cast member
pretty cool huh hey Josh alright so
right now we are going to run rehearsals
what yeah happy pray
look at me Oh ja ja looking at 38
punches
yeah all the ganas no no alright we're
not gonna remember her till the gameplay
and I've got your practice to warm up
while we're still burning out cameras
huh
you will be yes yeah you want said you
want to warm I can't raise me today -
you don't know if I'm gonna be done in
water doing it but a good wife eh I'm in
the background we don't have a little
kid yeah man yeah what's up kid can't
kids or kids just birthday kids or they
can birthday birthday datascape sisters
xscape oh you guys are not gay
all right so now we are shooting our
very last game of today and it's may be
a pretty fun game it's not so intense
but I think ultimately I'm just super
happy that I get to participated in all
the games this time because last time
they were against I just couldn't even
play just because because this guy I can
play it so today I got to be part of all
of it I'm really excited this one
involves our phone there's going to be
really cool but this is a new setup here
the table right I can see you know
everybody else are we going to be
sitting in a circle but it looks like
it's a square
oh and they're moving it so look at this
hey hey Kyle can I get you on the bottom
a fireman can get you on the bottom
moving the Alpha boxes I don't move you
screw and then by Reaper have you guys
over here waiting medium we're going to
move the table move the abattoir move
weight behind it
struggle all for ready 1 2 3 ok is there
too much and you get you out for ice
cream
so Casey see if the shot it's in either
way they move it looks good different
sorry would you stop oh yeah it didn't
work that first time with you but now
you okay yeah my eye hurt why do you
think it hurt I've been recovering from
a thickness so I've been coughing a lot
and every time I cough I think is like a
rushing blood into my head so it hurts
specifically right here how do you think
you're going to do her camera I usually
just kind of like um I just deal with
the in-between page but as for this
camera turns on I'm like yeah write out
the UH okay bitch shit at fun yeah
that's one of the thing like none of us
are I mean I guess our only professional
eyes I guess we're not your traditional
professional actors but by definition
we're professional actors we treat our
job professionally yeah yeah so by
definition we're professionals but
that's one of the things that I guess we
share with actual actors is that doesn't
matter what the hell you're going
through at home or in your personal life
all that shit you leave it outside
because as soon as the director yells
actually then it's like this is a place
for being your super happy and
everything is great so right now behind
the scenes that's you're saying he just
feels miserable but when you watch this
video on JK party then he's going to be
like oh cool I either be shaking his
head like crazy and then he little cut
like Sonia first we finished our what we
thought was going to be our last shoot
but we have some things that happened on
set so we did a phone game and it
recorded all the audio but it didn't
record any of the images so we don't
have any footage to back it up so we're
trying to figure out how we can salvage
this video without losing in everyone's
turn the troubleshoot right now look
right yeah so that got it right I got it
that gotta do today so everyone kind of
has a long face turn out there like slaw
now such a good video we want to share
with everyone but we can because we
can't get the footage so there's some of
the struggles that we have to go through
on set life so yeah there's a lot of
things that could cause I can go wrong
so we try really hard to make none of
that happen so we'll see what the
verdict is once we're done here and I'll
let you guys know it seems like we're
going to save the videos so it's cool I
don't know all the technicalities to it
but all I know well you need to know all
we need to know is that the video is
saves that we are good to go
oh thank you so much no Sun in the green
room now that's not very green um but I
get to go home because we are wrap yeah
I've changed so many times these are
probably like why it's divided should
bring something you every single time
it's just we've shot several videos you
know one day because we post quite a bit
unchecked a party so it's very time
efficient since we're all very very busy
with you know just getting news just
boom
our personal channel barbel so we shoot
a lot in one day but for now I'm rather
I'm going to go home
okay so I'm finally home and the dreaded
question of the day is what am I going
to eat so I'm not a very big foodie type
of person like my taste but I guess kind
of stuck and ever since getting pregnant
I am I do have more of an appetite I
have to eat every two hours and that's
not even being exaggerated like I get
freakin hungry every two hours so now
I'm not at the point where I'm hungry
but I know that I'm going to get hungry
within the next two hours so it's time
for me to pick what I want to eat right
now let's if you can see outside oh can
you see oh look at those water drops
it's raining outside for me right now
and I have actually been craving some
homemade spaghetti and by homemade I
mean my type of homemade which is not
very homemade it's literally like buy
spaghetti from Ralph and get prego sauce
huh funny because I'm Franco
anyway get some prego sauce get some
ground beef cook the beef put the sauce
in boil the freaking pasta that's my
version of homemade but that very
specific type of homemade is all I'm
craving right now like I haven't had any
crazy cravings but right now that's all
I want and since it's raining I don't
think it's a good idea for me to go
outside and it's peak hours so it's six
and six is rush hour for everyone so
everything's super packed it's just
going to be a big-ass headache so of
course I have to resort to my CUNY post
meet over here not even if you can see
this but I've already been kind of
scoping out with the hook there we go
I've been kind of spoken out spoken out
scoping out places to eat and I have no
idea what I'm going to eat so I'm going
to try to find something that kind of
needs my pasta desires so this has been
my
is my technique right now I have to go
to them close up okay so I have to go to
the areas at service or the restaurants
that service my area and then from here
it's such a headache I have to find what
I want
mmm I've eaten there don't like it oh
this is Italian Jones a Hollywood so I
see here right now because this stuff
doesn't offer pictures I need pictures
so I do this now
Jones Hollywood oh it's in Hollywood and
my pic forever
oops that's not what I want oh man West
Hollywood this might also be bad oh god
why is all the Italian in the West Side
well anyway I do this and then I go
Jones
Hollywood Santa Monica right there and
then that's when I look at pictures so
then I look at pictures and I'm like oh
that looks pretty yummy it's such a
fucking process this is annoying like I
wish I could just pick one thing and
then crave it and eat it like right now
my taste buds have been shot I can't
really taste garlic I only want super
clean food no fried stuff no super fatty
set like it's kind of annoying because I
just want to eat some food
did I get anything food because it's so
particular in here but I know I know
it's all for the betterment of the
business I'm a little bit of a mix so I
don't even know if max was the official
name I just call it max I don't even
know if it's a boy but it was just the
easiest thing to refer to so yeah let me
see I'm gonna decide well let you guys
know once I find something because this
is readings for adults have taken me
this long okay so my food just got here
and I'll show you what I got
if you guys can get it good awesome
I literally got my spaghetti god I hope
it's really good
please cuz I've been really craving some
really good home made spaghetti but if I
eat this I got catch you guys up on what
I'm doing so I'm in bed pages pop bear's
not home yet I was monitoring how far my
post mate sky was and its history
Connecticut driving away now I'm
watching lilo and stitch I'm I'm a huge
Disney fan but I've yet to watch lilo
and Stitch so I'm working and I need to
hear some sort of background noise and
I'm like hey I can do this and I'm not
working at all because it's movie it's
so cute so I'm already watching lilo and
freakin stitch but now it's time for me
to enjoy my spaghetti okay so I just
opened up the lid to this thing and it
smells just like I want to smell in it
so it has real tomatoes in it it's got
real Tomatoes and it smells yummy and
you know I'm about to throw on this
Parmesan cheese on it oh I'm excited all
right all right so time to taste test
let's see let's see oh my god this Fork
is useless brunette allowed I love okay
this is not working
Fork is whack here we go
not what I thought it would be like but
not bad
I like it not bad at all okay I'm about
to devour this mofo all right show
Nadine coming through with the red mango
yogurt I wasn't even thinking about
yogurt it wasn't even on my radar and
then he's like I'm gonna get some yogurt
you want some and I'm like and it is so
damn good it's just regular plain yogurt
a little bit melted now but it's mango
extra days my favorite Thank You Nadine
it's 10 p.m. and papa bear just got home
look at this poor little potato you must
be so tired huh Papa yeah we had dinner
yet
no honey right now twice melon myself I
need you to throw in the curry chicken I
just made so positive been cutting which
means he's been on the diet because he's
trying to get leader while still
maintaining his muscle mass so he's
eating very specific meals to accomplish
that goal so what he's eating right now
is some diet miss teen curry and since
it's dyed it's very clean and since it's
very clean it means it's very flavorless
so I think he's trying to find something
Yemen to throw in there see you in a
patrolman isn't that bad what promise oh
gosh I'm sorry it wasn't lost pop up so
chicken with chicken
so as I get matches you leave it
together or makes it I mean or mix it in
or eat it separate I don't know I think
that left up to the imagination fine I
had so much energy to mess around
whatever you're telling me you're so
tired
I'm not messing around listen damn
chickens water boil oh that's another
thing that Papa is he's very spoiled he
doesn't want anything in my kitchen it
is dr. everything in it
Shanee sign anything give me a bowl a
big bowl all right let me put this in
here real quick and show me this yes I
kind of find no Larry doesn't know he
already tough for me drink okay
god I need a good cup for what J to get
uh while you're ready you're looking
that cover I did it I mean you know
knowing the other cover you even open
the other side no it's not so obvious
when I have one where you are me Oh what
this one ya know cuz I thought there's
hands on there everything I have right
yeah I use this one the looks menu
oil does offer fine among an
instructor-led you have yours in it what
are they going to get that for you why'd
you put it on I'm not thirsty anyway not
that those dollars off by I'm going to
leave them alone so he can enjoy his
dinner you big baby
alright so now it's time for bed but
I'll leave you guys with a little baby
bump of date
there it is through that blue cell 3
okay I love you I love you too tonight
little bozo well we lost them
you've gone goodnight guys
