mom are you almost done done meatloaf is
ready already
I know fine done great look at all gum
so today we got two important things you
got to do one we think meat looks a
little bit sick so we got to take them
to the doctor and get them checked out
and two we're stopping by smorgasbord
which is like this big farmers market
type of like food swap meet in downtown
and it's very very pop in place right
now and one of our buddies is starting
up a shrimp truck there it's been very
very successful and he's ready to take
it to the next level which means open up
a brick and mortar restaurant so he
wants us to invest he wants us to taste
he wants us to check it out so me and
Mama Bear we're going to go over there
and check it out and see if we like it
and who knows maybe we will be investing
in a restaurant in the near future
are you ready it kind of sucks with my
vlogs because now ma Bear is in charge
of three dogs and it's pretty tough
because this sea-can bastard right here
it's so crazy strong he's a hundred
pounds and so even the slightest
movement
he pulls really hard the other two are
pretty gentle sips Ricky Ricky Ricky
okay good yes pretend like you never
learned before
come on fun because I'm burying us there
we go
Ricky what do we say Ricky sit pretty
sit good girl all right
okay I have my keys right here
I'll open the car yeah okay you guys are
making us look so bad now I know how
parents feel you know when you're
growing up your parents are like my son
is so good and you just start running
all over the places like fuck you're
embarrassing me to get your ass kicked
that's how you get your motherfucking
ass kicked motherfucker okay go over
there good girl and stand there wag your
tail and lie down you guys are so good
why are you guys over there when have we
ever done over there get in there Brigid
god damn it get your ass in there
so he's doing well in wrong yeah the
only thing was he was kind of so
recently we've been taking him to like a
soggy bake mm-hmm um and about maybe
like a month of hanging there he started
like having a stuffy nose and he would
have like it's really steep inhale like
weird
exhale his slightly wheezing and then
they informed us after I heard thought
that there was two confirmed kennel
cough cases that's so many thinking he
might have early-stage you like that can
be coffee at all I don't even know what
that sounds like but it was like a weird
breathing pepper for me and I Jessica
big stuffy nose maybes I kind of like
suck it through yeah I don't think it's
a coffee yet
okay they call the Sun more like there's
like a hairball yeah let you know off
the app and then we still feel good
enough injury yes there's no problem
good no changes on behavior it's just
the breathing and the stuffy nose okay
and then what about any discharge from
the eyes or the nose uh and no let me
looking out of the ordinary
any vomiting or diarrhea no no and then
what about any
you know she will Smith but I don't know
if it was abnormal all right
oh the only behavior that stuck out was
wheezing and then that she's like trying
to speed and even hear how much stuff is
in his nose okay and then to the pot the
face at all like it's no bother really
okay all right and there is me on any
medication or supplements right now no
all right it's a happy healthy for white
and then what was the head okay in
farting oh look oh boy you want me love
what a brave man
mom you ready no bridges yeah well he
did he bring him in uh yeah well not
right away
I think he probably didn't he hasn't
pain like an inner baby someone have to
mark a little bit
you let her market looking really cold
okay good alright now let me check his
air flow through tomorrow when you over
Dennis great job boy don't kill me look
I start I look at that face and you see
I'm gonna make sure everything's William
- okay Pingree did not know okay doesn't
want to he doesn't want to cooperate
today oh my a my board
good boy Oh what it's weenie
okay that's moving pretty good boy nice
that's moving pretty good too so it's
not - yeah what happened there
yes yes and chickpeas how did that
happen to me chew on like antlers or
blogs or certain foods no oh
begin yells to upper and lower a chip
there did you choose you learn so gosh
whenever we see that we have to worry
about possible pulse exposure so he may
need to have a root canal in those feet
oh noes
so your options are to if to have an
x-ray done and then if you do it with a
general practitioner like with us if it
does look like you need the root canal
you could take them to the dentist and
do that or if it looks like if it's uh
doesn't communicate into the pulse of
the tooth which has the sensitive part
the nerve the blood supply yeah then we
would just leave it as is or if it does
look like there is a communication you
don't want to do when the canal for him
there's the option to remove the piece
oh no there would be a source of
potential infection and pain and all
that did you chew on adduce it's always
nice if you can save those pieces cuz
you know they're gonna canines their
majors not like we're talking about
inside there's already mom when you're
chewing on these silly goose what have
you done yeah but I think with his no he
found okay Kings heart lungs sound good
note has good airflow and equal at
sometimes if we have dental disease like
cake dog tartar and and gingivitis
sometimes the two spoons might be an
issue and then they'll they'll get a
little almost like a congestion because
of to food abscess because there the
tooth roots go up close to the nasal
cavity itself okay so a we brush it or
ride a peep is always good if you can do
that just make sure you use doggy
toothpaste so um he just gotta check up
with the doctor and she doesn't think
it's anything serious at all it could be
just you might have something stuck in
there and he's been mooning nasally um
but as she was doing all his vitals were
I like taking its heart rate all that
stuff she looks at their teeth and then
we she looked at the
he has a chipped canine really bad well
I need is noticeable so Vernita
kind of bad that's true that's what is
more warranty yeah like come here kid we
got to show the camera that's it
come here creaking Pancho what are you
doing look
okay this canine oh my goodness why did
you do that he's such a troublemaker boy
it's like that it's like when you have a
kid and you come home and is missing
like a finger like with a busted your
finger knows were you chewing
huh okay
he doesn't have we got lucky isn't good
spared he is so he wanted reduced they
didn't want to put him on medication but
because we're like what what is it what
is it they're like you know we don't
know let me go in there and then we like
go into his nasal cavity that's going to
require some sort of anesthesia which
means you don't have to vote he put it
sleep well so that's like a major thing
that you have to do the other option
less extreme option is they put some
sort of body put them on medication that
has properties for a tiny planation yeah
but I want to put them on any medication
again because like you said he's
happy-go-lucky nothing like his behavior
hasn't changed his eating with his hands
it's sweeping although he's still the
same dog so I don't want to put any
chemicals in his body so I just I just
decided we're just going to wait if it
gets worse and we'll bring them back but
if it shows like this and nothing
changes and they contribute yeah I think
the good thing is that the vet also said
um it's self limiting the kennel cough
is so it has its own plateau and it's
not going to get worst in there and I'll
probably just going on its own because
he does out of that scene but if it gets
worse and we're going to bring them back
in but so far everything is good so
we're just going to update a shots today
we're going to go home so everything is
awesome good job boy good man
she's calling you in your grave man
Marva no why did we make a pit stop cuz
I Apple randomly because as much as I
make fun of David for his Apple watch I
always wanted one and I'm sittin on
peanut butter so I might have you like
why'd you do that
ah I got it
you are such a big baby you know that I
know so we have a busy day and we're
supposed to be a Smorgasburg
at two o'clock and we didn't know when
the dog stuff was going to end
she decided we have to go to Apple my
watch is there I already placed the
order I'm like when did you place the
order what the heck they're they already
shipped it so she decided to smash it in
on an already busy day just so she can
get what she wants my I can never wage
you can never wait yourself so impatient
you can never wait for it I bet you're
going to open it and put it on by the
end of the day yeah yeah yeah we're sure
you wouldn't do it you know ah I have my
whole life to where I don't have to put
on immediately the day I do I grew up
poor so anytime I could I do it more
move I'm gonna like fucking spend it
you're my baby opening right now oh my
god I bet I can open Elena
oh my god no patient nope look all
ghetto shit she's literally in the car
I'm get off I'm getting out who has this
in there in your hand you're freakin
ghetto ass what the hell is your fucking
snack for later
you are so ghetto oh my oh wow Wow just
straight get home
I got rose gold oh my gentle color Trey
get home
this is the best day of my life so I was
just being nosy Washington make type II
and then she was putting ice cream in it
and I was I would you put item in an ID
and she's like yeah limitation when you
want and I'm like one for me
little Lucky's in my life yeah I worked
it helps to be nosy
good job job yeah Moo
first five mama
how is it yeah yummy I think I like this
more than Giovanni are you serious
that is crazy to say but it is so much
cleaner like appliance bomb yeah but
this is such quality ingredients that
are feel heavy or overwhelming like I'm
very certain when it comes to the badge
and oily type immediately taste with bad
ingredients which is so freaking bomb
yes so that was a beam that David and
Joe a little bit hesitant about they
told me that it doesn t please Giovanni
so people that try it it might be like
wait this is a Hawaiian trip but Jeremy
was telling me that they're trying to do
the own twist on it and add their own
flavor to kind of take hawaiian-inspired
shrimp and add a California to it the
fact that you said it's farmed oh that's
amazing
what else did you get it was that
pineapple did you try the pineapples yet
no use all by my mouth that sounds slow
you eat you're supposed to be pregnant
it's supposed to kill it like a
motherfucker it was called favoring it
fine
ah your play came out now alright here
we go
the first slice the first doesn't smell
like a wine no guys no Carla teardrop
buttery a lot of what
oh my god
five it rather than the different it's
different to do money was really good I
wouldn't I will compare to do after
don't think I remember what your mind is
right now to compare them with what my
god I think I'm right
my boss fast like so good no are you
doing making all the flavors in your
mouth
Oh other than some of the types of good
balance some garlic butter lady got to
sign up what's the fault on the
pineapple beam
I don't get any is all here I think this
is mathematically
the cooking very well no because you can
keep the smell like nothing if the
founders reserved close your mouth okay
very good very very much none of the job
yeah
