hey what's up beautiful people I am so
happy to be alive right now because I
can feel the Sun on my face and it so
happens to be a weekend so that means I
get to relax and the first thing that I
will be doing today is having lunch at a
Chinese Islamic place yup
Chinese Islamic so I'm so excited to
share that with you guys and second
thing on my agenda to do today list is
Bart and I are going to be redecorating
the new JK office and it's not a new new
JK office you guys already seen this but
we're just going to make it
crazier cooler and more creative so I
can't wait to share my baby okay so we
were spitting this thing on the lazy
susan and then it falls off and bumped
cloak in the deep sea how do you feel
about that your idea building your idea
oh my god guys your idea why would you
do that yeah I got filled hot tea on the
Dean for the G oh my god this P was
expanding and it's like a fool but not
gonna be me fuckin scientist huh oh well
it's warm hot so everyone yeah please
only pour warm water on your hand when
you're speaking yeah
that's my Felix he only got my friend
driving to the office now had the yummy
Chinese wait Islamic Chinese food and it
was relatively clean super delicious but
I'm just so sleepy now I think I got the
I did you got the iris rule I think I
got the items like I'm just sitting in
the car with you and I just want to take
a minute
right now we got work to do MoMA thank
you I tremble because that you're
pregnant is so you just gotta rest
because you gotta rest a little bit more
so that the baby cuz the best you oh
maybe but I wasn't tired before eating
like what am I tired now I didn't really
train like crazy hard like I just did
bodybuilding stuff not that bodybuilding
is not hard but just my fall was hard
I'm glad we got it though because both
Iman and the team are Muslim and so I
think like I've been trying to ask oh my
hey you want to come eat at this Islamic
Chinese restaurant and it's kind of out
of the way and because of people
schedules it's hard to get everyone in
line but since you all trained together
I asked them over hey she's down to go
eat this place that like that place too
and so I'm really happy that I got to
eat because it's so yummy and I got to
share with the B and Dima the last time
I ate there I think it was like about
maybe like six years ago or something I
feel like we hadn't been there in years
I feel like we probably went there
before I even joined take care right
when I joined JK because I remember I um
I was not vegetarian anymore but um
where do I know this place I remember
why I'm gonna do this
oh good friend Alec ah he just needed
like all kinds of each everywhere and
then so back in the day before you
joined it was me Alex Danni and Joe and
he would always introduce all these
places to eat at all the center and that
was one of them oh yeah I remember I
used to like this place because the food
was are so good I'm not the biggest fan
of joining too
so uh but then because it's Islamic
Chinese they have like a different twist
to it like they have the fried egg on
top of tofu but then this really tangy
on savory sauce on and I'm like oh I
love this play but favorite sister that
one
so what that's Mary what is yes
persecuted but now I think I just want
to take a real quick man so you know it
just took a big please a big baby on the
tapes Big Mac now so this is my shower
at the office I always come here put my
bag right here immediately open it and I
play my sweater right here
and my clothes I lay it out right here
the reason why I lay out my clothes
first and I come out of the shower
boarding sweating so I don't want a big
douche it I just want to have my clothes
ready but put this right here let's go
put this right here then boom I get my
Zim Adele and I put in this side and the
reason why I put my zippers on the side
and because I don't want to fumble and
like leave shit to hide somewhere have
these bathrooms I just keep it there
then I use a double cork technique which
it didn't work good
so brow fuck so firstly I did it and
then you guys do this and then you got
to do that and there but down gal but
Bing Bing and then one Wow Wow into your
dungeon into the blender open it up and
then like this and this is now dirty
trained with it a couple days now
hey-oh
step on it oh yeah I always do that
how's that do that put right there but
then I also do it in a matter work like
a sleeping bag so when I'm done done I
just fold it
I did actually yummy except with these
shorts because I'm aware it one more
time so I'm gonna put these guys off to
the side so you train in those two wines
those dirty like the sweater that you
barely who are when I train I work for
three days erase this right here oh my
oh shit well you didn't tell me what the
lies you didn't tell me that you can get
naked out ready whispers all right so
put the way and then I leave that right
there and then I turn on the water and
get hot real quick and then I get up in
there okay okay go further in there
because I have to have I have to make a
confession if you guys have been
noticing that there's a but there's a
top down angle or down up angle it's
because I'm on the toilet that's when
you know you're married I don't think
you know you're married you could do two
things at once so I wasn't gonna even
tell you guys what them like they're
gonna know I'm taking a shit well so I'm
building to but you know what's really
dope the poo pourri works really well
because I sprayed the both of them
smelling my shit hey welcome to marry
life people all right
so me and Jill we have this competition
they came out of nowhere the crazy
competitors and I don't know where I was
into my music as you get competitive out
of nowhere
wait a minute when it's back to fuck up
you treat your up to talk about okay yes
that's exactly good
yeah that's a dresser that's not the
better speakers uh you said I think you
can't do it on beat as a DJ so we're
going to find out who's the best beat
catcher you want to pick the song it
doesn't matter it doesn't matter
Oh
gotcha snappy finger let it yeah
already yeah oh we got it
toddler comment obviously with it hey
let's easily was another you better find
some don't you have all you get is early
well it's all I got
yeah there's also a coming early yo-yo
yes yeah okay
hi I'm moving
all right here to show yourself that you
know
yeah husband got the first one
responsible one fuckity no here that's
where the champion the champion right
here you're saying how this is wrong
this is good not ready yup
no my ass up here are you guys I hate
you five five five you guys yeah uh
listen if you snap fuck I missed it
but I was kind of up there click on this
one and I know how your jacket works so
as soon as it came in I'll do a little
that you cheated we're going to the
other song for the look like what
brother oh you think it lets all be a
cheater don't make you that random just
question forget it random randomly
oh no I see okay
no doubt your honor to be up on the peak
Oh God
see and they all three under the form
you do this is you so I don't know how
that awesome no isn't this is a mom so
I'm getting out the phones when you say
normally there's different accents of
all Wizards any well this isn't you
freaking crazy
I don't know I need this work to do
Thank You Robin one shit
yeah I don't know just a random like I
bought you I don my own beat but yeah
now with this big time you made you into
it you should have wanted to even think
that composition used in music for how
long I have in the music since I was
like nine so I deserve a pat on the back
you were so hot about to work
I agree no it has to be afraid you are
lost
what are you doing papa I'm eating ice
cream watching Jungle Book
well and with that that's how we're
going to complain in bed watching The
Jungle Book
cuz right
you
