this is one of those times where it's so
funny because both me and Maude are sick
and I'm not trying to make a plenty face
on purpose I'm just trying to prevent
myself from sneezy
mama how do you feel how you do we just
won the wall now I'm trying to do
something felt behind our little couch
did it any fun are you looking for 10
top will you have pants on no I feel
like I'm getting better but I have a
very nasally voice last one I'm coughing
so we're trying to be all cute and then
we're like okay so that's how we are
both are and I've never experienced
being kicked like this my significant
other it's kind of Kimmy I think it's
pretty cueing that we're both sick just
because we have to take care of each
other it's not one person having to take
care of the other person so it's more
like sex you know like sex you're not
just giving us a hand job it's
reciprocal right you gotta so like is
mine right now by the way how because
they didn't know that that sex was
giving and taking oh well the Kievan
cake it's not like the pornos
where the girls try to stuff the Weiner
all the way down into the esophagus it's
a give and take and right now me and
Mama have to take care of each other
just super Keaney I asked how she's a
jazz masters do we doing with the trade
waters and then we thinking up a little
bit better place you need to do we can
share a lot more because you know when
you're sick you don't want to share to
get other people sick but I'm like
fucking you already today we just keep
fucking swapping bacteria tonight a
I just made some theraflu because I want
to be sniffling and coughing and
sneezing during the takes so this thing
has a nasal decongestant and it soldier
sorsha
it's that that foods who's your source I
was going to say a soldier suit throw
what are you doing I'm just eating
pancakes look Samia and sausage lucky
sorry you're lucky you get a take
medicine we talked about
oh yeah that's you can't even take
medicine Kerry lucky
David you do their hair like that on
purpose no I didn't do my hair at all
I'm afraid right now you look like a
fucking wires child or something what do
I talk to you in the morning that's my
breakfast but I think it'll look I'm
gonna eat protect me I have the
egg-white but I'm not that hungry right
now
oh there's one in here I hate you I'm
even later not so hungry
what but she goes now actually wear a
wetsuit
what the hell even close her husband
like he just goes on a boat and then she
but she she insists that she swims to
the location so she goes down and starts
swimming and then some of her
girlfriends which is go on the boat and
then she's like she's all mouth and
she's talking about her friend it's like
90-something Oh things are like 90 or
whatever and then they'll be on the boat
and they just start diving for oysters
with no scuba gear just one breath yeah
and it's like that's fucking crazy how
long is it man they're like turtle good
they can't even snorkel just buy them
stuff without getting blade is not my
world secret daughter what do you mean I
could perfectly do we got a hole go to
Hawaii again I miss Hawaii yo I got that
little I got a lot of things I want to
eat avoid that little cuz I'm gonna be
able to get on a plane when are we going
to go then are we gonna go I'll plan
this out what you want to play well cuz
it is
I'll be giving you about fucking
creatures are you we can't go on a plane
I have to search I'm a shark not when
what do you mean why what happened oh
that's nothing like a tree for the video
no I think after like eight eight
thousand feet elevation like you get
super dizzy you could pass out like oh
what's this find out the trimester so we
could hurry up into this area Lana maybe
need to be in May or something yes third
maybe it's animate we need to go in May
because my mama Marsh over going to
munch it me which one was either work
okay I'm down let's go soon though I'm
go you know my mom went to Taiwan when I
was like six months inside her six
months I know before her last trimester
though is it in your second trimester
when is the third seven eight nine
that's so they want to avoid that maybe
there's just a lot of shit that can
happen typically the air okay let's go
through it yes for the puppies to this
maybe you go all better
and then the move arises between do you
think I can open it one hand no the one
hand writes to three trees open
challenge
no you're going to smash the stuff other
people have to eat this thing I'm not
going to hurt it I'm a minute oh fuck
early yeah and you find another asshole
but kids a minute feels good for you my
friend was like you tell me about it
Oh lamp and you like you think about the
100 right so you're feeling a challenge
and you know the boss is ending but you
threw it back in there
mr. bast okay why did we fill the empty
box back in there this is the sensor
whining your light you do it what you
would like to save over like this and
you say back in basic it's know it out
in a good idea name
I want to buy what the fuck he was doing
I give it a fact that he crushed hostas
fucking Rice Krispies
what is the reception and you just take
it off mmm
peanut you can kind of have your both or
maybe I can just like so on the little
tap guys I'm heading over there she's
showing me some dresses that she was
like for her wedding day talking about
it if it did you find the wedding
dresses are you gonna or no I did I
bought my wedding dress yesterday wait
if you bought it already huh come here
showing her mother dress well cause she
doesn't want you to vlog it because then
Casey's going to watch our vlog because
he watches our Boggs and he's going to
see the wedding dress Cleveland Walker
vlog
he's our friend
we have times we don't watch anybody's
love i watch their vlogs yes we do
oh yeah this tradition I thought waiting
room is supposed to be able to see the
dress saw when they landed in Florida
and I was exploring our barbell jacket
anyway so what other ones are you
looking at let me see you see oh this is
on Pinterest so I'm looking at different
styles and I marry all those girls that
make you feel proud does it make me feel
proud yeah he will not really none of
them none of them would ever want to
marry him whoa why why would you say
that look at yourself what's wrong in it
so lucky I love you what are you kidding
me
go show them their stomach though front
of the camera sure
you sure you ready for this yeah cuz
I'll be losing weight so I'm on a six
pack yet but after losing weight huh you
sure you ready yeah yeah and honestly
it's honestly they're not gonna marry
him they're not gonna marry him what do
you look at ya know well cuz I'm going
to be a real life mother I can't be
driving my little sedan I need more
space for the baby shame you're fancy
huh what do you mean it's just crazy
fancy like that how you're just looking
at cars over here and over there
well I have to I have to I have to get a
bigger I have a lease everyone know that
the least you have to get it what cars
are you have you been looking at then
well so I have my lease for three years
and I've only had my car for a year
um but if all goes right with my
pregnancy then I should be holding a
baby in September so with that being
said I need to have more space so I'm
considering Xing my current car but
staying within the same company's
obvious BMWs yeah so getting rid of that
model and then renewing the lease for
another three years
you only adds one more year yeah and
then just getting the next five oh but
that's a Range Rover it is because
you told me to look for a ranger well
cuz you told me you liked my covert
alright that was after three years oh I
see so you don't want to wait three
years to get a SUV well I don't think
it's a good idea what because I need a
bigger space okay yeah okay still
looking at lovely just waiting for you
to chop the characters you're gonna get
what you know what do you really want to
look at well should I tell you right now
why will it tell me I have two cameras
on oh I think it's off now okay let's
watch that porn you were doing what the
hell what are you doing no laws another
trick you see little pervert we wanna
know if the camera was on and if you
were perfect all right now it's really
off that's really really hard all the
time to start again they have a wake up
do your sleeping gotta wake up beat of
that meter - you know be me Peter I get
is that to do that yeah yeah well what
do you do what do you do if there's
someone that's gonna attack my plating
his ass boom boom boom yeah yeah he is
fucking man how do you need your
strength to that will that help
no it's all on video I ain't never you
know Jake no more loving is considered
anger
I challenge David that he cannot keep up
with the family matters theme song
the Rangers Hal heiner's they're really
good seeing adult fucking in it ready
what that is real
the recognition today night we do favor
paint all right it's a grand design some
people say he in harmony fun I hung
leather must be some a genius
Aussie because I love you we love about
everything I don't know the way I know
it's hard no we gotta film a film okay
me and my bear what we just got back
home
we're tired as now finished shooting
just kidding nude both me and my bear
dick we managed to make it through the
day and a time for us to not the fuck
out again knock the fuck out we're
extremely extremely tired as you can
tell my voice is so weird right now is
how I'm a frog so good night you guys
good night baby
