i moment of truth we hoping away in that
today hopefully I waited at 2:05 I've
been trying for four weeks now
- my goal has been to lose one pound a
week and I've been on that also let's
see oh yes a new home energy are what
out again reason I think I'd love it out
of Aries oh no wait we have a second one
of it is I've been waiting on this one
so I know I started off to ten so I know
how much are they important in this time
what kind of batteries that you wanted
you want to do it did you see that yes
it wanted to look before that it has you
wanted to do something I think I did see
it flash two old piles of it you see
that wide also saw 192 what is what I
look like though you look pretty good
yeah yeah about option to this year yeah
and I've been pretty consistent on my
diet in my exercise yeah coming back in
I still have a lot of this has a lot of
this but my goal is um within three
months to be maybe like 190 something
Wow
shred it yeah I want to look like I
actually live from what you'd look like
you look look how you talking about
how are the work of this one was it no
non Lister has a chat oh they don't have
pic there's some illustration and arms
like how big are your arm presentation
yeah quinella measures but maybe like 17
in like a half one people who know
Lister has arms like that okay
hey low I think it was telling us your
IQ was all not wasn't it ready
this is that uh I'm okay
think I got one too to happen bitch
little is it not very nice to say
anything and I don't know okay sorry I'm
sick dudududu this week I don't know see
that one's 207 but it could be out to
30ml right so who know but it when we
leave updates excuse me mama
right yeah sure
Carrie got it this cool slowly but
surely there's one good ebony go get a
booth right holy shit
oh my god dude keep actually at the
camera little cover you didn't know was
going to be Elmo I didn't it was work
yesterday and you don't want to just
double check the batteries because I
might already have them no I will do
that Jack one more problem publicly
please just check show me that alone
exactly I told you it was those I have
those disavowing is ds1 yes it is no
it's not where you go you know what you
know what's been crazy this is the ink
that goes in there
so 2017 has proven to me to be the year
that longer
all week right because there's like I
can name just off the top of my has
three different instances when I told
him something he went against my work
and a week later or maybe even
immediately right out there he's like
off fuck your example one of them was
we're trying to get laptops for Bhargav
I told you hey I know you have a busy
schedule why don't we just give the
company car to the guys are going to get
it and then they combined it themselves
because we trust our team why are you
turning off the light and then what
happened a week went by they needed
their laptops really bad and then what
happened would you end up do it I just
noticed that I am getting a lot more cut
now what did you do what did you do I
gave them the cleric try so they can go
by the laptops but I had that genius
ideals of myself can we please just
change the damn battery why were these
stupid triple-a batteries at oh now you
need me now you need any good I'll go
get them one so I try to be as organized
as possible but will claim the same
thing however he's not organized at all
so I keep my stuff in bins so I have all
the household items here I have our
tools some more tools and then this is
like all the rat stuff rad stuff and
then it moves to dog stuff here so I'm
pretty damn organized so immediately I
know other batteries are here because
you know why I labeled it I labeled it I
did a good job of organizing here I'll
just give you a glitch it's a positive
organization okay this is organizes his
fun stuff ready
oh and camping stuff this is how he
organized this stuff he doesn't know
what is where at all
but why why do you need this why why do
you need this why do you need trash why
what
Harvey
give me these see ISIL ropes it I wrote
triple-a batteries to make sure that we
keep it it to the basics what I did I
even place it like this I placed this in
here so that's where it makes the most
sense
well wouldn't put it here I wouldn't put
a good I wouldn't put it like this some
people they go and I can you just move I
thought you were starving residue I
thought you were starving you would even
put a like shot before
why would you do that can you you're
wasting my time
do you know anyone not just put it like
this not me I play here hurry up she's
going to open the wrong one too
we're today opening or oh thank god I
could check respond to ballpark and call
me eight no that's what I call my left
hand my right hand Danny so the ones
that never got is what fiber water yeah
cuz it's ace and Danny
there's lethal weapons you've ever been
tested on you know I don't want to get
tested don't be a hater why you can pick
on me today what happened to the CUNY
guy aren't you you got your rules you
guys know what better time to accurate
wait I know purify it's not - but I know
all right I'm ready
no what the hell whoa oh tear it up are
ready yes
moment of truth we keep moving
to all five port how does it feel oh god
oh god I hear it this arrogant dude how
does it feel to be married to a Greek
god look at that profile right there
that tells me everything your butt and
your ass I mean your butt and your
stomach stick out the same amount how
does it feel to be written Greek god I
don't know cuz I'm not married to want
200 of volatile I'm just married oh I'm
just married to a sumo wrestler to your
mom boolean B can you put everything
away please can you put everything away
please where's our goal you're organized
you should know and what else goes away
well what else is being put away
oh sure you know before even leaving
this bathroom we're not to put away whoa
no you're ready missing it before gets
jealous with a Z so this is the first
unit goes back well let me guess you
want to put this back you know you're
the one that's going to bring it out you
don't have to guess okay so useful to
bring it up yeah continue a favor and
then do this yes
it's less now but it doesn't make sense
but this doesn't make that supposes he
need a plan you talk so much shit for
this here look you cost so much that's
not coffee you want I'll tell you where
this goes yeah please
okay so duh of course this doesn't go on
here why would it nor does it go in this
thing nor does it go here you cannot fit
perfectly where it goes you have three
seconds to put it somewhere oh no ready
1 2 3
mr. plugs and how are they - what is
what is what right there why oh good why
that's wrong - what oh well I meant to
put it why'd you tell me to the doctor
that's right the deep tricked me so I
knew where to put this but after you
pull me to raise the other part of my
mind I don't know very much where does
it go perfect
I don't know why you didn't know that
fine it over here no it doesn't what
goes over here next to all the other
batteries exactly I know who are you
there sure you don't look look at this
if it DC was match do that get out of my
face let's go eat
I love it enough but since I'm on a diet
I have to not completely avoid it but
kind of just my order so usually I get
double-double which is double cheese
bread all the good side but there's no
my sister cheese out eliminate that I
added grilled onions and I saw the bread
for
ketchup and mustard which has no fat so
this will have to deal with now which is
still makes me happy to still in and out
but it's not the same as let's say what
mom forgot which one of these juicy bad
boys so I'm so happy but still just to
eat here but I just have to adjust a
logo for my diet but the diet is going
good right
Roger burger Cooney so perfect
I've been having like the weirdest take
with music it allows if they don't want
it right here though it is perfect thank
you in smile would you say that's our
baby's first in and up
what the head of the court no I think
I'm okay are you sure yeah oh okay well
now the baby's gonna love in and out
Holly up better what are you thinking my
back you do your fun yeah
bikini I am drinking honey or lemon
honey wada tea or comb never a really
bad sore throat I think I'm coming down
with the colds I'm not sure I just have
a runny nose and uh super super super
scratchy throat so I'm trying to cool it
a rest areas in there don't you almost
like never get sick
I never most never get sick I think I
only get sick like once a year and
that's just to show the world that I'm
still human but like literally once a
year I get sick and it's probably for
like three days maybe a week maybe
that's also because it Lex can let's go
really get sick I don't know I know I
mean majority of us don't get it it's
almost over get sick true true I guess
or not sick people but I don't know I
think it's just the baby since I'm
giving it so many nutrients right now
that it's kind of taking me of my life
force so hopefully he gets my good stuff
our sheep me most I love that toys and
he keeps pulling out all the stuffing
he's pulling up look at it look at all
of them yeah every day Jill's mom comes
and she comes and sweeps it all up and
this bastard right here keeps pulling it
out but it looks so cute while he's
doing it I know but she does that every
day and this guy on now you want to
pretend okay you know I go back he goes
back to freaking pulling the stuff
little bitch meatloaf why do you love
pulling the stuffing out me love me love
talking to you why do you like pulling
with stuffing up he doesn't care about
me nice going to freaking accept me
mother
what my 23andme report came in
ah I know it Jesus I know this is so
crazy I don't even know how to how to
expect or say or feel or whatever I
remember when yours came in yeah and you
were super excited but now this is me so
now it's my turn to fuel it all and then
all you guys since 2007 oh my poor China
is much clearer positive means whatever
and then on the wedding video you guys
found out that I'm Chinese Taiwanese but
now I'ma get the real real shit I'm on
real and I'm a no genetically what I am
because maybe I'm such a Filipino should
I click it well what do you think you're
gonna be ah well I mean I don't know
Chinese because my heart apart one one
exotic I'm a little bit Mongolia not
even know they can you know this is that
detail because I know 2300 and me also
only works the more people get on it if
there's a lot of Europeans on there they
have been able to single a lot of
distinguish a lot of European alleles
yes but Asians you know like Asians
don't like to be all up in this
motherfucker so there might not even be
that much and because like yo you're
related to fucking Bobby B or something
alright let's do it well good I'm sorry
mom all right sighs Oh mommy
okay okay ready yeah yeah yeah whoo shit
happen okay hmm
tell me I want to know too
oh yeah because okay so right now I just
saw this seventy eight point two percent
Chinese awesome you're a little bit
exotic which means there is 21%
something else yeah and that's true
because I'm also part Peruvian oh hey
bloppy sigh apart
Peruvian right baby does not my
great-grandpa back in I think like 1850s
or something
he went from China on a ship all the way
to Peru
because he was buying herbs and stuff
where is a herbal trading company store
and he married a little Hina mean that
can't be spoken I'm not coughing bleep
god damn it all right one of the biggest
moments in my life when I figure it is
and this pretty
coughing oh my god is that like uni I
guess oh I'm gonna click on this you
ready yeah oh nothing yeah
what I think the Internet's really slow
on the real yeah it's like damn it kind
of do the show real time Wow
bro Wow 23andme no it's not it's our
Internet and do you might be uploading
dude oh shit there you go yeah maker
that's the BK troublemaker
oh there's some yellow up in the
Americas yeah
what are you serious whereas now where's
that what is my part blueish what how my
part bred blue and yellow K scroll down
fuck you ready Oh what do you think I am
what do you think I am I have no fucking
clue I just thought you're going to be a
hundred percent change by you dogs would
be all up in here huh yeah but actually
every day was Gloria Thatcher I got the
red and the yellow okay ready yeah
2 2 2 2 2 doo doo doo doo doo 98 percent
East Asian and Native American but is
that even me what Peruvian is Native
American but I'm also 1.8 percent
European hey now that's crazy I don't
even know what that one point isn't came
from that's also present I think Casey
did this to right he was like a hundred
percent tiny so he was 99 percent I am
look at you okay
eighty-six percent East Asian I'm three
percent Korean yeah oh that's crazy
isn't that crazy
I'm ahead of David I'll call that floor
right now where's my where's my phone
where is Oh motherfucker right now you
may find it yet to FaceTime you got a
fucking connection on it we're gonna
FaceTime it motherfucker
let's do it sorry god I'm late baby why
you give me such a hard time but damn
look at that fun fit though all right
let's do this was gonna fuck it FaceTime
if I'm gonna pick it up from his phone I
mean you're all Apple watch okay let's
do this
oh yeah well woody up to David so I did
the 23andme thing I named it and so it
tells you like what your genetic makeup
and I'm uh three up huh yeah and I'm one
percent Mongolian show him show him the
thing can you see this yes so I'm 86%
East Asian from 78% Chinese 3 percent of
teen Korean 1% Mongolian and 4% broadly
Asian and then I'm 10 percent Native
American and I think that's the Peruvian
part of me see I told you that among
Korean and butter me is that yeah my
mama she uh she mention Korean I am
Korean now I don't know someone your
family tree invidious because has not
fallen tree big I know I'm also 1.2%
Southeast Asian that's where the
refugees part of me comes from yeah hi
I know what brothers now dude you should
do it is awesome how much was it I am
feels like I don't know I'll let you
know
I forgot I forgot all right these are
beta have a good day
it's hard to share with you what a good
friend you too okay let's go back crazy
so I'm three percent Korean and then I'm
10 percent Native American one percent
oh man the peoples of East Asia and the
Americas have shared a genetic history
to common ancestors
the Near East as early as 80,000 years
ago migrating across Asia the ancestors
of Native Americans begins across from
two Americas 12,000 to 15,000 years ago
your ancestry timeline oh oh shit I get
it holy shit how many generations ago
was your most recent ancestor for each
population what so I'm part a barian
that means we share the same like
European gene 1% baby must I remind you
to warm sense
poor sense 2% you can't find my bed that
is crazy so in the modern day I'm
Chinese obviously but back in the 1800s
I got some Korean in me Native American
which is this is exactly totally shit
you know what that means no he's getting
so uh remember I was saying in the 1800s
yeah my grandpa went over to Peru yeah
so in that same time maybe my
great-grandma was fucking a Korean dude
it's in the same time buried with the
Mongolian in the Southeast Asian yes
that's dolma Wow yeah right yeah maybe
your shit if I could do it here baby
cool I get any of this stuff well guess
what our little baby is going to be
Korean Chinese Native American Mongolian
European it's gonna be everything even
applicant those other blah blah blah
bullshit how much of each ancestry did
you inherit from your parents this is
quite engaging I got to order a family
gift you just were to try to upsell you
we're not how to get my mom and my dad
on it but they already know my answers I
think but they don't want to tell me
come on yo you know my answers on you
sign up an old man
what look already gave you this these
are your chromosome we painted them with
your ancestry composition results the
first 22 are called autosomes and come
in pairs of two each represented by one
of the colored horizontal lines in the
graphic below chromosomes have different
lakes and
named 1 through 22 when sorted by size
scientism are very creative lastly we
also look at ancestry under an X
chromosome two copies like the autosomes
if you're female and only one copy if
you're a male yo and so I am pretty much
true percent your opinion without a
roundup and 1.6 percent southern
European and pretty much 0.8 percent
Iberian unassign that's the Neanderthal
part that's so cool
all those other things you are looking
at go back it is cool
Kappa North Korean there's the lactose
like an intolerant I'm ready in solids
oh I love ice cream I love milk yeah but
you fart baby
that's your intolerance but delicious on
her diarrhea but that's your intolerant
your life is intolerant baby that's why
you got to get to like me
this is you know you are why are you
trying to play yourself don't play
yourself alright let's see what the
fastest s a minute
Bart your weight is likely to be similar
on diets high or low in stature and we
got great genes well I got a number of
calories oh that's all true because
remember I was doing Aikido yeah and
when I was doing heels high fat low
carbs and I still got ripped yeah and
now I'm very macro so there you know we
have to sing well yours is way more like
this I didn't get this extra information
I guess that's dope
okay let's see let's go back well what
else half little groups Neanderthal to
have Neanderthal ancestry you have two
hundred and fifty three Neanderthal
variants this is less than 81 percent so
I have a little bit of Neanderthal who's
interesting cool
likely to flush they got that right I
got that crazy evening glow crazy you
like me consume life you can't consume
the alcohol flush reaction is
characterized by a redness reflection of
the face yes these reactions can result
from variance in the aldh2 gene which is
involved in breaking on alcohol you
cannot break down alcohol normally which
is very true I get hella red that's true
I don't have alcohol metabolized by
several enzymes it is first broken down
into a theater aldehyde a harmful
substance that is then converted to a
harmless acetic acid vinegar if a peta
aldehyde builds up it can call the
number of unpleasant symptoms
oh so this is why I think acetyl
aldehyde IX pays the fee no I'll hide in
my body and which is why I start trying
to rant I don't feel good which is why I
don't even like chicken okay that's not
true interesting caffeine consumption
likely consumes less Barton macLane
because all are genetically similar to
me so I think what they forgot is that I
live in America and America runs on
caffeine so the side of Asia
you guys drink your shit sanity yeah but
it's not like coffee though it is crazy
could you guys have your dessert to use
to in addition to regular tea but it's
still like tea is still like a third of
caffeine values as of coffee hi alright
deep sleep less likely to be a deep
sleeper in the deepest part of the sleep
cycle the brain produces a pattern of
electrical activity called delta waves
the strength of these ways reflects how
deeply a person sleeps as well as the
need for sleep that builds up during the
day deep sleepers are people with
naturally stronger delta waves so I got
weak Delta wave how do you make those
strong
I don't know just kidding another I feel
like I sleep pretty deeply what about
you
you don't sleep that deep at all so if
you wake up a lot remember you like did
you hear that I heard is over done I'm
like I hear jack shit you couldn't even
sleep with the watch winder oh yeah I'll
go through a set it says sleep intensity
is measured by Delta wave strength
electrical activity in your brain that
gets stronger when you're tired and
weaker the longer you sleep o learn more
about Delta boys ability to wait
research suggests that people are most
difficult to weigh from the delta waves
are strong no shit oh that's me a strong
DeltaWing oh yeah we go back and I'm
ready my composition oh right maybe
Barger fast-twitch muscle fibers likely
have the Alpha accident three protein
Sprinter power muscle type they got that
online they already saw what the fuck
they were working with and they knew the
power speed that was going on it Wow
look at the sunset
do you think that what you talked about
this oh yeah this ah Sun causes solar
eclipses oh it's just us it sure does
cause solar eclipses recently the
variant is rare in people of African and
such is most common in people of Native
American some researchers think that the
lacking alpha actinin 3 was actually in
vanished too early people in America
the outside abstinence 3 protein is only
found in certain types of fast twitch
muscle fibers less of this protein is
associated with lower power output which
may help explain why few elite spinners
and power athletes last this protein
enough said all right okay let's see any
more any more juicy stuff because
everything else is in it's not too crazy
to share yeah that's pretty much it
that's everything that's so freakin cool
yep that's so cool
so what a revelation that imma tell my
parents I'm Korean I'm Chinese
Native American which the Peruvian part
that I already know and I'm part 1%
Mongolian hey some badass
up I'll be cool yeah you're just way
more badass than mindless
why just kidding norm is pretty cool too
that's cool good job baby I'm glad I was
able to share this with you mom me to
show with you guys too and David and
David that was awesome well David does
dunno yeah imagine he's like 3%
Taiwanese - yeah awesome busy pretty
happy yeah okay
