good morning today is going to be quite
an interesting day for me I'm going to
start off by finally cleaning my rat
cage that you guys are going to get to
see not sure I've ever made a video that
so hey first time for everything
then I'm going to go to Whole Foods
because since this pregnancy I want to
try it to eat healthier have it any
crazy cravings or any stuff I haven't
had any cravings or anything like that
but I just want to make sure I maintain
a healthy bat from up baby
Ruby and lastly I will be attending my
cute little nephew's birthday party
today it's gonna be Lego soon good
morning
okay finally done the last thing I have
to do is just get my rest
a quick little bath and then I just put
them in their cage and we're done but
before I give them that here's the
finish page so here is a little cube but
I'd like to hide inside and I don't know
if you guys can see in there but in that
corner they bid it open so now they hide
between the layers of the coil of the
cloth that's the little potty corner
that's for them to hide and this little
thing is really cool and if you can see
but they like to chew everything we chew
through everything but they can go into
this little tunnel burrow here come out
here I pick it in here come up through
this section if they want or going
through here there's a lot of hiding
places um this has like a little ball
thing here but they bit it then you have
stairs which had a cover but they fit
that too and then I gave them a little
just some old pants that I no longer
wear just for more burrowing another one
for burrowing but as you can see V they
like to play and burrow a lot this
little snack fruit this little munchies
area this is a little tetherball thingy
that was on the other thing but I guess
to play with it now it's a little igloo
for them to hide down to the second
floor are recycled Amazon bucks cut a
little hole and they can like kick it in
their hide do what they got to do and
then we move to the third floor where
they have their water back there
our dry food another rag or just cloth
so that they can burrow in and hide and
play they have a little hammock here
which is really cute I always have to
touch the bottom and see if they're here
or touch the bottom of the queue and
then my crane you guys there another
little potty corner their little tube
that they absolutely love they get to
run all around here go around
another little burrowing station this is
the cover I was talking about so what I
ended up doing was just cutting both
ends so they could have the option of
running in a tunnel if they really want
to you're just a little random bed it's
so cute because it moves from floor to
floor I guess they just carry it
everywhere ah yep and that's their
that's the little mansion these guys
have a good good life this house is dope
if I was their size I'd want to live
here I'm slowly looking at a little
thing that they like to do so I try to
recycle different boxes or I'll try to
bring in like I want to start bringing
in like little bats for them or in the
summer when they say to get hot they put
water and ice and they cook peas in
there and they like to dig for things so
they like to burrow they like to nibble
um they'd like to dig so as I'm learning
about these guys I start to on
accommodate for all those things so yay
finally done so I'm on this really cool
app that tells me stuff that I should be
meeting or avoiding while pregnant and a
lot of times father and I are constantly
working we don't really have time to buy
really healthy snacks I find myself in a
place like Starbucks and stuff which is
cool and all but it's not the freshest
of the fresh ingredients so I figured um
I would come to Whole Foods and get some
food
that I could snack through today
what about mandarin oranges is it failed
but a mandarin older mandarin oranges
font booth with people yeah let's do it
and because it's looking about these
guys unlike like let's say but
strawberry where you have to put in the
container the fruit is the container
yeah makes it kinda well one of the
things that to add that I'm on
recommended is to eat apples and cheese
and specifically the cheese is for the
healthiest is the multi vitamins and I'm
thinking of the prenatal that I'm
thinking doesn't have a lot of calcium
they would take calcium is the best cuz
on one should take a calcium supplement
I can I can I think you should that way
you can get the natural calcium and if
you don't fulfill that you always start
the Vitamix or the backup for the
healthy right but I'm not here to buy
vitamins I'm here to buy a whole food
okay look let's get apples a beautiful
book yeah that's cool I'm cool with that
I mean there's no real nutritional
forget it
I'm gonna go grab the keys like
okay I want English muffinz now Oh
Mikado's avocados are dictator mine do
you want well we're in the produce I
wanted to get avocados but you start
shouting English muffin but girls
whistle sorry I'm just going based off
of away listen is it and I gonna cost
hop Oh Apple how can you be one of your
organic apples tip would have a freaking
these are all these are all these
fucking really damn trigger after you
play horrible the presence of this or no
do you know steroid is a plug these are
not Natick Susan a tea apples which is
not natty Apple for it look at that
alright I'm gonna get a couple apples
what is this going to be
why would I get those because there's
you want an apple I know but that looks
like a joke what empty
I don't know I feel about those can I
just get regular after cure of you watch
what happened that's ready we would
happen okay okay fine that's you ready
no you have to take one big hit her
happy and through your nose
are you ready hold your breath and I
think what big hits do you know that bad
ha ha ha your turn I have a stuffy nose
right I really care about so yeah take
just take one big hit ok blow all the
air off
I can't ahead blow all your out through
your mouth now take the biggest hit ever
it's not that crazy I'm also used to
this kind of huge I love cheese it does
smell a little caramely yeah McCarroll
yeah it's perfect oh your server do you
know what you're the one that's terrific
mommy only normally that success
negative put the opposite you want to go
that booth is that regular of course I
want apples on steroids Wow
all right avocado time how do you check
for avocados
what do you mean like for ripen or what
yeah yeah well well I don't know if you
just fit get fava coddles blindly well
you got a test to make you get the good
one how the first one we get up kill it
then the Mexican you do you view the the
tried-and-true 10 which is it feels good
how do you check for avocados the
defense apparently weird you can check
all Mikado by the color and field but
the greenery or doesn't make anything or
not right the boxwood like that should
be right and in the super dark ones are
mushy right
you must you squeeze it sounds like not
the two types arrives the mushy right
for the moons of this revived by the
color which should I go back oh I want
to eat it this week this week forget the
one it's not much more you do that can
you pick it for me cuz it's priced right
okay we've won are also right these are
kind of mush here then these are elegant
it you cook I don't you think with a
lighter clerk yeah in their heart it
look like balls in a ball sack you want
Olympus
moving apart
what's gonna eat the whole 3p well yeah
I'm not gonna be they're gonna kick us
out okay what what just looking at home
oh look the folks I hope people watch
those my credential thank you net weight
and he's trying to put it in so I'm
going to make my own shell mix I'm going
to get walnuts unsweetened coconut drive
diced mango from my app cashews and
that's kind of climbing more comics or I
can just buy within the black bag
already I'll just do this that's pretty
good
Trail Mix done oh what's this one should
I look good
yeah I'm kind of overwhelmed by all the
choices so I think I'm going to stick
with pre-made tournaments what it did
all right instead of looking at all this
stuff
I've already concluded that I have a
pretty decent knowledge of healthy
nutrition so I think I'm going to ditch
the app and I'm just going to do my own
shopping as I know the whole body like
and handles and I know is good for my
body from the stick to that
all right so things kind of happened
quickly let me catch you up real quick I
got some organic milk for the calcium
with DHA Omega 3 which is healthy
healthy fat I got me some carrot juice I
got me some popcorn some coconut
shavings um Mangal
what is it it's on the model this is not
an avocado what is it no dude I saw it I
thought it really gimme with the plus if
we put a little snap it's not going to
bundle and you throw in the living room
into the dogs ago when they smell in the
goo they want to get it out so they keep
start playing with it until it comes out
and they give you a little treat after
they get it up so you gotta find in a
pair you put this in the bunghole and
you throw it out the bone all right fine
we got some candles some really good to
spacious because I needed it also look
at this yes those are different avocados
I got this some tea but it's to help me
relax
Oh
some assorted crackers for the avocado I
think that's about it in it
Nadine's cute ass got these little cute
ass fucking bottles we go cutie sinful
men all I could think half every thought
oh remember the lemon soda that we got
in our in Italy
judo sulfur I'm out of here from this
one God that was something important you
made it every yo like this this is oh
there's my little lemon one of this is
amazing
Oh Whole Foods is crazy next level
checked itself they have funny crystals
so in case it's not convenient to use
actual honey which is kind of thick and
syrupy we're trying to squeeze it all
over the place and you want to just put
it in like milk or cereal or coffee or
teeth they got honey crystals and if you
don't want that natural stuff
they even got fructose crystal so if
you're trying to make your own soda or
something and you're like yo I need
actual fruit oh you could get fructose
crystal holy moly what am i doing where
oh ma nuclear mine my Renuka what uh
what with us I'm taking you yes
oh I got up alright so just finished
meeting for barbell brigades we were in
here all day when I came here to some
about and there the Sun it's tough the
wing it's nighttime
so I'm on my way to see my nephew give
his little Lego product so let's go
ah
I'm describing balls all wrong oh wow oh
you don't get business here every pound
it when you connect to me will forget it
can be somebody I'm training of time
here there's a lot of Chinese all right
I had to come indoors those kids are
freaking crazy rambunctious crazy loud
crazy hyper but I got a goodie bag let's
see what's inside
so in this goodie bag which I do not
deserve position people little kids but
I got it anyway I get a Rubik's Cube
super cool I get a Lego notepad pencil
skittles
Mott's assorted fruit cheese it oh my
god and the cutest hair Evo you knew I
was gonna love this could did a little
mini gummy bear so cute
hell yeah - the eminence gross oh cool a
leg a little wristband these are great
for little kids it's just an eraser I'm
thinking it's an eraser super cute oh
wait I missed something
this you don't know what this is it's
kind of like oh no never mind this is
Jolly Rancher flavor but there's
something similar like this it's a
Mexican candy but it's Jolly Rancher
boots and finish its clubs oh wait this
is in English looks like this is crayon
cuz it's like a crayon but then it's si
what a months not there today so it says
a green apple flavor
oh no I guess you turn this and it comes
up but it reminded me of this um
tamarind candy named what was it called
not Lucas let's go to called never mind
stupid memory anyway so cool that I got
to see my little nephew even though he
was like I saw him for five seconds then
he like left and then I couldn't find
him after that it was cool to see him a
little bit everyone had a kid there so
that was cool I think it was cooler now
since I know that I'm having a baby I'm
just like connecting with other moms and
talking to them about their baby and for
like out of nowhere
I shouldn't say out of nowhere it's out
of somewhere but now all of a sudden I'm
so intrigued by the baby and it look at
the baby no Micah who okay deny all I
wanted to talk about babies so it's
really cool to spend this whole time a
bunch of little babies little kids
running around everywhere getting ideas
about like what moms do for kids
birthday party like goody bags
I know about that I didn't hang out with
people with kids it's going to be a fun
journey and I'm so excited that I got to
come to or I got to attend a little kid
party I can't wait till this little
buddy is born
I just need seven more marks so after
the party this is how I like to party so
hotel lobbies it's the hotel out after
the parties the hotel lobby yes um so
I'm just here in Mom's house put the
blanket remodel pose you don't like it
do you like it I don't even know word
shadow this is my mom's dog shadow my
shadow goes oh track it along
yeah look shadow come here I know oh god
I didn't call you dude he didn't call
you I called you okay fucking shadow he
says its most funny in there
yeah he gets along with he likes to
smell lucky let's see if he does it
smell the cat smell the cat fuck it
