this is what we do in the beginning of
JK news every morning everyone goes out
and gets McDonald's David over there
drinking a coffee Julia getting ready
Joe telling a funny story
just his first time on Jay King news
TIFF just hanging out looking at
articles and Ryan check getting the
cameras
it is so cold I'm wearing a base layer
that's made out of merino sheep wool
what's up merino sheep isn't it I think
it's merino merino wool and then I have
my tights I have a blanket sweater and I
have a blanket and I have to I have to
wrap my fetuses in the blanket because
they're cold okay hold it here and David
looks like a turtle - y'all straight up
is broken and it actually produces hot
hair and I don't know how that works
because the a/c that's really cool you
feel it I mean I just started on it's
our AC in over here it's a separate unit
or something like that does that a see
what we don't have a heater you know
buddy turn it on I think it's broken
we had AC but then when we turned the AC
on during the summer the heater comes on
but and now Joe's trying to turn it on
but I don't think it's working and we
have this big-ass hole with the cold
draft it makes it colder because there's
no window so there is sunlight and if
there was a window the Sun would shine
in here warming actually warm it but
we're in a fucking container today for
lunch I'm supposed to go at this my meal
prep which is curry chicken but because
it's cold today I decided to order some
pozole which is one of my favorite soups
in the world and it's from Mexico and
this place lost flounders and he hasn't
Boyle Heights
it is delicious and it's like a pork and
hominy based soup and it comes with all
these vegtables so what I like to do is
I get the lettuce and you put it in here
kind of like faux with the bean sprouts
you put in there just for a little bit
of crunch and then you throw a little
bit of this radish in here and it kind
of melts it and somehow it makes it a
little bit soggy crunchy
and then a lot of people they like to
throw the linemen immediately but
because lime cools the soup I like to
let this sit just for a little bit and
then I throw in some more onions and
then I put the linemen at the last
second and this place is actually really
really good so today for lunch I'm gonna
have this and I'm have this and it's
gonna be a fun time do you feel bad for
cheating on your diet I don't really
consider it cheating cuz it's soup even
though that's bullshit
so i'ma call bullshit on myself bullshit
but this is healthy and tonight I'm
gonna get shabu shabu which is a little
bit lean too and I'm gonna eat I don't
drink all the soup I eat like the meat
and then a little bit of soup just for
my taste buds and feel warm and then
that's it what are you doing over here
David ice cream peeps what I thought
you're on a diet I knew you were gonna
go back on your diet immediately Yeah
right you say you own it are you being
lazy again just laying on the couch
while everyone's working well this TV is
a guitar who's in this what the hell
what's going on in ice cream please do
what are you guys doing over here
oh we can be energetic for some cool
videos
join us sleep in my room where I usually
sleep I won't fart like the floor this
is a couch fine that's true okay
goodnight my back so what were you
saying about your stupid movie that made
it to stun Sundance and Moon Moon dance
no we had we had a lot of positive
reviews for it so The Hollywood Reporter
did a really good review there's a few
other people is that throwing with all
the fake paparazzi stuff like Brad Pitt
is now dating like Selena Gomez or
whatever he said that a lot of people's
presidents do reviews and a lot of
people with publications that I really
keep mindful oh yeah I may just see
especially for me because like when I
did this film like I don't want it to be
like Oh everybody was good but that
youtuber yeah and now the thing that I
was worried about because I was up
against a lot of like really really good
actors you know a summer everything came
out relatively good there was a couple
of criticisms but I'm not even worried
about that I mean the main point that
everybody seemed to got was that it
wasn't an asian-american film it was
about the story between two families and
then the Asian American thing was like
the backdrop is so much the Rodney King
arrives so we don't want social media
you know like there's social justice
shit to be hit over yeah yes wanted to
live inside the characters then it
sounds like hella propaganda because a
lot of Asian American films that I see
anyways they have this thing where
they're like you know they was put in
line you know what it's like being an
Asian American yeah this country like
it's so corny nobody talks like that you
kind of wanted to live inside the
characters because a lot of the
times you don't need to say it's just
already there because I'm pretty sure
like when you're an Asian American like
in the early 90s
you never said is it because I'm an
agent that's a thought that people think
of now yeah people just live in that
moment and they kind of expressed how
they felt through other types of facets
so yeah Guk has like that kind of strong
message behind it so a lot of people got
that
so that's dough dude what have you been
up to today I've seen in a long ass time
just trying to keep busy man like just
got hit up for a new season Wilin out
what season is that no it's gonna be
season 9 what nine of the overall run
and then like of the new of the reboot
it's like fifth season for me yeah Wow
is the page exactly the same was it
drastically different now I mean it
definitely went up a little bit when it
went from MTV to to MTV you know so it's
a little higher now because isn't it
there's a word on the street like after
your third season that's what I'm like
like that's when you really get to
renegotiate everything and you know my
you know my agents are in there trying
to get a little more like money for me
you know yeah let's go and I'm trying to
write a movie - there's that a funny one
or a serious one that's like a dark
commie did I tell you that I had I had a
movie deal and then it got like taken
away from me basically high school sucks
the musical man so happy was a company
came up to me in there yeah yeah we like
working with you you know we know you
can write we know you can act we got a
bunch of funding to do a movie do you
want to do a movie I was like of course
who would it yeah of course they were
like okay let us know what you want to
do I already knew what I wanted to do
was in my head already like I had a
story already it was like basically
already written right we're finalizing
does that mean to do with you and Rick
in the back of a food truck um no
so my lawyers were like my lawyer was
finalizing the contracts my agent were
going back and forth like it was almost
done and then I checked back and I'm
like what's good with the movie deal and
my agent was like you know they pulled
out well I like came out because goo
came out fucked it all up
this company had did a movie with
another quote-unquote influencer right
uh didn't do well at all like it didn't
look good like it didn't sell anything
so this company was like let's rethink
what we're doing with our money before
we give Tim this movie deal who's that
other influencer that sucked ass you
know yeah knowing but you know it is so
they're afraid to give so just because
you have numbers it doesn't mean that
you know how to write doesn't you know
how to act does not mean you know how to
fucking director oh you don't want to
take the traditional facets you don't
want to learn from people and then
you're you're fucking it up for people
like us I know who fucking know how to
do that shit they're relying on only
numbers and these companies like are
giving money to people with only numbers
and in there and then it fucks it up for
everybody they're not making their money
it fucks it up for the people who are
like trying to take this shit seriously
yeah it's all bad mmm you know so it
kind of a low-key kind of kicked my ass
to UM stop relying on other people cuz I
go I used to just I used to do
everything myself right and then you
kind of get it to get coffee right and I
was like you got people now it's company
I got people
let me just wait till the deal is done
and then I'm gonna write it right but
now I was like after all that should
happen I like let me just do this shit
man like I have the means and the
connects now too
if I wanted to like me to do it that's
so true
that's the truth
potato how's the momma bear doing okay I
think it's always my time where oh I
feel yucky it's already tired you get
evening sickness I did today I wasn't
before but today before dinner I'd like
the rule of this Jake Kane news heart on
your body when you're trying to make a
baby and you love the oven a little bit
it's more taxing than I thought I think
like sitting for so long
hurts this is weird I've never
experienced this like my joints hurt my
knees hurt my back hurts it's just it
feels like the symptoms of like the cold
like a flu
I don't know I'm never had the flu but
like cuz usually when you get like body
aches it's the flu and stuff oh yeah
yeah yes I guess it feels like that and
then I'm internally cold and I'm just so
exhausted and I'm hungry but then like I
throw up it's so weird
so I can't wait to come home and just
get into the cuny bed and look up rat
toys cuz I want to get there's more
stuff here I'll show you this can you
see see there's like different rat cage
ideas you're such a good mama
not really I feel so bad for these rats
I never spend time with them anymore cuz
I'm never home I've already spent time
with their dogs they love us look at
them
I got Keeney these guys are this is how
they sleep they never are really slow
for the first time in their life it's
one dog on each bed but it's all
scrunched together and usually by the
morning they are in a completely
different configuration okay meatloaf is
born right back is sucking his own dick
perfect mm-hmm cue me so we can do not
go sleep yeah I'm just gonna feed again
in here
give my it deserve fit your mama you're
making a baby no no oh no I'm sorry if
you get in here is it oh hi
good night everybody
