I'm in a robe right now because we're
about to play this JK party game and
it's going to be hella cold so I'm
trying to charge up my body just so I'm
ready for the elements but these guys
are prepping the ice right now and
they're shooting b-roll for it and
answering a fuckin parka am I going to
be in our shot Casey if I'm standing
here okay this is Patrick aka Michael
Bay oh shit Patrick Bay holy moley
oh my god so they're gonna put the ice
in the water already I can't even see
your face all around you but don't don't
go I feel like the action though oh oh
shit more I go lower than lower
I should we're gonna stack over back
there is another Potomac other Cambodia
Network
there we go and action and
oh my goodness
- is Brock our dude Oh would you rather
be a cam up or would you rather be in
their video would you rather be a cam up
or would you rather dunk your body to
the high school odor this memo I would
want to do yeah you don't like the cold
that much you like the cold that much I
just know how uncomfortable it's going
to be and knowing like you got sick and
people have to like save like frozen the
whole time of the game yeah he's gonna
fucking suck yeah that's true that's
what you gotta do yes what we did a
research and once you put ice in water
and you let it sit there for about three
minutes don't suppose it gets to the 30
degree 32 degrees which means it's
freezing and during game test day Casey
and Antoine Higgins Nick from natural
so below 32 all 32.1
my bear how do you feel about this game
cuz I know you hate the cold
I am freezing right now just getting
here like I feel like he'll hold that
water in and a half everywhere why are
you dressed so warmly totally fine
especially now that Super Bowl wha are
you happy that you're not playing the
game really yes well yes because I don't
want the cold but no because I always
have fun with ranking it's always fun to
Lionel's is that like games and under
challenge yourself so I've kind of wish
I could do it but I'm not hating the
fact that I'm not going to do it now why
aren't you doing it because I have a
baby Emily woo so we don't want any yeah
yeah yeah no travel very traumatic yeah
and may potentially lose the bait or you
know I don't want to risk that yeah for
a silly game did you hear that Casey and
Anne Tommy got sick from after the game
that how shockingly cold it was I know
that's it we got emergency last night
for the cash I don't even feel sick I'll
be I'll be cheering on are you gonna
cheer for me okay we're gonna wind
evening what do you think Tess handles
the cold air you and Julia handle it
pretty well to remember in the ice the
the one where you guys put your feet in
ice okay there's no taking stuff out
with your toes yeah she hung in more
than really yes I didn't all she did I
was like father I'm gonna win this game
for sure yeah but yes enough I think
yeah Jesus
the dance between YouTube and halftime
with any throws that part made me weak
oh yeah yeah yeah the Canton said if you
were a hundred percent cancel you
probably I'd probably be it's going to
be you but I don't know might be cheaper
I just I just found my long-lost brother
in Josh his nipples are the same size of
Gawker the same holy shit hey by can you
hold it for this real quick oh my God
look at this maybe isn't even smaller a
little Mahler I don't know they I think
is a smaller look at look at his nipples
look how small that shit let me zoom in
let me give you a coach lazy hey you
gotta check this out look what I found
out dude here's is a great Josh ball a
five nipples so I'm changing like holy
shit that's crazy with long-lost
brothers we made out the other time here
yeah you did I made out and the same
size an opossum did did you always have
all that hair on your chest
oh man did you see that today here likes
that hairy holy shit your fucking
gorilla dude I know you were you like
that since like third grade or something
no I wasn't like just another grade but
I feel like ever since I went to purity
I was had a lot of hair for an Asian
like you have a lot of facial hair too I
don't feel like it doesn't like garage I
grew up here I hope people know I appear
in my life but I feel like it wouldn't
be this sport I didn't shave in a couple
times you shave your chest yeah I shave
my whole body all for swimming
yeah like when I was when I used to long
you know before I can really big maybe
shave down to get rid of every single
bit of position so you attribute your
manly chest care to the swimming a
little bit if I just say so I think a
little bit it wouldn't be as coarse as
in Wednesday I didn't shave it if you
say you're literally the hairiest Asian
I've ever met
very much
alright so we just wrapped the first
shoot now going to move on for the
second one but I'm in the second one
look at this hair look horrible
so time the coma delayed a finished
straightening my hair and I feel more
like a lady even though look at all
these little things in stand up girl
problems can you even tell what I have a
curly thing standing up here like little
little Clark yes mmm a little bit but
barely do you look like you'll I love
that when your straightener
promise yeah you do I think it'd look
really essentially trippy and yeah I
like my straightener but not when it's
down right while I like on its down but
my favorite is the ponytails of the
banks inside that's what I think you're
super candy in an immigrant morning then
I guess I'm putting it up in a ponytail
with my bikini how do you choose excited
to put it on yes which is I think it
just depends on my mood so like right
now looks more put together it looks a
little bit better and then on this side
of the flow bit sloppier like I want to
do more email I should like that's not
better this is the side where my bangs
are cuts that looks like a funnel
I like that so I know but then it gets
in my it's always exist I kept my like
Michael because other pile of Carly oh
that is cute
okay I thank you you're welcome so now
it is lunch time and because I'm having
the baby I gotta eat good stuff which
means I can't really be on a diet
and I really shouldn't be tracking
because it's just not healthy and should
listen to what my body wants all my
better lines and I need it just eat
every two hours that's what you told me
to be eating every two hours so they
just ordered some Thai food so some
steamed veggies with steamed beef and
then some white rye and then some curry
ride and then some pad thai and that's
the chicken so I'm gonna eat
Mickey chickens actually my favorite one
Herschel hoga mmm hey what are you doing
here oh stop it
I'm walking around the office and I
don't see Jane anywhere right and CeCe
sighs and I feel a firing dog bars a
little my baby sees no Gina
definitely no gene in the bathroom no
Gina over here there's no Gina
so yeah that tells me then I have any
haunts but that tell me sleeping and
where is their bed is perfect
I called it it's so Coffee is amazing
but the fitted it oh shit
oh yeah this is good no I want to gift
this not just help her do this is like
he's like singing this is leaving you
smell good it to me
discipline shit whose was it it was with
a little Bob whiskey I mean let's gather
wheat for the motherland what are you
talking about how you like to wait too
much I look like a little we crushing
grip under the tummy tuck
I must gather week for the motherland
being here you know I don't know how
does not mean he rolled up right one
bring Bri
I mean to closure taking a piss Bart
ticker for food I want to cuddle them so
now seeing the set with all the bodies
here makes me very happy because it
looks beautiful
oh so nice it doesn't look as empty as I
thought it would or as busy as I thought
it would why you look good today let's
go eat yeah you look really cute when
you had to have that girls love it up no
you guys are can I never get sick yeah
it looks really clear has this any had
said if anyone looks really cute free oh
yeah attention to detail oh yeah yeah
thank you black white green black white
green black white green but you had to
know just a little bit on how
we can barely tell you're good
we test you just you just this new
French designer made for mando Kwon ho
that is the Selfridge what is that
Glen's Oh what is it this it's tell me
Oh bah boom cuando Wow
that's right yes Frenchie sure we
drinking just coffee
ah I miss Kathy a jerk I was envisioning
since the theme of today never have I
ever is thankful it's going to be a
label of yours that you're going to
assign yourself hello my name is IDO and
I'm a volleyball G okay I was whatever
it seems you feel like you've been
represented in high school absolutely
what's what it is oh oh well I don't
know sorry
like that camera speed alright seeing
one B take one all right name and label
hi I'm Gia and in high school I was a
loser no one so far no one is relatable
it's not like I was a cheerleader not on
the debate team there's going to be six
unrelatable people I did a lot of drug
you guys can relate I was a drug addict
I'm going to try adding burnt out oh
yeah now write a lot of shit I know
one see take one awesome whoa
very cool all right we're good all right
all right so what is your name and
what's your label action
my name is Gina and I was a weird goth
kid that always had a knife on me after
I drink some blood
go away you fucking weirdo always had a
knife on you why oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
oh it's my turn all right let's go ahead
and roll Audio not be a camera chemistry
this is seeing one hey take two all
right between your bar what is your name
and label action
I'm Bart and I spent five years in high
school and I'm Bart and I spent five
years in high school
let's have you off your head and tell
students like the flowers are like a
little weed Ukraine found that label
Persephone I'm living like a Greek
prison all right roll audio nothing cam
receiving this is 1b take one
and action I'm Joe and in high school I
was never there well it's up to eating
your face I know I'm getting here you're
gonna come on hard until dark blue
dressed in like ten years y'all are just
literally cheerleading think so give me
your own are creating clutter clutter
and then zoom out really readily your
sweet potatoes is and we're practical I
don't dress pretty bless all right why
free so feel free to jazz it up here we
go and roll audio never been this is one
e61 what is your name and label Michael
I'm Jessica and I was a cheerleader
sorry
Steven what like for you do you want to
see I don't have I'm not watching okay
how is this imagining me not wanting
bleachers full of people I guess not
wider
why is no hurry oh well see I didn't
nobody nobody look at are you working
nobody look at her nice to your bum
kicked off the team really got a nail
your next year it's still rolling my ass
action - I'm Jessica and in high school
I was the cheerleader
okay Jeff okay you just finish a mission
6ep video what happened what happened
before and what about the internet part
or what is it called like the I don't
know when you introduce each layer data
entry Anna um I totally loved that one
and I was really awkward and I think
Casey could tell the director he was
like okay that's enough just let's keep
it moving yes you but then the first 20
minutes of this game was actually really
long I was very scared I was having a
panic attack inside really like I was
telling Josie oh my gosh I was gonna
puke for like the first 10 minutes I
couldn't breathe I was seeing like black
ice like and clothing I was like I'm
busy I'm so nervous and I think for a
great actor yeah that makes your great
act I wasn't ever like probably we're
shooting for what almost like an hour it
wasn't first like probably 30 minutes
until I could calm down then that's
crazy so pray I don't like being on
camera I let people expecting me to
entertain them I'm like me yeah I don't
but guess what I do be right now oh yeah
anything in a 10 M above oh he needs to
do this more true yeah so now we're
going to play the final game of today
which is the tin can challenge if you
don't know what it is really fucked up
so basically someone that's not cast
will go pick up some cans of random and
green this would be anything really good
and anything really really fucking bad
like a farmer likes dogs we have bad
stuff and then they take off all the
labels so it's like this and kind of
like let they just randomly click that
he kin can open it and they have been a
spoonful of whatever's in there so it
could be something good
maybe something bad and this but I kind
of looked out because some heavens
babies are not allowed to eat a lot of
are they uncooked or raw stuff so it's
not saved me yes for bacteria and get
myself am a bit sick so I have to sit
out all right though today and the boss
of the set I'll show you everything's
under control
alright three guys talk about the plan
with the camera on the table good Josh
interrupts them cool okay to drink and
water to me drink water have a paper
headphone on your ears right now Joe
caress Jess
Julia peace line Evan growth the tripod
and everything is according to my plan
so I arranged all of this and this is
why the set is so smooth right now
people say just say this thing KP look
you are going to look over there with a
hat on I think this is the way it is so
smooth right now damn it
awesome hey everyone good more than I
like that like this that's great Josh
talk to Patrick Andrew talk back and
forth because you have look at that and
they listen hmm all right guys ready let
dry all cast members remedy
all right Gina finish not ice a statue
how to win my eyelashes
wait no no my eyelashes your eyeliner
eyeliner I'm hard and she said she would
do it for me so I'm never going to lunch
how long screaming you look like this
pressures okay oh here we go I'm going
to do it in somebody's way send 3 cards
yeah that's one card okay ready
everybody over those are some incredible
with me that necks around have less mana
come until you have aiyaaa
I guess you and how do you release this
minion on me or two minions on me
nothing worse not yeah but you know we
have to get here until there yeah you
only have to protect us blossom I mean
so long
I love pensall it doesn't smear this
amazing I have oily asked what lemon is
good like oh I should or you know we're
not like actual quickly I've got a nice
lesson at always I gave you a small
winged is my first good do you want to
see the mirrors on it was the wind wave
good yeah I give you a short one in cart
you off easy
okay okay I look like a lady I like it
away you closed your other alright
here's what this is mine
this is what I see in front of me but
this doesn't come I this is what I
really she
that's what I look like I think all they
care about is this so yeah pretty much
all right come here let me see your eye
okay I'll show you when she finishes my
fingers all right so I told you I wanted
to go really big she said no you don't
need to I said do it just fine you're
fucking it up yourself Wow and then but
I like it but she says it's too big it's
too Amy Winehouse we're going to turn it
down a bit but you did a great job so
far I still don't understand the
mechanics that was study I'm gonna make
you look like a crack crack or like any
warehouse oh shit okay all right final I
like it thank you one day you shall
learn I'm not today this is maybe I
could just go home and study and then
I'll start my own makeup channel and
then one day you will to look like a
whore like idea was always I love you to
the ways of the workers you would have a
whore face I use your dude I use
definitely don't like those it answered
me that like I don't put on my more face
of your back I never thought you put on
a lot of makeup really yeah I think it
was before I actually like started
hanging out filming with you guys a lot
like then it was like the only time I
ever wore makeup was when I had to go
dance I didn't know how to tone it down
during the day I'm more like fucking fat
ass lashes and there's one thing that
mazing stop actually was I went to I was
at a gaming convention I was just
walking around hanging out and my friend
comes over and she goes no see I
recognize those big lashes anywhere else
like I'm in a big for a random daytime
event and then I like toned it down more
ah
but man the whole face was real back
then I don't think any of us in Carroll
always ever know you I think it's a plan
to call you oh not really oh it's
awesome yeah I'm not really a ho Sheila
stuff quite opposite of all I think I'm
more of a ho and she's oh no no think
I'm not no I
and it was her really hos around here
hahaha
I was just panning just a case you had
something to say it's all ah we're
having such a great day
probably like I'm so reluctant yeah like
look at us we're like BFFs you just did
my all my let's go eat guys oh yeah some
of the work fuckin acting I've ever seen
in my life
can you guys just hook it just let your
love out it's a lot easier you puffing I
think you missed up ah David not in a
fuckin mood Oh lovey
