good morning today is our set up day for
the fit Expo and we just got to the
convention center go from there and look
at all the sponsors all right so these
are the sponsors we got bodybuilding.com
subway I don't know what that is it's
too far
Oh bang finish on Rolf's Oh what oh my
goodness it's us and then these are the
rest of the sponsors so look at that
we're a proud sponsor of the Los Angeles
feed Expo all right I'm hungry so we're
gonna grab some food before we start
doing anything all right I'm trying to
order coffee for soy a little hot soy I
asked for a chai latte
did you try I'm just gonna really like
or it's getting here is regular black
coffee I'm getting this just because it
reminds me of my high school days and
the center is always bombed and then
part of course is getting a pastry here
you go
and then we have Marika morning Rory
alright so we have about 80% of the crew
with us right now
we got Steve over there we got Erin we
got and we got Adrian we got Marie we
got mark we got Derek yeah and we're all
here just to set up so it's not gonna
look like this tomorrow it's not gonna
look this empty like everything that you
see in line it's gonna be so packed like
this is gonna be packed all this floor
is gonna be packed this is gonna be
packed look they're setting up their
booth like it's gonna be nuts are these
for Elias is one of the biggest Fitness
shows of the year there is Anaheim FedEx
oh but it's not that big it's just has
been around as long as Ally FedEx lo
but look you see everything in shrink
wraps on pellets and then it's beautiful
because then like by tomorrow everything
is set up mean yeah you see people
scrambling back you know here and there
trying to like get their finishing
touches up but for the most part it all
gets completed here let's check it out
see look at this exclusive behind the
see where are you redundant bid X book
we're gonna show you guys where the food
that's right well so far these look
pretty nice that's a truth boil barbell
Brigade Ian even if it with this much
they'll say man yeah no I love it
that's fucking loyalty oh shit that's
pretty cool
oh shit that's pretty cool to call this
this setup is real
and these are booths that people have
been planning for like months if not
maybe even a year like this is some
serious shit we've got people on a crane
sweet sweat Blackstone laughs all right
what
health
okay oh then we got the rest of the crew
we got the team Evan I think they're
trying to trip us better how can be a
joke oh all right and the moment that
we've all been waiting for especially
myself I haven't see this in person is
our booth
I'm all fuckin both oh it's real oh this
is sick
what I think it's sick about it because
this is what most boots look like like
this is like the bare minimum and this
is how we started the very first year
that we were here it was it was nuts but
then we wanted it to be an experience we
want everyone to feel like if they can't
make it to the gym at least so you can
get some sort of gym vibe from us so out
here let me show you right here we're
gonna host a deadlift competition that's
the platform sport you see Barbara it's
closed off it's kind of exclusive cuz
it's just like we're in our own little
world and then of course we got to put
the plug we gotta put in the plug
imagine one of these is like misspelled
and then here's the inside we got the
part
right here co-owner Park want come on
fire power game my students don't want
to look in case of spots a typo
and then we got our athlete Bryce Lewis
dominate humbly look at that and then we
got this stupid face right here it's not
a bad photo so Mike and then this is
where all our all that inventory is
gonna be what we're gonna talk about
boobs we're gonna talk about boobs
why are real so but they're really small
I don't know why I was just minding my
own business I was just doing my own
thing I was talking about all of this
stuff and I don't know who she just
wanted to be a funny guy but anyway then
here's Amanda a beautiful Amanda and
then this will be our photo wall right
here and then we got rubber flooring
look at that I got the tires right here
those are those Thai guys but yeah
that's me okay
to move the vehicle
we do have a 20-minute limit let's
unpack to the continue to get more
vehicles and trucks on the loading dock
thank you you're welcome
all right so a little bit of progress we
got Marie Ann stocking up all the little
puppies with all the different sizes and
designs and they're doing an amazing job
I've never seen anyone stock up cubbies
this good like look at how pretty
everything looks I saw you got to leave
stuff that that is has to do with
organize have to leave it to girls
because guys just make it look horrible
and they don't put the things like
looking uniform or like you know the
sizes they probably throw at like
backwards upside down so they're killing
it Evan is we just finished filming with
him so he is working he's putting away
all his camera equipment Derek what are
you doing alright so it looks like I
offended someone not a news story not a
new thing that I do but no I think I
think there are some guys there are some
outliers on there like Aaron is a very
organized mofo like Aaron it is
impeccable organization so there you're
probably on the Aaron you're on the air
in clothes and then we have ran over
here sweeping all these little things
weird what are these things all he comes
from the mats they're my
you're not helping why are you so mean
do you have sex does anyone want to have
sex with Ren because I swear to God
every time I'm around her like she just
becomes so feisty one
it's either sexual attention between us
or she just needs to get laid in general
but she's really a nice person like
she's really sweet so if you ever meet
her in person she's not this much of an
asshole
I think it's just I think I think I
think I pull asshole a lot of people and
that's what it is I play myself I blame
myself so you're still gonna be me all
right ever see red just give her a hug
cuz she needs a lot of love in her life
and then we got daddy ant over here new
daddy yet I don't even know how he does
it because we're all running on fumes
these days with our new babies yeah do
you miss your baby right now by the way
I do really cuz Bart definitely mrs.
Tyco upper part is so focused on the
task at hand that he won't even he's
like I'll see him later are you like
that I am like that damn it I'm
literally like hello I can't do anything
I miss my boy I need to go home I think
it's like a biological thing like I feel
like I I'm not I'm not with my boy so
I'm like he misses me and I miss him
you guys were attached at one point so
frontally ass detached so it's okay yeah
yeah yeah I do
fine I feel you all right what do you do
I'm trying to get all these little dust
spots out I guess because when it was
storm in the warehouse you know they're
stacked Oh like all the edges yeah does
it really matter dope I love it I love
it
that's why that's why we have ant-man
because I keys
he makes everything like I'm like cool
it really looks dope and then Aryan and
aunt will be like alright well that's
super basic you phasic bitch and then
they're like let's make it exceptional
and I'm like yep that's why you're in
the position that you're at so they make
it look exceptional no you're not you're
the exceptional standards guy no you go
I don't want no scrub that lame alright
that was a fucking stupid I'm gonna shut
all right and then we got femi and Adi
movi here muscle in and out cutting no
you guys didn't cut this you guys built
the frame hell yeah
fuck yeah you guys built the match all
from scratch yeah yeah the mold yeah
what are these numbers mean oh eight
thousand nine hundred and seventy you
know you must have bought oh shit
yeah you guys did a great job I love how
black and clean everything is so this is
where we'll be hosting that that look
competition it's gonna be super fun
because it's gonna be head to fucking
head like I'm a very competitive person
so if I know that I'm going against
someone I'm not saying that I'm gonna
win but I know I'm gonna give it 110
percent more if I was only giving it
100% so this is gonna be really exciting
all the other years that we've been here
before me yes we've held a dedication
but it's only been with one person no we
did it's the second year we had a
head-to-head competition actually fuck
am I talking about dude mommy brain for
life but this is gonna be exciting
because now it's a designated area where
it's not shared with the rest of the
space that we've had in our booth so
here we go right here look at this it's
gonna be so sick I'm so excited
what
you just you just said it yourself he
just called it like a fob vaults are
really fashionable fashionable though
they're like then do it but I just don't
like it they're called out for the day's
you happens I mean what did we expect
someone's gonna walk up to you from like
the random streets and be like yo I love
your pants all right all right whatever
mom so yeah that's happening now and let
me see what else what else can I share
with you guys cuz I'm not doing shit and
that's horrible
and then I was doing shit I just
finished filming and the second shit
that I'm doing is I'm vlogging with you
guys I'm walking you guys through what
goes on at a day to day with the Fed
Expo stuff which is really cool so all
the inventory we actually had to store
it in two boxes by sizes obviously by
design we had to put them on pallets and
then after we put them on pellets we had
to shrink wrap everything and then we
had to get it shipped out here so I feel
kind of professional because the other
use that we were here was so ghetto guys
like we brought these boxes like this in
our truck and we tried to stack up as
many as possible it was ridiculous and
then we had to walk them and one by one
so slowly we're becoming more organized
and more legitimate and that makes me
very very excited but again
booth 8:35 it's gonna be fun I don't
know why I keep repeating this because
you guys are gonna see this a couple
days later but don't be mad at us guys
we do our best creating a lot of content
for you guys and putting it out as
quickly as we possibly can so bear with
us we appreciate you guys we love you
guys so much but I'm gonna cut it here
so that I can actually help my and on
this asshole holding on to a camera not
doing shit so yeah hope you guys like it
because uh it's exciting this is
exciting to see things
pelletize to see it all emptied to see
it you know in its raw form to see
everyone working sweating organizing I
think it's awesome look at that you
don't get to see that the day of the
expo this is some behind-the-scenes
stuff and it's cool I like it I'm very
fascinated with it so alright guys so
you get a little bit
just like that we're calling it a day
setting up
before the oh shit he's controlling it
from up there there's no one driving
bills with a driver
yeah there's nobody driving it
that's really good and I can't even
drive a car and this guy's doing this
from over there conducting it
we obviously don't get out and of the
recipe so it
now
Wow that's a beautiful booth good job
quest yeah but now we're gonna go run a
couple errands and I'm gonna to see my
pool of you so excited how many pieces
of pizza did you eat well like four or
five oh my god yeah that's fine he
always has the P P that's the story of
his life true I don't I drew it enough I
don't pay enough I can't remember the
last time I peed Lord for not peeing
once an hour you're not drinking enough
water that's me ever since I gave birth
to tai chi stop taking care of myself I
was so focused on taking care of him
that I like was on point with everything
the water the nutrition the vitamins all
of that but now that he's born I'm like
cool I'm taking care of him and then I
just don't take care of myself
fine good point yes where I am the live
richest kidding I'm home his fingertips
turning white good boy baby he doesn't
know how to do it does I think he's
pretty soon he's a pro he's a pro to do
it look at his little banana his grandma
bought this outfit from Taiwan for him
he's so cute he's holding it you know
what I'm sorry you don't want to be in
at art fine look at how she panics look
at her panicking look look she's
pretending like she's gonna fold the
blanket yeah I'm really busy good boy
you can grab your own bottle that's all
someone keeping a secret is not to tell
you everything would see can't keep a
secret from mama what are you doing
already hey I didn't see that guy in a
minute
cuz he's always wearing his little
onesies I don't really get to see his
toes or his belly button or those abs
let me see those abs are they yet worthy
yeah nice abs baby which is rosy cheeks
this is a cutie you bikini maybe cute
alright sorry I'm gonna stop but yeah it
feels nice to be home and it's not all
hustle and bustle and crazy and crates
and machines and people hanging stuff
and running up and down the aisles it's
nice it feels really nice but what
should I do for dinner
I'm really hungry but guys ate two
slices of pizza so I should balance a
really high fat meal with something
that's very low-fat so I'm thinking
sushi fish raw fish maybe no rice still
thinking about it
no I'm gonna keep you posted you know
Matai everything guess who has a really
cool toy that he can finally touch the
floor meatloaf just kidding he's
standing up like a kid if you kill it in
my dude oh my boy yay good job you look
awesome and every time you tell yeah go
for it go for it take it away boy good
boy you killed it there you go good boy
and then as little sounds every time he
touches it let see
boi-oi-oi-oi-oing Wow
that is so cool I think like two months
ago his little feet could not touch it
and then his mouth was stuck I don't
even know what I was gonna say cuz it
looks so cute
good boy my dude good boy oh my god I
could leave the camera on him like all
day okay I got my stop I would enjoy
stop it Hey Oh snaps that may be really
hot it hasn't the good way I have to
show you guys something pretty funny
so um there's been a couple instances
where I have or we have left the dogs
here and run a couple errands maybe like
an hour to we come back and this remote
in particular has been chewed up
so this is our cable remote and it's
pretty funny because right now there's
is like campaign about spectrum TV maybe
and then they're talking about but
there's still some people that like
cable TV and they also like and then it
exactly situations like also like
sitting in gum they like their seat
getting kicked and it's like a guy
getting kicked by a kid in an airplane
seat behind him anyway I just made me
think of that but yes we're those people
we like cable so I have a cable box in
the living room in our bedroom and then
in our guest bedroom so this gentleman
meatloaf excuse me a meatloaf pardon me
meatloaf there you are
yep that guy he gets bored and he loves
these remotes and he chews them up so
we've already lost one two three of them
recently was four so this is the this is
a remote control that belongs to our
bedroom
wait one two three four there's four we
have four box because there's one in
take his room to this fool shoot up
maybe four already or five I think I
already said four anyway point being he
loves chewing this shit
this one he just recently chewed the one
that was down here so we got this one
from our personal bedroom so I said fuck
that mister meatloaf screw you I'm gonna
win you know why I'm gonna win me though
do you know why I'm gonna win cuz look I
bought four more you ain't gonna win
buddy you ain't gonna win even though he
is winning because I had to buy four
more he's kicking my ass guys and and I
know I know better
like I know better I should be hiding
these remotes right like it just shows
you how much of a freaking moron I am
that I still keep leaving these stupid
remote controls lying around from the
chew on we're just so hard like I just
want to leave and I want to think I have
to think about tight gutters yep enough
diapers does he have enough formula does
he have enough clothes and gives his
shits himself to have my keys where's my
wallet I want to make sure my ID too
many things going on I'm gonna think
about freaking remote-controlled chew
toy so I said screw it if you choose it
again it's alright I got four or is
ridiculous right fun I think that
commercial should be about me keep
smelling the sorry if you heard this
sniffing that's fun being nosy
yeah those commercials they're about me
if it if I see a pop-up I'm gonna I'm
gonna record a few guys to watch it but
yeah this is my life now
for remote controls off of Amazon with
batteries tag come up in other news Oh
Popeye just put Tiger to sleep this was
empty for like the longest time but pop
already delivered the goods
oh speaking of the goods eh
look at this handsome guy oh yeah though
the handsome guy emerges the how that's
all you say you're eating really bad
yeah let me see your stomach flex yeah
liar
you're lying promise there it is
we just have a freaking six-pack get out
of my face oh my god yeah I don't care
you still look good I'd still make Tiger
number two later after the fog after the
comeback fight twit points outwards
point down boy down all right well on
that really happy note uh my highlight
for today has to hands-down be tyka on
that thing that was seriously the cutest
thing ever
like I recorded it for you guys I
recorded it on my phone I sent it to
Bart cuz he was upstairs and I'm just
lazy so he watched it and I could hear
that I could hear the sound of him
jumping in all these little all the
little bells and whistles that are on
there and he comes out they'll get me
and then I sent it to my sister and then
I sent it to our friend Evan who
actually bought that for him off our
registry so you know that was Mahalo
light but another highlight is I get to
share with you guys and you guys give me
nothing positive feedback um I've been
having sleepless nights why I don't know
but um when I have a sleepless night I
tend to be on my phone at night and I
hate doing this but I did it I hate
reading comments and I'm not gonna lie
like I just don't do it I don't read it
cuz the internet so mean or the
Internet's just really dumb um so it was
one of those like curiosity time
so I checked out a couple comments on
our personal channel you guys and I was
so pleasantly surprised at how much love
and support you guys give us like kids
are complimenting me on my Korean you're
like how does she know Korean I'm like
I've been saying I've been knowing
Korean coz I took a Korean and coal
Lodge and then you guys were
complimenting me on my cooking
thank you yeah oh and someone was like
why is she cooking Korean food she's
Mexican and he's Chinese coz Korean food
is easy to make at least those dishes
they were pretty damn easy
yeah and I mean I mean I just love
that's like my favorite food so I'm
gonna make my favorite food and when I
was were you guys saying guys were very
positive with the cooking
you guys are so positive with bar being
really cutie with me he's very very cute
he's very positive um that's just you
know he's got the moon shaped I like
smile eyes is just the cuny guy and yeah
you guys were complimenting my son which
is I think is like ah warms my heart to
the core like you guys have no idea or
you know you guys know you guys know I'm
obsessed with this boy so the fact that
you guys love them as much as I love
them oh man makes me love y'all and yeah
I just put a bunch of positive stuff so
I wanna say thank you guys I thrive off
of positivity and when I feel super
positive I pay that positivity forward
so as much as you guys say ojio bar JK
films bar Papa gave you guys changed my
life in a positive way um I want to tell
all of you guys that you guys changed my
life in a positive way because I have
down days too you know what I mean like
I'm just as normal an average as a like
everyone else like there's nothing very
unique or special about me everyone um
possesses the same qualities I do if not
better and you guys say that you know
you're inspired by me but you guys I'm
inspired by you guys and anytime you
guys say something super positive or see
a negative situation and then and then
respond positively that gives me a
different perspective and it's literally
a paradigm shift in how I think and then
I then apply that to my life and then
I'm paying it forward and and being
positive to someone else you know so man
this keeps spread spreading positivity
you know let's keep that up I liked it I
like that shit but yeah I was supposed
to I was supposed to sign off like maybe
before this whole rant but I just got
inspired okay I'm sorry but yeah guys
thank you so so so much for watching my
day today I had a lot of fun being so
open and close to y'all account wait to
do it again okay thank you boo good
night
