my bigger alarm has been going off this
whole time Keamy you gotta get out and I
go to gym
fuck your dancing bed mama
got a go Kimmy what is enjoying on mob
have to wake up what the other end up
upside down I'll bet you're over here
what the Rob we gotta get us we can
speak breath just kidding yeah probably
not
you little go for it disappeared again
we get up guys go Jim
hey yay yay finally
the monster is awake where you going now
my bad close it Jim
god damn it my bear
get out of there to go to the gym
running late
my bear probably too quick down there
I'm super fucking epic I go to gym gotta
go to the gym are there mob hit
we gotta go ahead Jay freaking crazy
no you're not no you're not let me give
you the ice water challenge
stop it
be a pitcher nipples why are you so mean
I'm not I'm not look at you don't beg
for it he's kind of tall so vengeful
wake up mama ever since mob bears been
pregnant this has been our morning
routine I go to quench and I get my bear
a smoothie and then she goes to
Starbucks we could save time to chef's
snacks because she gets hungry every two
hours which awesome about clenched our
jacket you know what's awesome about
crunch is I've gone a lot of like
organic drinks right or juicer either by
different places and I've yet to see a
business that has super duper fresh
produce and fruit super duper super
duper so I'm saying it's super duper
because at quench you get to stay
display all of their vegetables and all
of their fruit and it just looks so
pretty so pristine so clean and
especially very very fresh so as you may
place your order for example this one's
on acai okay and kale acai and kale and
you see in it like like in though as
your place in order it gives you the
description of what's in there and you
see them hand picking everything and
then putting it in there and making it
right in front of you so it makes my
heart feel so good that I'm giving my
baby very clean and healthy condition
yeah the fruits and veggies they're very
picturesque it almost looks like the
fruits in Japan unlike those of the
Chinese super macho is black on one side
molding on the other side every fruit
looks hand-picked so we're going to give
this guy the best just our girl I don't
know what our girl or animal yeah but
because I also have to eat every two
hours I am made my little pit stop at
Starbucks because we're gonna be good in
there I don't know we're gonna be unique
oh my god are you kidding me you
freaking got this mom baking I'm on a
diet
Oh
you had sushi last night and I can't
have raw stuff or specifically raw fish
once the mercury - just because they
have a lot of like bacteria and just
different diseases that to make me sick
me and my baby sick so because of that I
can't have anything wrong what if I your
sushi ah I'm not evening so you probably
mention longer before you my sushi but
it's still raw is it wrong
see on my back
beyond just back
see you out there today 25 on my front
keeping you're gonna get it
I think for sure it's going to go up I'm
not sure how like was going to go so
many factors well Oh what in the world
dude that is so messed up
I'll come out so much confidence I
didn't get 534 that's a lot of weight to
squat there's a a month ago I hit 565
and without a peak and a peak is
basically like taking how much muscle
and like strength that you built up and
actually figuring out what you're
wondering axes why are you pretending
like a no you're talking about I learned
from you
I guess mine you didn't write about them
and then I ate dinner which I write
there and then uh I had 565 that was
about a peak and that's what we was
thinking all the numbers I did before
that I hit before the 555 we're going up
way faster so I know this was going to
go up easier I did his 555 last week so
we'll see how 585 left is a 600 that's
the number of workforce that's the
number 950 about
oh that's next week right that's nicely
yeah do you think he's gonna hit it
Charl Mickey yeah I think if I fought so
if I played for sure he didn't fight any
five but that 600 I don't know
but today I'm here 185 reverse bench one
day no they're killing it do 185 Wow
that's the same thing same thing as real
to Glock settings like while you're
doing it I'm doing it because I just
went to ham on my jello over 225 old
shares a lot right so that's why I
haven't presented them with chew hammer
throw five bags uh maybe you got higher
something like all plantain somewhere
and if you might in fact um what do you
have today where you for them what's on
the paper I keep telling it's on the
paper 185 roots birth bed yeah damn it
okay what what are you doing
let me see the stuff no why is he
putting it on us what are you doing what
are you doing what the heck why are you
stepping on his quad I'm looking at a
mirror
hey hey I'll come me stepping on your
quads Evan give you sorrow this I'll
fuck why don't you step on them right
here this is where it needs it hey hey
what the hey hey no sexual harassment in
the workplace dude oh okay then everyone
take a chance
the
Wow
hi
Oh
Oh
Oh
I feel net possibly five felt pretty
good I'm pretty excited 2x and X will
you end enough let's go party domestic
money to drink three hundred next week
are some bugs
Roger every customer
you got there
mother what are you gonna eat for lunch
no idea at all are you gonna order food
yeah
what side is this it is poke me mm-hmm
have like a lot more varieties than like
eat 24 and from what the brothers did
plugging up a lot if you work for grub
hugging you tell them I'm about to stop
using kruglova Kisuke business hello um
how does cold weather today so soup and
my body is so weird it doesn't even know
what once I've been trying to order King
Taco but they won't like deliver here
for some reason because there's only one
like 2 miles away I be honest I think
King Taco is honestly the stupidest
place in the world its cafeteria style
food like Chipotle like you've got you
tell them what you want that's how their
workflow is but I don't know why it
takes you wait it takes way longer than
Chipotle Chipotle in under five minutes
can you tacos the same thing pre-made
ingredients and it takes them like 30
minutes to make a burrito Wow so of
course you're not gonna deliver I just
fall Belgian waffles and I went all but
if you want
you know the stuff renaming has nothing
to do with the weather like it's so cold
today I just need a Belgian waffle you
may be an eater I'm not a hitter oh you
hate me now you get me a Mexican what
the hell I love Mexicans why do you
think I married one should you get
medium well what you have to don't you
but you're happy
well I'll get me the welcome good
meeting well it just has to be cooked
thoroughly yeah for the little baby okay
so I'm gonna get a truck burner this is
regular it's pretty straightforward okay
mmm our panel it comes with a secret
sauce is that what you're feeling for I
know a burger yes plane I feel like I
can break down all the ingredients
against really plain plain Jane you want
to be no I got my meal right here
because I know I'm on a stupid diet any
other way hot I know that's at all my
yeah so I got my stupid meal here and
can you help me got stuck in my back oh
you know I love about Lululemon every
time you buy something they give you a
little bag to take home Jun you could
reuse it shit it's a just chicken and
broccoli
but it's by the homie rocky bang bang
and meal and look at some macros on here
70 grams of protein little baby I don't
know how many times you not either thing
but I'm gonna take this and are you
kidding me I'm getting out of here I
can't be talking to you so I got this
meal and one thing that I love eating
with this meal and it makes it taste
really really good is the whole nice
Aero his mom make some bomb-ass organic
kimchi and we call it the natty kimchi
because there's no MSG no crazy stuff in
there but it still tastes really good
and it's homemade so I usually put this
guy in here two minutes
BAM and then I go and spitting the wall
what will happen to a wall
the paper child instead the keys falling
because this concrete is pretty not that
stable is it drywall or Devon concrete
and why they can't stay in that they
didn't drill a hole deep enough so I
could get a drill bit which made you
feel yeah you're the handyman trying to
do what I can so we got up just as in
the way we got paper towel someone bus
is here but this outside is skimpy right
here so abs on the phone can't disturb
them but this kinky right here pinned up
walking shit this is the stuff that
sells mom made and he gave me a whole
big jar and look it's down to like the
bottom so I eat that and I think the
chicken is that going to be my lunch and
I gotta brush because we got a meeting
all right well the JK's insides are all
putting in some really hard creative
work trying to make the clothes look
beautiful
what did we just add we just added that
beware of dog sign hey it looks awesome
this is great I think this looks awesome
although the mulch there you go looks
like a little house and then we act just
vine tomatoes being I don't even know
what this is but up close it looks fake
it's luck
look at that super fake but from far
away so beauty Wow looks cool yeah you
tried to make me fuck the oh yeah we'll
get that fixed we'll get that fixed and
then look at look at our look at our
door sign oh so dope for the floor mat I
don't know what do you call this doormat
god it's been a long day well look
because that's all the dogs say what's
up they smell each other's butt and then
we put six to six as he addressed
because you know the fellas are from the
six to six the NPK and then byron aha
Byron so he spent like I think a couple
hours trying to make the vines look cool
on this house because in film you want
to have so much white because it just
looks dead you see how this white it
just looks so plain in real life it
looks really nice in real life it looks
good well camera not so much because of
that we were trying to remedy the
situation by adding some vines and it
just it just looked like a spotted house
that's what it looks like right now
spotted house the best part and then as
genius idea we have we have a little
bird nest that I tried to tilt up for
the sake of a camera angle but it looks
good on camera but it looks weird in
person I'm show you again see that you
can see the little eggs
and then over here we got the bird
feeder for the birds with no food in
there whatsoever but on camera it looks
good let's just pull back BAM you look
like real birds and this stupid flag is
so big I fucked up and I ordered a
really big flag cuz I thought it would
look better on the house no nowhere to
put it
how about to put it and I got a bike
look at that bike look at that bike what
a good-looking bike it's a prop no one's
really going to use the bike is to fill
up the spice so it looks like people
actually live here so that's how we got
it oh and then we got some garden knows
where I'm not sure I'm going to put them
you don't quite have a garden but this
one of course because I love Game of
Thrones so I had to get the game of
gnome and look at a little chair it's
got all these gardening tools look at
that so creative and then we got like as
Godzilla eating the gnomes but that was
kind of cute well kind of morbid when
you really think about it but it's kind
of cute what else we got
we also got a big-ass mess oh you have
to weigh the boxes damn you're fast
you're Feist why did you shoot why did
you tuna brown eggs not the white egg Oh
cuz I'm brown and I'm proud I didn't
even realize I didn't even realize there
were different eggs oh yeah maybe cuz it
appears more on camera oh yeah you get
to you better I fuckin love these
blankets these fucking soft and olzhas
fucking soft as blankets oh do have a
king size 1 edition doing full/queen
nope full/queen king
ah for 2 bucks I'm getting it this thing
is hella soft
I don't care mob recess mob there why
are you my bear ma Bear mama bear
why are you I hear you are in the top
section look what I got
look I knew it this is a king-size
blankie look how frickin free to squeeze
it
oh yeah really soft but I felt softer so
softer but like I'm kind of thing that's
like a real life bear mama cute little
bit there ear right here you buy it
hmm and you yeah i'ma get it what's
funny what before we came in here you
said all right to your game plan is can
we get in and out in 30 minutes and I
was like yeah yeah because I know how
much you like to buy something you don't
need the status is that I didn't sit up
we need this so I mentioned with my bear
cuz I'm helping her shop for JK party
props and before I forget we're getting
some ridiculous sharing 18 towels or
something yeah well just start grabbing
the whole stuff when you move it so slow
I don't know that you're gonna tell me
to talk something no no no meters grab 5
6 7 it ain't got to get 7 tactic in
context 5 6 you can to say 5 6 7 8 and
not dance go 5 6 7 8 dance mummy dancin
oh god I can't help it you don't it just
went crazy I was eating this chicken
I had a shit to my garlic and I can't
taste the garlic that's how fucked up my
whole body is right now this baby is no
joke how gross
why are you getting emergency in my bear
so tomorrow we're going to do a really
crazy challenge that involves ice water
and people hitting in and out of ice
water so I'm trying to take
precautionary measures and I don't want
anyone ending up six because of the in
and outs of cold water room temperature
stuff on that I'm just going to have
everyone take a lot of vitamin C if they
can avoid getting pitted
you're so motherly get it motherly huh
would you say what I say what would you
say that I don't know I would say that
your milk I got that from you you helped
me a milk other day and I was like is
the new title hey a little milk oh is
that another tonin I think I might need
it easy oh I'm getting this sickening
$17 a solid morning paid $40 for
shipping for this stupid flat screen
that you wanted I know but that thing
was so cool
maybe I do need this also helped me with
my deeper sleep because these days
sometimes I am I hate it when have to
wake up to pee in the middle of the
night you get that bit yes I'm pregnant
single night now isn't it ruin our sleep
it's stuck
what are some of this I can't have that
how do you know there's no coolant I
don't know can I have that I don't know
if I'm gonna take it because I get up in
the middle night to pee and I'm tired of
it any get my breath what I stopped
what's the next one Melissa normal skin
off hand bandaged go mesopotamian a
Mina bandages you are so motherly once
again what's wrong are you falling
asleep I'm exhausted
let's go let's go let's go finally made
it home today do you know what time it
is um it is like 9:00 something no it's
like 10:00 what how does it 10:30 10:30
we had a crazy workday I had a bunch of
meeting my bear was planning and
designing the set and to get some stuff
for Jake a party but I'm so excited to
shoot Jake your party tomorrow because
it's crazy challenge and I think it's
going to be an amazing amazing videos I
can't wait to show you guys on the jakey
party channel but we're exhausted so I
think we're gonna go to sleep and I'm
not going to say he does I'm exhausted
Wow look at that beautiful city good
night LA
