hey guys hello so we have some really
huge news to share with you guys
hmm so I just come out and say it or
should I give some more details should
we let them guess and let in the comment
yeah what is here
here's your chance yes guess what is
right in the comments yeah they're
getting Rory they're gonna go hide yeah
they're gonna get a horse oh hey hey
okay done guessing yeah okay ready yeah
1 2 3 hyah
Bazin ha ha what do you see we already
made the base I know but it's still
cooking in the oven so in my head is
still being me but in mine I had such a
great time hey hey I'm making a baby by
having a baby is cooking yeah exactly
you got to make something for Christmas
by yeah yeah yeah well you get the gist
Bart and I are going to be real-life
small bears and pauses and this happened
on accident it wasn't one of those like
oh shit what are we going to do that
eight years we've been together we were
irresponsible finally finally no this is
some planning that went into an if
you've been following this per minute
and you've been hearing it every single
year for the past three years thing okay
this you're going to baby uh committee
team calendar next year we're gonna have
a baby
district um big and I finally said and
popular finally agreed that this was a
year that we were going to make a baby
and I think at the end of 2016 we were
like kind of sneaking it out into public
to telling our friends telling you guys
twenty seventeen twenty it's gonna
happen 2017 and before we knew it it
just like happened just like that so
this is fresh off the press we don't
know if it happened in Europe we don't
know if it happened before you but momma
bear just literally missed her period
again so we're like oh and she peed on
two six just to make sure so we're
really really excited to share the rest
of our baby Bell has been making journey
with you guys
yes I'm so excited to to just bring you
guys along with this whole journey I
never had a kid before aren't around
I've never been close to anyone that had
had a baby before like a real kid know
me do we have pissed well no I mean like
I have a baby out of a real killer skin
oh they have skin but just you take it
fine yeah so I'm learning at the same
time that you guys will be watching me
learning so it's going to need a very
interesting journey and I'm so excited
and I'm so happy to be sharing with you
guys and I know that you guys are going
to be nothing but happy with us because
we read the comments on you know our
Facebook on the Instagram on all the
videos even jkjk videos are you guys are
like right they're gonna know this big
rapper baby more like no we just have a
black friend look at every random
picture we're just holding each other a
hug in each other and don't oh my god
our hands on her stomach I am certain
that when a baby really yeah I
understand that one or if I just take a
bad picture and the angles kind of a
little bit off and it was looming chubby
they're like she's getting baby weight
so didn't else at the speculation we're
going to come out all right and just
tell you guys the truth
yes we're confirming it a hundred
percent Bart and I are gonna have a baby
a baby bill and this journey is going to
be so cool we're going to share
everything with you and our first step
is we got to make sure we get a
professional confirmation because right
now just still sticks that you buy at
like a drugstore
so the first step is to get a
professional medical confirmation and
we'll go from this yes
so right now I am at an ob/gyn to
confirm that I am in fact gonna have a
baby so I miss my period back in
December
I've never made and I was late so I'm
like holy crap um what the hell's going
on and now we're in January and I'm like
okay well still haven't had my period I
think I should get it checked so they
just put blood works and you guys saw
and by tomorrow they'll confirm if I am
in fact pregnant or not right now I'm
just waiting to on meet with a nurse so
if I have any questions on I guess in
the prepping and waiting you can find us
a present no I just asked if there we
have a date
Hospital just called the rest the boys
message and in this voice message
it's a confirm or deny that we're
pregnant okay
I'm gonna I'm gonna listen to it now
okay here we go
I can't wanna die a natural causes
health so congratulations your presence
and educator oh my god you're gonna be a
mommy little girl you Baba if you're
given it's gonna be a real mama you got
a bunch of little teeny bit like oh yeah
yeah just one at a time I forgot I
forgot you're not a man or you're a
mammal oh my goodness this is so cool we
get it to our friends
