take a hello so the band's anniversary
of eight whole CUNY years just passed
last month and I thought that it'd be a
super Tunney idea if we took the band
down memory lane and we spent
reminiscing about a lot of our first
encounters when we were first dating and
see how well we remember them yeah and
we thought this opportunity to share
with you guys because how often do we
get to think about the past and see how
to you or I see how much we gross it or
how we tell that some things have gotten
or how great some things about it
alright so without further ado we picked
five questions you can't beat rigorous
test each other Allen so we're gonna see
how all we did this right Nikki yep
question number one and a Judas myself
if you were wondering describe your
spouse on your first date you go first
way to me if you missed a little politic
Julie I didn't miss enough foot describe
your Wow okay on your right here
Thursday and I'm hungry yeah um our
first date our first date I can't
so I'm memory Queen for those of you
guys that already know and for those of
you that don't know my memory stuff so
um I don't quite remember our first date
I think it's an unofficial date cuz so
long story short we didn't like each
other we were friends and then we went
out two notes nowhere trip we got stuck
and we were forced to bond and then when
we bought I realized whoa I'm thinking
about my best friend a lot so we went on
a second snowboarding trip and I
considered that the unofficial first
date even though we were on the same
page No so uh so based off of that I'm
gonna say that that was our first date
and I knew you kind of liked me so I
embassy was super nerd
okay yeah could you just didn't I didn't
feel if you hadn't gank
um you did make a slight first move and
I remember you were driving were driving
back home we were driving back home and
we had gotten in and out and I think he
wanted fries or something so I went to
give him a fries I felt bad he was
driving a stick shift at the time and
says we don't know you like have to like
move things real nice picture yes you're
holding sir with your left hand and
you're like moving into shit
so I'll like I'm gonna feel bad if I eat
without him cuz I like him but then I
was like alright here you go
friend Burt picked it and then who is
this like but that was as far as it
moves wet but other than that injuries
super nervous kind of shy kind of quiet
LT is my middle name
well any one time politics is just that
little last bit of spice to make the
dish pop let Endora over spices okay
fine fine what was yours about mom I
agree I think our unofficial four years
yeah yeah our unofficial first date was
the second snowboarding trip because I
think even though we didn't formalize
how we you know we never talked about it
is look we didn't verbalize how he felt
but I think we the bill was definitely
like butterflies in the air you know
there's like this and there was so that
more resistance like the kingdom afraid
yeah so it's like kind of like it was
weird cuz you're crossing over from
friend territory over - romantic
territory so it's that kind of like
double dutch part and I think um if I
were to say in one word what describes
you I didn't have to do one life I think
it was um shy me yeah but I think it was
shy because I can sense you're trying to
hold back your true feelings and you
weren't being vulnerable but you weren't
like you know what I kind of like you it
was yeah it was exactly I don't know if
your your your true feelings your
shyness was being covered
by this over-confidence Klaus on a
t-table snowboard and then we were like
going and every time I try to teach her
and I'll try to help her out it's tough
she would like be like oh yeah I just
found it I got it
this is like and she's like what I would
react with you so dumb and then I
remember as we bought the ski lift
you're like hey you're very nice at
teaching me a little bit tumble yeah
yeah I'm just like we're like all that
flirty Hey yeah again um see you down
the slope
oh okay obviously she likes me don't be
guilty you did you saw that yeah yeah so
because of that I was like I if if she's
really shy she's covering it up and then
the type of game that I need to play I
need to make her want to want me more so
I tested that with the French fries I
was like imma bite it and see how she
reacts so I went like this and she
didn't like just put in my hand or drop
it or anything like she met me even more
like oh here's the deal nice friend bill
you valley to seal the deal day uh I
think that was one big confirmation well
you know I kind of feel you have
chemistry with someone I definitely felt
like that confirm one of them well
that's good to know
you can add the rightful to the energy
and other stuff alright question number
two so we're done with this guy
Krista all right I want to read this one
okay my spouse's first kiss made me
think oh and I look all nice and firm
his feet
so the first kiss I want and then before
she wrote me I mean she always wish you
always does she made the first move and
I remember I came over to watch a movie
or something mmm and somehow we ended up
in bed and not like freaky and berries I
think we just want to be holding each
other
yeah well move back a little bit before
it sounds out
I was living with roommates at the time
and we were in the living room trying to
watch movie and I didn't want to hold
that whole earring hostage because then
you know let me know when homies are
trying to like what's that homey know
when you're trying to hook up and I said
it wrong we won't try to look like
you're trying to get to know someone
that's type of lookup so I didn't want
them to walk into this room where we're
all flirty and then be like Austin and
wish is going to our room well quizzical
and make it awkward so that's the reason
why I'm the house I was the living room
with in the center of the house gasps so
someone was thirsty in the middle of the
night hassle we have to go through the
living room to the kitchen yet so if we
just didn't want to my cold how hostage
like j.lo sakes so we went over to her
room and we were just you know like kind
of laying there and what we were we with
all that clothes on all the clothes on
and we just kind of want to be flirty
you know like the kind of the first
grade butterflies type of thing
and I remember I think our heads are
just close to each other and late it
gives each other and I think we both
felt the urge to kiss each other but I
think for me was it so weird that we
were friends I'm still bouncing back and
forth between friends and romance sex it
will talk for me to make the first move
but mob bear eager mob bear right here
she started kissing me like here and
then all that oh we're going to kiss me
on the cheek that's fine and then it
moved over here he didn't move and I'm
like oh shit I know what this is going
good is the closest distance between two
points is a line and then a third one
good street oh my all shit so as though
she kissed the corner of my mouth what I
thought it made me think what a sly son
of a bitch ah one and number two once
again I think it reinforces the shyness
interest because instead of this going
head-on she was afraid of rejection so
when you kiss the side mouth it's hard
to reject that yeah but you get the fuck
off me we can do that this front side
they should kiss the place what could
say for
and she does have to face rejection but
it was a lie son of a bitch last bit of
it um so for me it's the exact same
scenario we're in bed and so I'm doing
my little my little little one to BAM
kisses anymore like was it be provided
Elliot I said fine what did you intend
Cajun and then once I kid him
I like oh yes I'm pissing my crush right
that's that's that's half of my first
thought and then immediately after a
horse pop I'm kissing part about Sarah
weird
that was so weird cause prior to us
kissing we were friends for three years
and we did friends on each other we
weren't like we were never really
interested in each other I was with
someone he was dating and we just
thought easy other personal design so I
remember that crossover moment when I'm
like yes my crush I finally got my crush
so you guys can all relate to that like
when you finally get the person that you
want in your life yes and inside you
like doing this whole move but then
immediately I'm like bullshit this is my
friend Barth the fact that I thought was
annoying this is weird but it feels so
good but it's so weird it was like this
weird like internal battle that was
going on with like yes yes oh my face
well what did it make you think if
anything yes Bart no it went yes
what the fuck up using horses so you are
conflicted yeah definitely complete
question number three when and where did
you first kiss like if you answer that
well I think you've got the facts wrong
a little bit because we were watching a
movie and wasn't in my room at that time
I didn't have a TV we were we this whole
thing happened in the living room this
it happen what happened in the bed the
deeper can happen in the bed Oh
different kids but the pekka ruski yeah
happened in the living room bullshit
with all the life of so we had
finish with it No so it wasn't snow
morning on no weekend I came over yes
because we had already been text
flirting for a long time but it wasn't
like an official flirting texting it was
just like barn gos homies kept talking a
lot yeah and then I remember I texted in
specifically oh no but um please days
ago here the shyness being covered by
the overconfidence yeah I know but I
just can't stop thinking about you and
then don't you dare do anything you're
like I don't know but is it weird oh
yeah that you keep running around my
mind yeah you can just say hey you know
what I think I have feelings for you
without upfront I'll punch it yes and
cover it up with it's a weird yeah but
it's working on my mind because that way
if I reject I go oh yeah that is that is
really didn't you see well well okay
fine you get you got in there but I
remember sending you that technology to
be participative and then you reply
within minutes he replied and he said no
it's not because I did in the same thing
or something although I wish I had video
of me cuz um back in this date this is
what me and Joel first are just getting
some way back then I was just me and you
okay yeah just me and Joe and it was on
winter break and hence the snowboarding
and I was sleeping over at Joe's plates
for two weeks because we're going to
just bang out a bunch of skit and I
think this was earlier in the morning
cuz she worked a nine-to-five Joe is
still sleeping so in the morning what
I'm trying to do is I was shipping out
the merch so I remember I was folding
like the nigga shit shirt and then I was
like putting on the side of getting
ready to ship out merch she texts me and
I look at my little of what was it like
a little Palm Pilot yeah like an
old-school asphalt I look at it and I
was like oh
hmm yeah you've been running around my
mind I wanted to scream buy a lot of my
skill of it so then so statics that text
exchange happened I'm like alright well
now we've officially crossed out of the
friendzone or is each other's friendzone
so now i sentence the follow-up for I'm
like all right this is getting out of
hand we can sort this out so can you
come over to my place around six or
seven or whenever I out port that we
could talk about it and then he came
over and we talked about it and um
that's one oh and then I think we we had
our conversation we realized we like
each other and then you're like that
what are we dating over like this is so
cute but it's still awkward it's more
like walk do you want to just watch a
movie and then so this is one of the
things that stuff's about living in
downtown we're trying to shoot a video
and be all cutie with each other and
this is crazy
firefighters police something's going on
yeah well ignore then I'll add to the
story yes all the lights were off and we
weren't doing anything crazy we're just
leveled up and then it was like hey
Dennis pennis but hey alright so for
question okay what color did your spouse
wear on your first big how about you do
with my fashion you go for shit wait
wait wait wait wait a minute we're but I
work for the LA probably closer um my
stuff
so our first day so it's going to be our
unofficial date right uh you are wearing
never match you were wearing to come on
oh look at this fight look at this
blueness habanero this sounds an
apartment alright so so correct me if
I'm wrong but you wore some sweats
oh yeah you working foot and then over
this way you wore some I think the
military print oh yeah ken it's my
digital gore-tex
yes you or that and then you were
already Nazis
I can't quite remember that Jackie but I
want to taste that green run with the
fur lining
I could not dead wrong I can't get out a
second of you this time
go ahead fun was it the platform where
it's the happiest it's a black one it's
the black one with all the little white
dots on it mm-hmm oh yeah don't think I
ever done you ain't hurt yeah go on it
when we first started Jake Amy and Joe
are sponsored by a lot of clothing
companies one of them being triumvir and
I really like this jacket by then and it
was like this canvas jacket so wasn't
even really waterproof I never really
felt I only needed to be just need to
block women keep me warm so I wore the
digital vortex and then because a little
black specks in it I have two black
uh-huh you know I mean to match little
black that's it all it looks kind of
funny cuz lucky know if you read
military court a group and then that
polka-dotted camel is hello hello hello
kitty hello is from the new news hello
okay anyway what was I wearing then
mister only exactly what I was wearing
honestly I don't remember I know I know
you're right underneath though it was it
so I agree we're blossom
oh I know you're gonna same way we would
like that did you know what kind of pen
ruff little bit no was it white yeah
what's your next color no no that's why
I was like is it one of the other one
what final answer hi babe rental person
what was that right underneath oh but
little cuz you had a jacket over the
colors
but I did pay attention when she took
off the jacket and we're driving home I
like this version and I should wear the
thermal yeah and I liked it it was one
of those thermals I thought you not the
rat-faced yes it was really form-fitted
I was like girl you look good today
even though and I was driving affected
so when I was driving I still remember
kind of you're talking in between the
the friend and eyelashes from like damn
girl and then I'd be like oh we're not
kind of shit yeah so here's you but then
I remember like - looks good
so I remember was underneath I remember
- just to let you know I was wearing a
red gap puff jacket oh we remember this
jacket because I loved it can be sold
warm it was like a pillow and I liked
that I should like to meet my head on it
I remember them it is very soft and
cushiony but I lost this Jackie and I
don't remember whether he liked it I
think someone stole it for me she
thought things over that I don't know
how can you freak how can you lose a red
balloon to go to Gold you're hugging
your closet just just one jacket I don't
know how I got information on and you
know me when how often joined this place
order soon your little I only need a
polyhedron they probably thought it was
there in spite of having other this but
one when is placing I don't work River
thanks alright this is your last and
final question how did you meet your
spell you go first the point yes
so I met what we could be the same story
oh it's hopefully it's the same story um
so how about this it's probably it's
going to be the same story if not it's
okay but what was your first impression
oh uh uh
the first impression so this is before
we even spoke yes
so I worked at this bookstore that was
/a a cafe juice bar
and on peak or in the beginning of each
semester we would be creating these
packs with selling book sales right and
then once it semester started everyone
happy folks going to swap books anymore
and I would just sit there and I would
just feel couple Angela notes that like
really big windows on instead of a wall
and I can see those parking lot that was
our front and this bookstore located
literally across the street from the
community college that he attended East
LA Community College yes so then I was
on the counter and I never had anything
to do when it was off season for books
oh so I was just sit there and I was
just kind of what I didn't have some
work to do is flip out the windows see
everyone that's walking by to their cars
or part of their crime I'm walking to
campus I remember seeing this guy all
the time
the first time I saw him I was like wow
um this guy was very comfortable because
he would wear go to the abyss shirt
which is probably like a spider - bigger
than what he normally would and then he
was going to basketball shorts all of
her arm he had a military backpack that
was like four times bigger than his body
he had a whole bunch of bullshit but no
is small it looks huge if you look it
was really big um from was that
expanding now find a stretched it out
and then he had these high tube socks or
like quarters corner the way up and but
they were wow do you owe a lot of life
issues yeah I guess I was never know him
um and then it stopped I mean it is also
blended with memories of me after
knowing you okay sure okay anyway tell
me what your shyness so he thought
sodium socks uh you were you were
supposed to be black but he's had them
for so long but they were great I put
black socks on a map well they're great
fun yeah but I thought black all of you
motherfuckers I wear black socks I
profession on the map over 15 years ago
all right well I suppose the videos
about alright we can have a posting
video later but uh so and then you wore
your Nike Air Max the camera we'll call
it a work I just have a bad I've been
rocking chair
I finally and and you had your military
haircut with nothing in it ever like
it's like flat it was ready to be a joke
all right welcome women run it was I
remember he would walk live and he was I
think the straightest posture I've ever
seen in my life
now this like Dan this push is really
good found it perfect
yeah that wasn't anything of you I don't
know
like I I just did the botched early on
though no I didn't I just saw you I was
like oh then look he looks like a very
studious Asian I really like my student
vision uh no you just look like you you
had a pat and now you're trying to
change your life around that's what you
look like
there's a lot of those in the community
college yeah yeah yeah that's what you
look like your son um Calvin speaking of
I felt a story my perspective I used to
go to sex mania all the time because
text me is one of if you don't buy books
from the bookstore at LS then you buy
books off campus and text mania that I
think it's because of the Asian order
the only time like a five percent like
I'm love I got a lot more used books
which are cheaper which I love you about
to go to college okay then use books and
they always have like five percent
undercutting the main school deal so we
would always go there and not to mention
there was a very pretty
worker that work there pretty very hot
water they Rebecca uh yeah we can
so you still work there that would
attract those customers uh excuse me
nasty is earlier so Rebecca not only
what I know is you know the board right
so um I will give my books all the time
and I remember the first time that I
went in there I usually try to dress
nice on the first couple days of school
right just in case your honey's in this
oh okay so I remember I wore something
nice it was like a Google sweater or
something
oh yes muscle I do not remember now what
I felt jeans Reverend and I had like the
brown and tan air masses this is back of
brown and people used to wear brown all
the time so I have different shades of
brown on and then I went in I like
Harvey let me get your most is that I
bought a book I'm let saw you and I was
like god damn she's fine and then I
think you had this white tank top and
then you had this pink bra underneath
and what up ho it and I love ice cream
it does it does and then did you know
really flat stomach so for me as a dude
because I'm into fitness I think the
huge that turns guys on awesome step
shows me aren't you tips and ass or
whatever but there's also a few other
things that I think guys overlook all
the time and for me it's the hip bone
and also the classical and then because
you were thin you had a really nice
classical in it and also keep speaking
in the past tense then lose a little
flat ah so and if she would have her
pitbull would be sticking up here really
flat stomach
oh my damn she's hot it's still flat
oh and I was like oh like everyone's
like the damage is fine and I told Gio
this before but I was like I wanted to
talk to her and I felt like I did catch
your attention somehow and there's some
chemistry that you did I don't remember
I know she well I guess it was just one
side of my brain go ahead and um I was
trying to make the sale babe I know you
weren't even the present half of my
folks I wish you well look what a long
lives and there's like forecasts and you
kind of see I must close with there and
over there and then I of I hear it was
like some personnel but up your necks
I'm like son of a fucking bitch
yeah no but you can be sure yet normal
cuz I was there also I fuck you yeah and
I thought you would I fuck me back I
think you do look everything maybe you
did it I would like well you wearing a
lot of brown baby
what the pink bra underneath the white
shirt no the ho so I thought you're
really hot but I wanted I make the pass
sighs so you're out of my league
ah let's go Cuba like who who got the
home at the end he did suffice
well this was so cute and there's so
many cute things I didn't even know that
you were thinking I don't have to feel
the same way about one know anything you
know it does look fine
this is cute well I hope you guys had a
community time with us because I know we
definitely had a cutie tent if you did
like these videos let us know and we'll
continue to discuss honestly it was a
lot of fun for me we Otto we have a
bunch of other pushes too and I think
this is the first five that we thought
were really going to set it off yeah and
we don't tell each other the responses
so I think this is really fun and I
thought was really cute yeah you want to
see more let us know because we have a
bunch of ideas that we would like to
share with you guys so thanks for
watching now next time
