you guys have a doctor appointment hey
whoa whoa buddy buddy hard buddy that's
nice
then the retrievers ride at the
beginning of the door okay okay let me
look we're going right now
we bring real open or no we can bring
them in but I'm just letting you know
that there's a golden retriever right in
the front and I'm getting him this
morning because meatloaf likes to
aggressively sniff other dogs and then
the other dog takes it I was like oh you
kind of fun to proof and then they fight
and then it looks like Oh what you think
I'm kind of fight your edge have fight
you - they go around then they fight
each other but I don't know why you have
to be so aggressive just a bunch of guys
all right guys they're waiting for you
dan that spiky leash skills yes good do
you put them on that side
the da Neos hey philos can you you're
getting you physical you nervous he
nervous they might put the finger in
your bubble you know this okay you can
be scared you might get a shot two
people think you scared I don't know he
doesn't seem to be I think he's more
concerned with all the other pet pet
around but he's looking at the cat
within this rather golden retriever what
do you think don't lick your lips
you think the delicious thank you things
are delicious
nope or you are giving eye
guys this whole can of meds we wasn't
supposed to like 30 pills I remember
that when we brought them in and then
you guys they did plummeting and it all
came out and I think that's why it's not
so much like to nation on banana yes I
used to be like baby we could push out
whatever me yeah and then you have a hot
room and and it's still good to mix to
you okay
look at the background me love is it you
do you like it
look this you in first so thank you
hahahahaha the cutie you want eat all
the minerals go home you big community
you look so cute against that wall hey
go over there
oh this trying to do that devotedly
friendly but just to be on the safe side
Decker half white part on the bottom
fuck up wait ok buddies made am a boy on
the side he's already like this what is
this dad not the moon for long yeah this
rupture honestly we live
look in the stands and also I have to
just stay close to his head that will
keep them a little happier and I'll work
around his coming from behind him
they're going to take a temperature it
have to be really nervous really just
not enough that it doesn't flip off
looks pretty good if you're doing good
I look able to stand up oh no I'll try
and whack it yeah you will okay okay get
up somebody get a little girl good boy
Oh buddy buddy pull this head City for
me okay oh yeah sure we can work on them
anyway okay bunny flip boy you said
going to check up on it see it's
everything of mortal sonic to come if
haha oh you good boy wheel off it's a
boy boy boy
hey buddy I said I bet if it doesn't
okay
you were squishing your own pail okay
local level of yours shaking and smoke
in the capacity hmm gotta work on that
have a buddy yeah
please all polish
miss Ruth ELISA
is positive like our iPhone case the
multi case the relatively function
oh good you were thinking long as I mean
you're like oh no just think about it
they're they're really beeps like
250,000 times a day is usually between
100 and 150 beats is probably fairly
normal for this time yeah
so if I listen for 10 seconds I didn't
mean to scare you but I behind 10
seconds like there are way more beats in
the days okay the file is in a little
bit okay okay okay now so you know but
no there was nothing wrong that what we
listen for when we're doing that is
listening for any heart murmurs which I
did not hear any so the valves are okay
on him and also any irregular beat or
you know any any pauses between be
taping like that I also did not hear
anything okay good he looks like he's in
great shape
yeah boy Chris job let's I think it's
good amount from the wall just a little
bit I'm going to try and get peppers on
them okay whatever
I mean I'd like this yeah I said there
was a med student
oh yeah there you go a little bit time
buddy I'll still feel very good boy but
we don't support email support you like
to cry about what she says you can load
up up I thought you know I'm gonna go
boy good point 900 hope you're well
okay look mommy okay okay okay okay
the boy good boy there you go another
temperature the phone yes I'll go do the
paperwork
um you can either leave the muzzle on or
take it off will the top put back on
once we get the paperwork in here just
okay you into that scene so I'm sorry I
think you but I just leave it on for now
that's fine I'm not going to
we'll sit quietly we'll be back in a
minute okay thank you you're welcome
when you look good
look you got all tangled up now oh my
poor boy doesn't like them going in his
I told you Neela he'll swing told you
told you would you tell them the
different de Kooning's bus it was ready
but he was ignoring me oh how do you
know just good was I for exactly he's
just a cute Oliver that ends up on our
floor
the others multi pause the movie
oh yeah what that hard because it's wet
I think it's because he's still a baby
liber ties impossible rough it was like
black asphalt but this is literally like
it's literally not even a grandiose
little bit multi-part well you're not it
does not a multi but I go you're saying
for a battery connect no I thought by
most recent Apple berry Club yeah don't
bubble free Apple it's Apple yeah make
their own little if you put your phone
all the way over there
good boy this great this is your healthy
this is a neat look but this is nice but
doesn't your eyes smell at me will
delicious but but all the time of it you
know we look so defeated and he just
gave up he's not even strapped down he
just has a muzzle but it looks like he's
strapped out and handcuffed by both leg
oh my poor boy I now look yeah a little
I'm sorry they stuck in your play I'm
sorry
let me turn up on although that's why or
maybe just feel too good now you know
what I like money
I like dogs on the heavy side elbows
because I mean that's the side they lay
on and it's crazy that even though this
is the regular skin
just paint right like if you look it's
like pink yeah that's what the elbow
looks like but once they start leaning
did it develop tall material it this
children to this it's not crazy yet but
your body knows that okay I'm using this
side of my body more so I'm going to
convert my skin to my toilet your hand
because we don't do that like my elbow
don't feel like they get rough you lose
sensation on it it'll feel like the
bottom of my feet but they don't feel
like any other part of your skin
true but this is black straight upon
material my cute boy you're doing good
you do good and it's just a shower
getting shot renounce you talking back
to do that and he'll meet you up front
just a minute okay totally right out yes
front or even know it bye bye big guy oh
we're going into that last look mr.
Millar you hope it is okay agent coming
TV cat
okay could you get your bag about 75 now
Oh the end oh wow looks great let me get
that charge of what to be a hundred
pound Oh what's not working maybe we
need to get him back in 85 I'll be some
time they don't want to do it there oh
thank you 34
you called it dad's always know 94
pounds I know
fine you're right I was wrong oh yeah
meatloaf get in there get in there
you deserve it boy you're still a man
even if they figured he was but you're
still a man okay baby pop quiz do you
think this is real grass or do you think
it's astroturf well for starters I think
that's real dog poop and I think this is
a stroke oh that's good no you can tell
me my football from the bottom of all I
think it's astroturf yes sir I think
it's fake
we see
oh it's big how do they do a good job
oh it's not bad I think they do a good
job they make like fake plants with real
plants then you don't know what's real
if they give me more when I first saw it
I was like that looks take but when I
saw the real plants all but wait a
second why would you put fake times with
no real plans on my oh I got you now
it's smart because now all the dogs can
pee on you without ruining the back
there you fine I don't let it be the
booster glitter sit at the booth I'm
telling you to pee
good job Greggy
I know you do what about oh she said be
in the food she's dumping in the poop I
know she is maybe him move her
oh she's stepping on the food I know she
is why would you have her pasta pon the
pool part group it's not it's way look
look trust me I got this
so why is it flooded right there it
closed up the brownie with no look at
that what the brownie thing what are you
talking about are you being stupid on
purpose
brownie food my weapon and I thought I
almost ate that one Russian one you're
disgusting and then you're going to talk
about their freaking there they're
passing on rubbery and you're the one
touching them you were just talking
about his car being rubbery no street
beautiful you are so disgusting
I am so excited right now
Tampere has finally let me do something
that I've been begging him to do since
we first got together and that something
is shaving his face
and I'd wanted to do this forever
because I don't know if you guys could
tell but I can't grow a beard I only
know how to shave the who and so I
figured if I could shave the pool then
I'm pretty sure I can shave his face
without cutting him up
I've seen her shave her oh yeah yeah
I've seen you shape it and you got mad
skills like you're just flipping those
flats and you're saving and flipping and
on my eye if you can fish I'm still kind
of scared just because it's my face and
I don't want to bleed and get all cut up
but if you can shave those flaps like
that I think you can shave my face
do you even know how to start already no
Marvin do you need to walk you through
it or is it a test is this a test I've
seen my dad do it a lot so I was always
so curious all right what's that one and
so then step one is a gold bam bam bam
right okay then step two a goal and make
it really frosting into this thing hey
give it a shot and I seen you do it to
my dad but my dad always had my session
to go up and he would make sure you
didn't get it by his sideburns and your
fuck
ha ha ha but then popper goes like this
he goes like that just goes across that
already different than how I do it well
then what you feeling me to walk you
through or is this going to be honest um
how far can I cut the fibers up to here
up to I want you to cut the sideburns up
to nothing like right here like maybe
like I think I see the line okay and
then and then you go like this and then
and then you start to shave and press
when you go like this no you so that's
how you make a video plays and Kitty you
pull the skin because you want to make
it talk only you pretend another way out
I am scared all right that's it and then
you wash it and you get some I don't
know some perfumer something you have to
say this uh perfume you are already
missing one of the most important points
and that is having hot water warms the
blade when you have a hot blade it cuts
through it like butter that's why you
always see that's what that works too
but that's why you always see me turning
on the hot water and running and you go
through you went to one will you wait
you bloody Hey
and it's because I'm warming up the
razor yeah I'm not wasting water I'm
warming up the razor not like you're
also not to eat and so every time I run
it when I'm after I'm done shaving I run
it underneath
I'm reheating the razor Hey all right so
what's your first okay don't do it okay
all right do it I'm gonna wait for the
hot water all right hot water yeah yeah
shut up salami physic engine is that
singing oh even tell all right so that
thing needs to be like piping hot pretty
it's getting there good it's going to
warm the razor and by the time you pull
a razor out it's already not piping hot
you want it typing right
I like your pop you're not because the
way that your microwave you don't want
the hamburger and I did it oh oh the new
one come of it you never thought I never
thought of that
once the hell is wrong but water what
the fuck I don't know what all were you
reading I was not with a dirty was it
you don't clean it proper way more ha
that was record out of ice cream I know
you keep slapping your gun
well if you got slaps down there too I
know he's like a little like hey don't
touch them and just her know while
they're working you know I fucking out
what are you doing way cool water no no
come on
that's me I don't think you want to
leave in here because it does have a
little jolt your peer - and if I leave
it never too long it's gonna it's pretty
hot okay right yep okay here we go all
right here it goes nothing
I'm doing this thank you
I don't want to get your side burn so
Papa this is very nerve-racking what I
got to make you proud injured because I
don't want one to cut you because I love
you okay
don't put in my nose I'm not trying to
go all fuck sorry I didn't see that side
I wasn't on that side Nikki can you turn
your head a little bit there you go
you're probably an ass I shave yourself
after huh
well if you do a good job it's got to
shape it like much like your flat home
Adonis from a nose I don't think I put
that much you put your chin does this
work
oh I think I know what you do what you
do
what did you do he goes all the way down
here yeah you know manly I am I'm a
frickin hair everywhere I'm surprised
you didn't get a shave to be on it or
you got moving you wanted melody let me
see it machine gonna give me me oh yeah
I'm fucking manly oh yeah you smell like
a man that's for sure
okay okay Washington mono you know how
much testosterone run through these
veins I what I'm scared I don't cut me
if you cut me I'm calling the cops
no stop it okay this can't be the best
shape of your life
probably not but just paint you sure
about that stuff you just dump out all
the water you think it's a normal water
so I'm going to keep this with hot water
keeps everything in it we actually feed
okay alrighty are you a yeah all right
ready yeah why I asked to do the dumbest
shit let's do this Jamie yeah I pull the
skin almost don't kill me how I with my
damn excision
does that hurt her to hurt please there
are you there you're so weird
no still real job because I'm not in
control
it does feel scratchy I don't know
traffic at all
now I'm doing an amazing job I'm trying
to shave the way your hair goes oh my
god this part is hard it's like a whole
body changes carny you can freak out dog
I'm gonna cut you got that on camera I
know I know don't pop your cock please
you're making me sorry there's so many
bones here I usually don't do it bones I
just feel this close makes it easier by
and hey I uh I do that maybe do the 30
please tell me no okay this sounds so
violent why are you going back
am i I don't know there you go so fast
but I think I've been doing this do you
have it okay give me give me the chance
oh don't look it why would you move it
on me like that
it still looks a little bit stubbly this
it doesn't get all that hair hair
jiggle-jiggle harder Oh No Oh pick your
mammal about in my flesh part of you big
monster
mm-hmm this part goes in yeah there you
go teamwork okay I got a void your lips
pick up there you go oh man fuckin boss
how do what the tan is doing but it's
literally like this behind your back I'm
more like this like I'm using it to to
help me balance hand into the jab pop oh
yes no blood no frickin streams erect
coming up hey hey if I could keep air
hoses soda pop this part up there you go
okay
we had such an exciting your seat and
you got a the water feels cold
oh so it's sorting out freaking that
it's already not
gonna be okay ha-hey okay yeah yeah the
corner the corner of the corner I go go
power out yeah your own corner now I'm
getting all the hair is you always mid
so you you never get these parts I just
got them for you you're welcome
how's it looking
I mean this part is do ya what we're
gonna do with the tan though I'm so
crazy I didn't I like know if we can
shave your bad no but you're there like
a fucking brillo pad I'm about this why
do you keep giving me the things I need
this size no hair goes in crazy
directions down here what what what you
doing to do it you do you do cut me did
you know it's going down what the fuck I
told you man there you go it's like
growing it oh my dear Lord oh I'm
sweating down here what I need oh they
was the wiser vagina fighting why I
guess looking pretty good actually
do I go here did I go not high enough I
was really scared
I like a car that's right no you just
make a line I just go wait no no no just
all okay I got skills baby all right all
right
oh my god does it hurt you at all
you already shaved it it's kind of fun I
think you know all these fix the rest
first step no no this is great
I got everything let me see yeah here
it'll be here you see how I got about
all that this is fine
I think I've done
really yes it did no streaks of blood
there's gonna be 20 bucks sir
I think you have no facial hair you have
like very minimum of freaking yeah your
man your man buddy just has very minimal
hair honestly I think my vagina has way
more here it probably does it's just
bushes hell I think you did a really
good job to be honest when you hold the
female uh-oh it's not going down
should I do it oh shit when we go about
wolfish it up but congratulations he did
a very very good job good time so now I
don't like it in one somewhere what I
get to shave marv it ooh
when you do I shave arpit I lasered it
too there's no hair there anymore at all
at all Oh No what can I say vanilla are
you sure my brother just kidding
Horace's I don't trust you because you
haven't shaved as long as I've I work on
multiple body parts no no what we had a
good job thank you
take a shower okay
