yellow gentlemen wha the souvenir family
member from ablution was doctor it is
equally callosum and Rico tomorrow
Lauren Paris and we are at the Arc de
Triomphe or tree on tree of science from
some French words I don't know much the
lives of cigarettes and so forth but
mere Marbella here and Napoleon
Commission de Spiegel monument after he
conquered almost all of Europe except
for Russia and England and this is
eternal flame in the middle which i
think is really really cool and it's to
commemorate all the unknown fallen
soldiers because during war there's so
many people that give their lives of the
country but they're not commemorate
because they're just lost in battle but
my favorite being about Paris and I see
this in almost a lot of Europe is that
they have all the historical buildings
but of course the store metropolis but
they keep it separate so over here we
have the Arc de Triomphe Triomphe and
there's a bunch of other historical
buildings but over there is where they
keep the skyscrapers so there's still
modern and they still sit with modern
times they still have really big
corporations but they keep it separate
so that both can co-exist is not cool
mother that is beautiful it is beautiful
my hands are frozen sorry but I
absolutely agree while I was like
listening to what you were saying I kind
of went daydreaming and sorry victory
I'm sorry I was majoring a bit now about
the realities are you about to you
already know I was daydreaming I was
thinking I could only amount
in what it sounded like hearing the
footsteps of all the surviving soldiers
that walked under the horses yeah yeah
yeah the horses that walked like through
this is art couple knows for what
exactly what is one of Lies you know in
the football players would come home or
like the Lakers for the Kareem a big
championship back right yeah this is
built so that when the troops come home
they get to walk through it in victory
and yeah I was just here now to thinking
I wonder because I could feel the
rattling of the cars underneath my feet
they weight funds right like all these
trucks of us so I was just thinking oh
wow is that what like the rest of the
citizens around the city felt like with
like when um when the show's closures
were coming back yeah it's really hot
here so my mouth is numb I even get long
Arsenal on top imagine speaking French
Bonjour is a plenum we're gonna stretch
every single table yeah Victini okay
more accelaration intercom who do wrong
Sam beederman on phone the
downstairs on the last book young
legality danke
lovely lovely all the same Mizzell
toffee with us for the moon on gossamer
burner who we should say this is it
Adonis to blame
we the table
dah-dah-dah beautiful all right so I am
a big huge fan of roller coasters and
pipe generally don't scare me okay but
as we were going to one of the first
stops on the Eiffel Tower I can see it's
going higher and higher in the ground
going low over lower I'm freaking the
fuck out right now like I am
really how are you scared of heights and
you always give me shit
we're not going to fix lag I know I was
freaking out too but I am scared of
heights and I'm scared of roller
coasters and I'm scared of speed we're
going slow but how can you give me shit
that's not this know it's not fair but
this is so high up I've never been this
high up and the bridge down just yes and
we're yes and this smaller that people
got and the smaller the big boat Scott
and the smaller the street look I'm like
I could feel my heart slowly like
sticking to the ground saying fuck you
Geo I'm not going up there with you I'm
going to take it down there so I felt
like we were separating I feel so shaky
I feel like I have feelings right now
I'm like are your hands oh my god don't
are the cars down there that is me
zooming into a car is literally of dying
it's a funky animal
so everybody we're not even on the top
top like the doll if you look all the
way up here oh oh my god so much to go
babe okay okay on if you want to go to
the top no but yes I can't believe I'm
the one I know I'm comforting you how
can I be the one comforting you
I'm the ones gonna hide I know are you
okay well when I was going up the
elevator
yeah I think about halfway through I'm
okay this is cool yeah and then as I
started getting higher and higher and
higher my feet started to leak feeling I
started getting a little butterflies I'm
sort of getting like really scared yeah
do you want to go through the top yeah
you do yeah I'll do it I'll never be I
think it's all mental I'm gonna I'm
gonna think positive thoughts okay well
there's a lot of thoughts my defense
mechanism one of the things that I do is
I always when I saw tape it's my time to
go it's my time ago like when it comes
to scary things because so so more obey
as well as me versus before is the first
I know but it helps me it really does
help me like on airplanes when I feel
crazy tribulation it scares everybody I
just go before time about my family and
then I just relax and I'm like alright
good so I'm going to try to apply that
method to this
it made it to the very very top and
although I'm so freaking out as hi I'm
not as good as I was with the first
elevator and I think it's because it was
it was elevator happening in the middle
of post to on this side so the first
tier was off to the side this last one
was through the middle so I didn't get
to see everything around me get smaller
and horns more horse but leaning this
side towards it I'm still kind of
filming little Rocky
how do you feel I am completely opposite
of you because I will still mean the
elevator right going back up and as you
are going up like I was trying to focus
on the screen but my peripheral vision
was capturing the side and it is empty
gap so as we're going up I could just
feel my legs lose more and more feeling
and I'm like you know Caucasus should go
to stop I was getting really really
scared and then every time I would get
like this moment of blackness then I'm
like oh my god so I know fear is
completely psychological but as soon as
the light comes back in and I see the
ground I can see all these taking hold
oh shit like I just look down right now
I love you oh I don't know it is crazy
how do you like roller coasters um I
mean there's ah the table is the strange
feeling yeah but you don't hang up at
the pass for like 10 minutes every
single roller coaster I have ever been
on does that now this is the part of the
roller coaster I hate no the
anticipation I like that much but even
like that Disneyland with Splash
Mountain and go yeah that's the thing
Juilliard is that the longest point and
then you drop and you're done it's
really instant this is like you go up
slowly and then you stay up there and
then
very subjective no this is really really
really scary I don't know we made it
we're at the table I don't know I think
the fun bottom agreements are you did it
you're ready to go back now not yet not
yet I want it I want to look at this a
little bit more and so completely not
okay there was a guy there was a guy
that doesn't head out this will home
taking a picture not even legal and I
just do that
there's signs everywhere don't do that
no more don't do that because unless you
found out that it's your fault
yeah I got to be like right now are you
have a lawn do something I have ISIL
wigs look how fucking high we are
what the fuck those things are both down
there and they look like ants what the
hell is that a flea in all it's a car
holy shit what is that there's a white
fuzz crawling on a stick and that stick
is a freeway why isn't one honking it's
why's everyone honking down there the
freaking me out
fuck
look how down these guys were back in
these freakin og gangsters they don't
have any fencing any safety net and
they're just walkin around like it's
nobody's business and back in these days
their cameras took like 30 minutes to
take a picture but you know this hole is
standing here like this so my 30 minutes
on the lens flowing don't even care
we're all pussies now come on okay I am
for sure I'm number one the number one
of that Club this right here makes me
feel really cheap so I'm not a rivets
that are on this thing so how it's not
just like 2 4 and another for another
course makes it feel really sturdy so
I'm really happy that they have just
made everything
thanks guys
come on bear yes Father I am so proud of
you
and surprised actually that you ate all
that French booth because French food is
known to be extremely experimental and
they use some crazy ass flavors very
similar to Chinese tell me how you want
this victory well first of all I don't
understand the French language I can't
read it
I cannot decipher I don't know anything
about it so that being said when the
waiter with his broken English said this
is some kind of beef and then be some
kind of laughs I was like oh cool I
don't know what I'm eating let's do it
and I'm feeling really really really
really hard to expand my palate so the
fact that psychological they couldn't I
couldn't mess with my own mind because I
don't know what I was eating helps so
much the first thing that moderate was
veal tartare so first of all in the
States I tried veal and mother never
eats deal wait it wasn't me it's bill
tartar its do beef bill is beef okay but
it's a baby cow oh I think I don't know
ash I don't know I don't know I don't
know but so it was a delicious or was it
delicious
no one is moving okay so you ate the
whole gate that's all that matters
that's all that matters so so mob
reduces even like tartar which is that
well you like a tuna tartare but then
any type of like meat tires are like
sauce O'Connor if she ate the tartare
and then she ordered pork belly which is
extremely fatty and my ability to like
pork with me I want to order support so
there were the choices were chicken
which I'm kind of always and super hit
or miss chicken then there was fish
which I've already had my fill of fish
throughout this whole trips I was like
man and then it was beef vive that it
was pork yeah and then you between those
two because I know popper like the back
of my hand I was like all right poverty
another beef report so I asked him what
you want before he said people like I
knew it so I'm gonna get Forks we can do
anything you change and then we could
try
two different cuisines so that's the
reason I want the pork but if you would
have said work out of abuse journey and
I did get the beef I got the beef a
braised shoulder oh my god that she just
melted as soon as my poor touched it
tell me about the tiramisu though
mothers Oh next you get week it week
someone cactus lady
so so this area was bombed and even he
says it he's like are we have a special
take on Santa suit and I didn't really
know what then again because he had
really broken English so he brought it
in usually deter me so that I'm familiar
with has like a tape player through it
was like takes a guy to the left of us
an arranged graduating his man what all
right
so then yeah the one that I'm used to
has like a layer of cake and then
whipped cream and then like another
layer of like coffee like little
squiggle squiggle so then when he
brought it out it was none of that it
was like an egg shaped coffee ice cream
with some like darts that I can only
imagine in the jewelry real flavor jello
yeah and then like different types of
cream around it yeah so then when I
would bite into this is exactly like to
me to cutting out that wet sponge cake
usually have it as well
it is even hard bro minute I taste it
really yeah there is no Rama yeah I
think they're wrong you have very good
taste buds so I'm not going to argue
with you but maybe part of your mama
and really it really proud of you that
you're able to expand your palate thank
you baby I'm trying really really hard
bear paws
we are where Emporium is very we are at
the tomb of Napoleon if you look down
here Napoleon's tomb is right there
and he was such a badass the reason why
he put it in there it suspended between
the first and second floor so everyone
on the first floor has to look up at him
and everyone at the second floor has to
bow down to look at them and this is his
very own sacred almost like worshipping
ground because if you look back there
it's its own chapel like there's across
there's its own churches own Beedrill
and this place is just mind-blowing I
can't believe that I am in the same
building as one of the world's greatest
warlord he proclaimed himself emperor is
not crazy Marbury is amazing and so on
this entire European tour we've heard
about how the polian exist in this
country Napoleon took our position this
other country
Napoleon wasn't was it ever given like
the permission to even be and perfectly
like screw you I'm dominating you suck
I'm doing it right so I would you bother
I'm in complete awe of being the
president of life greatness right
concerning greatness I'm not even
putting aside any type of atrocious
things that I did it's like in that time
they did what they had to do to get
power whatever
so now legend has it what a tour guide
told us was when Hitler really looked up
to Napoleon so when he came to visit
here as father mentioned to you guys he
suspended between two levels right but
Hitler was like well no one's better
than me so when he came
the tomb of Napoleon he used the mirror
he's like I'm not going to look up at
anyone and I'm not going to bow down to
anyone so he used the mirror and he held
it up he's like okay I see it and what
ended up happening was again legend has
it that when he went to flick the mirror
he hid his hat and then he went to go
pick it up and that could be
unintentionally bowed down to Napoleon
true or not I do not know that is he
beautiful
it's no joke that we're with a
historical figure right now by giving a
dead it's still the first time that I
have ever been able to kick it with
someone from history yeah like he blamed
on is on here but he's kicking it
he's kicking it with us for real look at
how fake he keep changing the lighting
with like the music that's how big he is
even after that two hundred years later
three hundred years later like people
ever think of doing that
look at that that is amazing being
suspended between two floors genius
that's next level thinking that's why
Napoleon is Napoleon is you know who are
all those batches are down direct sister
Catholic all those pieces
you think they're like 12 apostles or
other song people down there or they
Roman God
am i Catholic we regroup I you know
Adams background I know I don't know I
mean am i household it wasn't like
strict half Catholicism all right you've
got to sorry
well Courtney may be for Tina so which
others during at 14-14 home you can't
ask for religious stuff I have no idea
sorry my Catholic but it but this is so
freaking cool Origen looking forget
filling up then this is the ceiling oh
my goodness is a natural light coming in
to big dome up there
and everything is slow well Liz is a
halter with handles everywhere
the other main altar and there's another
vulture and if they got the Topaz both
speakers explained as musicals of
trouble birth really setting the mood in
here I'll leave it
leave it to the French to be romantic
and even with the dead person problem
