what our guys our first stop in Italy is
Venice and we are super excited to be
here I'm the most excited why are you
the most exciting most success why are
you the most excited
hahaha I've been looking forward to this
country since the beginning of the trip
because of food soap the architecture is
amazing I can kind of understand
everything its Helen is Latin based on
like Oh portfolio like I get it
por favor like please you know it's very
close to Spanish so I'm just so happy to
be here I'm kind of a little bit bummed
that there's a lot of fog because I
would like to just kind of see more yeah
and be in awe of all its beauty but you
know what I am not mad because its
architecture the architecture is what I
am the most excited for right so you
guys already know how much I love
architecture but because of the Roman
Empire can take you back to your
motherfucking history books this whole
place is built with marble marble every
fucking where this place is
Marble Mania this is like the dj khaled
of back in the day
this place is major key it is and I
think he was telling us that um there's
so much marble in this city right here
and we haven't even hit Roman so this is
on the outskirts this is we're in Venice
once he gets a relative even more marble
but there's already so much marble in
this city that the center of Venice
right there and st. marco square it's
actually indented because of all the
weight on the land that's crazy and this
is known as the floating city venice oh
really why the floating uh I don't know
why it wasn't good and prepare for that
question I just spread it somewhere if
it's no further so let me get back good
so we don't know our facts we just know
some shit here and there yeah and
someone told us it's a floating city and
it was because they needed to built
indices hence the canals and we're gonna
be on the gondola later
I'm excited look how big that monster
bird is bigger than a dog shit puffy
look at the heck that's not a pup is you
it's a dog that thing is come here what
kind of dog is hit what kind of dog has
too late look at every other bird around
it and then douche hey holy moly
we're Doge Doge these birds are so used
to humans I call close I can get
come here birdie come here birdie come
here birdie what about you big guy come
here birdie come here birdie don't poke
my eyes up come here birdie oh damn it
you
you
no we did not
teleport immediately to our LA home
what happened was we came back and we
looked at the footage and there's all
kinds of audio problems and we were like
oh that was so once in a lifetime feels
horrible was it literally was like a and
I'm not even being said it it sounded
like pictures and the number one Venice
is actually a entire city and it's one
of the most romantic parts of the trip
and we're like what the fuck is this but
nonetheless it was still such an amazing
experience because I've always wanted to
go on a gondola ride yes and we've been
to Vegas and you at the Venetian which
is modern modeled after Venice yeah
hence the word Venetian there they do
have a gondola ride and I've always
wanted to do it but I'm like you know
like I've always been the type of person
if I see something I always wanted to do
the real shit yeah I want Panda Express
I want to go to Chinese bloody letters I
can I was like a D yeah the way that
they kind of like fantasize about the
real gondola ride like everyone has
matching uniforms very just on my
romantic table anyway took the real
gondola ride all of the gondoliers are
like smoking fucking cigarettes there
are these raspy Italian that's bitch
uh-uh
they were like you smoker fuck yeah
voices yeah and from the start I got
really scared cuz uh me and geo we got
paired up with these other two from New
Zealand and I'm over 200 pounds the
other guys over 200 pounds like six
three or something
yeah he's huge like 250 and they made
our girls very very very tiny tea yes
both of you guys are extremely petite
it's
really was he anyway I know what you're
getting at cuz I was also scared at that
one yeah and so uh when we got into the
gondola he didn't really have like
weight distribution like okay one guy
over there whenever bold Elissa Munich
eight shitty both of us on the same
sides with the whole time the gondola
was like like this and we're like fuck
yeah no one wanted to move because you
could see the water about this no or
yeah I wish you would recorded that one
but I'm glad we didn't at that and he
lost the footage in the water but like
as soon as we got in I thought that we
would get some clear direction or at
least the guy would hold your hand to
get it he was just holding on to the
edge of the boat with the big or with
the big or and then we just got in not
even thinking anything and then the
whole thing just went boom so I'm like
oh fuck this already sucks and then he
kept trying to scoot in and then we
order out and then the guy was like no
no no no no I'm like no what no two in
or nota out like what the hell are we
gonna tip over I even asked him I'm like
hey uh it looks like it's kind of off
balance
can we move and I think he wanted to
call me a pussy in Italian but he just
laughing hey how's it going alright fuck
it if I get wet today we're gonna get
wet but once we started the right yeah
it was very very romantic it was
romantic and I don't think I felt the
romanticism because the gondola theme
had like this heart-shaped this corny
heart-shaped a seat and then there were
like a bunch of like furry little red
streamers outlining the gondolas it was
supposed to be like a romantic thing I
didn't get the Roman from that but I
think maybe you did well like I guess it
was just romantic because you know
anytime we're cold and or bundled up and
you're about to do something that you
really want to deal with the person that
you love it's it's really cool exploring
the world so I was like oh me and my mom
bear are in the real gondola and real
Venice and not in Vegas and this is so
awesome then we both really like
architecture so to be able to see the
city through a boat which has no
intersections or streetlights it's a
non-stop tour of the city from the
inside out and it's a really dope view
that you're never ever going to get any
other way
yeah which is why I thought it was so
romantic but one buzzkill though is
because it is kind of like a tourist
attraction there is an entire line of
gondolas so there was like six six yeah
Angeles so what made it feel very
special and unique we're like oh look at
that and we look over and there's like
fucking 12,000 other people saying this
thing that coupled with the fact that
our gondolier was yelling at the other
guy and the conversation yes steering
the gun
like he just kept yelling back and forth
and I'm like all right well if we wanted
to get romantic and we wanted to be like
oh then in the background we're about to
kiss in the background the dudes just
starts yelling in like he's like on his
phone he's like smoking well we could
see the fucking building about to smash
into us
yeah he's literally like texting and
then he has a big all right and then at
the last menu like oh shit you push off
against the building and then were like
oh fuck
but I think one of my favorite parts in
terms of the gondola ride was the fact
that I'd like you I did get to see
behind the scenes of like all the houses
and all the old buildings and I was just
trying to imagine because Venice was
known to be a super super wealthy city
so I can only imagine how people were
like dressed and how beautiful they look
because you're you're going in the in
this wizard a stream or a little river
no no the Venice canals yes you're going
through the canal but you're crossing
over these bridges that connect these
two what now I found out to be Island so
every every gap there is is an island
Everage longnecks every block is a isin
yeah so you know you're going underneath
these bridges but you can see people
crossing over you're not like why but it
must look so beautiful out here yeah all
the Venice is a floating city and they
don't have any cars because there's no
real streets to drive on so everything
is brought in through boat and people
can only go from one island to the next
yeah over the bridge so such a
interesting and dope City and it was
just so rich of history that it was very
romantic and it was
really great experience but it's just
that my ball holes really typed you're
just scared no I think I think I loved
everything that experience right like I
wanted to feel it local as possible even
though it was something something very
touristy like I love the fact that um I
got to feel like a local like the guy
was smoking again and on the phone and
then you know like we all had a bunch of
our buttholes I was real but that's a
real Italian yeah and then if you look
up to the side you see like Commerce
happening you see people selling stuff
you see people fishing you see you know
the water taxi is happening so I'm like
this is fucking cool like I can't
believe I'm hearing that and I get
experiences Robert Lee this is not funny
oh and despite the fact that I'm
slightly claustrophobic um like the
buildings are like literally I probably
do this I'm touching two buildings maybe
not that close my husband may be like
this I'd be like well we'd like to say
like that I mean yeah like I can I can
just spread my arms and I'm touching two
buildings like at least huh that's how I
felt it in my mind's on my foot but the
fact that you were next to me I was just
like no this is cool like it just means
a guy be close to the popper
right now we are in Roseau Pomodoro and
according to a local this is hands-down
the best pizza and Venice and you know
that I love pizza and you know that this
lady was loved so we had to get a pizza
from here but when in Italy we also had
to get pasta what did we order baby
alright so before I even explain
anything we did get a pizza as you did
show them but when I was looking at how
like where the cuts are don't cut it so
I hadn't even told you it's a knife and
fork beats exactly so I ended up tearing
it thinking that it's starting here but
there is no slices so like you mentioned
it's knife and fork Piper Pizza and we
specifically got I have to say this
isn't telling at the read it I mean it's
called the Capri peppery cosa and that
has tomato sauce mozzarella
Chompy neon mushrooms cooked ham
artichokes and black olives they got me
at artichokes because I love artichoke
and that's one thing our tour guy told
us is that big killing in making
artichoke and cooking artichokes in
Italy they smash on it another cool
thing about it it's such a specialty out
here that they have very specific
tomatoes that you may use on pizzas or
pastas so for example ours has a little
specific tomato on it and if you guys
can see that but then when I open the
menu Wow Wow it has a specific tomato so
I believe it is
a date tomato that's what we're going to
be eating a date tomato and what's
amazing is um some of the pizzas have a
mix of tomatoes or some pizzas is made
specifically with this tomato and other
pizza will have like a mixture for
tomatoes so that's how specific and
signature they have each of their pizzas
down they know which tomato and tomato
sauce to use now you have to present the
pasta con what the hell you guys so the
pasta oh did I see pizza mm pasta pasta
okay so the pasta um I asked the
waitress for her recommendation and I
was reading here and they said they use
sometimes homemade pasta sometime fresh
pasta and I wanted to get fresh pasta
because David always recommends that you
want to go to a place where they make it
fresh or I'll should just buy a bag and
boil it at home so I asked for her
recommendation and she told me to get
the silly pasta with Neapolitan ragu and
ricotta cheese and I'm like sounds good
to me and it's made from Buffalo ricotta
so it's not a cow cheese it's a buffalo
she's so really really excited to try
both David's gonna be so jealous this is
straight up at this local if you're
right even I lie to me lady
this supposed to be the best pizza that
I've ever tried and I'm spotted be the
best pasta ever tried which I go first
ah pizza all right knife and fork it is
I so cut
oh the crispy flaky crust and it's
actually been sitting here for a minute
because homeboy over here decided to
take the longest poop of his life and it
was just sitting here and I was so
tempted to just eat it without him and
I'm like I'm just gonna wait I already
love it so the pizzas that I like to eat
are unlike the big American Domino's
whatever kind I like heat so that's nice
and thin and this is already very thin
crispy I love you're eating with your
fingers what are you doing you Savage
sorry Pizza
don't the probably PETA other hands
that's New York you're supposed to eat
it with the night before care you animal
I'm having the orgasm you're Bosman fine
it's my turn I'm a trans pasta this
pizza so fucking good you can really
take I feel like I'm just by eating it
so that I fuck I'm a better chef now
even though I don't even cook stupid
look I understand the why I chose that
tomato even don't know which tomato they
chose the cheese and tomato the black or
the black the crispy flaky crust and the
watery tomato sauce oh my god can you
wipe your hands be with that he'll know
what you're good with the napkin you
stop doing that you're not even fucking
United States you can't do dumb shit I
go no would take it out what the hell
you what do you want you there it is
alright so taste I can taste our you'll
taste the pizza i'ma try the pasta now
and unlike the savage that just uh
damn it showed you I'm gonna use a knife
and fork cuz that's what they're
intended what the other everyone eats
possible unless informed this is a
meatball get someone X she's right there
Buffalo yeah it's that cheese hmm
oh hell are you do not pull I'm being
the opposite of you you animal
I'm not an animal I can't believe you
shoot it with your head to one really
is that bomb or what this pasta is
exactly how I love it and it's called
authentic and it's my favorite way to
eat pasta such people would be a pimp
into Italy even think that it's a little
bit undercooked but that's what I was
into means and I like what it has more
of a tune it's not all mushy but the
tomato sauce is I don't even know how to
describe it it's a perfect it's perfect
cheese super condiments it I'm not going
to be this fan of like crazy cheese with
this cheese wasn't cheesy fuck those
delicious delicious are you trying to
say okay here are some final thoughts on
the food we just had uh who all the
possums on it was gross all the pizza
was disgusting off my plate and done
yeah this is a sight you never see Gio
always has a ton of food left over well
was discussed yeah no in all honesty it
was like ah I don't know how to say what
about me I don't know but I just yeah
they always do that like delicious
I don't know how to say it in Italian
but I feel like this conveys the message
of like wow like Magnifico yeah
ah explode your song I was so good it
was something given this drink money bid
I need that I don't know I completely
bitch that that was delicious and it
cleared up the pellet and it's so cute
to look at and they put a little orange
or possibly tangerine because it is very
small
throw that in good and I was even
telling more like while I was eating the
piece of you feel heavy like we had a
big meal like a possible see the size of
this play right pretty soon my hand it's
pretty big the pizza was the entire
radius of this plate look at that um and
as I was eating it I'm like I don't feel
full and on feel very satisfied and
content but I don't feel that I did that
I feel back home I don't feel sluggish
should eat American pizza
yeah all the ingredients are so fresh
and so delicious like I was eating uh uh
what was it uh olives are too charred
olives and mushroom
cheese I don't normally eat ham and I'm
like this normally wouldn't make sense
back home but right now it feels and it
is so good I wasn't even hungry
this isn't even hungry top this is like
disco could really feel like a delicious
as Pizza know what yeah your hands down
that was the best pizza I've ever had
super fresh doesn't feel heavy at all
that we finished a pizza and a pasta and
I feel like I can I'm just as sharp I
don't have like food comb ready the
pasta was out that day it was delicious
I am so happy but he saw a lot of
beautiful things but you guys know I'm a
fat ass and I didn't so far this is my
favorite thing on the bathroom door why
I love boom of everything use witness
disinvite true this is the thing that's
gonna like me the biggest impression
that okay so we saw some holy stuff uh
but still I got beat some articles yes
that was amazing but second to that
pizza is also holy amen
