we just checked into our hotel how do
you feel about this place man okay so
before I even say anything else I just
need to gather my thoughts because I was
prepped for this place right and I'm
confused right now
hmm and creeped up so I was prepped by
our manager and he says hey really jolly
like okay so jolly Tomos hey so uh
today's kind of pretty cool where's
Dennis Hotel that's prison D prison so
I'm thinking Oh cute it can be like cute
little cells and it's people gonna be
like what about prison is cute whoa I
never I never thought of a hotel and
anything bad about a prison going hand
in hand right sits Europe everything's
kind of cute nothing's like heavy and
super serious okay so then I walk in
expecting to see like Oh cute little
jumpers maybe maybe like not even the
orange ones that we see back home like
those the white jumpsuit the white yet
the widen in in black jumpsuits that's
what I'm expecting to see super cute
stuff we walk in and you meet
Italy I see this this desolate fucking
cold
creepy Silence of the Lambs looking
fucking Hotel you don't think it looks
cool uh as a museum that I get to walk
through learn and bounce not as
something where I'm gonna sleep and I'm
gonna hear like a fucking ghost go on
these railings with this fucking metal
couple dying okay well that's not even
the bad part
what the fuck is in here can we can walk
in here because you know I actually felt
way different so I also knew that it was
a prison hotel but when I came in I was
like oh cool this is like a real-life
version of Alcatraz so they have like
very who says oh cool I wanna sleep in
Alcatraz well because it's so historic
gonna look when are you ever gonna stay
in a prison hotel I never wanted that I
those no no my bucket list you know what
part may be really happy what flashback
with me when I first came in and when
you look at the front I'm like dude
there's nothing Prison about this place
you got Hellenized stones here you got
like this super dope tile but then when
I saw this door oh my god I was like
hold dizzy this isn't fucking legit look
how fucking victus doors if you got a
lock in here babe there's no way I'm
saving it there is no this thing is
heavy
what does okay so this is what our room
is now
so as you can see they kept with the
prison thing everything's very
monochromatic you know what these stairs
remind me of it reminds me of the stairs
when like let's say there's like a
big-ass like JLo fight and then all the
prison guards and come out with their
like SWAT outfits and that the come
storming down I feel like these are the
exact stairs II with that Pleasant to
sleep because it's not real life it's
like we're living in a Disneyland well I
want to received isn't it not to more
women are sleeping if we're only
standing for night last a you have a
cold one
okay this is okay this is the scene this
is like real like Jay Leno in jail like
you have your sink and your toilet out
but they did give us the courtesy of
putting this up so it blocks the toilet
well it takes up so much space well look
at the rest of this room
no pictures there's a barb
what is it window this is your favorite
part you talk about this is depressing
me it's not a bar window it is you
heartless
oh that bars are learning that that's
steel yeah we're done this thing called
it's barred window hard
listen Linda's freezing by the way holy
Sh this as soon as I opened it it feels
like I've opened a freezer to like a me
oh great storage place but yeah this is
awesome look at this the car heavy duty
this is if I was a prisoner you would
try to get yourself on some wire and I
night you wrap it and you're sorry
hopefully sorry it's cold all right you
look at this bed - I don't okay so this
is what threw me off - is so everything
here is monochromatic it looks very
separate depressing very prison like
right but then they put the happy he's
fucking most summer and spring cheerful
ass a hips blanket blanket alright well
let's look at the bathroom
so here's the bathroom damn not only
thing oh this is a small door okay now
this is creepy don't say that don't say
that what's creepy I hate black on white
polka-dots
what are you serious this looks fucking
great the showerhead
look all fucking creepy this is little
shut up well I like that there's tile in
here why I don't understand
you don't necessary cute this looks like
watermelon seats on a white watermelon
let me see this oh that's got a dried
good
murders don't say that oh I think you
have knee room and you said to poop I
think it's going to be a interesting
experience and we're only gonna be here
for one day not even a full day just
eight hours go explore now
Switzerland is the coldest country we've
gone to in Europe so far earlier we saw
fur coats on all the chairs and here
they have blankets every single seat has
a blanket it's pretty crazy to me
because even though it's freezing and
we're at a super high elevation they
still want to enjoy the beauty of what
is Switzerland and I don't blame them
because it's so gorgeous that I want to
be out here too but it's just crazy that
there's blankets that's how cold it is I
have never been to any other country
where they provide blankets at a
restaurant I want to hug you so bad
come here little Swami Swami what he
likes us
aren't you amazed that they're not cold
I am absolutely amazed and I'm also
amazed to find out when they're tipping
over there look right now what he's
mooning us its feet it's wet feet are
black I thought they were like orange
like their beak he's moaning that
imagine it just project some poopoo at
us like get away what I like about it
since they're their eyes are on the side
it always looks like they don't trust
you to do what really
they can't look head-on does it go like
so I am absolutely in love with the
European Christmas market so this
Christmas market is a brand new concept
something I didn't even know existed and
basically they're just a bunch of
different I guess little shops and it
looks like they're mom and pops you'll
find a lot of arts and crafts a lot of
food a lot of beverages and you just
walk up to said little shop and then you
buy what you want and they set up little
tables along the way where you're
standing and you're consuming your drink
or you're eating your food and they have
like a bunch of local street food so I
am so excited and I hope hope hope hope
hope that Ellen gets something like this
because it's so beautiful and it brings
the community together and I'd love to
see everyone entering the league out
here because there's old there's young
there's life everyone's here you know
this is so beautiful but I kind of feel
like it's not going to work in LA and
I'm not trying to burst your bubble it's
because la people are losers so like
it's fucking freezing right now it's
like 10 degrees Fahrenheit yes
if you thought if you throw water and
it's probably gonna freeze you see that
and people are out and about and they're
loving this and Elvis is not deter
anyone yeah in LA it could be 60 degrees
yeah the slightest bit of wrinkle
everyone just go
let's see RAM RAM remember that one time
we did a club event it was a supposed to
be a really poppin night and just
because it started sprinkling like
everyone and the club's indoors you just
have to walk around the car inside the
club Network they don't even know how to
do that mr. Baumer because this place is
so beautiful if you can just hear all
the toys like everyone's super happy
it's all laughs every time they give it
a good time buying you know things from
their local artists and craftsmen and
it's so cool it's such a cool community
event and this only happens during
Christmas it's awesome so I guess for my
Asian people are they it's kind of like
a night market but it's only sits it
sees a little more people wanna market
yeah this is a European one market yeah
this is amazing I can't wait to eat I
just noticed something that's really
cool and right behind me are three
different cuisines Tibet Russian and
Slovenia and I haven't tried any of
those three so I'm kind of curious but
we're gonna have to see it what so we
order the first dish we got is serbian
and it's called cevapi chi and this is
the first time in my entire life I
ordered something without knowing what
the fuck it was so I was asking them but
there's such a huge language barrier
because they're not only in Switzerland
but their Serbian so we don't speak
anything I was just like that's one and
so what it looks like is a bunch of
sausages I don't know it could be lamb
chicken pork beef whatever there's like
some sort of sauce cheese and then I
think I saw him put some sort of
coleslaw looking theme so I don't know
what it is it could be camel for iron
out for all I know
so here's the moment of truth
it is really good right you got tired
try to get a piece a lot of meat and
everything it's pretty good
isn't it good it's so well-seasoned has
great balance irons wish I knew but I
was eating you had the bread is soft but
I really don't know who the meat is very
soft how does it feel to eat something
you have no idea what it is amazing
because in my mind is not fucking me up
so I hope I never find out what will
look it up online is really good I
thought this recipe was gonna be spicy
but it's not
yeah it's bomb it's really good it's so
well seasoned for all my Serbian peeps
if you know what I said up peachie is
let us know the comments blogs I have no
idea what it is
it could be fried rats I don't know next
up we got some Tibetan food so this
really piqued my curiosity because Tibet
is in the greater part of China so I was
like this is just Chinese food but
rebranded differently so I had to try it
to see if the seasoning was different
and then as I walked by I heard them
speaking what I thought was Tibetan and
then I heard him speak Mandarin to each
other with a crazy accent so I asked
them I'm like hey do you guys speak
Chinese and they're like yes we do I'm
from Tibet she's from Tibet and it
sounded legit and their faces doesn't
look like normal sir typical Chinese
faces on the eye this is legit so this
one is a meat dumpling and let's see
what they're very Momo yeah which is
crazy cuz in Chinese is childhood or has
nothing yeah it's way different like two
different languages and what's that
dipping thing I have no idea it's red
hmm
it looks really hot or it's really cold
I hear there's a lot of steam happening
here mmm it tastes very similar to
Chinese food which is I know a lot about
but the only difference is I usually
when you get Chinese when you get
dumplings you either get like pork with
cabbage or pork with leeks or pork with
whatever and they kind of took all three
different types of seasonings of
dumplings and put it into one so it's
really good but a very fresh take on
dumplings and that was the first time in
my entire life that I ever even saw
Tibetan person in real life and I
thought that was hella cool high five
fair ball no your time baby
oh shit how about half bottle whole body
don't let it drip on my scarf I'm gonna
freeze
what you think house like Ethiopian
flavors yeah there's some spices that
I'm liking can't really quite put my
finger on or some spices on there it's
really like tomato
what's a Ethiopian and Indian it kinda
has like a like chicken tikka masala
type of like flavoring yeah it's good it
just tastes like a Chinese dumpling
Meazza try the vegetarian one it doesn't
taste like a little bit more exotic
because you know it's a bit it might be
the dipping sauce oh I didn't try it
without it that's the vegetable one
right hmm oh and I bargained with them
Americans get five dumplings oh yeah
I should have your Asian you know the
bargain and I said can I get three of
these and two of these he's like yo Mike
hell yeah this is spicy its what was it
quote to you was it cool to you to me
Tibetan people for the first time was
that the first time that you met been
people I've never met person ever like
ever so that was really cool to see on
the difference in a face because they
don't look like any Asian I've ever seen
ever yeah it looked like a cross between
like a Japanese person for the Chinese
person a Korean person maybe even Kazakh
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it was like
that one little known fact is that
because if you view China from the
Western world China Western world's all
about divide and conquer
but Tibetans are actually considered
Chinese so there's more than 56
different ethnicities in China and Tibet
is just one of them Mongolian is one of
them there's a ton of them I think when
people refer to Chinese in the modern
day they're referring to the Han Chinese
and that is just one one ethnicity of
Chinese are so many different kinds
which is why you'll find Chinese people
I look Korean I look Japanese I look
whatever and it's really cool I was able
to meet one other type of Chinese person
and he's
bear high-five
so we were on a quest to find some hot
cocoa because in Switzerland that's what
they're known for
and unfortunately we didn't get the hot
cocoa fresh I did see that in these
stands they did use a package so here it
is but it's really cute cause you put
cream on it which is whipped cream cream
and then they added chocolate sprinkles
in it so moment of truth with package
hot chocolate might be cold cocoa now to
gonna so cold out here well I like it
so I already like I already don't like
chocolate yeah because milk chocolate to
be specific just because it's really
very sugary and it's too sweet for me
but this one it's instant chocolate and
they make it with milk so it's not as
rich and sweet so I like it a little bit
more on the bitter side I guess it has
more dark chocolate and dark chocolate
properties than milk chocolate so for
that I like it but I still don't feel
like I got my hot cocoa you know what's
one thing that I've noticed about hot
cocoa in a lot of European countries is
that they like to put a heavy whipped
cream on top
yeah and that whipped cream once it
settles into the hot cocoa it's almost
that's the theme that kind of creams
creams is so it gives it a thicker
consistency and it's really smooth yeah
what about the Belgian waffle okay so I
didn't want Belgian waffles mother
wanted it yeah and I'm glad he did we
waited like ten minutes for these they
made it
excuse me I just burped oh they made it
fresh and they added cherries
warm cherries and then they were like
cooking it in like it's juices so warm
berry juices cherry juices with powdered
sugar on it and I'm gonna try it
Chloe I want to eat it too right I know
it's gonna be fresh cold wall thank you
the yummy heaven we're gonna eat it
right now cuz it's warm here right now
alright I may use my hands
there's juices so it's gonna drip what
the heck
no what the heck yeah
matters it was the powdered sugar
powdered sugar inhaled it's not like the
cinnamon challenge and I went all the
way this is mom yes so it's a really
light batter it's it's the perfect
amount of sweetness for me and the
cherries actually provide a lot of
sweetness but it has a very organic and
fresh feeling to it this waffle grazing
you know the UM the Hong Kong waffle
yeah it has that type of crispy and
flakiness I've never had a Belgian
waffle like this before it's not a
crispy and it's kind of like that's
really really good this Belgian waffle
is pretty bomb diggity
we're gonna eat it before it gets cold
cuz we're freezing out here you need a
napkin
