good morning guys woke up in Rome today
it's our second day in Italy we just got
in last night hella tired crashed but
today I'm really really excited to see
one of the things that I've always
wanted to see my entire life which is
the vatican city and also the colosseum
and we're gonna go on a walking tour for
both so we're gonna go inside both of
them and that's gonna be fucking awesome
but the only downside is I heard that
they have really strict um
camera restriction so I'm gonna try to
record as much as I can obviously for
you and for me for my own personal
memories but I am super excited but
before we get into that this hotel room
is the creepiest fucking hotel room that
I've ever been and I'd actually had a
hard time sleeping last night cuz um
when I'm just laying in bed with all the
lights off there's this weird thing
right this looks kind of modern right
now but at night it starts glowing and
looks like this giant eyeball that she's
staring at me did you have a hard time
sleeping mother I was so jet-lagged or I
still I'm so jet-lagged
you're talking about people playing
music and being all loud and stuff
yesterday I did not hear a damn thing so
when I first walked in uh I initially
was like this is fucking creepy yeah
some murders were caught like like
happened in this room and there's
definitely a ghost here but last night I
was like I don't care I'm going to sleep
site knocked out I didn't hear all the
weird noises like the fence say that is
constant fans going on in this constant
like noise like this I get in the middle
night wait you better nobody likes me
you better be lying to me I'll shoot at
this in the middle of the night those
are rats oh really
you promise you hear that I heard it
stop don't tell me this stuff no no no
I'm serious I don't tell me this stuff
cuz if we go to still sleep here only
one more night but I feel like this like
oh shit you swear you were scared and
then afterwards I would hear deals in be
30 mm I mean yeah you're done oh yeah
alright that maybe they're just knocking
on doors like this all of these data
brawny none of I did hear noises oh but
I have to give props I have to give
props to the person that designed this
room because even though it's fucking
scary as shit like oh let me show you
the level of scary to some
talking about that you guys know you
know you're in a scary-ass fucking place
when you got shower knobs like that when
you got gangster old school shower knobs
that hasn't been polished people always
use knobs like this for murder scenes
look at this and the toilet didn't flush
what is that that was you fine fine so
this is scary ass place but I got to
give them props because they got mad
Italian pride this room is straight
Italian colors look at it green why red
I'm sleeping in an Italian flag you are
look at these fucking curtains Bobby I
just these curtains look all creepy they
are it's flowers no look at these
fucking curse these are haunted curtains
from I can't lie god this is fucking
freaky look at these fucking freaky as
flower current fuck it's fucking scary
and then you see this chair look at the
pattern on this chair that's fucking
death pattern oh my god you know you
know there are ghosts and souls in here
this is the freakiest hotel room I've
been in so far my bear oh no the one in
a same burger same brown Taylor shit
gorge we're a Germany Oh st. goar oh god
I'm horrible this gorge John was pretty
creeps for sure I know sounds way
creepier I don't know why you keep
emphasizing you know I'm scared
you're gonna it's gonna be cut camera
and then it's the frickin sun's gonna
set not to sleep calm and think of all
this shit you just said you're the worst
that I'm just explaining what freaked me
out put it outside see it away from me I
still gotta sleep here I'm fine sorry
well on another note I'm very very
excited to see two of the things that
have been on my bucket list for millions
of years even though I haven't done for
that long
but I'm really excited to go see them
so right now we're inside a st. Peter's
Basilica inside the Vatican City and I
think hands down this is the most
magnificent interior of almost any
ancient building that I have ever been
in it's just so breathtaking I'm
actually surprised that we're able to
talk and stuff like this because me and
MA bear we've been in a lot of other
like holy buildings and usually have to
be polite you can't take pictures or
anything like that so it's really cool
that I am able to but I've seen this
part in a lot of movies I think angels
and demons and it's just amazing to be
in a place where popes have been for
centuries
it's right behind me it's crazy like if
if I was allowed I would want to just do
20 cartwheels of 50 backflips and start
screaming because I'll get arrested and
probably shot and this isn't safe this
is a wet seat st. Peter's Basilica okay
so this is the st. Peter's Basilica
would be my mind registers that is a B
um and we are currently on what are we
where are we right now
we are on land no what is this place
called oh we are in the Vatican Vatican
City yes I don't know my mind right now
is all forms of jacked up we are in the
Vatican City it was a holy experience
maybe uh maybe so I don't really know
too much of this I don't know too much
of this area I was this is what's crazy
to him is gonna be really funny I was
raised I don't know what stuff than you
that your race because you were cheating
so he cheated and he knows more right
now because while he was pooping he was
looking stuff up so that's not fair
Wikipedia so the only thing I know that
happens here is the Pope spent it the
Pope visited now design uh pull is I
saying the only thing I know that
happens here parents jr. so the Pope is
here and then they elect their next
popery
aubry papacy Oprah's about the budget
kidding yeah I'm kidding I'm kidding
you're winning I promise I'm kidding I
swear die I don't mean a than anyone I'm
Catholic I'm only kidding but no I know
that they lock them up here and that's
the way our tour guide races because
it's a weird tour guide describe it hold
on because back in the day they would go
to different cities and then they would
take their time to vote who they want to
make the next pope and then one end up
happening was they would take one two
years kind of taking advantage of that
little town not to say that they did
anything bad but they were like wait a
minute this process taking way too long
so they gathered everyone that elects
you know the
hope and then they were saying okay well
where do you guys want to hold this
meeting and then they said and then they
said what do you like that yeah to like
the next pope and then they were like
all right well we picked the Sistine
Chapel which is on which is in the
Vatican City so that's the extent of
what I know and I think they vote for I
think maybe six days seven days off
obviously had to go to church the
Sistine Chapel oh no this isn't it but
it's no I said it's on the premise yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah no I said that
uh uh the same meters me I'm trying to
shoot it no no no I know that I know
that but I'm just saying we're standing
in the Vatican City yeah but you also
brought us Sistine Chapel I don't know
what because isn't it here well it's not
here it's like all the way over there
right but is it still in Vatican City
yes cuz I don't really know anything
okay
but hold on I'm trying to I'm trying to
show them that I know what I'm talking
about
so then they said well we want you to
have a lot to make out because we're
married and in the eyes of the Catholic
but they don't know that because I don't
have rings so they're not gonna know God
knows it empty Hey so so then what
happens is they said hey well we want to
meet in the Sistine Chapel we'll be
locked up there and then we'll choose
and then once they choose then they go
outside of one of these buildings be
glass out at this one now yeah yeah he
goes is this really wanted oh this one's
newly I'm going to help you go outside
which I'll show you later
they go on top of this balcony and then
to express to the whole world this is
the new mofo that you listen to I was
gonna about to say the other word but
we're in a holy place you wanna do that
you can't we could still make out
because we're married yeah yeah Papa
okay oh my god you have to look at this
not the curtains behind me those are
just curtains but but if we walk this
way so what is amazing is behind you I'm
not gonna turn the camera on yet but as
please my channel before go - oh thank
you so that's also nope not what's
amazing
that's is that sound is amazing thank
you thank you god did you see that I'm
kind of cool - okay so as we're walking
here it's already magnificent and huge
what we're looking at directly in front
of us which is the main altar as we walk
by each one of these marches and pillars
that's even more breathtaking so you
don't when you walk in you don't really
see everything you kind of just see like
that main that main altar the beginning
whore geez but then as you walk by
there's these arches that kind of have
its own like sub magnificence get up
there there's someone walking up wow
what wow is he taking love that's crazy
I don't even know you go there's one up
there's one even higher than that where
yeah there's one like there's one right
I'm sorry I didn't mean a Cosi but what
I wanted to swear I wanted to show is
that you see that gleam of light coming
in that is a gorgeous
what can you imagine so like back in the
day when they made this place probably
like 1500 or 1400 I don't know I don't
know specific dates you sound smarter
than me but back in those days can you
imagine the holy experience that you
feel cuz nowadays like we all kicky why
everyone was so devout
yeah cuz we wake nowadays we know we
learn about like basic science you know
in elementary school yeah but back in
the day when you walk by and you just
see this and you're walking on a holy
building thank God's real it's like God
is here yeah God is real but
the other side of my brain goes but what
happens when the Sun sets there's no
electricity in ear it's probably even
more gorgeous where's the light source
they let all the candles and stuff oh
well I hope hey Moe there's a guy right
behind him what are you doing anything
go look over there
I think he's going west Sun oh it's so
beautiful it's so realistic he's just
taking laps up there
who that guy yeah that's mattis I can't
believe would you be afraid to be that
high because I know you're afraid of
heights
I am deathly afraid of heights but I'd
beat down and go up there just because
it's a once-in-a-lifetime thing I'm down
to a lot of ink oh yes can we expose
let's go lose everything so directly
behind me if you know your Bible studies
is the tomb of st. Peter and he is
commonly regarded as the first pope and
he's buried underneath here which is
magnificent so I was a part of Buddhist
but I can really appreciate Christianity
Catholicism because it's so embedded
into the modern Western world so when I
see stuff like this it's like almost
like reading about fairy tales and then
coming true it's so beautiful I like
back in the days like an Italian
architecture and art they always use
24-karat that's where Bruno Mars guy so
now 24-karat magic in the ground say
Peters down there so dis rule what no no
no anyway yes
he's buried here how beautiful is this I
just show him how tall this building is
okay ready
look at that look at that I think he's
getting honest tippy-toes you can ignore
Bart holy moley
that is crazy
oh my goodness what was the guy who was
the guy walking up there right yeah but
just to put it into perspective where we
are in relation to where you saw us
we're only halfway in the st. Peter's
Basilica there's still an entire half of
where the altar is this is just where
Peter is buried god this is so beautiful
- you're right there is an actual
service going on there's someone down
there probably a cardinal or
someone I don't know the traffic terms
chanting we are priests and then bring
you that name and then right behind you
is the main altar isn't that glorious oh
my goodness Game of Thrones decoration
has nothing on this place
this place is amazing you know what's
crazy I see this place and and in all
its glory and it makes me it makes me
weak in the knees but when I first feel
super insignificant yeah it's such oh my
god I can't even get past the idea that
so right now I can fathom how this just
constricted right because I'm thinking
okay they had a hot like they had
scaffolds they had like machine
caterpillar caterpillar company come in
with us good then I snapped myself out
of it I'm like no they just had in
humans like they didn't have any of the
fancy technology they had people roaring
they didn't have hard hats they were
wearing leather sandals with freaking
rope belts like and rice sack how did
you shirts how did we decline as a human
race from something so grand and
beautiful to what we have known well
granted we'll say that they had more
time than we did
that's all we didn't have as many
distractions as we head back in the day
cuz I you yeah you would think in a
modern day with all the technology that
the holy buildings like churches and
cathedrals would be even more
magnificent right because they're able
to build Vegas hotels because hire those
guys to build your church
ever as near as even though yeah there's
no word the freaking moon apana Mamula
papa was
however she knows you know kiss
you
you
Wow
from st. Peter all the way that is
amazing
I don't even know what that means it's
Latin in some ways the papacy was able
to keep better records and the monarchy
because religious people were the only
ones that knew how to write
yep it's the truth so they had really
really good records like the list of the
Pope's up just like they kept a record
of like their first all the way to the
current length
the Pope's were judge Cooper's rings is
big damn they had some sausage fingers
levy goes on their toes Touring's maybe
doesn't need to go anywhere we're just
saying stupid where does it go these are
USANA machine number three number three
number three number three
it's an Italian perfect awesome
so the Italian tolerates more ignorant
no I think they were giants so we just
walked out of the Sistine Chapel and
unfortunately we're not allowed to
record him there but it is amazing and I
think it no pictures can do it justice
no and the reason why I know a lot of
people say that I don't we just can do
it justice it's probably because they
snuck out taking pictures but the reason
why pictures really can't do it justice
the way that Michelangelo painted the
ceiling it almost looks like there's
light that flash in the bottom of going
up so there's this lining effect and all
those 3d yeah all the images on the
ceiling perfect it looks like it's come
about yeah it does in a heads up like
really seared it because if you feel
panicked open all of these designs they
come off the wall right so there is that
three-dimensional element to it but on
the sistine channel
this is theme or channel 16 no on the
Sistine Chapel there is nothing that's
popping out units all done Speer trading
and
lucien yeah magnifique and which is why
i like all cameras they they kind of
flatten out the images so it looks a lot
flatter than it is but actually this
stuff that's a pin to all the white
things those are all those are all
paintings so they can imagine as real or
original though so you can just imagine
if this by some buster
or he looks good he could only imagine
the famous Michelangelo hooking it up
you got skills yeah y'all need it come
on here so we are walking through one of
the many many hallways of the vatican
city and there are just endless amounts
of hallways and it's huge Wow the Pope's
use the power lift what is that is that
an ancient catholic barbell yeah 50 ma
presser
a la balancer a barbell ah no wonder
their fingers are so huge putting two
and two together oh yeah so we're
walking through all the hallways and
what's crazy if you loop down yeah this
hallway you see a bunch of other
archways right but it looks like it's a
mirror effect like it doesn't look like
it's real like you're really walking
through it you just looks like it's a
mirror reflecting off of another mirror
into another mirror
there are endless amounts of poly this
place is a palace gorgeous I may be
surprised if there's like thousands and
thousands of these things my bear can
you believe that we're just walking next
to a bunch of holy relics like these are
rings of past Pope's cups of past Pope's
all those are all idea okay here we go
but like like look at this look
sculptures metal objects jewelry tablets
that's the that's the old-school iPad
babe look at that
that's the og iPad is right here and
that is the iPad Mini yeah all of these
things were items and relics from back
in the day oh my goodness this is
amazing I thought this place was like
nothing ever happened to it what do you
mean oh no they were trying to get
attacked by the barbarians and they
built up these like crazy wall so that
they could stay protected inside here so
I'm like wait what did those things come
from so what happened was um the Pope
they in the papacy didn't always have
the Vatican City yeah and they used to
actually go to war with a lot of people
even Italy itself Italy the kingdom you
see yeah the Italy the Italian Kingdom
yeah
noise in here I'll continue outside so
you guys outside
okay this sounds better we are now in
the garden and it's in the middle of the
vatican's I don't it's in the middle
actually I don't don't even look at me
okay it's one other than me it's one of
the many gardens in the Vatican City how
many I think through it someone said
sixteen but I don't know if that was a
tour guide or if a mom was like how many
ice creams do with me the gate in the
kid or like sixteen and just let you
know we just started this tour and with
the tour guide and I don't understand
exactly the the microphones were messed
up so where's her English so her English
was really bad and the microphones were
messed up fine are nothing but the tour
is over so I got bits and pieces of
information about the beautiful Vatican
City but please double-check the facts
if you want to learn more all we can do
is just share our beautiful experience
in the fun that we had with you guys and
we and we log these memories so all I
know is this is one of the many gardens
that are of the Vatican City and they're
supposed to be 16 of them but back to
what we were talking about earlier about
all the relics being rediscovered yep so
um those relevant tell me that the Pope
or the potpourri week that's the
bathroom freshmen the papacy you tell me
that the BBC would go into world yeah so
the papacy so back in there you guys
know about the Crusaders where the
Crusaders fought for the papacy so or
they fought for Christianity but it's
usually the Pope calling the shots and
so they were going to Wars all the time
and so that's that's how they would lose
like different relics and objects and so
when when when you're on the winning the
the winning the winning part of the war
that's how you're able to get your stuff
back and then I think it was it was
barely until 1920 something where
Mussolini granted the papacy the Vatican
City finally so we're the read a lot
while your poo I why did so so the
papacy used to be in the Vatican City
and they would expand their power into
the Italian government of course you
know there's always that a battle
between church and state so the talent
government I know that's part of Italy
and the papacy is like no it's part of
our religious control so to go out and
in and out and in and and move different
places
exactly and then finally Mussolini was
like we're gonna put in a bad
considering once a fraud boom that's it
and they've been living here since then
and I think there are six hundred about
six hundred inhabitants in here and
they're pretty much all this whole place
that's it that's it and then they're all
religious people clergymen there's only
like one nun a bunch of Cardinals and a
bunch of Swiss Guards so that's the
Swiss car is a Switzerland government
mercenary group that has designated be
bodyguards for the papacy and all that
religious people in here damn yay for
poops yeah yay for poops but this is one
of the gardens and it's incredibly
beautiful and there are there are
beautiful structures and sculptures from
all over the world from Egypt from Asia
from ancient Rome there's all kinds of
stuff so this is pretty much it on to
the Colosseum oh yeah all right just
kidding one last thing that we have to
document before we go to the Colosseum
is st. Peter's Square so we were all the
way on the inside and we walked it on
the Vatican City but this is one last
magnificent structure that we have to
see and I think this is where they have
the angel and demon scene and it is Hugh
Monde boy but it's gorgeous
it is look at this so from here there's
Roman columns that go all the way around
all the way all the way around all the
way until you have boom the st. Peter's
Basilica that being do you see that
little window right in front of us
though yeah so there's there's windows
up on the top row but there's only one
that has like a rectangle like a little
balcony yeah with some sort of like
picture on it yeah yeah yeah that's when
the Pope is chosen and hasn't chosen
that's where they come out and they
greet and there's thousands and
thousands and thousands of that fill up
this whole closet is whole square yeah
and then they're like run
cheerful yeah popes are literally like
rock stars because even what we're
talking about before where the Pope's
back in the day these score from city in
a city to have the election and the
different churches I would accept them
they were like so happy though oh hell I
will meet a meet and greet yeah yeah
yeah yeah and it finally like what
you're saying they finally okay cool you
guys are traveling way too much let's
just lock a mall they don't wait too
long
like waits on to choose a polka
sometimes it take a couple years like
they're saying yep boom it's done
here in the Sistine Chapel but the st.
Peter's Square it is no joke I can stand
here and just stare at it the what
display nativity Liz that uh it's like
uh how like Jesus was born and like in
like a barnyard and all that stuff Wow
you do know some stuff I don't even know
if I described that person but I just
know that it's empty like little fast
Annette that it then it's empty up until
Christ is born and then they put the
baby Jesus in there
and then you later that's when the three
meetings come and then they give their
gifts but for the Mexican we just leave
a shoe out stock except the shoe you
know what you just redeemed yourself and
because of that you get a kiss yes
Oh Nell dipinto di Blu Felipe de
Starla's su Evo la voz Olav awfully
cheap in alto del Sol a tank or abuse su
mente realm on Dogen pianos par even on
tonneau lat cute una musica Dolce Sunna
vassal tanto / me
come sorry oh I can't believe this but I
have to believe it because I'm on it so
there's physical proof we obeyed our
Ariel it's real the Colosseum the Roman
Coliseum in Rome and that's where Roman
Colosseum czar her Daniel but it's in be
Colosseum in the Rome and B Italy and I
can't believe that we're actually in a
place where history happened or all
these history happens in places but I
just can't believe that were in a place
that has so many thousands of years of
history yeah houses the people I learned
this stuff back in high school I learned
this stuff in a movie called gladiator I
learned some stuff there too what did
you learn
um I learned that Russell Crowe lost his
wife and then was a prisoner of war and
it was forced to fight for his life
is that a real story or is that uh no I
said Russell Crowe okay fine so yeah so
that's the death - awesome thing that
you learned but we also learned a bunch
of stuff um in today's walking tour and
one of them that was major is that every
single modern arena was modeled after
this place it was and you know where the
arena comes what where so at the at the
I guess the foreground with the
gladiators and the animals and stuff a
fight yeah big wood put wood and then
underneath the wood they would put a
layer of sand and nine inches of sensory
nhsn underneath the sand is where all
the animals and the fighters and the
gliders and prisoners would stay before
they would start fighting yeah so then
every single day so many deaths would
happen that blood would absorb or the
sand would absorb the blood yeah and
that's what the US Africa's in Latin it
means the wrong it is uh I don't know
yes and then that's where you get arena
yeah so some of the sand yeah it's kind
of like they use like the building
blocks of like a building like a brick
and they use that building block to call
out the entire building we're just
walking around in circles right now cuz
we want to show you you want to show you
everything and there are a ton of places
let me let me just sit down for now
let's just sit down right here real
quick
so yeah this place is so beautiful all
the modern-day originals are built from
our model after this place and uh what
are these they also said that this place
fills 50,000 people you know and they
can empty 50 thousand people in 15
minutes because they have 80 archways at
the bottom and they're all number just
like a modern stadium you don't even see
em there's numbers yeah he got it
literally from that what he would do
they would get pieces of broken clay
yeah I mean that clay would give you a
number right that number was associated
to the particular archway because
there's eight of them like you mentioned
yeah and then so they would know what
arch were to walk in they had a row
number and a seat number I can't believe
they thought of this thousands of years
ago right yeah it's so fucking crazy
we can I kiss you although this place
isn't holding yeah sorry if i if it is
holy to people yeah so that's so pretty
so many things that we learn about this
and um I think they're in this period of
time where they had a hundred games
three-day games yeah they were saying
they killed 1,000 people so they had one
death every five minutes and they killed
nine thousand animals in that crazy it's
fucking sad but it's also fucking crazy
but it's like you know why don't we put
a dog who has porcupine just because we
can and we were curious to see what
happens
yeah so I highly recommend coming here
to and the below we also were shown like
the inner workings of or the under
workings of the Colosseum and they had
how many elevators like 50 or something
uh 60 60 elevator so people operating
changes like this entire okay you're
jacking the arrow no it was changed and
so they had like this entire under
working labor force that they really
know about five hundred people would
work daily yeah cuz it was completely
covered so I am still in I heard all
these stories I can't believe I'm
bleeding up against yeah this fucking
brick that is me this is amazing this
everything that you thought of and more
I know it's more than what I thought of
because I didn't realize so it even took
I think it took like eight years
build this thing eight thirteen years
and I'm just a fuckin crazy that is only
eight years only ears yeah so um cuz
they didn't have those giant building
machines yeah so to build something this
humongous like if you can fit fifty
thousand that's a modern-day stadium
modern-day stadiums are like fifty
thousand yeah so if you can build if he
built something up to house modern-day
population in eight years I don't know
if our stadiums or eight years homes as
well I don't know that's a whole
different story just because there's
permits there's a whole bunch of other
stuff so I wouldn't even compare it but
at that time with the technology that
they had they were super sorry I'm
perfect
they were super efficient and and they
just got it was amazing
yeah I'm still in awe I'm just walking
around taking into the entire place
looking at all the arches and listening
to all the history it's it's very very
beautiful oh one final thing alright so
when you look at the building you just
see a bunch of holes and people think
it's because of the world war two and
there's like it's like from shrapnel or
fragment but it's not it's actually this
entire place was covered and marble
before but then afterwards people they
stole the marble they broke it off and
that's why it looks all kind of like
like da land and holy yeah holy as in
like religious but holy as it holes yeah
and so all the marbles gone but can you
imagine like if the Sun were to hit this
place at this entirety was a white
marble would be cleaned yeah beautiful I
guess one final final thing is the fact
that you've been talking to a seriously
I can see from the corner my everyone's
just like behind us doing a bunch of
funny shit what are we doing I don't
know but they were doing like faces or
there were just they just wanted some
they just wanted some YouTube time I
guess the again was distracting well you
get the YouTube time yeah yes
so Bart things why are you putting the
blame on me if it's wrong it just sounds
a little bit
but you could do it I don't know okay it
only makes sense because the arena is
there and over here we have all these
steps I don't know but I feel yeah just
like that I mean you gotta keep in mind
bees aren't these are ancient structures
at the are bleachers then look at how
tiny these people work like they must
have been really really petite cuz I
feel massive right now you know back in
the day you'd be considered a giant
probably is like an advertised the
average height was like five three back
then oh shit yeah so if you're fiving
five six was the old six feet yeah well
they were tiny I'm huge I'm still huge
not sure that these are steps so we'll
have to google it later it kind of sucks
that they even have to have a sign like
this long wall so um there are it
already sucks when people are putting
graffiti on public transportation on
public buildings but this is history
guys I don't even think they should have
been necessary I think all of us just in
our humanity we should be able to
respect those that have been here
already and we cannot duplicate this so
those of you guys out there that are
still you know tagging doing graffiti
and marking up stuff please just stop
especially on things that we can never
reproduce again that's so sad come on
guys so if you look down there at every
single one of those arches just like a
modern-day stadium they used to sell
food and snacks down there and also
what's even crazy that kind of blew my
mind back was that they had the names of
gladiators on beer cups so that was when
merchandising the modern-day jersey with
the name and you buy like Kobe's jersey
for 200 bucks modern-day merchandising
was also invented here and that blew my
mind I couldn't believe that they had
such a sophisticated sporting system and
the gladiators were ballers they could
buy their own freedom even after they
won
because that's how much money they made
it's not phrase
