what up guys we are at a concentration
camp in Dachau Germany one of the first
and behind us is actually the wall the
perimeter of the concentration camp and
this is one of the most deeply saddening
stops on our tour because we learn about
stuff like this in history and I think
reading it on paper yes feels way
different than walking through the
actual crematorium physically seeing the
gas chamber seeing the steps of having
the prisoners disrobe and then tricking
them into thinking they're gonna take a
shower and then filling the chamber full
of gas and then immediately throw in two
three bodies into the crematorium and
it's so so sad yeah I mean I've read
about this before I've seen movies and
just being here that energy is I can't
even describe it it's like a really
heavy feeling yeah and then as soon as
you walk in you see these big huge open
up like work fields and you can just
imagine like when we saw groups of
tourists come in like you can imagine
those are the groups of prisoners are
coming off the train coming in here to
work and you see the clothes out there
wearing like I'm wearing some expensive
action I'm still cold as fuck yes and if
they're wearing like the tattered
clothes they must be freezing
malnutrition and then they're they're
working their asses off and everyone is
super underweight and they're pretty
much just coming in here just to work
till their death and Dachau is one of
the first concentration camps that's
open authorities in Germany we all hear
about Auschwitz in Poland but that's
later on Hitler started building them in
Germany first but um I think it's it's a
the reason why they still kept it open
is it's a memorial and it's a reminder
to us not just to Germany but to all
human beings to never let anything this
heinous happen again so as we're walking
through as saddened and
as a heavy as heavy as we feel we're
still taking it all in and kind of pay
in that respect that's due and I know
yeah and it's different as we are all
all are culturally or ethnicity wise
like just staying in that room like I
can feel the feelings that I can only
imagine that they were feeling like that
that that's one thing that connects all
of us you know like our emotion our
heart our fear our happiness our sadness
like like I I don't need to understand
what they're saying like I could feel it
and and and I'm so grateful that
something like this is still around
because it's like it's like it's all
about love guys like it's one love
really yeah if you guys are ever here I
highly recommend coming here because
what you read in books does it no
justice when you actually walk through
the rooms you really get to put
yourselves in the prisoners shoes and
you really are able to see what they had
to go through
yeah
Austrian street food number one and it's
called
key here but it's spelled with the ki
ACH now yes are you ready yes so it
looks like it's like a like a pastry or
some sort like a banana I mean I only
got a donut but anaphase me what the
hell uh there's powdered sugar ease your
mind um ah I'm sorry
add some berries so they just fried it
it's just deep-fried I'm gonna take a
bite
okay you literally you're going up so
fuck the forks now below we're going
Barbera next AHA everyone else's you it
was just with their hands no see okay
I'm gonna give it to you try it Tommy
it's literally a donut turn it inside
out you didn't even get the berry I'll
bet let me let me try to hook it up a
little bit oh it's so warm
yeah they just deep-fried ate right in
front of us like Krispy Kremes
yep oh my dear Lord
it's literally what it looks like right
wall this steam look at that steam the
outside is crispy like a fresh doughnut
but the inside is different the inside
is kind of spongy so has a texture
between Krispy Kremes and bread yeah and
um the berries is nice because the whole
thing is warm yeah and the berries it's
perfect the hand off the double handle
okay let me hook it up will you hook it
up
oh yeah hook it up on the inside of it
oh yeah
it's delicious you look happy
oh oh
how is it I wash my hands huh how is it
pitch rate cause is very much sweet and
sour so it's perfect complement for the
powdered sugar and then the bread which
is like you said crunchy on the outside
soft on us and it's warms it hmm
I highly recommend it ki chal I forgot I
just learned the word sorry so we really
have no strategy as to how to attack all
this great street food behind us but we
are in Innsbruck Austria and there are
tons of street food we love food so
we're just gonna go from standard stands
with this one is sweet we might end up
with something savory after and I go
back to sweet who knows yeah we're gonna
share this we're gonna show this food
adventure with you guys
by
so behind us I think we just hit the
mother lode because it seems like a mini
food court in the middle of food court
there's a ton of different varieties
there is her sweet and savory I already
saw I scoped it out real quick you a
cheater you weren't looking well I don't
even know what they have to offer it all
right neither do i but in addition to
scoping it out I smell something really
ridiculous and what Mel's stinky so
mother yes
whoa you smell it no cuz I I was having
money I was being funny it's not similar
to stinky tofu not as potent but it's
definitely not as smell that I'm like
let me eat that it's more like what's
hot well now you know I'm excited yeah
it's time to get got it some Austrians
stinky tofu it might not even be a
secret ever I don't know what it is it
could be cheese or some sort is that
this reckless and close impression
cheese cheese
oh and then as you put him yeah how's
this with bacon okay
yeah it should have one yeah which one
is best
I think let's go
thank you which is cutting the bread and
right now and then there's a super hot
piece of metal over the cheese yes and
then it just melts the cheese what kind
of cheese it's okay like the cheese oh
so now she scrapes all the melted cheese
off like it's butter yes crazy just one
giant crowd of cheese almost like a
cartoon cheese
you know the cartoon goes like a big ol
slab of cheese that you never find other
stores yeah well these are actually
pretty common to in Mexico
oh really a big-ass geez yeah these big
wads of cheese and they'll even have
like a wax coating just to preserve it
for a little bit longer yeah but yeah I
remember my parents have by stuff like
this or like half of it yeah it would
stink up the whole fridge it does smell
kind of sneaky right now how do you feel
are you excited because I'm kind of
scared yeah I'm excited when I'm next to
it it's really delicious it smells
really good but far away I was really
scared I gotta show them this look at
justice is lien on the cheese it's
bubbling like lava I think that is crazy
and on this side we got the toast
getting toasted what kind of bread is
this it's a Finch gun is a special
aggress of a DJ how about your startup
Oh Naruto Oh and then we got bacon so
bacon sourdough and cheese sounds like
it's gonna be delicious hooking it up
and I'm sold but we're so lucky because
we have it thank you
because we haven't pulled out any money
so we barely pulled it out yesterday we
wouldn't been able to even do any of
this because they don't think hard
so note this out take money out alright
so here's the finished product
the melted cheese the grilled bacon the
grilled sourdough I'm not gonna lie this
cheese smells like a wet dog but I'm no
one to say anything because I love
stinky tofu I'm Taiwanese so I'm not
gonna judge anything by smell
I'm gonna judge it by taste
well liar it's very good the Jesus is
very aromatic it's unlike any cheese
that I've eaten before positionally
cheese I think in American cuisine it's
just dude as like a squishy aysia adds a
layer of flavors kind of fatty but it
doesn't really fill up your nose with
the smell this fills up your nose with a
very cheesy smell but it tastes really
really good you have to try it all right
so I want to give you guys the first
look I'm actually pretty
I'm actually pretty scared right now
just cuz everything that you described
sounds like something that has to be
acquired all of those things so here we
go get that cheese in there
it's pretty good right yeah I'm not
Merida at all I just actually really
delicious I think the cheese what made
it smelled so funky earlier is because
it's such fresh cheese that it's very
aromatic so we smelled it but actually
smells way worse than it tastes it's
actually like a pizza it's all to be
lost it is delicious
good call better good fucking call right
now I am feeling emotions that I'm not
even sure makes sense so I'm curious
excited and scared I'm curious because
all of this wood looks really delicious
specifically the mac and cheese over
there cuz I'm a big mac and cheese fan
I'm scared because the cheese outside of
the lame American cheese that I like
really crappy is the bakery that's the
fake cheese is so rich and it's salty
and it's in the flavors way more potent
that I'm just scared it's gonna taste
like feet and butt hole in my mouth but
that's real I'm scared you're telling me
he's scared a real cheese yes I'm very
scared
and I'm excited because I get to try my
favorite cheese mac and cheese from a
different country so I hope that made
sense you could right now I'm from in
all types of way yeah so I guess what
you're trying to say is you're seeing
mac and cheese but you don't want it to
be mac and feet I don't want to eat
Meghan feet or any mac and cheese let's
see how is it okay okay now is the
moment of truth is it mac and cheese Oh
Mac and eat but wait a minute maybe
before I try it I have to we kind of
threw a curveball at you guys because in
addition to the mac and cheese or mac
and feet we also got is this pasta that
is like in hostel yeah but it's like it
was finished well they make it would
spoil that's where the color come and
that is a it's kind of like milky here's
what they said I don't even know if I
said that right but I know it's yeah
yeah yeah like Vietnamese no and then
they recommended we add more cheese and
and crispy onions that's what you guys
are looking at okay
okay all right so here we go mac and
cheese oh mac antfee
Oh magum feet
no just Laura liar this is by far the
best mac and cheese I've had why are you
lying
wait a minute wait a minute are you
lying wait a minute because it's not
very cheesy what isn't that weird that's
so ironic cuz the last thing we ate was
hella cheesy hmm it's like one of the
cheesiest in their paper ate and what
fills it that makes me want to order it
again is the fried onion that's a great
touch under real on the RZA all right
here here turn alright let's try this
hmm I already like what I see because
the Mac part it's not the traditional
macaroni where like you know every
single shape is that perfect rainbow
yeah hole in it so you feel like it's
made from a machine yeah this attend
mate is every single thing is different
shapes or looks handmade it looks like
someone's Austrians grandma made it and
here's the moment of truth
mmm
a literally tastes like an Austrian
grandma made it cuz it tastes really
hearty it tastes like if I've been out
like plucking potatoes all day or
something I don't know that's what they
do I avoid the P words you're spitting
out your coins like if I was out doing
some work out in the cold and I come
back all frozen this is something I
would want to eat it has the same
feeling as when you eat clam chowder of
our bread bowl it just soothes your
heart and it just makes you want to wear
pajamas and get all cozy next to a
fireplace okay try the spinach pasta
spinach pasta with the cheese on it all
right
don't give me any cookies at the door if
it's a bit fits bad don't tell me if
it's bad out of it but I don't want to
know is that out of water I don't want
it I don't want it Oh your face your
face is scary
no because the reason why I had I was
gonna be wildered oh my god bewildered
is not a good word I don't want to use
that right no it tastes exactly the same
as the mac and cheese fuck it that's our
salsa but it tastes exactly the same but
it's just different colors my turn now
my turn
I like this little switch off camera
quickly flip okay can I try it without
the cheese first yeah
try without it it's only gonna taste
exactly the same texture and everything
right words I could taste a spinach i
school me call me girl and it's way more
salt ears way more flavorful let me try
it with the cheese now try with that
cheese that cheese that's right Gianni
oh yeah school me too all knowledge
that's mac and feet
oh that cheese like Parmesan cheese
though you don't like that real Parmesan
cheese are you surface it's a little too
much that's the part that I liked about
it
cuz um I love Parmesan cheese but every
time you go to like a pizza place in the
packets or it's in that white glass
thing and going for the clear gap glass
team it never tastes strong enough
because when you go to a real Italian
restaurant and they scrape
Parmesan cheese is stinky and that's the
stuff I like so I'm glad that they had
some
the Parmesan cheese I need a watch oh no
you're drinking the water on no you're
watching the flavor out all right I
might try the milk yeah what the that
was a big ass you missed it all right my
pork can't go through it so I think this
is finger food oh there we go that's not
that looks like french fries is not you
all right ma'am I think the Austrian
bridge I'm not because uh-oh this is
officer yeah traditionally to come up
with all Austronesian but the staple is
a mac and cheese that we're talking
about it
but at least you got what you wanted
this is the safest one it's kind of
bland but it's still very good because
the same grandma that made the mac and
cheese and the spinach feet made this
nothing I have an idea
how about I eat the green one with the
feet on it cuz you don't like it you can
have the mac and cheese and then we'll
finish it that way no I just won't eat
the meat part of this whatever this
spinach one is wrong okay fine I was
gonna be a good hubby and to make you do
what you like it I like
we're gonna finish off a little Austrian
street food tour with two hot drinks one
is a hot cranberry punch and the other
one I'm really excited for is hot
chocolate so rumor has it Austrian hot
chocolate is the mother fuckin shit so
I'm really excited for this I've never
seen hot chocolate with hot cinnamon
it's probably at the Pokemon yes
so um because I like hot chocolate I'll
probably drink that Mama Bear doesn't
like chocolate that much as we all know
which is kind of funny I don't watch it
like hot chocolate hey hey
and she'll have the cranberry puncher
whiskey you know what's really cool
about the cranberry what they ask you if
you want it with or without rum oh
really
yeah and which one did you get you all
free without rum oh really yes I don't
like hard liquor yeah um so earlier when
we had that Trudel thing whatever I
don't know what it is I'm so sorry that
the King King I all or something he had
the sack silent though the do this alone
I had that guy yeah I realize now too
late in the game but I realize now it
was cranberries I don't know if you knew
that but putting two and two together
bundle to carries with some they have
actual cranberries in here oh yeah so
once I saw that the locals are jerkiness
I'm like that looks really expect that
looks really delicious and it looks safe
so once I found out it looks safe I was
excited to do it but when I went to
order it they're like what without room
and I'm like I'm kind of curious to see
what it tastes like with rum I've again
I don't like liquor but when in a win in
Austria when in Innsbruck
is that delicious for real this is
delicious really this is so good
was it taste like this is delicious
thoughtfulness like what is it oh my god
it's literally delivery juice right so
it's literally cranberry just but the
fact that it's hot yeah
it gives it some different type of
properties where it's not so tangy it's
not soaked heart oh you're talking about
it your drink creme and it kind of um it
at least for me it dries out my mouth
like once I drink cranberry it dries out
my mouth but this because it warm it
makes me salivate so the the the saliva
mixed with that tart and stuff it makes
it super sweet you had the trust I'm
excited yet this try this I never know
how to describe food with this one
what's delicious
so I already like cranberry juice cuz
I'm the dude at the bar and that
everyone makes fun of because I'm
getting cranberry juice that way drink
alcohol so I already like cranberries
Oh what's really good is it delicious
yeah I can see why um
they were gonna ask you if you wanted
rum cuz it feels like it would fit right
in and this actually feels so not just
delicious but so heartwarming that like
if a kid was sick I would make this for
them yes like this warm drink to me it
has the same effect of drinking like a
warm ginger tea yes yeah
alright so now time for that I uh I'll
pass I'll pass on that way yes good you
got a choice I'm a mix in a little bit
of the whipped cream
I actually got one cause I asked with or
without cream and he said you want to do
it the austrian way yes and I said with
is that your jam is that your jam
it's really good but I don't know if
it's the best hot chocolate I've ever
had but also this is traditional day you
bright you have American people American
like I've had homies I hooked it up a
marshmallows all that crazy shit that
stuff is new-school this is a
traditional so maybe out of the
traditional hot chocolate it is very
very good
I just might drinking this I feel the
warmth going down my heart my cold
fingertips here you got to try this LEM
up I'm gonna try it
that's it I already don't like cocoa
powder because it's so bitter I made the
mistake as a kid I've seen cocoa powder
on my chocolate that could be why I
don't like chocolate what happened with
her a kid I know but I had a really bad
memory of it well anyway should it be a
story yeah okay let me mix that's I say
I had this one incidence with this one
Chinese guy and you know what I hate
Chinese from now on okay I'm gonna try
it here we go
I love this really this is really good
because it's not I think the thing I
don't like about chocolate is that it's
so it's so sweet I think it's milk
chocolate that I don't like boots you
don't have the funniest face ever ah no
no cuz no one no one says sweet with a
face of bitterness you're like you know
what it's so sweet you're always making
fun of me you're such a jerk but this is
delicious
it's very uh bless you
it's very natural chocolatey it's like a
little bit of chocolate in there you
know
you
you
