we're in Germany the more countries I go
to the more I realized how similar all
the different countries actually are ma
bear so we're at this rest stop and
there's a Burger King ad and it says
hunger and that's just normal English
which is hunger but it's also germen
under hunger maybe that's how you say it
I mean Burger King and then it goes
there I'm resthouse and I'm assuming
that means here is the place to rest or
rest house and then below it is his pink
and rest IRA I don't bun rice and Titan
and what I'm thinking that says is think
and rest and here is the Autobahn rest
station I would probably think tank is
like fill up your tank oh yeah yeah yeah
never mind
so Philip your take and rest and here is
the autobahn rest station like before
before traveling here yeah well you
don't think that's it
I don't know I have no idea I'm trying
to I mean that that sounds like it could
be it it sounds right I mean we could be
completely wrong but you're a mess house
what else could that mean like what give
it an accent what else could that mean
here I must have what you think that
means like Heil Hitler
I don't know
Gervin we don't speak German I know but
see like I'm what I'm trying to say is
the more places we were going to I start
to see all the different other language
routes that make up that is English
which is like a really fucked up
language and it's just cool that we're
actually much more similar much more
similar than we think and then then
different then train converse in here
Autobahn rest station that's good yeah
so I'm Way off our fellow Germans please
let me know that you're a fucking
American dick but I'm what I'm trying to
do you got a sense what's coming from
the heart I don't know when you put an
accent on it it sounds like you're
making fun no no I'm just trying to have
correct pronunciation one two I'm really
trying to involve myself just bring the
whole world together that my heart is I
feel that I fit let me see yeah I felt
it he's not lying
I love you my dear Queen burgers I
actually just read that off of the that
truck right there
Queen burger said of a man
okay Queen burger what are you gonna eat
for lunch I have no idea I'm just gonna
look at what is that it looks like it's
a buffet style so you pick whatever you
want to eat more have a look at the menu
you can have a make it fresh are you
going to get the hangover schnitzel for
the night searching for new potatoes are
you gonna get the day Russian Air Force
country look if you get again I have no
fuckin idea I wanted to breaded fish
with the news first
shouldn't you sure that's not a pork
cutlet maybe I don't speak it so I'm
just kind of like guessing how are you
gonna ask there's a ulcer certian it's
all word cuz I heard um schnitzel
I heard schnitzel just means breaded and
just breaded and fried
I heard ethyl means breaded and fried
it's just your nose back it up I know
cause of the lanyard I'm stuck on it Oh
so I heard I heard schnitzel just means
breaded and fried so um you know wiener
schnitzel - Lee doesn't make sense
because this is Wiener wiener predator
fried wieners but there's no breaded
fried wieners and we
where's all your stuff oh there is
there's a worse that's right there yeah
I don't like worse if we're loves it we
love sniffing I love Germany
I like your German accent hey it's Pam's
birthday today from the Bay Area
look at all these German beers Germany
are known for their beers maybe I should
get one just to taste it
life's beer Oh someone's wife made this
what it just is hell what does that mean
so you drink the beer you drink the
whites beer and you go to hell he'll
slice me hello
go to hell or maybe he'll means hello no
they say hello did you bend your head
around like an Indian what to do that
crazy yeah I did it mixing all the
coffee you're like hello here it's so
fucking you're so ignorant you're making
the most excellent item under Hispanics
you are so offensive a circle are you
gonna make we're gonna make enough now
nice are you gonna make fun of nuf
look another drink and make fun of it oh
whatever oh my god why would you say
that why would you're just making a turn
you're making fun of Australia that's
messed up you can't make one of people
have you guys ever heard the same when
in Germany you must try the fresh orange
juice I've never heard of that either
but I'm gonna try it because orange
juice never killed anybody
so here's some fresh orange juice
machine
and I think you just press it right
there hopefully it doesn't explode Oh
hold oranges my goodness Wow just
squeezing them and spraying this kind of
special actually just leaving orange
juice and then juice will just come out
oh yeah
orange juice oh yeah now I have a glass
of sexy orange juice but I would watch
it resist your mouth I'm a classic sexy
orange juice welfare color to DCs I saw
another similarity between Germany and
the states you want to know what it is
I'm trying to guess right now uh looking
around the room yeah well no need to
look further when I found it in America
we also used the word Magnum but this
one is describing chocolate ice cream
except in America we usually say the
word Magnum or for condoms the Trojan
condoms is the large big large throbbing
size kind of like when she has Mexico
kind of like that the condom would
probably fit over a magnet chocolate
stick like that
twice but here they use Magnum
or different way into magnum ice cream
uh yeah that looks pretty good
Magnum ice cream yeah I'm with it out
here not packing safe though
you're the queen burger
what up guys we are currently in Munich
or meeting a German uncle if you speak
the language I gotta set it all wrong I
think thank you Jim it's a new CH DN by
two dots over one of the letters yep I
kept seeing that on all the on the
street freeway signs yeah and I'm like
God we're way to get to Munich I don't
see it on the you're not lists oh yeah
yeah next and I was just mutant Mucha
Mucha Mucha I'm like where did it get to
this place we kept seeing Meucci yeah
but it's it's mutual Munich same thing
and we're walking to meet up with our
walking tour guide who's going to tell
us the history and all the sights and
sounds of this place so I can't wait to
share with you all the sights yep I
absolutely love old buildings like this
stuff like this with big-ass fucking
towers and cocks and big ass towers
I love to what a treat I love things
that are super historical and it just
looks magnificent because the thing that
makes me really really like them yeah is
um to be able to look at something like
a building like that that was made so
many years ago with way less technology
but we don't even build buildings that
grand anymore it just tells me the
amount of dedication and time that they
put into it and because of that it makes
me really really respect what they had
going on back then that's why I really
liked stuff like that
here is another dope ass another dope
ass building girl oh girl this is a
beautiful building Oh lion
I forgot what he said oh boo where are
you ready what are you quoting the Dean
Oh what in a Dean yeah you talking about
we caught it him are you quoting Wizard
of Oz no did you kill it maybe oh okay
wow wow wow oh you mean lion order I
couldn't remember this one lion oh God
you can't put your junk and blame it on
me I was I was we say we thank you oh my
god
how fucking breathtaking is that now
that is so beautiful the first moment I
laid eyes on this on on this building I
was like I can literally cry right now
because it's so beautiful
we don't have anything like that back
home not even close
yeah there's like other buildings that
try to mimic these things but they only
do like 10% of what is right behind me
yeah and it's just gorgeous
I won't take pictures of it I want to
share it I want to study it and I can't
get enough like right now that I'm talk
to you guys I really am tempted to turn
around and keep staring at it because
I'm like in awe of this building right
it looks like it's made of wax or
something I don't know I want to turn
around okay go go nuts for background
sorry sorry it's beautiful you can't you
can't resist staring at something that's
beautiful that's the one the hot girl
walks around you're staying at her I
can't get that anymore cuz I'm gonna
think of this and I'm like I see what
father has stared a hot girl for a long
time because you once it's beautiful you
can't take your eyes off of it yeah
that's one of my favorite things about
going on tours in different countries
it's looking at old buildings it just
has so much awe and for the first time I
feel like it actually brings meaning to
the word awesome like awesome mean like
it instills on you this is fucking
awesome
so alright one more time I gotta show
you guys this building I just can't stop
looking at it
look at all the details it's insane it's
crazy how back then they turn buildings
into art every inch every corner there's
details as gargoyles and designs they
didn't just treat a building as a
construction there is so much intricacy
all building this is amazing
this is an incredible this is definitely
a sight to see a person Wow looks up to
me crow that she and I floated LEDs on
hold on all shouting ball daddy beat
these are two pins I'd like to get a C
on shy selfie Blasi then they check out
my blog stuff and also Vaz chilling back
midnight chick easy those fetuses from
yours little high you get this off on me
okay toss me that chick stupid it√≠s
funny soothing line comes for me no
Wi-Fi shiny shiny shiny the fancy but
see some kind is inside do i english on
biceps like the steak spice - for pipe
like Betsy highlight I'm church on the
ganses house on die to live a little and
she's there doctors release mission a
stone on the slices you know the nuff
for Howard shout blessing run away be
conky's low vision loss fish willingness
no home phone numbers and oh right right
back feel like washing these
now these are all buff of look and see
hot Michelin iGrow come to look shit got
it in the air easy I'm fairly muffin
eyes what so we just finished the
walking tour and you can tell that I'm
freezing because I almost never have a
head gear or beanie and I forgot to
bring my gloves
but it was one of the best tours ever
how did you like it mama
I absolutely loved it and I was telling
bored this edit always happening like
unfortunately we couldn't record the
tour because you're on the tourist on
the tour guide schedule and he saw this
hem here and these are all the facts ok
that's about a second so unfortunately
we can't regret it a few guys but what I
was telling part was that I love the way
he told the store because he literally
gave you history in modern terms but
made it a story out so for example he
was saying like there was one of the
Kings that wanted to have it nay an
error or a kid to follow his footsteps
and back in the day you had to have a
son so that he can be the next king
after you right so him and his wife kept
having girls and he said this is the
tour guys words he was saying that he
prayed to God was like yo homie hook a
brother up and give me a boy and the
fact that he explained it that way it
really sticks with me at least and I was
telling bar man if my history teacher
was that guy I would have retained so
much more information because he makes
it fun you're the best history teacher
in the world yeah like he makes me live
in that era cuz he makes it he's easy to
digest and he makes it exciting and it
makes it fun so I loved it I loved
everything about it I felt like I retain
at least like 70% of the information
that's awesome to be completely honest a
Munich Germany wasn't one of the
highlights that I was looking to on this
tour yeah I thought I just want those
passerby cities to go from where were we
in
Amsterdam to Switzerland like those were
to that I was looking forward to but
then being able to come to Munich also I
think it's because I give the history
books you don't really learn that much
about Germany until World War one and
World War two and so before then it was
just kind of like Germany was just kind
of like a puppet country to a lot of
other countries and so you don't learn
about it and you know the attraction
yeah but then to be able to tie in now
with all the German history that we
learn on this tour we learn about these
buildings with the Catholic Church with
Napoleon and you kind of see how like
Germany plays at the hole the bigger
European picture yeah and it's amazing
it's an amazing culture one of the
biggest things is they make the best
beers in the world so we're about to go
here which is the Hofbrau Haus and it's
a really famous
be replaced Oktoberfest happens in
Munich and this is like one of the
biggest supporters you needed it
immersion aided in in Munich and Munchen
and over and over here we're gonna go
eat some yummy food and drink some beer
I don't usually drink alcohol but when
it when it Munchen we got a drink some
salt catch guys later
ha
so I learned something really
interesting this wall behind me is kind
of like a gym membership to Opera House
where you pay this membership and you
get to store your sign which I also
learned today in German means stone
because back in the day the glasses were
made of stone and now it's made of glass
but you get to store your sign here
every month and you come here to get to
open it and I'm a little bit drunk now
as I don't usually drink so I might be
slurring my words but you get your Stein
and you get to fill it up for free and
that's really cool because the beer
culture of Germany is so ingrained it's
so huge that it's you have a beer
membership place and I think this is
really cool and if you look over here
all the signs are actually made of
stumbling everyone that's the words or
signs here have legit stone Stein's I've
never seen a warning a word I can assume
to be a warning with the fucking
exclamation one so because it is like
tur beak ah bitch hey Sharon captain fry
granted one of the things is is that
what the exclamation point means the
spit on the floor get it out I don't
know but I just I just felt like that
was appropriate at that time reading
that sign with that exposure denim I
like how you put your whole waste into
it too it's like good I think if it's
like a bat like your absolute best and
drives with your hips do one more time
to see which one the width of fucking
waste bit alright this is how you gonna
write yeah I had a bigger native
baseball
boom safety
you're a strange fellow and you buried
me
