we are now an Amsterdam during the day
and I know ma bear loves architecture
how do you feel right now now that you
can see all the buildings in its full
glory during the daytime
this is absolutely breathtaking it is
super super beautiful in the daytime
like not only was it beautiful at night
just because they do a really good job
of lighting up all these buildings at
night so it looks beautiful already but
in the daytime you can see every single
detail and I'm just blown away right now
I'm just like I can't believe I'm here I
forget that anyone else is even here
because I'm just in awe of all this
architectural beauty
it's gorgeous like right now I want I
feel bad that you guys just have to
start this so I wanted to like a slight
repurpose no behind here well had this
uh so we're gonna we're gonna do like a
little a slight little like 360 so
you're gonna follow me okay um and what
I've noticed that I absolutely love
we're gonna have eyes on the back of
your head and talk about the buildings
behind you no I'm gonna talk about all
of them okay so what I think is really
beautiful is what you guys first saw or
it was a canal and those are the
buildings
jaim√© the first time right like these
ones yes yes right here yeah is what I
think is absolutely gorgeous
yes they're pretty simple they're pretty
straightforward however they all have
like this really unique style to each
and every single one of these buildings
they have like this this like spirit the
soul like by looking at it like there's
a there's a dark brown one and there's a
tan one there's like a forest green one
beige like some are multicolored like
they just have this personality to them
like I feel like I can name Eve every
single one of these buildings like
that's uh that's a Juniper but yet
juniper Eirik that is uh Radloff I don't
even know where these names go I don't
do bigger but it just makes sense uh and
it's just it's just beautiful then it's
right next to the canal and wheat you
guys have it's neat you but last night
we saw a bunch of like boat houses I
can't wait to show you those there's you
can't really see any here because it's
more of like a harbor type of thing here
but it is I'm I can't even speak English
Bob I'm just staring at it you know when
I first came to Amsterdam
yeah um I thought it looked like
toontown because of how skinny the bases
were and how tall all the buildings were
how colorful everything was and I'm like
holy shit this is like a real-life
medieval toontown yeah and we learned
yesterday the reason that it's the way
it is is because back then they didn't
tax how big buildings were based off
high they taxed it based off with so
everyone built upwards so it was such a
cool explanation as to why there's like
a real so narrow life toontown and that
house is mom on it what in the world
that's a mom house any other buildings
around here you really like one more
everything like I like that one
and then like about that speaking of
Disneyland theme park attractions it's
speaking of this
oh the US Los Angeles oh I have a good
day uh we don't know who they are
oh but yeah you were just speaking of
Disneyland and you actually pointed this
out early I don't know if you caught
yourself uh but while we were walking
over here you're like you sought this in
you're like I know what this reminds me
of this reminds me of the small world
do you remember selling that yeah yeah
and now that I look at it it's but I
don't know that you paid attention to
what I said something wrong to me where
you talk about Disney I listen okay
where you talk about everything else I
might not be there but I try okay I try
really hard to pay attention to you but
I see it now and I'm like it totally
does look like it cuz then up there is
they have the two towers and then up
there is one once the once it hits like
12 or something then all the little
characters come out okay so it looks
similar I don't know if that's true or
not but I can see a resemblance yeah
ever since I went to Disneyland I always
felt like um the small world has a very
Dutch influence and now I can see the
influence and in the buildings like it's
very a lot of their bills very tall and
skinny and has it's very symmetrical and
old-school feel and I think it's
beautiful yeah this is gorgeous and
we've just barely touched the pond
Amsterdam like we haven't moved look at
that green one over there look at that
one that one has like oh my god fucking
sick ass that's like a matte green Lambo
equivalent of a building look at the
Victoria Hotel look at the it's the
the roof on it and look at the roof on
all the other ones it's so different and
so unique to the building that's one
thing I miss about architectural design
now it seems like back in the day they
had like this pride
they were so artistic and so creative
and so prideful in their work and it
showed like up here and I'm also sure
that like the qingyan should Commission
them or whatever to do it but now it's
just so plain so efficient so soulless
looks like lifeless it I'm just like mmm
I kind of Miss that stuff so this is
literally like toontown all the
buildings are stacked super high with
goofy ceilings and it almost feels like
it's leaning forward do you see that are
you doing you silly uh-huh it does look
like it's leaning forward doesn't look
like a real-life toontown yeah I think
what makes it look leaning forward are
those little like like curtain things
like an awning above the green thing but
no it's gorgeous it's it's kind of
surreal like how beautiful it is out
here and then the air the weather feels
really crisp and and him on the dry side
because last night I was just reading
but it just everything it's quiet it's
calm it's peaceful it also could be just
quietly peaceful because damn it's 8
a.m. and the night ended like crazy so
yesterday last night um we were we went
to go see uh one of the sex shows that
was my god we got to tell him about in
the end uh in the red-light district
well wait so before you even move on the
sexual I thought was gonna be something
uh like a UH like a Thailand one no I
thought it was gonna be more like
sensual like kind of giving you in your
windows and kind of hinting towards
about to have intercourse like softcore
erotica yeah like something like sir
like a Cirque du Soleil show you know
okay yeah yeah um but then we've walked
in and the first thing we do is we see
this girl naked center stage she was hot
though she looked like a man I don't
know wait what oh that girl girl yeah
yeah that one was kind of manly which
one you're talking about I was talking
about act number two when the girl comes
out yeah like uh a really nice body and
the guy had a 12-inch dick well hold on
I'm very good to like Japanese
I'm just getting excited um and then
soshe's center stage do we stop right
here and just pause real quick so this
is what I feel like Amsterdam is really
about is the main streets are cool and
you get to see all the big buildings for
all its glory
but the really cozy and quaint feeling
that I love about Amsterdam are these
little streets
what open are these little streets and
these alleyways and then it's bisected
geometry term here yeah
geometry term bisected by these canals
so there's just so much going on in the
city that is just it's kind of hard to
take it all in and this is my second
time and it's still just as beautiful
that's gorgeous how do you feel about
all these skinny streets in and I feel
like I feel like I'm a broken record
like it's it's gorgeous it's surreal
it's it looks like they just made this
um just to attract tourism and and once
the tourists leave then they take off
the front and then it's all fucked up
looking like it's just it's just too
perfect I wish we get this the statue
thing in the middle of the there in the
middle of there you ever hear oh the
side of the building oh wow I even
noticed that you got sniper eyes so you
know we do have something kind of
similar la the Venice canals I wouldn't
even say similar any my clothes
did I just install a judge mother
totally the only similarity is that
there's a canal and there's water but
even this and there's bicycles barely I
wouldn't even know this is like look at
how many but you could barely see paths
or like through the bicycles because
there's so many layers of bike stacked
up uh on top of each other that's true
so back to the sex story right so we
walk in
and there's this girl centerstage
sitting on a chair legs fully spread
open she's like sticking a vibrator in
her freakin vagina hole and I'm like
what the fuck's of that act ends now
moving yet to act 2 which you already
briefly touched upon this guy and girl
they come up on like this bed rotating
bed thing yeah and she's just like
giving him a blowjob and he has like the
biggest cock I've ever seen I've ever
seen - oh my god it's bigger than any
cock up every even seen at we spa fine
I've seen some big dicks right but um
yeah so that's kind of what we
experienced yesterday and that was also
an experience to remember that's for
damn sure
and then on the outskirts of the
red-light district we saw some
prostitutes and prostitution is legal
here which i think is really cool
because they decriminalize it everyone
is forced to have weekly checkups for
STDs so it's very professional and safe
and we saw like the most busted
prostitutes mama I would never get one
of these guys yeah we went down the
wrong Street how did we know yeah not
not guys but then I would never get
these girls and then we go on this other
street and we see like the hottest
supermodel looking ones ever yes I was
just like oh my god and unfortunately we
couldn't film because also they're kind
of like on storefronts like this if
you've been over there kind of on
storefronts they're like little slivers
of window red lights
hence the red-light district um and and
they're like they're in their tabby and
they look like real-life Barbie dolls
yeah that you're looking at behind this
glass like supermodels and right outside
like on the street while we're walking
at then you just see these guys that you
can clearly tell our bouncers and it's
advertised everywhere you can't have
photos how come there are Chinese people
wherever we go I'm sorry I'm Arbor but
we cannot be interrupting I don't know I
mean hey your people are everywhere
that's good it would be proud if I were
you they're coming up but each one of
these has a face not that good but
stripping me out this face is on the
toes with the foot that's like annoying
orange but on feet oh I get it no I get
these are the pressure points oh ok so
back to this next story uh yeah so these
bouncers so we can't film anything
because you were told that if they catch
you then
they can confiscate your phone and
there's a real-life cat watch myself
hi Brooke slightly warm in there Oh
kitty
are we in Chinatown cuz right behind you
is like some kung fu Studios on there's
trees though Wow just trees on the
windows I don't look well is this the
red light tree this be the kidney I
belong here guys I think we're gonna
move yeah I think we're gonna shut a
couple channels down or we're gonna move
out here cuz this is which I think this
might not be China time this is Asia
account cuz that Thai food yeah oh yeah
Chinese acupuncture this person so just
as this is literally what we would see
we would walk by a window and we'd see
like the hottest girl in the world with
like a red light and then she'll just be
tapping and asking us if you wanna come
in she's gorgeous
I wouldn't blame anyone I wouldn't even
be mad at Bart if he was walking on with
wood so you're telling me you're telling
me it's over my Center you're telling me
if I go to red-light district right now
you wouldn't get mad at me no I wasn't
even gonna say that are we gonna stay
interrupted me premature ejaculator fine
so what I was gonna say is I wouldn't be
mad at fart if he was walking around in
that area with the biggest boner ever Oh
fine so of course yeah does that make
you feel like home what no well this
place is crazy but nothing Bing Bing
Bing
yeah and then we got home and I was very
sexually frustrated because I saw sexual
saw five like the hottest girls ever
yeah and I told my bear that was horny
but then we were just both really tired
so nothing really happened oh this is
this is a glimpse of hot what happens at
night pen the camera over Santa lost his
outfit damn even Santa gets hella turn
here holy shit shit went down someone
got hurt that's what happens in
Amsterdam yeah Santa comes and part of
that yeah so yeah I got hella sexually
frustrated yesterday and I couldn't
release but now we're gonna go this way
and we're gonna keep it yes they're not
gonna release you know what's pretty
awesome right now because we're
traveling at like 8 a.m. in the morning
we kind of have the city to ourselves we
barely see anyone because all of these
streets are usually fully crowded yeah
yes it's really nice it's 9:15 all right
so we're in the red-light district now
we just wanted to check it out and
filming here during the night outer
probably got my ass kicked by some Dutch
bodyguards and thrown in the canal but
now it's during the day I think we get
to just kind of take a little peep
through and we can recognize yeah we
could see actually what one of the
offices or offices look like yeah so
first of all you see we weren't lying
because it says no pictures
yes but the girl will be standing here
yeah I mean she's just like tapping and
then if if you guys communicated
properly then she'll open the door and
that's good he gave probably I mean like
that week week oh yeah and then you go
yeah then she's like if you were a if
you worked at the red-light district how
would you attract me for walking by yeah
yeah all right so I'm just walking by
I'm just a normal guy in the red-light
district because all the guys are normal
I look over to you know
what that's supposed to turn me on
that's supposed to turn me on when the
girl next door is like flashing her
titties and the girl over here is
bending over me they don't they don't
very classy but they little think you do
up like this but they're over there
Felice they're not fully there just in
lingerie so by you acting like a bear
you're gonna outperform oh that's tricky
so I'm coming over here yeah how much
are you uh and then I go and you like
what I'm go up there you say yeah and
I'm like and then we're just going in
with you take me in fuck bears okay walk
me through what you do to take me to
this I know I'm still taking this room
in to be honest with you maybe I feel
like that mirror in there is where they
the bouncer walks in and then I have an
alarm button so that's safe just in case
it gets a little too crazy oh yeah I
don't know what the solutions 1 & 2 are
for oh this is it's crazy there's just
like a sink in there I think to just
wash your hands and wash off yeah I've
never been to a whorehouse before but my
friends that have they tell me when you
go in the first thing that the
prostitutes do is rinse you off and wash
your entire body because they want to go
to town on you but they don't know each
person's hygiene so it's pretty normal
for them to wash you off so that you're
nice and clean and then they go in and
make you the time of your life hopefully
I mean that's what you're paying for so
hopefully it's the time that you'll
blood would you ever because I know you
talked about it before but would you
ever entertain a lesbian sexual
experience with like one of these super
hot super models uh uh maybe maybe I
mean I I think the conditions have to be
perfect like she has to be like Angelina
at her prime my Angelina now is getting
older and she's still beautiful but in
her prime she just look like this like
like sex goddess goddess vixen and I've
never felt any way about a girl but she
made me feel once like a type of way you
know what I'm saying
hello daddy got something I gonna Castle
I think the girl has to be like fuckin
stupendous actually has to be like
next-level
damn bitch you stupendous huh he's this
dependent oh you just call me bitch no
I'm just saying like you said stupendous
so I imagine you standing there just
looking at all the girls I walk by and
not damn girl used to pendous yeah like
she has to be like above everyone else I
don't know she's got to have a rock show
that I have a booty she's gotta have a
beautiful face long black hair blue eyes
I think I've thought about it a little
bit very specific huh yeah I love the
blue hair dark hair the blue hair black
eyes blue eyes ah
what are you hair mix yeah I think
that's like my favorite for fuels we are
in the heart of the red-light district
now and this was the show that we went
to go see yesterday the casa rosa except
we were on the other side with the
interest in auditorium is doesn't it
look and feel way different in them in
the morning way different like you can
tell we're not making it up because I
get rooms for rent Roos right and like
there's all this sex and I'm so proud of
Amsterdam citizens because this place
looks really clean especially for like a
red light district naughty area it was
so packed but even when they were hot
when they're highly intoxicated it's
still very clean I could have sworn I
saw the most thirstiest guys ever I
would see guys walking around and they
might as well be foaming at the mouth
cuz they were just looking at like hot
girls yeah and even though I'm married I
almost couldn't contain myself you know
what's crazy though is that I don't see
them as thirsty in a different country
because sex or early sex in different
countries they're a lot more liberal
with it yeah so the fact that it made me
feel more comfortable that they were
staring because it's like we all know
that's what people want to do so why try
to hide it
yeah so when I see people hide it and
try to like walk binds button oh and
pretend like they don't like it that's
when it makes me uncomfortable because
I'm like you're not being true to
yourself and what other bullshit are you
hiding but if they're staring and
they're going like
like that in front of the girls and I'm
like okay cool cuz I actually feel that
too so look I did that yesterday you be
cool with it if that's who you are then
yeah I want you to be every guy is like
that well then yeah then be that way
like I mean still control yourself like
don't like we bought your dick and start
jacking off but yeah if you want to
stare go ahead like you're not blind
like that be fucked up for me to be like
don't look she's fucking hot yes
that's weird so behind you is pretty
much how packed the red-light district
is you'll see like a girl here a girl
here a girl here a girl here every
single windowpane it be two small girls
more than all the way down the streets
all have LED lights everywhere and some
of them will even be girls probably up
there and red lighting all the way up
there if they kind of repurposed you a
little bit yeah
you
you
you
not
you
yes right now he's just struck 10
o'clock a.m. yeah and I love that the
whole city is alarmed and given a
heads-up of the time so I feel like
everyone just gets on the exact same
program and I mean yeah I love it it's
like a community we're not used to this
in LA I've never heard I mean unless
you're living next to a church but other
than that you know who else does this
stuff who there's new man hey did you in
we're not in anything this honestly I
think is the adult Disneyland Oh cuz you
have super hot girls super yummy food
and for those people that want to smoke
weed you can smoke weed legally here
pence also this this little cart
yesterday everywhere we were walking we
smelled weed everywhere we didn't smoke
but it's just pretty much anything that
ever you met people like to do a drink
party you can do it here no one's gonna
judge you and it's actually highly
accepted and they're still on time can I
tell them a secret what's the secret
potato so we have smoked in the past uh
uh
we have smoked a lot of weed but we
actually stopped smoking maybe like few
years back
just because we're prepping to have a
baby babe when that's gonna happen
when that's gonna happen we don't know
but that's the reason why we decided not
to smoke and drink on this trip so it's
pure sober clean funds you know I
actually haven't smoked for a long long
time probably over ten years and I think
for me it's just because um no no we
spoke together like in Vegas like a few
years back we talked about we did yeah
and then when we got married
okay so that's twice that's all outside
of that outside of high school yeah
which is over ten years
yeah I haven't smoked and I think
because I'm just so um high on life I
really enjoy the life that I have yeah
with you mob bear that I haven't really
smoked so even though I came here and I
know this is a place to smoke I never
really had the urge like I gotta get
fuck ducks I really enjoy my life yeah
the one time with the wedding is because
everyone just kind of smoked so just for
for shits and giggles yeah I think and
then also with Vegas um
I never really smoked with the like a
lot of the other friends that we went
with ah fuck let's just do it for one
one time shits and giggles but both
times kind of confirmed to me that's not
really for me anymore I think I kind of
grew past it so this time we need to
smoke at all mmm I do want to check out
the cafe just because I know it's an
experience like where the copy by the
sorry coffee other than that yeah I
already fucked up other than Amsterdam I
don't know another place I mean that's
legal and uh and highly accepted I bring
it into the culture and highly integrate
in the culture where I can go into a
cafe and sit down and order weed off of
a menu like that's cool let's do it what
so this is how important the Viking
culture or how big the Viking culture is
an Amsterdam check this out I just saw
this on these steps
they have a special railing for you to
bring your my head that's fucking sick
oh not full right yeah so hard to bring
your bike down steps even though it's
not very many steps and it's manageable
this city was like you know what let's
let's hook our people up let's give them
a little rail so they can bring their
bike down like it that's fucking sick
you know one thing that we heard
yesterday too was the biking culture
here is so big that one there's two
bikes to every person in the city and
then two they pull out 15,000 bikes out
of the canal a year yeah the reason why
there's two mics per person in the city
is because uh they still a lot of bikes
I've never seen you get that small my
entire life yeah let's hurtle
you
