faster down
so we're on this merry we drove directly
on with our tour bus but yeah we're
gonna cross the English Channel and I
don't know if you can tell this really
cold it's really cold I have this and
another layer and another layer and
another layer but it's pretty damn
chilly but it feels really awesome and I
can't wait to show you guys our
adventures over there whoa so we are on
this ferry and we are gonna grab some
breakfast and this is awesome because
we've been on a hunt for some sort of
breakfast food or coffee since 5:00 a.m.
when we first woke up due to jet lag in
London so this is freaking cool that we
can finally have breakfast and is a
decent-looking little establishment so
we're on the boat I looked on the boat
the butcher
what are you gonna get
I'm kinda torn I kind of want a full
English breakfast because there's a ton
of stuff to bacon sausage free-range
eggs baked beans all kinds of stuff but
I'm also a big fan of Eggs Benedict and
this one's on 1/2 toasted dentition of
caen you know what that is
no but it just sounds elaborate and it
sounds like I'm supposed to get with
sliced ham ham I love eggs benedict so
I'm kind of torn between these two which
one should I get
well you're lucky that I'm here with me
because I'm actually talking to the same
tune so I am down to get an addicted
addicted it gigs so pegs Benedict eggs
benedict for you for someone out in
Germany and it execs an addicting that
you're saying that their mom is a go no
you look at the Larry rather lying not
every time he looks to the last year
liar huh and I just made that up but I
call him lying ha ha yeah so I think I'm
gonna get the eggs benedict and it says
a half roasted oh you just read that
right is that we read
I have toasted Kentish of kiddin with
soft-poached free-range egg and a rich
creamy hollandaise sauce I don't know
how many people he just offended around
us so I'm just gonna pretend like he has
he doesn't speak I'm gonna just pretend
that you're about to Facebook bad word
what you're about to say the r-word
other this say that he has some sort of
special needs cuz he does
yeah special need so I'm gonna pretend
that this guy over here has special
needs the black is coffee I've ever seen
oh that good constantly is fuck Wells
good damn you know you don't say Ronnie
what we're on a boat again and I swore
to myself that I would never be on a
boat oh oh yeah we're gonna say about
the cops yeah we will drink it it tastes
like that are so weed in it oh my god
what did that constipated
it is just a really black coffee maybe
they hook it up that black so you can
use all these condiments on it
you mean brown sugar this is a Russian
this is Flintstones rocks
and this is sugar I thought it was kicks
at first wait chick chex mix our
document
and there's a sugar and sugar what other
one of the condiments that's salt and
that's pepper
so this is a traditional English
breakfast and I can confirm that because
on another tour I went to I also got
baked beans and unlike the Mexicans who
love beans on the other meals but
English like to have their beans in the
morning I got two hams
I got a roasted mushroom that looks kind
of crazy probably I can eat that this
old wrinkly senior-citizen Wiener
looking thing does look delicious I will
eat that and we'll eat the hash brown
this pudding thing I'm trying to figure
out what that is because is it just pork
blood or I don't even know what this is
to be honest have my poached egg I'm
waiting on my toast but I'm about to
have a great excuse me sir all right Oh
saw the trailer
hey it's actually the second time with
the karfedix
anyway well I ended up changing my mind
last minute and I didn't go with the
aphanitic and I'm kind of bummed that I
didn't do that because ah a whole time
to prune your plate
looks poor before I show you my plate so
I changed my mind Lessman and I was
gonna get the eggs benedict I did not
get them I went and I opted for the
small breakfast which is the mini
version of what Bart just ordered and
look at mine I got the senior citizen I
think it's perfect for me okay it is
perfect I think you're gonna be stuck
like hurry up and eat I stood up figure
out what this is
so I just asked them it's in there I
don't know what is it get the mini
excuse me sir Oh what exactly is a fuck
pudding what did it probably at home
tell me okay that's good it's easier
that way
I tried it
what do you reckon nice is it like blood
of ten points my blood picks last night
okay awesome
so it is a pig's blood which I thought
was gonna be smile
are you claiming your cue and yeah this
pig's blood
Plus smile it looks like it
and I thought I think he was trying to
scare me but that's turning you know us
time with these motherfuckers we got the
pork blood rice thing that she's bombing
is it good
I got Taiwanese on there no this one's
not bad if there's a time of these.one
they infuse the pig's blood into like
this little demon rice so the texture it
balances from crispy rice to the pork
slit this was just how much um no thank
you I'm gonna fix my plate it's a wide
acceptance peek it in what you did I got
one I love money eat sausages you're
perfect
nice it's good for you there's a freakin
family okay
so right now we made this unexpected
unplanned stop in Belgium and we're
gonna stop at this chocolate making
place Oh taffy factory but it's not a
factory they just made chocolates here
this is that shop
and what it's a shop and for some reason
there's two British flags even though
we're in Belgium are we really unless
they're tricking us and then this is
over the circle is valid one but we're
not even but this say Belgian chocolate
factory but also in English wait so it
is a factory Oh daily fresh chocolates
so they do they make chocolates all
right well here we go
it's bad Papa wake yourself
I think it's canopy breaking like oh oh
boy Oh breaking damn I didn't even
understand that oh you want to get
chocolates because I know your life
smells very chocolate you want to get a
chocolate I do not but I do want to look
I do want to look at you here chocolate
let's just look can we look yeah this
chocolate I don't want to eat why cuz
it's an animal no because it's chocolate
what is this what is that
Oh marshmallows Oh yummy I don't want
that it's marshmallow shish kebabs we
put on the grill and just keep spinning
and it turns out golden brown
oh this would be the ultimate some more
maker money money what some chocolate
coins
no anything you anytime you say want
some and then if it says chocolate then
immediately no you know when I was a kid
my dad
sorry no no you don't I was a kid yeah
my dad he gave me a bunch of chocolate
coins but when you're a kid like he
can't see the fine detail that it's foil
so it came in one of those mesh red
sacks and you don't I'm yeah I got a
whole sack of a mama oh shit I got old
coin that's my dad so I put it in my
pocket in a house I can't wait to take
this to school then when I pulled it out
to show my friends they all melted into
my entire popular just full of chocolate
that is fuckin q can I also sure sorry
with this thing yeah what is this two
colas that looks good
is this Pringles but yeah what the fuck
$36 si hey gimme
okay guys I'm sorry I thought is that
why you like it because it's a boy no
well forget it now the story's not going
to be that funny because it also
pertains to these coins right now but
for me I guess the person that gave it
to me for Halloween it must have been
their last resort to give candy and my
last resort to eat candies I don't like
it and it's not my candy of choice so
when I finally ran out of all the other
good candies then I was going for this I
open it up put it in my mouth or I think
I take a bite and then when I look at it
there's maggots cuz the chocolate was
old that could be the start as to why I
don't like could you still eat it
no I spit it out immediately what are
you talking about
what is his what is that
isn't this the thing that they put in
your mouth at all those Catholic
Catholic services so funny what's so
funny about death listening should I was
the I'm Catholic and those this thing
should have fingered I'm surprised you
garbage love them like this right no no
no no that's it you don't want it no
it's your hands are you like this before
in your mouth I got you
can you relax I hope how do you do again
oh you put one hand and then the other
one like that
then you go and they play in your hand
yeah or tongue up or you can then you go
like that and then they put it ta option
this is so funny
Wow look at these flavor get these
fucking Belgium chips don't got a pulse
no gotta toss Belgian chips flab or
sleep cheated
Danny's fella with two L's generally
flab or
this one is paprika peaceful spelling is
all fucked up look at this natural
what do you mean these fools you're in
their country not to rel let's see what
else
Jared good what is it what is the
difference between that one and that one
well this isn't here listen to something
oh oh my god Heinz ketchup one two
that's that's Canadia I know now what
look at this chocolate milk dip so it's
like a thing of chocolate this kind of
reminds me of like those portable stop
signs out of cement at the bottom and
there's a pole but then there's a
dropper with like honey or some sort of
link correction it is this is for like
the chocolate adding on it and then they
I fight the tip and like
yeah okay moving on I love how diverse
dodgem is because it's the first black
Santa I've ever seen which is awesome
and there's also what is this the black
Rudolph but this is crazy I know they're
just going using it Shrek it's a good
Shrek that lost weight so I think it's
Shrek that lost weight with the red nose
look what's this I'm round babe in the
head play penguin penguin penguin black
penguin this is yummy looking penguin
what the fuck is this this will forgot
to color the rest they just colored the
fun parts Tamla I'm a color the beard
the hat the shoe and the eyeball
flip it around
Alex outside is brown this is almost
like a kid did this so like I was saying
about the diversity I really enjoy the
acceptance of different cultures in
Belgium because this is a rare thing to
see as well with an extremely dark tip
as well as oh my god
and this looks just like my bears you
promise no you guys look like this one
no it's gorgeous light skin on the
outside and the flaps are done why you
put the high conv oh look at that one
spot there down there no little minds
like this you gotta be realistic
no is that one no mines the size
remember it's that one
I am on the lap you give a guy behind
the camera who this weekend anyway so
here's the McDonald in the Netherlands
experience alright start here start
higher you're hiring people
oh sorry higher okay you want higher
open or do you wanna meet me
this is pretty much do you want inner
tire options or Minnie Mouse no English
Vinglish shieet and easy way out doesn't
matter China fine
why don't you do Frank price do the
Frank Asante Netherlands okay what neder
doing Netherlands that's we're here
somewhere to do here okay what else they
got
alright this kind of all that's the same
the fries are different though Dada's
huh Devil McFlurry in a cup what's the
board right the Groot I love these names
he's injured and big Diane what is that
you get a receipt we're not buying
anything uh quarter pounder are you sure
you want to be on the FG menu no I'm
just get out even though what is this
best-selling a frond day what's this one
or the best-selling New York Times now
hold on York Times bestseller hold on
yeah what if it explodes babe
it won't watch this is why I'm going to
fill in English oh okay fine okay that's
the press okay okay farmer Prize Oh
farmer fries all right this is pretty
fish and other now we're talking
royal fish
veggie burger
the veggie burger honey mustard here
that standard Sunday that's not a chili
chicken with the chili chicken are you
ordering or are you just asking that
just watching yeah what else they got
chili chicken looks really interesting
shoulda kept that phlegm in babe I know
why because if you speak like German are
you those Dutch languages it's things
like did you laugh at it look at you get
fruit and veggies here this is small
sellers this time what meals you got
happy here with us up prize
I thought all happiness of our kids
no they tell you hello hi it's not a
nice recording all right oh so we were
kicked out of my knowledge so I'm not
mad cuz I don't even like McDonnell what
that is he is not a good representative
of McDonald's just let you know he was a
very rude gentleman he's probably to get
fired tomorrow hey over here
the service is nice she's lovely been
wonderful she asked what we wanted she
described it I'm happy my heart's happy
and she didn't kick me out so I'm eating
over here now to download them have some
Sam
with what is that Oh with the sauce and
some Lima
and I don't my sides are maybe potatoes
are fries I might go with price because
the fries within I think you gonna
collect regular potatoes I'm gonna get
your potatoes so when it's often Abigail
for all things from the main the dozen
of the most stuff in also
I'll be on long sermons all you need is
almost Muffet Lainey mom come to be the
Robinson Donna mom's gonna dump it the
same as spam and I started off in all
I'm still alone
but in automation fun of Metro fold
along disease and frame them in a in a
comic you bored and already hey like
this older fella come
I'll name the boy
come on
Volken it of the live on the all the
dogs are often every human heart for
unfaithful Fung Amsterdam the main the
doctrine of the move
I'll be on
so right now we are in Amsterdam
so we are walking to sexual special red
light district bathroom I smell then
they are red-light district
so you're gonna go see sex shows gonna
be pretty lit have you have us Tina's
like show before I have in Thailand just
boys one of those dirty things I've seen
in my life
Wow because I've seen a hamster just
crawl out go back in and then fall out I
looked in toilet it was alive and
because I was really smashed
she put a cigarette down there and I
decided to find a wire and go out there
and a lot at 4 I'm expecting a little
less or destructive what I'm looking
forward to some fun tonight should be
good well damn I hope you're living like
Thailand but no I don't even think it's
gonna be like that this would be way
different
yeah I think I live they have like this
crazy novelty aspect of it whatever this
circus s part of it but I Phi Centauri
in Europe it's the classic you're right
now not that one races costume the
others Oh culture yesterday was just
more liberal like as we're walking I
could just smell weed everywhere yeah
yeah and they're not down here the way
they're down in Thailand and the
prostitution is legal here so with a
community where like the sex is so
accepted it's so open
I feel like it's not gonna be as crazy
because it's not so impressed so they
might get really creative or might be
have a sexual where everyone's pussies
just get wet and the audience and
everyone just has a rock-hard
boner yeah yeah well shit let's see
which one it is
sock you look up there feels good coffee
shop obviously that's where they hope
it's good yeah yeah so coffee chakras
are where they have weed and cafes is
where they have coffee so you got to
know the distinction also get the wrong
item well you're gonna wanna get it on
we're gonna go to the same party fuck oh
I smell it I smell it I smell it
everything all right let's play a game
all right is this one going to be coffee
or weed this is coffee at the cafe Oh
Dean Dean me me me another one she's
gonna fire you what are you trying to do
I thought so the big fucking bag boom
right here and we're gonna make it funny
so just like make your face on the glass
you did great you know what sucks your
little game another game okay all right
what kind of will you get here in this
cafe coffee hey you know that they also
give you a huge hint where if it's
actual coffee shop that sells weed
usually the logo just straight up green
Oh giveaway - you're good at this game
you
