this is my second time but it's her
first time but what we're here for is
we're gonna be here on a8 country tour I
think in Europe yes 13 days total we're
spending about one or two nights in
every single country and it's so awesome
that we get to share all of these fun
new excursions with you guys so stay
tuned because we're going to go to we
start in London Amsterdam a little
Switzerland Belgium a bunch of cities in
Italy like Rome the Vatican City Paris
you say Germany Germany there's a lot I
can't remember the entire itinerary
we're kind of just taking it as it goes
but follow along because we're gonna go
through a bunch of cities and we can't
wait to share all these adventures with
you already it's super mushy and super
romantic it's super cutie because this
is actually our semi official honeymoon
because the we got married a year ago
and we haven't spent any alone time
together
so make a baby make up mammoth I didn't
really making salsa they feel the baby I
got pregnant do you feel the baby
happening I don't know I mean is this
how you get pregnant cuz I don't feel
something
oh I feel that I feel it I feel going in
yeah
first off I want to start off with these
tiny ass are you making fun of me
alright stop I want to start off with
the first thing women a time IDF
elevators say no look look at this how
can you in for no no no no no how can
you make fun of me when you have
half-mast um okay these pants are
awesome oh we need to press a button to
go somewhere press it one Niazi ground
yeah garage is it G for garage orgy
party ground ground orgy for Giovanna
guys oh oh I gotta act we have to axle
eyes on Robert we're in
England so we can't act like typical
Americans leave me my 300 more no way do
we do we even know how to do it won't
for gangsta do you not know how to
operate a British elevator I don't know
I don't know what that G's for was in
gaja ground okay oh maybe it was one day
I was on one oh this is different that's
all I'm saying
I in the States G is garage ground or
lobby L hi hmm
okay so all right we're gonna we are
just gonna stay stuck in half in this
another beer so like in next four hours
we don't know you know what it went up
huh I went up and then we went down okay
awesome so yay first roller coaster out
here na na
we've spent five minutes a little image
not for yourself he did me okay
hopefully it's where I need to be let's
pray yes
okay now does one open you wouldn't
believe
yes thanks for letting me know hey God
yes we made it funny someone was staring
back okay I think we're gonna eat now
cuz we've been on site for 10 hours we
were walking around for another two
hours
like like moving from like airport to
hotel
we finally got situated so now we're
going to get rub a book first so I'm a
big fan of architecture just old design
look at this look at these statues look
at these buildings around
where people were staying like our room
is up there how beautiful is that I love
Europe for the architecture like I'm
constantly gonna be jizzing every time I
see this I'm Alex okay don't use on your
mascot pads hey these are these are the
best investment I've ever made my
favorite part is this flap right here
where usually a zipper goes but it's
there is no zipper and they added no
extra layer of material they just added
a seam to make it appear but the joke's
on you all right let me know if you guys
if you guys think the same thing the
first time I saw those pants they look
like you know those mascots at a theme
park like weather weather weather
whether they're a horse whether they're
a horse or a bear or something I am it's
like the bottom half of it so I feel
like the top of her she's missing like a
horse outfit if you had a horse
can head gears to walk around so you
can't make fun of me if you're wearing
horse pants you're a hater and can you
please put on some pants what the hell
it's cold out here it's great out here
you're crazy
let's go dude it's so beautiful I can't
stop
No
Oh
never been here before I'm down this
right here is one of my favorite things
about Europe almost everything in Europe
has like some sort of historical value
so everything has been built a long time
ago and even when they repurpose it they
keep the outside like the integrity of
the original design of the building so
when things get modernized it doesn't
just get torn down and completely
rebuilt so you get like this old
nostalgic rustic feel of the city that
you get nowhere else in the world that
I've seen at least so much respect it's
so cute I thought you loved it your mind
you love me I love you but like like you
even mentioned it's like going to Asia
like it's already lost to all of that
other than like Buddhist temples yeah if
you go to like Seoul Tokyo or Taipei it
all looks exactly the same if you took
all the Asian riding away yeah it's just
tall skyscrapers but what I like about
Europe is that it keeps like the old
school fuel of it it's really beautiful
so we got hella hungry and we just
walked right into the first restaurant
that had seats and of course because
running live we have to get the
traditional fish and chips but this is
year like nothing I've ever seen before
this is a real-deal Machpelah veal with
a big McGill dropping bars man this huge
go for a piece Bobby okay let me know
how it is
Oh me except this way first up the Limon
is that correct dimensions when I tell
it to you well there's limits so remote
fallacy is a flaky it's pretty damn
perfect Oh sounds horribly er done - now
you know what the funny thing is
the funny thing is this isn't even like
a British property being worth actually
in an Italian restaurant but we were
just so hungry so we just walked in but
as soon as we saw fish and chips like
hell yeah we have to get them but
because you guys know I'm fat I also got
your scanner or antenna and I got a
margarita pizza because we are an
Italian restaurant
no well what's funny is we were sitting
in this table to begin with nation√≠s
didn't bring out the food things like
they were like do you want a bigger
table and I'm like why you showed us all
these plates were like parts back no
they probably not answer you're like
okay the American look at it yeah yeah
yeah yeah oh that's probably the real
thing here try this you're missing
nothing really good it's so good it's
really good
so my bear just took a bite of the
bruschetta how is it it is so refreshing
that'sa made often a big fan of tomato
and this tomato tastes super fresh super
juicy and it's actually really sweet
then they add that with this thing they
like basil basil pesto or
yeah like or something that whole basil
garlic mixture is bombing in the bread
it
it tastes like it was just made at like
5:00 a.m. this morning it's perfect
that's the reason why I wanted to get it
because I saw it on the menu and you
know we're on a flight for like 10 hours
it just feels really stale is that stale
air and there's a stale like plain food
so I wanted like some crisp raw
vegetables and even though it comes with
a salad I'm not a really a salad type of
guy so I'm like yes Alan but when I saw
the bruschetta
oh cool fresh tomatoes I love tomatoes
and they killed it it's really really
good that was it to me telling
restaurant that's playing reggae cover
of Aerosmith that's where they killed it
up pehle interesting Italian restaurant
in London
reggae of Aerosmith fish and chips and
Italian food that's the world what more
do we need besides and a Mexican and a
Chinese and the water in a wine glass
with a party strong in a lime and a
lemon that's the world beautiful
just finished taking a shower and I'm
laying in bed and I can start to feel
the effects of jet lag what is working
in my favor because tomorrow the tour
starts really early at 6:00 and I want
to get my favorite coffee from here cafe
Nero so I'm gonna have to wake up for
authority to shower again cuz I'm a
greasy motherfucker get some coffee and
then head over to the other hotel we're
meeting at so me knocking out early like
7:00 p.m. is really gonna help me out
how's the um jet that shooting here mama
Oh bad it hit me the most while we were
um it hit me the most what we were
eating
cuz we were just it was like moving
around running trying to get everything
organized trying to figure out where
we're headed
so just a lot of moving and I couldn't
think about how tired I was or the
jetlag because right now it is right now
it's 7:00 p.m. but back home I think
it's 789 10 another 12 1 2 it's 3 a.m.
so we're usually asleep so now I feel it
and once we sat down to eat it which is
like cruel house so I had
for those of you that don't know what
jet like feels like it literally feels
like you haven't slept in like 72 hours
you're heavy you can't like like your
body feels heavy your eyelids feel extra
heavy like someone's like like gloom it
like like someone put glue on your lids
like your bottom lids and every time you
blink they just get stuck going and
everywhere you want to sit you just like
you just catch yourself falling asleep
that's a jet like that and I hit you
hard to feel heavy on them so a trip for
those of you guys traveling
internationally is follow the plain
schedule know what time it is gonna be
whenever whatever your destiny should
know what time is going to be there and
planned for it so if you're going to
line at 10:00 a.m. but you're you're
leaving your place at like noon and you
better sleep a lot of plane are you one
though
I'm very warm that's good our entire
North Face Hawk paid off right yeah so
far so good so far I'm over prepared
which is good I'd rather be over then
under cuz Paris was underprepared and
that was we were dying nightmare yeah
what are you gonna do now I need to
blow-dry my hair because I got it
lightened yeah which means it reaches my
hair and it's gonna start looking frizzy
if I don't if I don't straighten it so I
have to straighten it I have to so I
can't even go to sleep yet to learn all
this jetlag we're gonna go sleep soon
though especially with that hole right
there then looking at that Hey whoa
no I'm making is it making me horny jerk
so we want to tell me I'm have to take
care of some things before we go to
sleep yeah me but not that hole but I do
want to show you guys some of our travel
setup so for those of you guys that are
planning on traveling it's always good
to get these universal adapters so we
have like these two travel adapters to
hook up all of our devices when we
travel and vlog I got this multi battery
charger so that I can charge four
batteries in under two and a half hours
and what else do I got
Marbury Wi-Fi oh yeah we got a portable
Wi-Fi that works internationally so yeah
you can stay updated on our
whatever else we need and I bought this
guy at Restoration Hardware along with
this one that I really like so I got
these sir-sir hardware I can be charging
multiple things at once same thing with
this and I really like it because this
one's for London and then you can switch
it out for the US and then yeah and then
this final one is Europe so it's all
like three and one which is awesome this
bad boy right here does like 150
different countries oh fuck well fuck
whatever I just said it I get that one
then mob era is really good a travel
hygiene kit and I think that's about it
were another smart thing is prepare your
wardrobe the night before and then keep
your suitcase ready to go so all I'm
doing with my suitcase if you've had
over there is once I wake up put my PJs
in there my toiletries I'm good though
are you trying to copy my style that's
what I did I have my little stash Oh
what stuff clothes right this makes
sense and then I got I think we've
always done my bada-bing bada-boom over
there she was ready to go right there
yeah the originals done that I think we
travel very similarly oh yeah and then
uh don't forget to bring like a
multivitamin or like emergency because
when you are out traveling it's really
easy to get sick cuz you're bad body
through okay yeah you're putting your
body through all kinds of stress going
through different time zones it doesn't
feel like it cuz you're excited but it's
easy to get sick so make sure you take
some sort of a multi multi vitamin or
emergency butter we're going to go to
sleep early and they can't wait to start
the adventure with you guys today isn't
even the official date tomorrow our
first day in Amsterdam that's the
official day see you guys peace
