what up guys today we're going to do
three last things as we prepare for our
Europe trip the first thing is I'm gonna
witness Gio getting her hair did oh yeah
which I have never done before and so
I'm kind of excited because she always
has gone for two or three hours and I
want to know the science behind girls
hair compared to a simple 30 minute guy
haircut oh so different the second thing
that we're going to do is we're going to
go shopping for our pet Nadine because
he always takes care of our pup-pups
while we're gone and he's been doing
that like the whole year and since we're
going to be gone for two weeks we want
to stock the fridge the pantry and have
a ton of snacks yep so that our pet
Nadine can feel nice and taken care of
while he takes care of our Poppa yeah
that's our thank you and the last and
final thing is we did a little winter
gear North Face haul to prepare for this
cold-ass weather so we're gonna show you
or I'm gonna watch mother and I we he
means me me because I'm the bitch in the
group yeah I'm gonna watch mom and model
everything we bought to make sure that
she's indeed ready for the cold weather
how's the haircut coming along they call
the haircut
we're coloring right now yeah not
cutting it okay so I mainly came in to
color it what uh because I wanted to go
lighter and I wanted to look cute well
what's the God real reason always got to
put me on this fuck and I keep some
secrets please okay fine I'll tell this
secret and then afterwards then you keep
some other secrets cuz I have gray hairs
and won't cover them up there's the old
such a jerk that's a my shank any more
secrets how come you don't just cover
yourself
my dad colors his own hair I don't color
it myself because I had a hair stylist
friend back in the day tell me that it's
the worst thing you can do to use a
color from a box yeah for real yeah
because it's so concentrate cuz it
supposed to be fast you're really doing
more harm than good
oh and I don't have time for that either
my dad doesn't you just I see him walk
around with the house with black stuff
all over his hello it's like purple or
some crazy color and he goes reads the
newspaper he does gardening and then he
like you watched the dog and he has
crazy stuff all over his head and then
later he rinses it up yeah uh no and
then I I don't know I get like
highlights or I do different highway
highlights like Jesus
and you let one go yeah and URI kills it
so I have to have to come back and have
you do my hair because Jerry what
happened the one time I tried do my
bangs yeah I like you I try cutting my
bangs and and immediately as soon as I
said now she picks up the bangs cuz I
had my hair all fucked up she took the
bangs that she goes what's this Mick I'm
sorry I just wanted pings oh you try
cutting it in here
no on my own at home I cut I recall oh I
see I had already done what I needed to
do and I came in like forgetting that I
even cut my bangs that's the first thing
it's like she had eagle eye she's like
what is this like oh shit I fucked up
she's like yeah you really messed it
that's funny yeah oopss I cop did you
know that um my junior girlfriend or
head sounds funny my girlfriend that was
my girlfriend of when I was a junior in
high school okay I used to cut her hair
no I used to color her hair oh cool yeah
and I did like all the legit steps too
so I don't know if it's legit but I
would go with her to UM like Sally's or
something and I'm like tell me what
color you want it to be and it shall
tell me and I go by the peroxide and
then so I first like bleach your hair
then I put the color and then we go in
the kitchen and we grab the foil and I
put the foil and I'm like do you want
like the tips to be lighter or do you
want to keep the roots and I would do
all that stuff and I had a fun time
doing it oh wow maybe that was your one
of your other calling these huh yeah I
don't know like how it turned out but at
that time I thought I was a master yeah
I've noticed a trend in you with that
like right now so the camera that we're
vlogging on is a new camera we haven't
had it for more than a week and every
shot he gets he has to run over and show
it to me and he said because I'm like oh
that's good he goes yeah and then I
think that's his new calling right now
is getting not true getting all these
shots that's not true
okay yeah your your kind of not sweet no
I never colored anyone's hair
I never experimented with hair color um
yeah I never really did anything
I barely would color my own hair well
now here's the real question
alright so I know you color your hair or
you come here to get your hair color
let's say your pubes start getting a lot
of white or gray hairs yeah are you
gonna color your pubes
well I laser that area so um hopefully
when the gray comes in it doesn't even
come in at all but let's say you didn't
laser would you would you dye your pubes
just some magic would you care that I
had gray hair no it's a wife vagina
oh then no if you don't care I don't
care no one else is looking at it we'll
just leave it salt and pepper
you look like it feels really good it
does anytime anything better yeah
anytime anyone please my hair I'm like
yes no I'm getting a massage you get
horny
what cuz the way you said it it was like
anyone anytime plays with my hair I
would yes see no horny is ah yes huh I
can't tell the difference
what the hell you're weird but it feels
really good yeah you know I think that's
uh my mom's excuse to get her hair
washed she gets her hair wash
professionally like I think twice a week
she's her hair wash professionally well
that's what she says Joetta blow-dry
take it because for some people they so
hard for them to like do themselves so
whereas well you know yeah just pay
someone to do it
what a blow isn't loaded they just watch
it you know wash your hair massage your
scalp and and get a nice
Wow so you have to do it at home Oh a
lot of it is yeah yeah that's what my
mom always does laundry with you that
well you know you spend hours and you
don't even look good out there so come
on Isabelle that's a good point
sure might as well get the professional
pea pod is my favorite part
it always feels so different when
someone else is um fucking your name
washing your hair versus when you wash
yourself even when you're in the shower
and you run your head underneath the
showerhead it still doesn't feel like
this well listen you're laying down - I
don't put all my scalp
yeah just doesn't feel the same you guys
how to do this with each other we're
gonna go find a garden home and what
sprays other okay and see if it feels as
good okay well I guess this kind of boat
and I bet it feels really good in the
back of it and feels really good
you should make make sex sounds happy in
the water pressure is different
Oh perfect yeah
mix up some and then done going outside
is like oh my shirt we should get our
hair to have the nd hair yeah we'll get
a really good business come on look up
look up here we go oh no no she's got to
stay here we're leaving there maybe like
what the hell oh yeah just like that
oh yeah you are so wasted I'm not
revealing anyone
secrets that's me revealing another
secret secret my sex sounds well do a
dual rooster version of it if your
roosters are having sex or something all
people are coming already you're crazy
it's a good business model yeah well
he'll look you up to be if if you want
any ideas kind of ideas we're dropping
it off big well bear how do you like
your hair I love my hair I absolutely
love it
I've been wanting a gold lighter on my
ends for a minute but every time I came
I never knew what to tell URI and then
when she finally understood what the
hell I was trying to communicate she's
like oh okay got it but but my sketch
was so packed I'm like but I only have
an hour she's like that's impossible
like you got to give him more time to
work with you so finally I had the time
to be here for a couple hours and it
finally happened it's so I'm so happy
with it I think your hair looks great
thank you that's beautiful I had nothing
to do with it it was all like a hair
color I like how like all the roots are
nicely covered up all right get away
from me no you're getting away
you're so so well that's covered up yes
it has a nice little fade and it goes
from from dark dark dark dark to like
brown to like blond and it matches like
your skin tones like if you look at it
it looks really good yeah what is she
doing now just trimming the little edges
yeah I'm just layering a little bit
trimming the edges
what is it coming so you're layering it
what does that do just give it a little
movement so the hair doesn't look so
flat oh yeah you want flat hair yeah so
you just take the edges just should that
cut your fingers and it's gonna be your
own fault
give me a movement like this mm-hmm can
you let her work please yeah I'm just
making sure that everything looks good
and it seems like it's going to know
really good place yeah and I think um a
good place yeah I think it's a little
bit better than what I was able to do so
I'm really happy we came here oh wait
what did you even try this you know I
was telling you the ice to do my my
ex-girlfriend chair need to prove it
you do need to prove it uh I'll do like
I'll do it here no we'll buy a wig so
you could play with it but it looks
awesome though you look like you're
ready to go to a school dance a school
dance how cute or I don't know or get
any job gonna start a new top rating my
world start a new chapter in life take
on the world
oh you're ready to to just look like a
female to serve some people on airplane
that's very presentable yeah that's a
compliment
yeah uh what wait what what airline no
cuz that also very Korean Airlines
movement oh yeah oh please you have to
cut it a certain way so when girls walk
like it bounces I just kind of like when
you get a win on your hair you're gonna
like having that yeah we have that
Beyonce's that Beyonce yeah but this one
if someone's like pushes you and be in a
fight in some 120g beautiful zero pass
double punch you in the face no fake
punch let's stop it she's that very
sharp object look like this stop like
this and then you just shake the head
okay ready one key came out what do you
have secured you three okay you have to
show the movement you have security okay
ready one two no no I'm gonna fake punch
Oh fake punch like this yeah yeah come
get one two three Oh
the move is beautiful
okay mama do you know what to get in the
deme I have no idea but I know you can't
go wrong with frozen food well okay I
have some idea cuz I know he doesn't
like healthy stuff so anything right
over here like vegetables green beans
spinach
Nadeem does not give a fuck about oh
wait time no wait you know what
well I take that back he says he loves
eating vegetables but I'm sure he
doesn't give a fuck about frozen
vegetables I know Nadine us vegetable
fresh he's a family motherfucker
he's fancy so we do not need to be in
this out but I just don't want to give
him perishable stuff um I want to give
him like hot pockets or pizzas or finger
foods like that shit and sodas he does
not want to drink water
anything water and don't give it to him
you know what I think we should get him
I think we should get him instant
noodles soda like you said any type of
sweets like anything else freshly baked
sweet section he would love all that
stuff chips chips
oh shit two weeks chips instant noodles
yeah and uh cereal no cereal and milk
yes it's like that I think it's I think
we got to think of a seven-year-old kid
yes so what would seven-year-old kids
want to eat nothing healthy got it let's
do it all right all right so we found
soda and she is doing the what kind of
dance is this star dance I don't know I
know what soda should we get him all
right
root beer for sure for sure you loves
root beer all right
w but that's cream soda so that's not
even right Oh Winnie rooper he likes
rooper he likes all kinds of soda ain't
nobody but is there another brand oh oh
IBC no oh yeah get him canned cuz then
that way he can partition it off if he
wants to take one can you drink one can
okay do you see the cans I J and root
beer I see and W yeah that's the one
that that's cream soda
yeah okay cool get on the last time a
case of that the case of coke a case of
coke you can never go wrong with coke
yes like sprite and also you kid
he likes everything alright let's just
put that out there to finish the diet
sodas that I'm like good hope and W
right that's not sprite that's coca-cola
oh shit
spice right there right there sprite and
I give him orange soda for variety and
you know it's all about it's all about
variation the deep can kill one of these
things
in a day that is horrible in the knee
it's horrible but you know he can so we
gotta come up here don't move like seven
all in one day okay we got Goethe we're
done no we're off to next
it's the noodles that's gonna be the
staple all right so I think we came to
what's the term what's that term ah
there's that term that term there's
always that term where when people they
find like the big girl is it the Holy
Grail
I get his Holy Grail the Holy Grail
we're at the holy grail of Nadine
esteems world the demon world okay what
do you think we should get uh he hates
cheese so I was looking at the cheese's
unlike no a fan of cheese so he's not
gonna lie sure Oreos Chips Ahoy I
guarantee you that original Oreos animal
crackers uh oh my god Oreos has a mint
they have cake yeah sins which ones just
go with the og go with the og go if you
never go wrong with the og mega stuff
their regular that's got too much
thinking already alright go with the og
can never go wrong the og get Chips Ahoy
boom right there
I got that okay well you guys didn't see
this
but yeah go chris is our only break oh
god yes why would you think the one
that's broken all right what else is
that it I'm gonna got semester I don't
get broken cookies just give it to
Nadine Nadine I didn't do that okay I
try to give you the dishonest he fucked
it up saina demon okay so this is only
for one day we got we got that another
two weeks left that's nothing no we're
gonna add variety he's watching this
turn and he's laughing he's like I could
eat that in an hour what else it there
is an animal crackers Adam okay yeah
people love animal crackers boom have
you ever had are you doing it for
yourself I know now have you ever happy
yes I fucking legit okay if I won't get
these dollars what about wait for solo
there's a bomb cookie wafers are a waste
of time
okay cool we got chips right here - shit
what about cheese oh and you're so weird
Nagini said no cheese you're so weird
dude so does it like cheese let's get
the let's get chips movin on
Oh moving on what are you doing you're
already lollygagging moving on we need
to get chips
alright soaps alright uh he likes uh I
don't even know no he doesn't like spicy
stuff you can't handle spicy
who is this guy Nadine I don't know
think about it but he doesn't like spicy
stuff he likes everything else Cool
Ranch Doritos just grab Doritos where is
it you can never go wrong Torito you're
freaking out you can never grab pull
wrong with your wheels come on this is
good mom practice you know that cuz if
your kids are deciding on at home
fucking real man look at fucking Hill
Ranch mom fan on a hurry up and get that
okay okay I got that what else get the
blue one - next that's the Golden Rule
blessing flip BAM let's encrypt straight
up okay I got that size
Marty sighs where's where'd you get the
freaking party so that's all they have
cuz that's all people want oh he loves
me you need to know get him that then
but but Bloods and Crips once again we
still don't get this fam shut up kid
what else alright so the next thing that
I think we should get are these chickens
that I used to get all the time you will
make it you know why because boo me pop
it in the microwave no dishes get
burritos yeah but guess what dish is
burrito you put it in the case and the
thing you cut the corner and the thing
that it's did you put it I don't you did
whereas totally doesn't even know what a
burrito is babe
Nadine we're talking on the Dean here
Medina if you're watching this let me
know give me the good sums up he doesn't
know what a burrito is this is battle
tested I've ate it myself and he loves
these you can't go wrong with these bear
you don't just pop these in no need to
wash dishes Adam doesn't want to do any
dishes
so problems one organized boom
battle-tested BAM
one more two weeks is that right yeah
that's one day okay probably true Wow uh
let's go get uh instant noodles you've
been saying that that's true so everyone
knows moms are always right so I'm gonna
get him some sort of tacos and I'm
thinking huncles are burritos burritos
I'm looking at bags of burritos I was
again taquitos to no stinking taquitos
my like taquitos Oh Jimmy chunga is that
cheese in it chicken and cheese fucking
the date all right let me see shredded
at stake no beef burritos Peck along
with beef burritos taco beef Oh done
yeah no one else what you don't need to
play for corndogs
why do they have so many different
brands
just grab the state fair one there's a
freaking ribbon right there alright I
think we're almost there but you know
what we need
what about Uncrustables oh you loves all
the bulls he doesn't they were in the in
the fridge hasn't ate those yet
oh maybe another there but to say that
you never use it what about hot pockets
yes get some hot pockets
I know I see a light at the end of the
tunnel we're almost there I think you
know we gotta complete the collection
with ice cream
he loves ice cream those outshine bars
watch yeah I think he has an affinity
towards these oh banana babies oh the
dark wiener
okay we're we're gonna say I got
distracted we're gonna say what this
track bar dark wiener know that he would
want that that was a fucking cheesy joke
okay you caught me
oh the good ones are back here okay get
up sticks get up some drums and cook eat
anything oh yeah he's the garbage
disposal all right garbage disposal
Nadine oh you have a variety pack yeah
give him some Friday means buddy is like
yeah what else all right
the last and final thing Oh instant
noodles bingo I found that instant
noodles done that hard up there and it's
a little bit far for my hand because my
Wi-Fi mama of it my wife is very tall uh
beef or chicken get uh B count Oh God
frickin arms give you that's enough one
two three four five six seven eight nine
do I get chicken well let's get on just
get the Asian ones just ourselves no no
they don't have the good Asian ones here
fine
I think that's good enough though all
right I think this is pretty good we got
mr. noodles we're done all kinds of
stuff Hot Pockets chicken ice cream you
think we did a good job being parents
yeah no this is this is heart-attack
food so no yeah because I'm so fired
oh wait wait I really do we do a good
job as parents trying to keep our son
healthy or as parents trying to keep our
son happy which one did we do a good job
of taking care of our full-grown kid
happy you're healthy both half no four
healthy yes four Happy's and be happiest
buck so we've got you and everyone knows
that if if you're not happy in the mind
your body deteriorates so you can eat
like shit
but if you're happy you're healthy so I
guess we did a good job good job
we lo why are you always over there
staring at the rest you know
meatloaf get away from there
have a bitch yeah what's your mom doing
fun what is your mom doing hi mother is
that the winter gear you got for Europe
yep it's all right here
all right I want you guys to see what my
bear has to wear in order for her to
stay warm in Europe
I know but I'm actually really proud of
this because because of my experience in
Boy Scouts and my experience in the
military I helped my bear pick out a lot
of her clothes because I know how old
she gets so I want to make sure that
she's able to stay really warm during
the trip because if she's warm she's
gonna have fun she's not still worried
about the cold anything like that and I
also know how important it is for mama
bear to stay stylish because if it if I
had it my way I would just have mob bear
and like straight-up
arctic Navy SEAL type shit where her
fucking jacket is impenetrable from the
cold
but then she would just walk around like
a big Michelin Man so I know my best
luck second care so I got ma bear some
stuff so what is the first thing you're
gonna try on ah okay so we're trying it
on you don't me to show or talk about
anything you can talk about it you could
put it on but let's let's see if you've
been educated correctly because let's
start with the base layers and work from
far inside how base layers so I went to
our yard okay and these would be my base
layers right now uh oh look at that I'm
not cheating I swear okay good so I
bought um some what is this these are
yours actually but it's wool uh what are
these called Underpants
like long johns bad mamma jammas like
long johns but they're made out of wool
so um it keeps the heat in lets any sort
of like it also has like wicking
properties which means that if your
sweat or whatever that escapes but and
your clothes don't stay with on you
because that's the last thing you want
is to get wet when it's cold because
you're gonna be a little obstacle so
this is also made out of wool uh this is
also another base okay that's layer that
goes on top of the base layer just go on
like this I wanted it to look cute and
then you have little wool pants that go
on this and put these on right yeah and
then after you put these on that's when
you can start putting on the t-shirt and
then the sweating regular clothes yeah
so I went to urban outfitters this oh my
god okay so one one big mistake a lot of
people wear is they when they go in the
cold they think they just put on one
thick ass jacket it doesn't work that
way if you want to be warm you have to
put on multiple layers and that's how
you stay warm they call that layering
right and also it helps you regulate
your temperature better because if it
gets hella hot you can take off one
layer at a time and it's almost like
okay take away ten degrees to take away
ten degrees take away ten degrees or put
on ten degrees 10 degrees 10 degrees 10
degrees so mama bear not knowing that
that's cute but not knowing that before
she went to Urban Outfitters and got
this ridiculous sweater that is not
going to do anything for winter gear
well nothing no one no one has ever worn
urban outfitter stuff to climb Mount
Everest
people were Canada Goose North Face
brands like that
where that so this is the first layer
okay this is a second layer okay
also from Urban Outfitters if you guys
like this where do they have it in
different colors also that already looks
okay quotes quite snug that's they'll
actually do something yeah okay so
there's this I'm still kind of looking a
little bit cute and then if I want
another layer I got myself this one up
paw bear kind of help me pick he was
kind of against it but then when I
explained why I wanted to get it was
like okay and it's basically for the
layering sake yeah cuz in Europe because
it's snowing outside it's fucking
hellish cold yeah and then you go inside
a cafe and then it's friggin hot so um
there's this my little bestie vest which
is optional but the mandatories is this
right here this right here is so cute so
it's quilted right yeah quilted on the
outside uh I took a heather gray and
it's a long torso so mongor's really
Tasha's 511 so she needs things that are
long to actually cover her so the wind
doesn't just go from down here and then
straight into there and then polar pants
I'm already hot pretty hot but what I
like about this is creative bringing and
bringing in look at all the fur well
Marie it is inside yeah this is going to
definitely keep you warm up so it's
quilted and it's furry on the inside of
the pocket let me put this on it's so
cute you know what I also really like
about this it's it's fitted so it shapes
small bears uh or conforms to Mar bears
hourglass figure so although it's I mean
yeah you do look well BAM I can't even
fold my aunt look at and look buff cuz I
have something later you go that's what
that's why girls they suck out shopping
for staying warm even though they really
want to stay warm cuz they immediately
go i'ma get my thumb to my death and my
dad
daddy'd step up body but dippity Bupa
deep well this is great
zip it up and it conforms to you
conforms your body see funny house
what's up BAM you already like hello I'm
really making me sweat actually well if
that wasn't enough ladies and gentlemen
I went the extra mile this is just in
case cuz positive you do not know how
cold it is or how cold even giving up
I got a down jacket no the goal of this
bad boy is um we were trying to get ma
bear uh walking sleeping bag with a
zipper we know how cold she can get and
me and ma bear went to Paris a while
back when we first started dating and we
were freezing so I wanted to make sure
no ma bear again it were mice free look
at that that is awesome look at the
length
it looks great how do you feel in there
very hot
I feel really hot warm and toasty and
then I got these shoes that I talked
about in a different uni those are dope
and that's pretty yeah for my smell
that's fun so so the idea behind these
was I wanted it to make it kind of
all-terrain yeah and make it comfortable
for me to walk in because I've seen a
lot of um a lot of these snowshoes
they're really really thin there and
they don't make it for walkie this is
we're gonna be walking so much who else
but Nike would make a comfortable shoe
dope so that's it yeah that is her haul
she got a ton of stuff from North Face
we got gloves a lot all - yeah a lot of
base layers
I even got on my mom I know you said
that that was it but that wasn't it we
also got these from North days we did a
North Face haul specifically and their
tights right they're not ordinary types
cuz on the inside it's like a type of
fleets mmm so yeah its fleece so I'm
definitely wearing this on top of the
first base layer which is these wool
little long johns I'm not fucking around
this time
Europe now more now that we've seen all
of that there are two words you are not
allowed to say the entire trip exactly
I'm called you are not allowed to say
can we have can we have agreement fine I
won't say I'm cold
there's no excuse no excuse you have a
ton of clothes and being cute is an
excuse to be cold I know
fine but if I put a boo boo boo boo
don't put a put a full boo I don't even
match it doesn't matter you're warm
fine I don't like such a tourist you're
warm I'm so excited I Drive a lot of the
words you're warm
