good morning I just woke up and it's
11:30 which means I slept in and it
feels really good and I was gonna take
care of some errands today but does
someone over here wait turn the camera
someone was saying camera ok so maybe
that we should just do a do-nothing day
and just hold on hand out into the
Wardrobe I'm ready to go to the gym ok
I'm ready to go to the gym ok got the
sports bra and the sports underwear on
okay ready to go flip the camera around
let's look at this let me give you a
slow review let me give you a slowly
what slow reveal you're talking about
look at this who is the one that wants
to be a little more lazy what do you
mean I'm just I'm just in my little robe
yeah you woke up at 11 I already have my
makeup my hair did your makeup is messed
up your hair's messed up you're the one
that wants to stay in and do nothing I
feel like someone's taking this very
personal fine it was me okay I didn't
want I'm tired I just want to say Bart
was like we can go get my gun stuff we
can go do this stuff we can go and have
a fun day and I'm like I want to really
bad but we just work really hard can we
just stay in for one day and enjoy our
place we haven't even walked around our
neighborhood yet but that's considered
to it's a good neighborhood that's
considered doing something true I guess
I want to walk around with my eyes from
this floor this position and just like
scope it out that's my that's my
definition of what so that's the goal of
today do not do nothing yes
he sounds good to me
Jimmy papa yes yeah you know oh my
goodness look at that cuny puffy
stickers head up holy fuck you scared me
we can't take cuz your mirror is the
front mirrors full of water smut or
surfing yeah I want to follow him no
weak a because the Sun is directly in
front of us and there's a lot of water
but I'm gonna follow em all oh I can't
get can zoom into can i as you know that
weights are breaking to the video if
they stole the dog
you think they stole the dog dan that
fucking guy drives crazy for having a
dog that's hanging out of it um so we
just finished working out yep and you
just worked out with me and one of your
biggest complaints about that is that
I'm a horrible person to work out yeah
how is it okay you know what you're
getting better which is good but I
there's no renesis but push can't change
overnight and I the reason why I say
those remnants is it's because I'm like
a pain tomorrow it's gonna be easy work
out and then I'm haha like it's gonna be
easy tomorrow's gonna be bodyweight cuz
you know barbell workouts are Harley no
no he knows he will say stuff like it's
gonna be easy we're just gonna go up a
steep as hill we're gonna do sprint and
then you're gonna have to eat an ice
cream between each each set and then
you're going to do it again but you
can't throw because if you throw a
moment at ten more and he said but it's
gonna be super easy it's gonna be super
easy come on that makes it delicious you
know I hate ice cream will be diarrhea
well it's more body weight and body
building and that's easy because when
you have to do squats and you die when
you do squats but if we're just doing
right now you're getting too technical
baby all I'm asking is do you have is it
is it better now it is better why why is
it better paese better also not asking
why your makes play get to go get no I
don't want I don't want to hear about
what we're gonna do I don't want to
start crying
already don't really start working out
like crazy well you're getting better
because one you're complaining less
which is awesome and two you're just
kind of going with the flow when I tell
you to snap out of it which is a lot of
times you kind of defeat yourself you
snap out of it and I'm like good and I'm
glad that we're working out together
especially these days because we're
doing a lot of workouts together partner
workout like me you mean we're just
hitting and getting in the zone and
that's one of my favorite things about
working out is actually getting in the
zone you know when you play like a good
game of basketball volleyball whatever
it's like the game's over before you
know it and that's how I like to have my
workouts or just oh why does it sound
like your hand or custom that's making
the pause leather skin no negative eject
and then so I try to have my workout
sound like sex and it's awesome oh shit
well I'm looking forward to I don't know
if I'm looking forward to the sex or the
workout because they both sound painful
as fuck you said you love having sex
with me oh no it's so shaky when Jill's
mom comes it leaves the house in the
most beautiful and amazing shape ever
look at Jill's mom Pam oh yeah look at
her look at this clean ass table clean
ass kitchen look at the way the pillows
are organized the way the beds are
organized she even vacuumed the beds
vacuumed the carpet oh my goodness I
love it when your mom comes over why my
mom comes over I think so so for those
of you that don't recall cuz I don't
remember my mom has actually been
retired for a few years now my mom
worked out of school and now she's just
at home she's like God what do I do what
I do what I do
sounds like hey mom do you want to just
be an assistant for me and then so you
could like read my mail run errands just
stuff that like my
test to keep her busy at Bart and I yeah
don't have time to do so we even got her
a smartphone just to keep her mind a
little bit sharper and the communication
a lot easier because she has like a flip
phone and she refuses to change yeah so
then Bart and I started thinking of like
ways where we could stimulate her more
mentally yeah then have her be very
productive and involved in our lives uh
with stuff that she excels at so mom
being a mom she kicks ass at nurturing
organization um being on on top of us
about deadlines and stuff so it's it's
been really beneficial for both of us
yeah that's the reason why she comes
over um and she came at the perfect time
cuz um if you guys been watching from
back in the day TIFF was my assistant
before me and Joe's assistant and then
um she started get busy she opened up
her own channel and then she didn't have
time to assist anymore so it was like
the perfect thing where TIFF left off
Gino's mom came in and we get to page
eels mom so it's almost honestly it's an
excuse to pay her on our end and it's
her excuse to come hang out with us like
three times a week
but let me show you the amazingness
really oh my god you are bad look at
that look at the carpet the way it's
like scrubbed and vacuumed it's like oh
my goodness it just feels so good I wish
this camera had like a smell-o-vision
because it smells amazing everything is
nice in the bathroom now and everything
is just nicely wiped down and organized
Oh oh boy I said mom don't do the bed
she's like okay finally leave it alone
and she did bad hi Emma
you know what the most ironic thing is
everything that I love that she's doing
for the bears now is everything that I
dislike that I really got annoyed of as
a teenager should we tell me to clean my
room you know do all my shit on time
well you don't want to do it but you
want someone else to do for you no no
but but because she's such a stickler
with those things and
organization neatness cleanliness like
being on top of like all of that like
she's just a mom you know yeah I'm
multitasking like juggle made everything
as a kid I'm like good mom so knowing
let me just beard a doll and just do my
own thing
but now that I'm older I'm like Oh mom
thank you so much for doing all the
stuff I used to hate him before but now
I love it I know that's a it's a really
dope mutually beneficial mesh I love you
mom
pop up yes mama I'm hungry what are we
gonna do I'm hungry - I'm looking for
food right now where you have to pick
something and then I pick something
because you always leave it up to me
it's always like pop I'm so hungry what
do you want and I named one thing
they're like I don't want that what do
you want you want this I don't want that
so I don't get any help it's you're
hungry and you leave it up to me to
solve all the issues all right find my
butt all right so right now I'm craving
something very light and very clean
which I know is the opposite of me so we
just saw opposite so you want to she to
sushi you see why do you give me
attitude that I make a suggestion
that you make a suggestion and I don't
go along with it you did the exact same
thing to me
how about pizza how is that like how is
that like well so what they do is if you
don't know pizza they have this very
light tomato sauce and tomatoes very
juicy and the cheese it's it's white
it's clean it's not brown and sushi is
it's unhealthy sushi is not unhealthy so
you don't want to she know so she's too
light right now I'm freaking starving if
I'm starving I can't be eating napkins
look would you tilt your head
she's calling you on your bullshit money
you want sushi or pizza
if you want oh I knew it if you want to
share their no no if you want Pete that
come to me Bonnie
pass the fucking something creepy fuck
you want sushi come here father she's
licking the crap out of him oh she wants
sushi
oh you want sushi you want sushi a good
girl good girl
all right all right one more you have
one more chance meatloaf let's have
meatloaf me look do you want sushi or
pizza if you want pizza come to me me
look good no sushi sushi sushi sushi
much is begging me oh yay I'm throwing
video up about this what look at - sushi
yeah my girl good job yeah
sorry to get sushi okay I found a sushi
place called purgatory pizza that's
already spelled wrong well it has four
and a half stars 292 ratings let me let
me get a picture of this and see if you
like it fine let's just get pizza
no the rest of all you want you want a
little sushi the rest of the house
one sushi look it look it she's so
defeated no it's okay fun no bricky no
don't go
Oh bite a couple of mice come my pizza
nice what fine let's just do it but for
dinner we're getting sushi for dinner
for dinner for dinner
it's a compromise with uh-huh good job
Turkey we did it
what are you looking for mama bear ah
just a little movie Oh Miracle on 34th
Street what movie is that about it's
just I like any Christmas movies like
Christmas I love Christmas movies too me
too
I love it it's like it's just he's my
favorite holiday
my favorite holiday liar I promise you
didn't know that about me no I think I
knew that because we love Christmas
songs and stuff as soon as our local
radio station starts playing Christmas
tunes which is mid-november yeah both
you and I go crazy so I knew it was it
all Scrooged that's an easy flip I never
even watched that before there's a ton
of Christmas movies I never watch I've
only watched like home alone um all the
black ones I like black Christmas
Christmas because all the families come
together this one is a 1950 it looks
like a classic 1954 I've never seen it
and it has five stars on Netflix I think
we're going to watch this well are you
watching it to work as a background
while you're on your laptop or is it run
a little bit on my laptop and then if it
gets really interesting I'll probably
just close the laptop and watch it oh so
that's the mode of movie watching things
like in and out of things in and out
things you know it's pretty funny we
woke up this morning and our goal was to
not do anything and I think we are about
to just start not doing anything at 5:00
p.m.
yeah cuz you just took a shower I just
took a shower I feel really fresh it
looks like you got a an injury
your head really yeah but it's my it
took a little like um scrunchie type of
felt yeah seeing that he's mine I like
using it when I wash my face and I don't
want to wet my hair so I put it on it
covers this much of my hair yeah I can
wet my face and do whatever I got to do
it in my hair still stays dry well for
me I'm wearing it cuz um my hair is
really long now and so if I don't gel if
I don't wear a hat it's all up in my
face so it's uncomfortable but the funny
thing is my forehead so small that this
thing just covers my entire forehead and
it goes back to my hair which works
pretty good I'll get you some head bath
stuff even though you keep saying it if
I get it for me that I use just cuz you
love me I know but you love me so you
have to buy stuff for me fine I'll go
watch some Kenny Christmas fifties one
nineteen fifties you know me I'm a
sucker for um any old classic movie so
if it's 80s or 50s or 60s but if it's a
classic I love it but my favorite era in
movies is nineteen fifties because it
was a transitional period where the
actors were moving from stage acting to
actual movie acting so a lot of these
stars they were like a triple threat
they knew how to sing they knew how to
dance
um uh and then what's the third one you
had asked perf so yeah like you don't
see that anymore an artist like their
art they're either
recording artists or movie artists or
they're choreographers or something else
like they're all split up but in this
era like you had to be a true artist and
you need to know all the classical
training of being an artiste in an acht
or you know my favorite period is what
pizza fine how much longer does it get
to you I don't know I think like 30
minutes I'm starving
sorry papa you get you some chips I
think the pizzas here
thanks for my I wanna set about meet
some of their I know said I'm fucking
here
uh maybe over here yeah that's what I
got yeah we're the Wang's ways right
here
oh shit I got a meatlovers then crush
you know I love that thin crust okay
okay then you got that Hawaiian of
course you know you love everyone those
Hawaiian if you know wrong by when
with ranch and Wang's this is going to
be a very joyous day what do you want to
drink the good
brew beer you have mu here yep oh you
know the good stuff you know I also knew
that we were meant to be uh I think one
of the first times we went out usually
no one you always loop your lovers that
I know you and Nadine most people to get
coke or sprite or like you know orange
soda and when you told me you also like
root beer alls I'm beginning so you want
a little bit
how many loo beers we got oh we got two
I hum officially yeah Dean but no I did
it
yeah then I was you know cuz the other
dad saw me goes to zero Brittany was
because he's a fucking guy how did that
guy know that he would that you put in
the back cuz he knows I tried I try so
hard to save our food I try cuz he was
we were here and then he was I hate why
would he want us I'll take a coke
because Okanagan root beer and he just
went straight back no look and he knew
exactly where they were salsa that being
put help I did idea well you know has to
Ruby the name you better watch this
video I'm gonna know if I'm will have
until the last hole laughter we'll be
right
okay okay I'm hungry well it's good all
right fine
