all right so this has got to be a world
record look at this dude right here
meatloaf is pooping again and uh this is
his third time because he just pooped
here a second time look on freaking
watch out breaky you're gonna step into
it look how huge those things are that
looks like it's at least a pound and
earlier in the parking lot I think he
couldn't hold any more porn meatloaf he
was walking and he started pooping in
the middle of the parking lot Gio went
to get plastic bags to clean up the
parking lot but this has got to be a
Guinness World Book of dog records
because he pooped a big-ass pile it
looked like the size of a Chipotle
burrito and in here we got a bag of
jumbo marshmallows and then here we got
another bag of small marshmallows look
how big it is the Dookie is like it's
the size of her feet holy shit there's
like 20 founds feet in there Neal oh if
you are a shitting champion you are
truly my son I am so proud of you so
Kyle is sweating on my love microphone
right now and this is how up close and
personal the sound person has to get to
the cast and they're putting it on and
usually when you have a working
relationship it's pretty normal yeah but
when it's like two strangers and then
sometimes it's like this it's really
weird have you ever like had to put a
microphone on someone and then they were
like super smelly or something yeah
definitely um I think one time I had to
put a mic on a guy who was very hairy so
like it hurt like I checked with him
make sure is okay but yeah putting it on
him and then taking it off obviously I
ripped a lot of his hair out and it also
made him smell really bad so the mic and
everything afterwards smelled just as
bad have you ever taped someone so hairy
where you're like hey um
sir is it okay to just shave your chest
just I did I didn't ask him but he did
it himself
okay could you put two and two together
yeah exactly he was like oh this is
gonna happen like more consistently and
it's gonna happen often let me just
shave my chest sighs she associated that
was pretty fun they put this in the back
for me
yeah right in the butt yep well I'm
right on my right side I might say yeah
I like doing it on my rights I gotcha
have you ever um
have you ever had to put it on like a
super hot girl that's like wearing very
little and then you're like in your
heart you're like I wish I could squeeze
them right now but this is a
professional environment exactly I
always I always feel bad because it's
like I have to maintain professionalism
and not be creepy yeah so--but not being
creepy like the like it's easy easy for
me you know just be a should be myself
be professional but at the same time
underneath him like wow you're really
pretty yeah I think that's that's one of
the difficulties I would face if I was a
sound guy or if I was a photographer
taking pictures of hot girls I'd like
I'm gonna try to stay professional but
this is very difficult to do it is
really hot in here what's going on let
me look at the temperature maybe someone
forgot to turn on the a/c oh my god they
did forget to turn on the a/c it's so
hot and he got terrorized
they asked the problem was working with
empties every time you work at the
amateur they don't turn any fear you
feel the everybody get sweaty it was
makeup slows down in the circuit all wet
so good thing I turn on the a/c that I
feel actually cool and inhabitable in
here good there and 73 degrees know how
to live we get upset at 71 it was a 71
there's no McHugh meterpreter 73
everybody could have a fever what's
wrong with you I didn't have time to
like oh shit like you know
you okay so you go ahead I was on it
little boy scam where's the levels at
what can I see where the levels at like
right there okay Josh can't do it one
more time oh god Josh it didn't seem
that loud on the meters it because you
already leveled them a little bit yeah
oh but it is really loud though is that
your rape scream like if you're to get
raped that's how you call for help
how would you offer up this gang rape
that sounds like you're enjoying it
oh cool Christmas tree nice nice
who else are you testing next yeah I'll
do Josh if you want to test other people
what's up well you you know that piece
so we'll do it again yeah like I'm talk
to me about your day Bart yes
why are you gonna test my audio yes this
morning I woke up and it felt really
nice so I decided to brush my teeth in
bed and then I sang a couple of songs
and then we were dancing and then
meatloaf pooped all over the place is
that loud enough okay why we're doing
down there
are you in the Christmas tree now oh is
that underwear oh no it's uh
I thought I was golden underwear that
goes with the outfit that's dealt oh my
goodness that's what I want to be for
Halloween a Christmas tree that's
fucking awesome it's nice and warm
alright so we have what we call the
ornament challenge right no stop it
Robin yo handz elimination challenge
okay so hence the name no hands
decorating challenge we have our
Christmas trees this is the starting
line Christmas trees would be at the
very end of the set over there by the
fence and each team of two's will come
up and do the whole bobbing kissing
thing majiggy and then you're going to
take this ornament all the over to the
other side and you'll see these hooks on
them strategically place for awkward
interactions when once you place I see
that little things yeah so let me guess
is it the
eyes on the guy and a girl on a girl
girls on girl perfect
oh it's a threesome all the way through
the whole day do you want me to lift the
tree up that's a smiley face tutors eyes
on a smiley face
awesome so and then this game is going
to highlight everyone's teamwork in your
specific pairs and also the innuendos
that come with the placement the
ornaments on the tree
alright so that's the focus and that's
about it's pretty straightforward game
these are the cutest Christmas trees
I've ever seen yeah can we get the
Christmas trees the husband-and-wife
Christmas trees to hug and kiss yeah Oh
tree sex tree sex
it's okay to have trees outside this is
trees it's just nature
lunchtime what do we get
Oh Thai food does it really is this part
really tired of this part is it but it
looks like a like Chinese it looks like
orange chicken but we've had it from
here before and it's bomb I don't know
what they do but it's so good pineapple
fried rice where's that not the little
this one's getting tired right oh that
one's that this was a lot nod or
something just try to I'm not a honey
let's eat let's - that's that's you oh
that's a yogurt curry chicken I love
Thai food Allah type of my I do more
than Chinese food s / - yes why do you
hate Chinese people why do you hate
Chinese people what do they ever do to
you rocks that represent whatever
seafood my people yeah wait how come how
come y'all like I don't know I feel like
these kind of like more safer flavors
that I feel like I'm not a get that way
yeah with the other one I has a lot of
crazy spices to it oh I see uh it's not
crazy spices are they stir spices my
brain or maybe it's the combination of
flavors yeah I guess so cuz sometimes
Chinese food it's like when you play
your mouth like one side it's like knows
how that bow oh it's just like this
bouncing thing in your fucking mouth
yeah it sounded Chinese it is it's a wow
it's a that's how you say I love you in
the Sichuan Province audience yeah yeah
yeah
I'm gonna go how is that one mine I like
a lot of that yeah I know
can you also hook me up with a lot of
the curry the curry I love curry I like
all kinds of curry I like Japanese curry
I like Indian curry Thai curry
Vietnamese curry
what other kyra Sh
I like Indian Canaries you never had
Irish curry it's good wood just beer I
never did Irish clay before
no what is that like it's us I want this
Irish bar and you know I like the
British they they kind of ruled India
for a while yeah so there's a lot of
stuff that got brought to Britain and
then Ireland and all that stuff like all
in that UK region yeah and I ate this
Irish dish and it was French fries on
corridos delicious french fries and
curry yep that is amusing but yeah hell
yeah I think but that sauce is
definitely give me that potato on the
rise thank you
oh yeah oh yes baby I'm trying to give
you a little bit of everything
thank you you should have seen me the
first couple of days I had two plates in
my head what was yours almost mine and I
was like that's right dear no no no no
good literally in my hands oh okay it's
not my hand right now this is me
cheating
fine can you uh give me at least like
twice that amount of food I'm gonna
destroy that oh I'm trying to make sure
everyone gets are we the largest people
that I have I don't know I think we are
well if you want even more you come back
no no no I don't like leaving what you
know no point give me the stuff that we
have a lot of like we have a lot of this
I'm down for that you yeah I'm ready got
a space do you want me to prioritize
something that's ready on here give me
more and then mount on top this what
I'll do it this is my plate yes that's
your point okay I just take care of
myself
oh okay and then got the rest then I got
the oh shit I wash my hands boom done
see now that looks like a full plate
compared to that my boy Yaga had two
more dishes to put all right thank you
my back you on fire I am I just finished
lunch so we're about to start our second
filming session and usually that's when
the food coma kicks in and I get tired
and I need my energy back up it's about
finished day strong so I'm getting my
little booster my little black coffee
probably grab one of these doughnuts
right here you're now saying
that who are you doing over here
learning the language of here man
really Mandarin and another matter how
can we tell their Mandarin um because
it's the language of the future is it
that's right here I don't know like the
top three languages um it's English
Spanish Mandarin so yeah I got two down
I think if you know English Spanish and
Mandarin you could probably get around
the entire world just missing one more
language and that's the hardest one
oh I originally wanted to learn
Cantonese yeah family one we would have
connected them and you connect with
people through Thank You chef
so um yeah I put I went to Hong Kong and
I really wish I was able to like you
make it with them but I mean that was
like we were just starting biggie from
too hard but um we got and then I told
this family to like you know I really
want to learn Cantonese if if I want to
communicate with you guys you know if I
intend to be a part of this family so
this dad speak Mandarin a lot of
Cantonese speakers actually speak
Mandarin yeah so that's actually what
they told me when I was in Hong Kong
they were like don't waste your time
learning Cantonese is a dead language or
it's a dying language yeah because they
want like all the time' to only speak
Mandarin and I never tell them you just
learn Mandarin and will be able to
communicate regardless to bei know
Mandarin as well so I'm like okay and
then throughout these years I've just
been sitting in the background but now I
found a new app and it's a it's like a
different so instead of like just
learning like repetition my code kind of
like the
duolingo does it yes kind of like just
repeated repeated repeated that's how
you get to learn it this other app they
make you think in that language oh I've
just been sitting here for the past like
how I think I already know ready master
the language and not a master but I
think I'm pretty good I mean just for
like one hour of study that's pretty
sick
yeah cuz I think like kind of like you
know you don't really know something
until you could teach someone so really
helps out if you're able to think in
that language or say it in your own
words so that's really cool I'm down to
practice with you my mandarin is getting
more and more shitty cuz I have no one
to practice with my mom oh yeah
so you got you gotta convince her to do
it my mom's not here and my mom's
usually the only person that uh I can
practice Mandarin with and my dad is
here but my dad's Mandarin is worse than
mine cuz he speaks Cantonese so he
speaks Mandarin with the really funny
sounding accent and then after talking
to him for a long time I start to
develop his accent when my Mandarin was
actually really good like this feels
very uh standard sounding before oh yeah
we've got practice don't give
that works together awesome
this guy is hilarious
every time we're about to leave he
always runs up and gets food watch it
here the leash gets hell excited runs
back to get the food that's so funny
he looks back at the leash eating that's
funny mom bear oh shit food I don't know
that processes yeah this is at home too
as soon as we're about to leave he gets
hell excited and he goes and eats food
no wonder you're so fat
meatloaf no wonder you're so fat
how come no one else does that okay he
runs back and he's not ready so he gets
food again me love you big freaking
cutie did he leave a crumb on poun head
come on you need to do this little
skinny are really more meal of it's too
much look how skinny there you go fun
yeah get in some way you need to start
bulking me love you you keeping you
you're cute and you make me and your mom
very very happy you think he's CUNY we
got food at home I got the same exact
food at home no this is a cheaper grade
really yes this is like something I got
at the supermarket the other one is one
the good stuff yeah it's like a bag like
this is like 30 something else well it's
the blue one right oh that's the good
stuff
all right well it's time to go home
we're really tired of being here all day
okay kids it's time to go home yeah look
it I see it right here
really dark circles these are getting
tired I see it
Dave applause I think I had it too many
times
yeah look look right there Oh does a lot
well my eyes are so pretty
they are I love guys you probably Vicki
that supposed to be a joke what I think
you can't
