all right so if you haven't noticed it
is another holiday themed JK party that
we're shooting today we give the firings
fly-ass soup it looks so good on him
he's the only guy that can rock this and
then we have gone with the Adler's we
have these over here flirting for do
with the Christmas letter what else what
else
Oh everything's all Christmasy themed
over here look at that
there it is
so we're gonna be singing Christmas
carols and we have to know the lyrics
and I'm going against Bart and I don't
know what Bart is I want to use Bart I
want to I want to take his tactic
I think I might lose just because I'm
not practicing like everyone else here
you know he won so that
the pot is over here where is yeah
the other part is I just got some Intel
that Bart was asking Casey for some tips
and Casey over here was nice enough to
give me some advice so he was saying
he's like you know what this is what I
told him because I told them how to sing
the song
so in essence I'm not cheating don't
call me a cheater I am just gathering
Intel so I know how to attack my enemy
because we're seeing the exact same song
over going head-to-head however this is
what I told Casey I was just telling
Casey that I am absolutely fucked
because Bart can sing like a
motherfucking angel and I cannot all I'm
gonna rely on is just accuracy I've
shown you do Thank You Sean he's got a
fucking angel voice so I know it didn't
lie snot lit up I did he's interrupting
my blog there is now it's on well that
was a good interruption by the way but
yeah I don't think I'm gonna win I'll
let you guys know what happened but I
can't wait for these videos to come out
they're all coming out this summer
we're going at the end of November so
that means the editors are trying to
fuck because they only have all week to
edit the videos but it's alright there
you go Michael anyway
they're gonna win 20 minutes to win this
hell yeah 20 minutes of practice I'm up
against some really steep competitions
I don't know wonderful it's gonna happen
today that's the punch selling just to
shut him the fuck up so I win I'm gonna
do hi papa
we just did this thing you do it and I
know things Star Challenge the things
are challenged yeah and I know that
singing is one of your passions yeah how
did it feel good I like singing the
songs that I like I tripped I'm tripping
okay tell me so I like singing the songs
that I like I don't know Christmas songs
that well and I also like only focus I
like so you didn't have a good time at
all I had a lovely time I love singing I
think it's really fun because it's like
instrument that's born in your body yeah
so you don't have to bring like drums
around you just sing with their mouth I
never saw that's a cool instrument yeah
I keep trying to frame you in you you
keep moving oh really I'm sorry
cool well I think you did a great job
though I found out something about the
scene star that's cheating what so the
scene start if you get anyone knows
about how music is structured the second
verse is always more climactic than the
first verse but it always gets the
second verse to the other team so the
other team is always gonna have the
better verse no matter what so if you
guys are developers for seeing start you
should alternate during a competition to
have the good first go on the other side
too because that's just how verses I
mean I just
Sandler structured fine you lost me but
no you don't like every song so for
example the sect the best first for a
song for any song it's usually the
second first because the first one you
know you gotta go up the hook the first
comes in oh shit he lays bars bars bars
hook and then that hook is already
beefed up and then the second person
that's when Beyonce Mariah Carey goes to
town here's the breakdown right after
this gotta be more climatic that whole
part was reserved for you guys only Wow
always be on the blue team and they will
always give you the best person and he's
saying that's why we won but I think we
want actually because we were just a
better singing crew no I don't know I
think he's right it's not a very
accurate game so once you pick up the
patterns and it's easy for you to bring
it and win it so not that we've rigged
it but we definitely want it now I got
to change so
she's referred to my little elf ears I
don't know they were here I don't know
look at your is this yours or is it J
this day K so my ready actually told
sigh I went up to Byron and the hey
Brian check this out and he was like I'm
glad you like it because I bought this
thinking of you I don't like for real
like ya don't like I love it and I have
to where you got it and you told me
Walmart oh sure yeah is it like a
crochet
oh no it's Inc notes but it's pretty
nice it was really comfy too so I'm
actually thinking about buying one
myself when I go to Walmart
speaking of festive attire what is one
of your happiest holidays happy and why
like who your favorite holiday
once I think my favorite would have to
be definitely Christmas because I think
that's the time when majority of my
family so so I know like so the reason
why I chose Christmas is because I know
that majority of my family is home
because I know that not everyone can
make Thanksgiving but like Christmas is
actually a time everybody's home the
weather is nice and cold which I really
like and I love layering and food that
comes with it too I think it's just like
the even though like the foods I have at
Thanksgiving versus like Christmas is
pretty similar but I think Christmas was
just more festive and I think the colors
are a lot more vibrant don't get me
wrong
fall is really nice fall actually it's
like let's season I do enjoy it as well
but yeah I agree 100% for the exact same
reason yeah yeah and then it just the
airs crisper yes I agree
I also agree what are you doing what is
this this is called magic you stick it
onto your chest yeah you just work my
ears are your ears everyone your ears so
what is it really
it's not even visible what are you
talking about - so the magic he's
referred to is called the love yeah and
it's short for lavalier and it's
actually a little microphone right here
you see that can you see that oh there
it is it's a little microphone and then
he is putting that DJ well you're not
gonna put it on me but he's the DJ that
listens to all of our voices and
sometimes I whisper dirty stuff to Bart
now like oh shit did they hear me yeah
and then it sounds like you're you're
whispering it to the entire I'm not I
try not to go and then I look and I'm
like ah shit but you guys will make a
reaction so I feel like you guys never
heard me no listen you've never heard
okay what's the funniest thing you've
heard so far
it's someone being in the restrooms that
was pretty funny and I would just keep
listening you're like are you gonna have
washing hands did they wash their hands
yeah
so now can you hold this for me all
right so with this lavalier there's a
piece of tape and it's actually to go
right between my boobs and the tape is
what so that you don't hear the
scratching yeah it also helps stay on to
your chest the adhesive is what helps it
stay on so it doesn't fall off and it
also covers the mic a little bit so the
wrestling sound won't be as apparent and
then this is the transmitter and this is
what used to pick up and your butt and
then it stays there throughout the whole
game so if you ever had like this
moments where like you feel like
uncomfortable I think kind of like don't
say you think that's why it's because
they have something I know what you're
talking about but this is what the mic
picks up and then it sends a signal this
other thing with it and it's an
invisible C signal to his station over
there over there and then he can hear
when people pee and don't wash their
hands especially when okay there's a car
dying I'm good gross girl look at her
she looks so happy right you know what
she's looking at what are you looking at
blackhead removal look at that shit I'm
not looking at the juicy one
she definitely rose I don't understand
what is satisfying about it I'm sure
there's some sort of therapeutic release
or something or like stress relief in
that but seeing some sort of gross
distraction wait is it distract notify
destruction it's called a what is it
called not a refraction think I'm making
it work but seeing that release and that
cleansing I guess is very therapeutic
for her but I don't get it I just want
to throw up and I Oh why I rather see
massages and like how they make frozen
yogurt or something more soothing but
that is wrong I'm out about that life
she was so happy a little too happy just
just as I haven't been sexy so I gotta
prove her wrong Jess you bullies sexy Oh
why would she ever want to have sex with
you and I you can't wait to help him
look stupid
you're thin then okay so it is 10 p.m.
and I'm still at the office see my desk
Aaron's not there but lucky who we had
here
who we've got the paw bear right next to
me it's a rare because poppers usually
not on this side of my desk but you know
who else is always here that's not where
Bonnie fine phony patina fine damn she
just is this little bitch what's your
password for your thumb
yeah all right as I was typing it in but
obviously it's not it's oh oh is this
your GrubHub gmail I'm sorry on it it
was already on there so it's good to be
anything else you know if it was gonna
be this one
maybe well like I was saying what do you
think I gotta make sure you damn it babe
well it's rare that the paw bear is next
to me because one he has his own office
but - um fuck you're just never here
especially like yeah you just never hear
you're never next to me what do you
think next to me I'll be nice - it's
just I have my meetings over there I'm
his date I'm kidding
um don't stress me I'm so tired you're
gonna make my eyes explode oh my god did
you for it no okay fine
um but it's cool because right now we
are picking up dinner and because we
live such crazy busy lives right now um
we don't have the luxury of cooking
dinner at our own place and even if we
did I don't know if I would be cooking
what's going on I'm making do is it's
your safe credit card the correct one
can I just go please order no I don't
know what that one is just do anyone why
do you got all these random things in
the world is it because it's so he's
ordering food from Chora pub right now
and it's my own profile yeah I can save
whatever stuff I want to save on my own
profile why are you saving stuff you're
not gonna use those well cuz it probably
expired
I recently stopped using certain credit
cards because I got a new one that's
gonna earn
points and trust me guys you definitely
few have a good credit you def doesn't
want to apply for those credit cards but
anywho I was saying how even if no even
if I had a time um right now I don't
cook very well aren't doing very much um
you don't cook often but when you do
cook it's pretty good well but yeah I
don't cook often and I feel like it's
just due to a lack of an experience so I
don't have the time to get that
experience so I have a bunch of
different little bookmarks with food
delivery services like post mates and
eat 24 which is yelps and GrubHub ate my
food is successful who did you order
them and and our where'd you order I
ordered come to tongue which is like
this Korean no not come to Tahoe yeah
that's Korean I'm ordered can she get
ordered
I ordered kimchi jjigae the Korean
kimchi and pork belly soup and also told
katsu I'm gonna or I'm gonna eat from
your food I asked you if you wanted
Indian you said you said you wanted oh
shit sticky fingers is here we look how
thick he is where are you going with
your desk what are you doing over the
end fuck Murray I've been talking to N
all day we Tiki what are you taking I
have the key imma give it to you okay
but you just have to promise me that
you'll lock everything up and not make
copies and then sell them on the streets
don't worry I'll bring it back thank you
thank you bye uh yeah so you order so
ordered kimchi jjigae i also ordered a
punk cook too
oh yeah yeah yeah everybody told me that
um but wait we're gonna share because
you initially told me that you wanted to
get ramen
for something super so I went for first
the the faux wasn't delivering and then
I went for ramen and then Rama doesn't
deliver this late excuse me that's 100
Berk and then I found Korean and those
kimchi jjigae on my I quote I was just
going down the list I really wanted fuck
its buzz very clean tasting and it just
makes me feel good cuz I'm really tired
but I'll go with kimchi jjigae fine you
know when it gets to the end of the day
it starts scratching everywhere on the
way your leg ochite yeah anyway well I
think I'm gonna get some on Aegean
Indian furniture in June okay I'm gonna
get it I'm gonna get it just like to
have some of it fine are you gonna share
yes
okay you guys already better share with
me I'm sure you guys feed it shows good
night
good job today good night yeah see you
tomorrow
Wow look creepy
oh no that's where the parking lot is
over there but I think that's where the
ghosts are hiding fuck now oh my god oh
thank god the lights turn us about to
start running I was so scared I am like
so stupid ridiculously afraid of the
dark one I don't know what it is I think
they just have like a super imagination
and then I just create this whole crazy
world in my head you're a big baby
what I am I was just tortured as a kid
okay not literally but
Oh craziness
rebuilding the blue whale
it looks like that ramp is closed to be
the very construction maybe
yeah there you go oh we love
cute boy
he's waiting to go inside the truck he
can wait look at him he can't wait he
can't wait dad let me in I can't wait
sit
Wow Wow stuck
but maybe we should take off the leash
look at that one good girl good girl get
it girl
watch your toes good I'm such a mom I'm
such a mom Monty the cutest babies ever
say goodbye to your dreams look at that
right okay that was freaking fast I just
came I pooped changed look good so this
is comdata it's the pork neck bone oh I
love that do my baby
what does that mean how you gonna show
me stuff in a styrofoam it's uh it's
really hard to enjoy what are you
looking for up there behind your head I
might have liked cooking bowls no it's
gonna be a little bit smaller yeah just
do it
alright I got a pork neck bone soup oh
oh it's nice and piping hot oh hell yeah
at the big potato oh man it smells whoa
what else goes in there oh that's it I'm
gonna either like this with my rice and
I get all the I think Korean dishes
called Han Xiang yep well my little come
on cheese ease oh the bean curd and they
hook it up here oh my god Kim cheesy
mine easy
they also got the the freakin cheesie's
radish and then they also got the bone
queasy and then the freakin Oh the
dippity-do disease oh and this is the I
believe that katsu sauce um and I have
my feast me too BAM right here if any
but a beam I'll share with my sides with
you oh shit why is it I don't know where
you got that from who said it was down
today or is it boo who said it was
downstairs I don't know what would it be
on its way maybe oh it's not already not
that I know now I'm just teasing I'm
gonna wait but also no one not probably
more usually one into it is to eat a
little bit of this and they're not even
touching the entire now you gotta check
this out so remember that Korean Mike's
dude place you've been going to I don't
know this is from there or not but this
is another place and I'm asking you to
come check it out because I know you
like Korean side dishes man look at that
BAM meet those things pork
yeah they came in all you had on it but
they had the beef versions of it oh yeah
that one called so long tongue that's a
beef and how can you tell it's like pork
that's right you cook because he knows I
don't know but there's a more version I
mean a beef version and now a mom
See Mom papa right here makes me want
scream kind of regretting not every I'm
all done and your food barely got here
you know it's crazy though what I got
food for you because you wanted some
this 100 samosas
you know I could eat samosas God ever is
the most I could always have room
samosas
yes well as you get oh is that the
cilantro lime that's what I love about
Indian food cilantro lime and a tamarind
sauce oh yeah I love Indian food too
what is this uh that I don't know oh
yeah victim masala you got to t cos well
good night you said you wanted some so I
don't know if there's gonna be enough to
share here so I got an additional one
dang well how about this you could eat
this tomorrow no no eat this today I
don't eat that eat that today and
tomorrow
I can eat this I have rice oh yeah
perfect
that's a different kind of rice but I
think you can make work tomato it does
tandoori chicken with some garlic and a
nice keys oh my dear lord I love garlic
naan is is that an Indian densified does
that
why do Bollywood the names Persian it's
like they all kind of who's there you
can't just generalize like that who's
they go put up cigarette put out the
cigarette go just like this put it out
and there was a light bulb in the pet
the dog who told me that then what other
person go that looks like you with
really black hair luscious lashes I have
no idea all right next to me while we
eat yeah I need a company you know as a
little kid um I was such a fat ass baby
like I was a fat toddler um so I would
finish eating right I would leave a book
with my toys and as soon as someone came
home and ate I would sit next to them
and I would eat with them oh look you
kid so now find out well okay thank you
all right so finish my dinner but look
at this right there wow I am exhausted
and I think that it's time for me to go
to bed look at these guys
look at these guys usually be to home
baby usually pick you for tea I love you
when you stretch a lot when you stretch
off is so good
wait one sit sit big girl big girl
you're such a good girl you should I got
girl oh yes
girl look at her fangs she only knew how
fucking bad ashes I think if she knew
how about how she was
where is she wouldn't be afraid of the
world but guys really keep my eyes open
someone get ready for bed I'll see you
guys tomorrow
