we're continuously trying to better our
production which is why we have the JK
new set but then we shot there and you
guys said that it looked kind of fake
and not so good so we're bringing it
back to the old office and that's what
we're shooting just getting news today
but we're still trying to make it look
better so we have these professional
lights and then we have these kind of
ghetto bootleg bounce boards but I think
it does actually make a difference see
if you look at David's face there's a
little bit of whiteness on there Julia's
face there's a little bit bounce let's
look at Megan's and Tiff's face can you
guys look at the camera are you smell
your armpit what do you do you where
does this smell good or no cucumber how
come guys don't do that guys don't go
like hey let me smell you let me smell
your armpits David oh good
it smells like Cologne do you use a
cologne deodorant yeah cuz it doesn't
smell like regular deodorant yeah so we
use it when people smell me they think
it's the Cologne but I just use my
cologne deodorant so it smells just like
money it's the same so it's the same
cologne that you have they put it in a
deodorant so you could just wear one or
the other what do you use huh what do
you use or the secret it's a secret
secret okay I know I hate telling people
like what cologne I use cuz they start
buying it I don't tell them so go on no
going back to your girls dark a circles
if you look at their eyes right now you
don't see that the typical dark circles
I see in real life but then when I move
it Oh tell me locked it and really good
son of a-- okay so if you look at the
screen wow look how pretty they look
that's nice
take away the bounce board it's fucking
crazy I know it should mean I know what
you mean see girls guys will call this
nigga hands
we got to start shooting what are you
doing - making food right we're about to
start shooting mom they're all right
let's go
uno dos tres lights camera so a lot of
us in this room are degenerates aka
David the main one and then Joe he was a
troublemaker in high school as well as
me I committed crimes and did some bad
stuff when I was a kid is there anything
that we don't know about you are you a
criminal or were you a former criminal
and have you done anything bad before no
but one time I stole a keychain from
Walmart because I was trying to show my
sister experimental felon that's all
you've Det that's all you've done yeah
mr. bubbles in a complexes jacuzzi
before and I got a badge from that
apartment complex so you've never like
touched a baby or you've never all right
inappropriately okay
so you've heard it here first Megan's a
baby touch her see how easy it could
pull where's the people's mouths it
wasn't three Oh guys we gotta roll again
we literally rest like one minute in
between takes so we got to get things
moving we're shooting 40 articles today
and once again David was late so we
don't have that much time
oh it's not like we start at 10:00 I
came at 9:53
no you you were early and you were three
minutes before time haha but you weren't
you relate to the call time yeah you are
you relate to the Condor no no no no no
excuses that happened on Friday two days
ago buddy
why did you get a car by dr. Z it was
possible Davis but it never works
there's possible and in Everson
so this is how busy we are we are on JK
news lunch break in the middle of
filming but we have to rush to the new
place to try to move the paperwork Ford
of gaining our new pad because this is
the only time we have and by Wednesday
if we don't sign these documents this
house goes to someone else and we don't
have time today or Wednesday so we are
here now and we're eating on the bench
Jill's making her a little talk host and
tiff came along because she wants to
check out the pad and she got really
excited for us yeah so we're just
waiting here we're gonna eat really
quick like under 10 minutes and then
also wait for a real estate agent to
come and assist us with the paper what
do you think of the place all fart if it
does cuz everything looks so like clean
and no one trashed it yet yeah that's
Mexico what's Mexican oh the style style
right
I can't wait to be inside
I think you guys all like it - what do
you right now sump okay and what are you
eating
I'm like eat my food and then we're
gonna go inside and sign the papers
we're not trying to fuck around I gotta
eat this and in our real estate should
be here in about ten minutes and we'll
sign the papers and rush back to just
Union
back at JK news about to start at about
five seconds but davidís time is
interesting story about all is it a
tummy boy yeah so like there's this
korean culture thing with that something
called told me girls at home you boys
yeah and these are like s course
basically and the male escorts are set
to make a lot more money it's like some
fun mcgrath shit
what is it told me but what do they look
like a good k-pop star in a town you
look like little curly-haired fucks you
a nice skin they're like these a really
cute kpop looking boys and they'll
basically hold themselves around not
really call themself cuz they don't have
the fuck up but they just show them a
good time they'll make out with these
like old además and basically these
ahjumma's are said to be like super
bitter because their husbands cheat on
them all the time they're businessmen oh
honey and then they'll use that on these
told me boy didn't have a good time
while they're all having their fun and
it's just like this vicious cycle but
he's told me once we'll make a few
random on a weekend doing shit like that
so everyone's just cheatin left or right
yep i think a lot of money already like
a cutter sorry okay sorry I jumped the
gun cut since you have a female figure
that is that Tommy boys that female
figures they have like the the wire eNOS
of a soft girl have you have you ever
seen a Tomy girl in k-town cuz I was
here then but I've never seen them
before a guy walking around with two
Korean chicks on both of his arms those
are two fucking Tony girls what about
them what about just one booking
15 clubs what about if it's just one
girl how can I spot a told me it grows
it because her butt cheeks are hanging
off yes I don't know if you'll be able
to tell like that but you don't like
that one place that we always go to for
poo that you get yeah you know that
karaoke spot right yeah don't you see
dudes with all those chicks on their
arms every time oh yeah Tony girls and
they get the bonum know if they want to
do it on the side they can but that just
makes him a hooker now they're no longer
at all what's the what's the difference
but is Tony mean it's a Spurs so that
you show have a good time pour drinks
down their throat they'll make out with
them but they won't fuck how do you get
them to fuck you you gotta ask them like
hey you want to do it afterwards and
they go
I don't I never met a girl who does that
and your social they would maybe make a
lot of friends
you know there's apps to do that now
right homey apps not told me ass but you
do there's an app where it's just live
streaming but you get paid yeah oh
what's the name of this app live stream
maybe I should do it so I can nice star
live star and then people they just get
butt-naked under and you pay them here's
the thing my friend actually got me into
it cuz she works for them
what do you mean into it like you're
subscribed to I told me boy on there
what am i into it talk to people live
streams oh okay you make money so people
make like thousand be like there's one
chick makes like a thousand dollars a
week now just talking to people if it's
like an hour hour yeah cuz I would go
watch her someone what can you fucking
like want to talk to this person about
just makeup and like how sweet a yeah
okay oh sure that's pretty sad that's
pretty good let the people just stay on
and like they just like there's like an
apps you can purchase gifts so you have
like a raucous shit a cake or whatever
it may be the emoji and that's like 10
cents to 20 cents to $1 sounds kind of
like life died me and they just like
press the fucking let me shit out of it
right and so accumulates alone yeah
that's crazy
hi Paul back potato how you feeling
you'll tell the truth yes I feel funky
this is Austin I think on the last JK
News article my eyelids are about to
shut down but I wake up they're filming
and filming Oh careful
I'm coming Charlie no more car accidents
yeah like on these days I will shoot 40
articles I'm so exhausted and like
usually like I take that nap you know
during my lunch break but because we had
to sign the papers today yeah which is
crazy because we signed it today but I
felt like I sign papers like he does oh
yeah and then normally our routine is we
finish these articles or we finished
with me taking and then all of us we get
together and we conclude and we wrap up
our night with getting some food
the first time and I think ever that
we're going straight home
just because tomorrow we have to go to a
party early in the morning that's extra
time practice and it's 3012 and so we
haven't gone home yet we still need to
get home get dinner get ready for bed so
we're looking at maybe 130 going to bed
probably having to walk the dogs or
something oh my god I feel so bad really
really really really want to give him
something to say thank you because he's
been like the amazing uncle recipe
obesity and and I wouldn't trust my dogs
with anyone else maybe like JK people
but not even maybe but yes for sure JK
people but I like wake up the dog
washers and then you know because we're
gonna go on vacation or enough that find
a not a boarding school for dogs what is
it called
Audrey hotel doggie hotel and I'm just
kind of not looking forward to that
something please take care of my babies
I don't
these strangers so it feels really good
knowing that our babies are with
somebody that really really really
really loves them
we're doing all of that for us
I am exhausted but I think I'm very
sensitive to Asian Cathy
not that there's a an ethnic
but during our lunch Julia asked if I
wanted some those Asian tease
so it's like green mint what is it milk
green tea ice cream milk ice cream milk
metros beyond because there's no such
thing as green milk I always think of
milk green tea oh you know what it
throws me off cause I say it in Chinese
that's why ordering
Chinese yeah that's I have the hardest
time remembering what it's called cuz I
always say
milk that makes sense in English to
Chinese because it is a Taiwanese drink
and I'll try my best remember penalty
but yes I ordered green milk tea and
drinking half of that it I just get
wired as fog it feels like I drank
coffee you know i rana CLE
for a booster so I ordered we all know
that tea shop classes suck
I don't know why I forgot and they
probably have coffee from it like I said
I was drinking like a sweet drink why
did you get it
I wanted to prepare forgot that tea
houses are known for teas yes well you
wouldn't give all that Starbucks you
don't let's lean on them that Bulba from
Starbucks is the exact example you used
on David because he wanted to get a
Honda Ridgeline in your life oh they
getting sticky
but you did that here we don't care
like I usually buy the right branch the
right stuff yeah you're pretty onto the
bastard am sure but it's definitely an
exciting day as exhausted as I am I
can't help but fall asleep with a smile
on my face because ha bear and while
there are starting a brand new chapter
in a brand new life-changing event in
their lives
no I'm saying that I was saying
something cutie and I'm just saying as
tired as I am I'm very happy to sleep
with a smile on my face because well
yeah we're also getting stay in your
lane buddy you're swerving here I'll put
it in the middle of us I can't it feels
oh yeah we're gonna get a house together
and like it's fuckin qu shit ever
because now we both have our garage that
we can drive it to we have our own house
like while we will have our I've never
owned a house before
I've never owned a house but I've walked
through the process a little bit
that helped my mom get her second house
yeah but this our old real house yeah I
feel like as an adult buying our own
house that kind of really kind of
solidifies like the rules don't like a
route like we've been we've been like
working on all our seats right so we
were working on the seat with JK working
on the seeds for bar about working on
the seeds just for different parts of
our life right and now it's like holy
shit we have a piece of land now where
we can plant these seeds and they can
start hollering she's rowdy and I'm just
fucking exciting so I never had a place
for me to plant my seed before and that
just sounds like I'm coming somewhere
but really like I have half of my
belongings at my mom's house I have
another house and like bards mom smells
like my shits everywhere now I get to
have of my own where I'm like hey like I
have an investment like I have something
I complete behind if I have kids I don't
know it's just it feels freaking
super cutie because I'm doing it with
big cutie
but I'm gonna try to keep talking to
this guy yes
piggy shower pirates I don't even know
what that means he says rinse it's
disgusting
no no I took a shower this morning
what's a shower
I think this morning was a real shower
sold for the only date and then at night
I just friends to wash the day away by
morning clean any soap no by yourself
again tomorrow that's what we're gonna
do we're almost home now so thank you so
much for watching until tomorrow
