so we just finished playing a JK party
game now we are into second wardrobe
right now I think what is happening is
they're turning us into some penguins
which is super cute and at my staple
true get in Oh oh that's a bummer this
is too big all that feel so I'm not
quite sure what the challenge is gonna
be but I'm super excited cuz it's super
fun and it's all holiday thing because
we are lucky enough to be taking
December off which is nice if you get to
have some time off since some time with
the family because as you guys see we
work quite a bit so it's nice to have at
least like a couple weeks off in filming
so in order to do that but keep the
channel alive we are stock tires so
they're relatively new but to be
efficient and not to have no social life
we're just stockpiling these videos
shooting them early editing them early
and then just saving them so that when
we get back we're not stressing out and
you guys aren't missing out in really
cool content we're taking care of that
rot mail I know I'm out of breath when I
talk holy crap let's see what else is
popping off look at this I love seeing
this I love seeing how everything is
just getting taken care of look at that
so camera set up talking about framing
here we have costume and wardrobe and
then rock is fixing another camera
looking super festive with this red
sweater churro is getting nothing that
blog shot he's about to are you ready to
do some bondage for lunch euro and over
here
wardrobe we got Dimas looking fresh to
death okay Evan Chan for the shoes he
let you borrow them he gave you the
shoes why it
he just doesn't like him he's buy shoes
like I would like it one gives it to be
more those are sick though those are
nice you helped me a lot of people it
right and you helped him staple it and
then there's Ryan I don't know what
these two do and over here they're
talking some sort of strategy which I'm
not gonna go on there is I'm trying to
interrupt another black but excited play
some more games I'm excited to film some
more and I think I need to finish
getting into wardrobes out the legs
anymore of this shoot but I love this I
love how everyone has their role and it
was doing their job and even though we
play a lot and we look like you're just
stroke around fuck around all the time
there's actually an order in a system to
this chaos that everything is efficient
and not anyone's just sitting here not
doing anything so regard it's all about
teamwork and team flow and see everyone
just see everyone is just getting their
work done
see I wasn't lying so much going on
for me to change cut up these wardrobe
into my next shoot wardrobe that's gonna
be fun
whoa I look so good wow it's so blue
that's crazy that this guy see that
let's see the chaos over here Josh
yeah what just happened right now just
happen I been over embarass candy cane
and it's my back and did it hurt you
because it looked like it was so painful
cuz you melted on the floor dude he did
really why'd you tell me no oh my god
Josh watch for cameras sake babe what
just happened cuz Josh gave me his side
of the story so we're just playing the
game called spoons where you I know what
I feel like musical chairs and then you
gotta grab it with these cards whenever
someone has four of a kind of one
reaches in grabs it and I got 4/9 Josh
didn't get the presents all about four
cores so I have to smack Josh with the
candy cane but it's inflatable so let's
air yeah I hit him with air so she
shouldn't have hurt too much Joe were
you trying to really hurt him I was
trying to assume as hard as I can as I
can and why are we trying to sing it as
hard as you can it that you're the
friends Oh cuz it's the final round and
then we want to make the video very
cinematic who said we I said he said
make it cinematic yeah everyone
it's like you know when you're watching
like the orchestra
yeah and you wanted it for drinking a
party we're also like time on JK party
job uh what did you think of the
punishments when we first started the
game I thought they were pretty lame and
then what happen but then we actually
started doing what do you call it we
started fighting over the presents and I
think that was really fun like we me and
you had to go at the for the present and
then I was like I you got better reach
than me so you're gonna get closer to
the present so my move was to fucking
table swipe cloth that shit my stupid
ass didn't know it was a to tablecloths
so when I pulled it out only one came
out and you already had the present but
I think things like that was real fun
when bard and churro had to die for it
that was real fun but churro got hurt
everybody got hurt so actually I think
the challenges of us trying to grab the
present was more punishment than
actually getting slapped that's what
that's it's really dope so even if we
think that the punishment is lame
or we're like man this shit is boring
somehow we know how to get in trouble
and be mischievous and just have a good
time so in addition to having a good ol
time we're also competitive as fuck and
nobody wants this no matter how lame we
thought that punishment everyone was
like I know lame I know that's not gonna
hurt I don't give a fuck because I want
to win and I think that I want to win
mentality is what made everyone get hurt
grabbing the prayer the presents at the
center of the table and I think it was
such a cool video because everything was
so organic and you guys really get to
see our spirit when it comes to how we
put these challenges like it really is a
lot of fun and at the end of the day no
one has an ego
no one gets pissed everyone gives it
their hundred and million percent to
give you guys really good content so I
can't wait forgets to this video this
video is called a spoons holiday edition
on J K potty and it's gonna be a potty
so watch it cuz it's a potty and I was
so exhausted I'm like I don't want to
eat at a restaurant and of course I'm a
freaking loser I don't know how to cook
um so just got home had some dinner and
I had a package waiting for me and in
that package I bought these shoes
because because because because because
Bart and I are actually gonna take our
honeymoon we got married in 2015 we've
been married for a full year now well
actually a year and about two months to
be exact
and we never took a honeymoon so we said
hold up we need some balance in a
motherfucking life and we need to get
out there and we need to have some more
bail time because as much as we love our
friends and our family and ironically
enough our friends are our family we
always want to spend some of them that
we tend to just not
ever be alone and let me tell you it is
important to have a long time not only
because you want to do the freaky thing
out of time even though that's always
very nice because it's just a different
way to express love for one another um
we were just like dude Mike let's just
bond us to so everyone's taking the
month of December off like I mentioned
earlier so we said hey why don't we do
something fun just for us just us to
this make it happen so we decided to
take a trip to Europe and those tickets
have been booked it's not really excited
but by the time we get out to Europe
it's going to be very very cold and
possibly snowing in some places that
where Mike's I think we're going to
we're gonna Italy Paris Switzerland I
believe London and some of these places
may or may not have snow but they're on
the verge of getting snow so I said why
don't I buy some shoes for walking
purposes one and two for snow purposes
but I didn't really like the snow boots
out there cuz I just thought they look
kind of weird and not only that I think
that they looked weird but I also
thought that they weren't gonna be
comfortable for a long-term walking and
on these tours or like on this European
tour we're gonna do a lot of walking
from you know different destination
different destination and there's gonna
be a lot of traveling so I don't have
the luxury of packing like seven million
shoes because they're gonna be going
from you know city to city country to
country that I'm like okay I need to
pack lightly and smarts to without
talking anymore
because I'm being a fucking blabbermouth
I'm not sure you would have got I hadn't
even tried them on yet so I think I'm
actually gonna walk over there get some
socks and I'm going to try them on for
the first time you guys are gonna watch
me do it
so I need to move where do I want to try
them on we're gonna watch I'm on where
do i do my fashion show I will do it
first of all let me get some socks and
this is lighting in this room is like
the worst this is the only source of
light and this number is actually really
good at picking up light but
dude I can barely see my socks but on
the on this count all right good see I'm
well you better but here I'm gonna give
you an idea of what it really looks like
in here and that's literally what I see
in my room like this is literally my
sock drawer not like I can't see
anything but this camera is so freakin
good that it's actually brighter on here
than it is in a real life for me or
maybe I just have bad eyes try these on
actually I'm gonna try neutral pair of
socks cuz the socks I initially picked
up they're actually really really thin
and I like them but then I just thought
right now like I'm gonna be walking a
lot I'm probably be wearing thicker
socks so it wouldn't be ideal for me to
put on some thin socks and I'm actually
gonna be walking around thick socks so
the shoe might fit tighter or less
comfortable with thick socks so I picked
up some thick socks and I lied these
aren't the thickest ones like I own
these are thicker so I'm gonna try these
and a bit of it is what do I do this how
they sit on the ground the gray I'll
never hurt nobody okay so I don't know
if you're gonna like me choices but I'll
explain to you why I got what I got and
I'm literally sticking this in my
t-shirt drawer okay so the first pair
you see what it is hold on okay so my
first pair are going to be must snow
boots okay
and with these snow boots like I
mentioned earlier I got them because I
just felt like all the other snow shoes
I saw there even though I like the
hardly called they're like duck boots
I thought those are really cool but they
were just really releasing when I tried
them on and now I'm like there's just no
way that this is gonna be comfortable so
then I went to Nike who is like the
leader in walking shoes or just
comfortable shoes does he do running
shoes they do basketball shoes and I
didn't even know they had these but look
at these they're snow boots
but they have a wool lining but I think
it's fake synthetic wool I really really
try hard not to buy I'm not vegan
anything but I really tried to steer
clear
I might even vegetarian or pescetarian
but I try I guys I try so hard to steer
clear of any like accessories or or
things that pertain to animal testing or
just animal products so like down
comforters are they get synthetic
because I don't want to get the goose
feathers because I just feel like they I
hate it anyway I'm talking too much but
yeah so it's got you know wool lining
the shoe itself has a lot of cushion and
it feels like it's made for walking and
the wool lining actually goes all the
way on the inside they're weatherproof
there's snow resistant or water
resistant go to the snow um you know the
bottom is a rubber grip that's really
good the color scheme is really cool and
I was like I think I found my snow aka
walking shoe so imma try it on right now
and I'm gonna put it to you you guys
could try now so here we go I actually
put the left one on cuz ironically
enough my left foot is slightly bigger
and I'm talking about very slightly
maybe just like an inch bigger than my
left up my left foot is a slightly
bigger than my right foot then that
weird
do you guys fill a tube or do you guys
notice that about yourselves haha anyway
here we go doesn't quite match with my
outfit that I'm currently wearing but
it's okay let me see so far so shit this
feels pretty damn good exams walk the
dog I don't hate it I don't hate it and
I love the fact let me show you here but
there's not like a million little lace
like
what are these eyelids I don't know what
they're called these little things these
little things here what are they called
I'm glad there's not like a million of
them
I'd have to freaking put them in and out
oh my god these are actually pretty damn
comfortable you know at first I'm not
gonna lie oh I think I showed you
another pair that I got but I must say
sorry you guys are just staying at the
shoe oh and by the way this is not a
sponsored video video by any means at
all but if Nike if you're watching right
now I I wouldn't mind a sponsorship
because they use your shoes all the time
okay let me try so the last one feels
good
I don't see why wouldn't walk in these
all the time to be honest with you okay
I have thought of breath these guys oh
my goodness this one feels a little bit
looser than my left one but again that's
only because my left looks a little bit
bigger but I do not hate it at all I do
not hate it oh I think a nine and a half
might be a little bit better but I'll
keep it this is here actually a 10 but
don't get too freaked out I'm almost 6
feet tall 511 so odd me oh shoot do it I
think I'm just gonna stick with these I
don't hate it
they're pretty good I got to do the
mirror test I'm here test he's kind of
taken cuz borught
bought this cushion because he likes
sleeping at the office and he doesn't
have a bed so he wants to sleep on the
floor so he says I'm not gonna forget
this question I'm gonna bring it I swear
I'm gonna bring I'm gonna bring it
that was two months ago so hasn't bought
it so I can't see my feet what does it
look like oh I have an idea oh and these
are some other clothes I got winter
clothes I got them from REI but I've yet
to take out of the bag
only because I figured there is no real
point are you gonna pop them to take
them anyway because it's just all
outerwear like I have a jacket here for
the snare or the cold weather but anyway
let's see I'm just gonna step on this
thing I don't hate it
I don't love love love it but I don't
hate hate hate it hmm
I'm not mad okay they feel pretty damn
good I can't see myself walking these
for a very long time okay sorry I keep
moving this everywhere cuz I'm trying to
set it up look at that view out there
beautiful that's right outside my window
okay now the last pair of shoes I bought
also for the trip it's more casual it's
definitely more for walking especially
in areas that aren't snowing um and I
just wanted to be a cute girl it has to
shoot kit so I thought I would buy these
and I feel like my fish is gonna slip
right in but I do not open it I don't
show you guys just yet until
six to the other one uh what are we
doing from my time the shoelace I just
pulled myself I didn't want to do it but
then I just started doing what the heck
and I messed it up
shoot how did they tie it that's
freaking cool dang I don't know how they
tied it hold on give me a minute I did
it I just made a knot oh well
fucked up okay you guys ready hold on
taking this stuffing out oh did I show
you guys too much okay ready
these are the other woods they're like a
bronze gold bronze I these are super
cute and they feel mega light it's not
excited to see what they feel like all
right let's see sorry guys I'm a
freaking mess right now
alright let's see what you see oh
there's always war myself gonna shoot I
don't want to have to untie them please
don't make me untie you
um I'm kind of iffy about these I'm not
in love love love it could be this song
not gonna lie I don't know how I feel
about these oh I'm in your mind do you
guys think maybe it's the sock
but I'm gonna be wearing high socks it's
gonna be cold anyway I'm gonna tie these
while they feel like they fit
how do you tie your shoes this is what I
do I cross it then I create the bunny
ears and then I put it but here's the
secret I do I like to double knot it so
that they never get it untied and it's
usually worked and then if since I'm
gonna wear them kind of exposed I was
like to tuck it in so you don't see how
I tied it but these salts aren't very
cute but let's see what do you guys
think doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
I don't know how I feel about these they
might be a little too metallicky for my
my blab taste I don't know how I feel
about these ok merde test time let's see
oh can I pull these off I don't know I
don't know I think I may have to sleep
on these maybe have to see them better
like because like I showed you guys this
one was really fucking dark and Bart's
having a meeting outdoors or out in the
living room so I can't really walk out
there cuz in you hear some really boring
stuff and they're gonna hear how stupid
I sound and we're gonna get a note of
each other real quick and nobody wants
that so I think I'm out to sleep on
these I don't know that's kind of the
beauty of the Internet is that now you
can just buy stuff and return it without
ever visiting the store I think that is
the best damn but I really like those
snow boots I think you did a good job I
think I did a good job
um but please stay tuned because Omega
ward there's gonna be so much really
cool footage when we go to Europe I
cannot wait to share that with you but
for now I think it's time for me to
catch my breath apparently and get ready
for bed thank you so much for watching
guys fuck it up you oh my god it's real
life that's so beautiful
ah downtown LA huh wait my stupid face
blocked it look at all that why why I
still can't get used to it out here it's
so beautiful
anyway good night
