good morning I have my voice back this
is the first time I've talked since last
night it is 7:00 a.m. now I've been up
since 5:00 a.m. because Tycho was just
like yo Dawg I'm not sleeping anymore
and I was like yo little dog yes you are
and after an hour of like back forth
back and forth back and forth he was
probably like all right lady you were
high I won't go to sleep so he went back
to sleep and for me I was like I should
go to sleep my bed is warm then I was
like nah fuck that just gone long enough
geo you can get your ass up you get out
of this house and get some work done go
to the gym and just start moving even
though it's not anything just get moving
again get in the spirit of training so
I'm gonna do that but I'm not gonna do
that without doughnuts
I need doughnuts so I bought these
yesterday I got them from I had like
little donut craving I got them for a
mom I worded them off with post mates
and I didn't even know that their donut
holes are called munchkins I thought
that was really cute so I got a mix of
them but nobody wanted to eat them I'm
like what the fuck I got like 25
doughnut holes like doughnut holes are
susi my favorite like before doughnuts
are doing at homes so this is what's
left of the 25 because like I like most
of them but then like no one else was
eating them yo do you hate yourself
right now like fucking doughnut holes in
your presence oh you're not gonna devour
them and my excuse was I was just trying
to share with people so I didn't devour
them right away but yeah I woke up this
morning they're still here like boom I'm
taking them so take them out though nuts
I'm gonna go get some some ass bucks
some Starbucks
because those are the only ones that I
know how to drive thrus in my area at
least and I'm gonna go to the gym and
then we're gonna take it from there
let me see if I have the screen up and I
kind of have makeup on still like I love
washing my face before I go to sleep but
I was just so tired I was just like I'm
gonna wash my he said brush my teeth so
I'm proud of myself for that but yeah
woke up don't look horrible because I
didn't wash my face last night so not
trying to take any credit for that um
hey lady hey Leena number two I'm have
to see you guys later
oh yeah stretch girl stretch it out
stretch it out
all right so come out of here believe my
voice to it you're a regular Tigers
doing he's knocked out look his mouth
was open what'd I tell you folks I told
you I was gonna knock you out I locked
you out you are not that boy no but you
put up a good fight
you put up a good fight we went
toe-to-toe up in the end I got the W
let's go to the gym all right that's gym
now look at that I'm feeling a little
bit more alive but not really really
just try to hold on to my voice
feeling good my limbs are more my body's
warmed up didn't do anything harder
strenuous just kind of let my limbs move
stretch and got a little little heart a
heartbeat pump in there pump my heart
muscle know what I'm saying
but anyway about to do some work see the
laptop open right there and pray that I
don't lose my voice again
I just caught Ren talking shit like
always while you look really pretty I am
pretty I'm prettier than you
what did he do to deserve all this
verbal abuse your Giovanna Antoinette
one I just gave her a compliment but
anyway before I meet with this creature
first of all ten
another beautiful creature came to visit
me look at this look at this dead mutts
in here look how good he looks hold on
let's have it haven't even pan down I
gotta switch the like it like it ready
ready ready ready today and let's get to
the oh my god the shoes you good yeah
you're resting of your shoes that's why
we don't have nice things babe what cuz
we messed them up you look great
it was a nice surprise cuz I was trying
to flirt with him and I was just like
can you send me a picture and then he's
like oh look at all of this I don't know
where to put the guys sure you person
remember minute and I'm like I'm trying
up and then um he sends me this picture
which I thought was really cute he says
he says I found a way to take a picture
and it took you're like this is so
freaking cute look at this guy and I
didn't know he was in a comma so he
surprised me to be extra cutie Thank You
Papa I love you what I love all right so
then what the meetings I'm home now and
I got a little bit sad I got a little
bit sad because I took down all the
little decorations since it's not
Christmas anymore and I'm like sad cuz
it's not Christmas anymore I miss
Christmas already everyone else took
their stuff down whoa her neighbor over
there he took down at his stuff so did
this lady not this one the hell is like
watching a video just watching a game or
something you have the music Wow way to
work bro just kidding but yeah I'm home
now and I can't wait to see my baby
where's baby number three and four baby
number that's still baby number one for
tubers fine fine
fun fun funny fun days over three hi
funny how did I know you're out there
because there's no other place to go
and now oh my god what the hell be quiet
you are the most important babies so
most there put this baby hey what you
got there is a cutie pie what you think
you T uh-huh hey cut it out I missed you
update you cutie pie first you up dick
alright so I got some food delivered I
think I'm gonna take a nap first
as I'm soda and hopefully by the time I
wake up my foot abhi so yeah I'm gonna
take a nap for now
all right guess who's back with this
little baby boy and this little baby boy
he's not feeling good this one's not
sick you're not feeling good oh do you
think you got one mom with their head
possibly because it seems like
everyone's getting it like the news was
saying although California is affected
by it so I don't know what do you feel I
feel very lethargic and not too much
energy and I can't really like you know
like make a fist or anything but you
look fly as hell today thank you trying
to I think that look better I think I
did feel better but what my inside
wanted me to wear was like hoodie and
joggers the robe I wore for like three
days that robe is amazing that robe is
like a Snuggie before this money it's
like a blanket with sleeves company
wrinkles there's no like that dude yeah
it's almost his bedtime
cuz uh he's been sleeping around like
eight now which is odd but he still only
sleeps four hours I think it was only
like maybe for a good month right yeah
that he slept for like six hours it was
like oh man I wish I we could like free
like do that I don't know what we did
then that when you're not doing now well
we did stop putting alcoholics formula
so no he doesn't have anymore
don't believe that don't believe that
good or even an alcohol in this house
still any type of alcohol we have is
like rubbing alcohol don't say that
we're gonna believe you believe it
everything you know in life all right so
it's that hour again
and what I find super cute is titles so
much this is drenched you can't tell but
it's all wet and it's stretched to
saliva and this is one that he I had to
exchange I had exchanged this one for
this one because when I got home this
one was drenched and I was letting it
air out but I have to wash these so he's
going through two bibs a day right now
cuz on I think he's he's going to start
teething so all his saliva keeps coming
out the gnarliest good ever but yeah
chicks in the house a little bit making
sure that everything's tidy
cuz I know I like to go to sleep
thinking everything is taken care of and
it's one less thing that I have to like
stress over when I wake up tomorrow and
actually read that in a book that you
know those things where they're like
highly successful people do this every
day and a couple of the things I
actually do do and I'm like oh I just
naturally did it because it just felt
like one less thing to stress about you
know like when your world is so full of
so many decisions that you have to make
and I've been talking about like owning
a business or whatever just like in life
like in life like think about all the
fucking decisions and choices that you
have to make on a daily like we're
making thousands of decisions randomly
quickly you know so it's like we just
have to keep moving and thinking and
stuffing and that gets tiring so I like
to think of myself as a very hazy person
so I try to think of ways to create or I
try to create systems for me to continue
to be lazy so I'm like oh my god I got
to do this alright well what's the
fastest and most effective way to do
something so that I don't have to stress
about anymore so um going back to what I
read a couple of the things that I read
that high successful people do one of
them is they make their bed every
morning and they said that they do that
because it gives you a sense of
accomplishment like you already started
off your morning on the right foot
everything's already nice tidy so that
when you get back you're like perfect
everything is orderly everything looks
nice and I just did it because I'm just
like I want to come back home because I
know how stressful my day is gonna be I
want to come back home
and like see my place be clean and not
slept in and and my just waiting for me
to just fuck it all up and get in there
and just snuggle and then another thing
that they said is at night you tidy
everything up for the same reasons so I
was just like very cool one thing that I
did mention that you should that we
should do that I really need to work on
and I'm consciously making it a point to
work on that is hanging up your coat or
like a sweater or just I think it has
your clothes so when I come home from
work the first thing I want to do is
just take all my clothes off and get
into like really comfy clothes
case in point here cuz um yeah I like to
just swim in my clothes so what I do do
is I take off my clothes and I fold them
I just kind of put them on the bed
somewhere or I put them in the closet
I'm like I'll get to it later but then
later becomes like a week's worth of
laters and then have likes big-ass pile
of clothes so then now what I'm doing is
that when I take it off I'm either
hanging it up if I didn't like wear it
for a long time or I'm folding it
putting it away or I'm putting in to
wash so trying to get the half of that
but another thing I'm trying in the
habit of and this is where I'm gonna
close out this vlog and this is a very
important thing for me to state and I
want you guys to hold me accountable cuz
I'm gonna do my very best and I hope
that you guys can also consider doing
this yourselves and 2018 for me is gonna
be a year of self-love like don't get
that confused with confidence because
confidence is something I do not lack
but self-love is one of the things that
you do lack um the way I was raised it's
like you're never supposed to give
yourself you're never supposed to do
self praising I always supposed to put
yourself down and I think a lot of um a
lot of other cultures do this it's not
just mine like you're not supposed to
both you're not supposed to glow you're
not supposed to be about like look at
how badass I am it's more like if
someone gives you a compliment you're
like no that's no I'll cut it out to you
you're very humble but um again not to
confuse that with confidence so now with
I'm gonna try to do with self-love is
when I get a compliment to say
you know what thank you for that yeah I
can see that and I appreciate you
telling me that I'm gonna I'm gonna try
to accept things that people tell me I'm
gonna try to you know play myself up and
just be like you know yeah fuck you
better than us and I love myself like I
do say that and then again not too
confusing with confidence um Katoch
confidence it's all fluff are very
different for me because confidence is
something that's not like I know I'm or
something
I know that I'm I bring a lot to the
table I know I have a lot to offer when
it comes to positions that I'm trying to
obtain or from when it comes to like
business ventures or when it comes to
decisions that I'm trying to make I'm
gonna be like yeah fuck that I'm worth
that I can do that I can reach that goal
I can achieve that like I definitely
don't have any doubt at all in my mind
or when I see myself like even now when
I don't like my appearance because I
just I'm not I'm not in the body that I
was before I had a baby
I I don't like it but I'm not like I'm
still like hey okay I don't like it I'm
not comfortable in it but I know that
I'm changing it so I'm so confident I'm
still gonna I still show off my
mid-drift even though I don't like it
but in terms of self-love I'm gonna be
like man I'm mine most I'm my number one
fan I'm doing this for me
I am badass I got this you're a gorgeous
woman Geo
you're beautiful you're intelligent
because what I do end up doing to myself
is like god damn you're so stupid
where'd you fuck that come on you don't
have any so um I know it sounds kind of
muddy but it makes sense in my line and
that's one of the things that I will be
practicing is self-love so I love you
guys I love you to you um and yeah I
really enjoyed spending my day with you
guys I hope you enjoyed spending your
day with me so I will see you guys
tomorrow and I'm actually pretty excited
about tomorrow's vlog I'm like low-key
but really high key super excited about
tomorrow's event and I can't wait to
share with you is the first time Bart
and I are ever attending this event and
it's really cool fucking event and I
hope they don't stop us from filming
because we're gonna try to film as much
as possible because this place is gonna
be
so awesome not as awesome as dziena but
it's gonna be so awesome and I can't
wait to share with you guys so I think
you guys so much for watching see you
guys
