alright guys so uh we do a lot of
first-time things on this channel yeah
and today it's another first-time thing
that we've never done before and we
don't even know if we're gonna 100% do
it but what are we doing my bear right
now we are actually looking at a
potential home that we might purchase
our first home that we may potentially
buy potent and keyword potent potent
because uh we weren't even in the market
for it but after living in downtown for
a little bit and going through a couple
of like family emergency things I think
it kind of changed our perspective on
things and we're like hey maybe we
should just start building our family
building our home and here it's all I
know so we're trying to do some adult
stuff and we were just looking around
and because we're young and we're busy
all the time
it's hard for us to really find like old
home and remodel it to our modern place
after that and then we started looking
online and we found a brand new
development in a couple areas so relay
which is really really rare in LA and
this is actually inspired by a Charlie
or homie from Sacramento he owns his
company called caffeine and kilos and he
just got a house and he told us that he
bought a development brand-new
development in Sacramento and I'm like
you that's a great idea yeah instead of
an old house making it new just find
brand new homes but brand new homes are
really hard to find except we found one
and so today we are here to go check it
out and we're really excited because we
feel like this is gonna be like the next
big step yeah
so we'll see what happens we're so lucky
is getting here all the news oh so cool
that's so cool come on
mother how there I have a confession to
make okay I have one too
what's your confession no you said it
for somebody this do you thin what okay
my confession is I think I'm in love
what the hell that's all I could imagine
do you promise I swear to god that's my
confession too uh I was trying to hold
it in because I don't want to show
anyone any of my my colors your true
emotions yeah like I just want to make
it seem like okay cool like I'm not
impressed it - you might have to impress
me later in the negotiations I'm trying
to keep it in but inside my heart like
to do digital yeah and then I would look
at you - so I could try to give you like
like eye contact communication so
traveling and I think you robably got it
but I'm not sure I got it no I got a
hundred percent so I never thought I was
going to love it cuz we we lived at
multiple houses ready we baked it before
yeah and um even though seven-one-seven
is hella dope I never got the feeling of
like I love
this place yeah but going here I don't
know if it's because now we're gonna buy
it yeah and there's like more of a
permanent attachment to it I was like I
absolutely fell in love I loved all the
homes all the layouts and now it's just
up to us depending on which one we want
to choose but we saw the bear home I
love that and then I saw the model home
I love that sue they did a great job
making a model home and the cool thing
about this place you can actually buy a
model home so if you don't want to spend
all the time interior designing you can
buy the model home all the furniture the
way it is and all the amenities a model
needs that's what they're showing you to
give you the full scope of the feel and
how you decorate - it comes decorated it
comes like ready to move in so that you
can you can use your imagination and
look at a bare floor plan that's what
the
did you think that coming into here
because we looked at so many homes like
before we settled at our downtown place
we looked at maybe like five places yeah
before our place in Alhambra we looked
at another five place right did you
think that you were gonna fall in love
with because we knew that this also
visit our dream home if you have that
Malibu at home we knew this is like an
intermediate step right did you think
you're gonna fall in love with the
intermedia home no not at all because
one I don't I don't like Montebello
because I don't like the location and
well you don't hate it you just don't I
don't hate it but I don't love it yeah
it's not it's not even my top like five
choices to live in so that's that's
idiot I already was like whoo I don't
want to live there um there were just a
lot of things working against against it
for me yeah I saw it like oh it's going
to be a tract home in a tract home is
when all the homes look exactly the same
and they have no they have no
personality the house has no soul type
of feeling their water exactly the same
here
why I don't want that and it is a gated
community which I do like
however in gated humidities I don't like
that it looks like it's just fake like
Hollywood set type it does feel kind of
like a Hollywood so yeah so I was
already like I feel like that like I
like a lot of personality anything yeah
if you wanna get fun her ears all fucked
up like its personality look at me like
my ears all fucked up its personnel yeah
I like a lot of uniqueness yeah so those
were the things that I was just kind of
like whatever I'm just going to go with
the flow I know I'm not going to fall in
love with it I'm just gonna keep an open
mind keep an open heart and just go for
the experience then how did you end up
falling in love as soon as I walked in
it's a new development yeah everything
is current it's up to date it's up to
you know the city code the paint is
fresh everything is just brand brand
brand new yeah so that's when I was like
wow I really like this like I'm gonna be
the first homeowner they were very
transparent in how
they were very transparent in how they
were like explaining everything to you
so I I just I think I really like all of
that because it's part of a community if
they have like homeowners association
which ensures that the house is all look
the same and everything's kept nice you
don't have neighbors that are like
blasting music at 12:00 at night so
there is a fee that is attached to that
because it is a perk and even that he
wasn't you know crazy expensive and then
like you're insured for like an X amount
of years which I thought was really cool
because it's a brand-new home cuz it's a
brand-new home so there was like a lot
of really positive things but I guess
removing that it just emotionally it
just felt like fresh it just felt like
we belong here like it's where we need
to live like there was a lot of natural
lighting
it felt open it felt clean it felt like
there was high ceilings which I
absolutely love and honestly I'm afraid
of 2-story homes because I'm a big pussy
I'm a big scary cat so whenever upstairs
here's something else or something like
oh oh oh my god I'm not going down there
but the way that they the floor plan is
it's all you have to do is peek over and
you see everything just it just felt
right it just felt like yes
it is felt like yes yeah for me one of
my favorite things about the home is
they took the modern lifestyle into
consideration so for example one thing
that was kind of mind-blowing which
Ottoman being should be mine line is
they have the laundry room upstairs and
almost every home that I've ever lived
in or every home I've ever been to the
laundry is usually hooked up in the
garage but that doesn't make sense if
well it does make sense to me okay
that's right for most people it doesn't
make sense because if your closets are
all upstairs it doesn't make sense to
walk all the way downstairs into the
laundry and then bring it all the way
back up but the way that they have it
it's upstairs so you just walk directly
then you get it done it's its own in
closed room so when the washer and dryer
is going on it doesn't make any noise
there's an effect anyone so I like that
there's a modern lifestyle to it they
also have solar panels and that's
awesome because it reduces your
electricity bill like crazy especially
someone like me who likes leaving the
a/c on all the time now I don't have to
worry about training and increasing the
electricity bill because we have solar
panels so Justin like also just like you
said it just felt so good like when I
walked in I immediately wanted to start
popping like this is all just a bad day
that's me I was like oh okay tell me how
much this cup cause I have it in the
tribe's it just made me feel so like
cute and homey and it just it felt
really really really good
yeah I agree 100% I just love I loved it
um yeah I'm just like when can I move in
like I want to move it now like I want
to make the space in my own and I never
feel like that especially after doing no
research like this is one of the things
where you did all the research so you
already kind of went in knowing very
specific things about it so you were
already kind of had a bias you know yeah
like when we moved into seven-one-seven
I had more of a bias because I did the
research on that place so I already had
my emotional attachment to it even
before I visited it yeah but with this
one it was just going in blindly I'm
like you told me a couple things here
and there but it was never anything
that's gonna sway me one way or another
you know yeah so when I walked in now I
was just like oh this is this feels
right this feels good um and nothing's
gonna ever top the fact that it's
brand-new yeah yeah like I'm not gonna
have to worry about the leak I'm not
gonna have to worry about like it can
happen but the percentages are a lot
lower so it's a lot stress a lot more
stress free yeah and I know our friends
are gonna like it like the whole time I
was in I was thinking oh we friends know
like this tips gonna like this oh you
know Joe's gonna like this part oh we
could bring whatever made something come
over all the time yeah and I was already
thinking like Oh Nadine could take this
room and like you know we were I was
already working things in my head and
I'm like oh shit slow down meat I
already and bigger cheese already
envisioned like a little Jim in the
garage cousin those are really busy you
don't have time to go over to the gym
yeah I'll give that to you so it's
that's awesome yeah going back to your
laundry question yeah I I know for a
fact why they don't put it in the
being space yeah because it's cloud it's
it's a loud thing but when being in
there and knowing that there's
construction happening literally next
door to us you can't hear it so that
told me oh shit they're actually using
quality materials in this space so I'm
not going to be able to hear our washer
and dryer yeah yeah that's exciting yep
so that's our experience for today we
got a lot of things we got to talk about
this is a huge huge thing for us because
I think not just financially like a home
obviously is more expensive than a car
but also emotionally and where you are
in life like there's a lot of things we
got to consider we're going to be in
five years where do you want to be in 10
years so this is going to be one of the
biggest discussions that we've ever had
and I am so happy we get to share our
experience with you guys and I am so
happy that we've been planning for
something like this and we're not like
oh we found the perfect place fuck well
let's let's work up for that now you
know like we've been planning and I know
a lot of you guys that are watching this
is like completely out of your world
right now because you're not considering
this you're probably thinking about what
am I going to do for a living how am I
going to payment but um I guess I say
this to say just always think like
future you know even though you don't
know what your future is just save if
your future could be travel the world
you know your future could be like you
know what I want to drop out and not
work for a whole year just save like
like I know your parents probably tell
you this and it doesn't make sense but
just say you don't fuck it I'm just
going to save I don't know what I'm
saving for but I'm just going to save
and I think
I think that's like the best piece of
advice anyone can ever give you and I
hope you guys can accept that just got
to the office
I am super tired it's been a really busy
day so far my hands are full I have
drinks and lunch after we checked out
houses me and Joe had to go to the
jump-cut Academy seminar and this is for
like the super involved students that
wanted to meet us and have a private in
person Q&A just about the lessons I were
taught there and also any questions
about our personal experience launching
a online business building a YouTube
channel and all that and here's the love
of my life mom nobody do I can ready
wanna start off I think you are you even
running any heels I'll just feel oh are
those that heels that meatloaf bit no
mmm delicious yeah so I got Arnold
Palmer this place is super duper um
hipster hipster II artsy ish yeah cuz I
know you love Arnold Palmer so I decided
to get you know I for me I'm always
about ease so I could drink anything but
you're like I like Arnold Palmer's on my
just give me two of those and they even
asked me what teas to get they're like
do you want organic black tea you want
this Japanese green tea so I was like
whatever the fuck's the og and I got
that and then the bread lounge players
have all kinds of really cool sandwiches
yeah and then I asked him what their
chef special was and their favorite one
it was like something roasted turkey I
know your whatever is about Turkey so I
was like what's your second best one and
it's called the whole Barcelona and it's
grilled chicken with some sort of
something aioli and mozzarella
and my roasted peppers nah sounds good
like mama bear would like it so that's
what's in here abba Duda I don't know
you could eat with you cuz I'm setting
up well you promised me file it with you
where you can go up are you okay I'm so
freakin starving I'm so hungry
did you guys set up for the shoot
already so yeah the day isn't over we
still got a shoot we are shooting the
end of your JK video you know how like
every single year we have that wrap-up
video that we do well we got to shoot
that today and then finally we get to
take a break it's been hella
action-packed can you open the
sandwiches I want to see what it looks
like I'm really excited hey Kay that's a
dumb sweater dude is that yours is that
props uh TIFF fired from yet last night
that's awesome probably only where it's
fucking awesome dude dude you have to
either wear that for this shoot and
every other kick back at your house yeah
you should down she's really hot it's no
burning it's so fucking festive super
really that looks like Byron's normal
clothes though yes there is let me see
where's your clothes at happy did you
make this or like 2012 haha you've been
crazy cuz 20 tall
oh fuck everywhere I know you are crazy
okay let's look at the sandwich I am so
excited because it looks really good hi
I also got your sips I know how much you
like soup and they're today's soup is um
the tomato something special yeah soups
mmm what do you got in there
I'm hungry show me the good stuff show
me
they had me at mozzarella no that's not
the good supper sandwich November nickel
I like like a little too big a little a
bit your salad who cares about that
bullshit
salad is for freakin weirdos oh yeah
hell yeah what is that
let's see the good stuff what's in that
freaking pack of meat that actually like
it's a butcher shop
it did oh oh oh dear Lord
oh oh my oh my oh my goodness Wow Jesus
where's this soup at this bus to soup
out you know we gotta close it or else
it's gonna all that juiciness gonna
escape that's that you know they take
all their breads it's hella fresh color
good yeah
what is this soupy oh my dear yeah yeah
oh you big kid me I'm hungry
oh look like prego sauce but it's
delicious all right so foods here I'm
hungry it's poor then it's 4:30 I'm
hungry this is my first meal of the day
it's my breakfast okay so I gotta eat
and I gotta shoot see you guys later
