yay I'm finally back on land and it
couldn't be happier I'm not gonna lie I
woke up today and I was feeling a bit
woozy I was like even yesterday once we
once we got back home in the morning
like trust me that was the first thing I
was there I woke up I packed I didn't
shower didn't pertain did you shit I
said I'm a pack I'm gonna go home I'm
gonna sleep and that's what the fuck I
did yesterday and yesterday I would look
down and I felt like the whole building
was rocking like this and then this
morning Bart and I woke up early we did
our regular training and even then I was
just like well shit like it literally
like so I'm like this right but my brain
feels like this is happening and I'm
like oh shit it is the worst thing ever
I had the best time on this cruise - the
fact that it was a fucking boat on water
for four days like I've been on plenty
of boats like I've mentioned before but
I haven't been on a boat for longer than
like five hours so the fact that we were
on this boat for four days just helped
me realize that I could never be on a
boat for four days it's like I don't
think I'm ever gonna do a cruise again
it's alum super freaking old and hate
flying cuz right now flying is my
fucking jam like I love flying after
cruises seriously so I'm back at the
office just to do a little bit more work
even though JK is on a month break which
is a base it's so nice because it's a
lot of work guys it's amazing and it's
fun work but at the end of the day it's
still work so we have a month off but I
am back in the office cuz Barba don't
stop barbells not at the level where
Jake is we're still building that guy so
we still have to meet
about certain departments and we have to
make sure that everything's moving
forward everything's growing but cute
but though these decoration okay okay I
see you look at that that's beautiful
I'm so excited for Christmas
why what's happening what do you feel my
muscles really weak and I never wear a
jacket I feel cold so just my name is
and monetarist candy enough to find me
some thought was delicious but it was
delivered start one more meeting laughs
and the funny thing about what Bart just
said is while he's feeling like crap and
he's filling the body aches he's feeling
very weak I'm feeling the exact same
thing I'm also eating the pho there's
nothing like a way more energetic though
I'm trying to turn it on for camera
right now but right now as we speak if I
really spoke to you guys how I felt this
is how I would be speaking backwards
this is literally what I would do and I
feel like this on the couch I don't want
to talk anymore yeah yeah yeah okay well
you guys get it I'm vlogging okay yeah
okay hold on I got chips now say it
again but you know what's amazing
hmm the woman the female body can take
so much penis such a high pain threshold
oh man and women put pancakes and then
still keep a eye out on the kid and the
backyard not falling down the slide like
they can do all that so I think
ultimately you're still enough to take
care of how many even there's a zoom
into your vase and into a bikini right
now you make it sound like a threat
yay yay look give me all right well like
Bart mentioned wow we still have a
meeting to go and as soon as this
meeting is done I'm to go home I don't
even have an appetite you have to eat
something though that's how you feel you
always do that and didn't have to take
but how do you expect it
here's something funny right well we're
both fill in the same shit what do you
feel like you know it's delivered Thank
You Casey I appreciate you contributing
to the sick duck thank you hope you feel
better - hi everyone is getting ready -
or corporate meeting but look at this
guy
all he wants to do is just fuck around
and not talk about anything but ladies
he's single
hit him up at Nadeem committee that's
the it's the amp√®re sign right is that
what difficult
yeah it's amber sign and as a Nancy a as
an apple Diaz and David E as an Edward
is an Edward M as in Mary and now we're
moving to the there's no there's no
hyphens there's none of that and there's
no bombs or none of that and as a Nancy
oh shit committee HS in Henry it's an
apple M as in Mary god dammit oh yeah
that's what it's called yeah leave it to
the leave it to the Daddy play play are
you serious oh I want it to sound smart
but he's not these Harold bullshit this
is enough risk
it shows other near baseball go I did
see that sweaty I'm gonna break before
can we show that can you see what the
inspiration is and then do a live show
me the inspiration is better because
there's more heart or what is there more
of that you know some of the causes over
there Wow show you one more I feel like
evidence and I can try hard and he
doesn't have a cell phone you know are
you one of those guys
there's that there they cropped it out
but there's a bar up here actually I was
doing it up there oh you're above them
oh shit
I can't tell who's which is that know
which ones better
I can't tell I think the second was
better but the same person I did the
lighting at Fargo's a little bit yeah
he's using a wide angle there I get it -
tanks out there with not there's
something I can tell you were barred
apart anymore all right I think it's
time that we start our meeting this is
ridiculous
boys he why'd you get for the first time
oh that was anticlimactic damn hasn't
been in everything I've been in
everything for true to give us that
genuine laugh oh she didn't even care he
doesn't think you're funny then he
doesn't think you're funny dude
home don't fill in sick but as soon as
we got home it already feels better
because mama mama Kawai neo came over
and the house is super duper clean look
how cute she is you put one toy per dog
bed look how cute she is even put a
little sandal there cuz she knows that
me love like smelling mice and me look
get away from the mouse cage you
freaking pendejo the traffic was crazy
wasn't it I know we live like two miles
away
that's an hour that's that oh they like
you guys down or not live two miles away
and take three hours to go home what are
you gonna do I know I'm a hoarder food
yummy order food for you to know you
gotta eat your frequent clay see that
buda mama bear Petain no how are you
that bear behind it looks really cute do
you think you're feeling better already
you know ma bear really gets sick she
has like those super strong mexican
genes where like they can lick a rusty
nail or they can find a condom with AIDS
suck on it she could do all that stuff
and she never ever gets it so it's
really rare but when she is sick why you
a nice mother so damn freaky you need
anyway
no more bigger stronger I think once it
because they can't there are you still
up you've been in bed like 30 mins you
gonna sleep mama no I didn't close the
doors you guys are pretty loud and then
I was like oh just go away from Papa
come cuz I knew you're gonna come first
I don't like when you walk into a dark
room it feels so cold
thank you mama so good said do it
