they're my bad
and because of gym in ten minutes as
we're not gonna lie
Oh bad mother good Jim oh yeah weaker ma
very good luck Jim mother I feel it well
why is this so hard for you to wake up
in the morning I don't know ever since I
was a kid like my mom had the hardest
time waking me up but I think when I'm
sleeping I'm in such a like peaceful
state I'm warm like I'm in my element
like I'm warm I'm comfortable
everything is just perfect cuz when I
sleep I'm a very heavy sleeper so it's
like I literally die everything but
you're also not a kid anymore and you
know we have a schedule to keep cuz
we're going on a cruise today so before
we go on a cruise gotta take a shower
before we take a shower we got a workout
before we work out we gotta wake up on
time my bad yeah but I guess the workout
part wasn't a priority for me I know all
my other stuff is covered but we talked
about it last night and I know I could
rely on you to keep the schedule cuz if
you were hella irresponsible then I'd be
like because you're responsible I'm like
uh he's got
but why do you gotta make my job harder
I'm there trying to wake up every
morning when it's time for me to wake
you on if he likes me like 15 20 minutes
and we're 15 minutes 20 minutes behind
schedule every time it's you're in
charge of waking me up I get up in like
two minutes
why do you have to make my job so hard
cuz you giggle the whole time and you
get all creative and then you like do
the sheet thing and you do the pillow
thing or my heads like bouncing so you
have a good time
see things because I'm super cute you'd
know how to get atooma HUD's finally
what you workout minute disappear no no
no no no I'm all warmed up Wanda yeah
baby baby baby the way we Chinese she's
why change it why are you tying shoes
what are we gonna run we're not gonna
worry but if you're tired you know wait
why are you tying your shoes please
don't tell you she's just sick please
don't talk she's it's I don't want to
cardio I don't want to run safe entire
shoes please I don't wanna work under
the
he's don't I use our first exercise
already our first exercise because today
what we said today the goal was to get
some athletic training in okay don't
worry
Atletico training your accommodation
you're a people for so I know but empty
a volleyball well because we're busy
we're gonna work out here we don't have
time to go to apartment we're not here
we're gonna with a lot of running space
though there's so much writing space
can we go in there where there's no
running space about this we're not gonna
run at all are we do burpees of YouTube
everywhere do burpees okay that's it
geez that's don't the only two questions
you had yes we answered them you ran out
of questions it's like you had a little
wand or something like a little
conductor one he comes up with the
craziest fucking exercises I swear to
you he hates his body he wants to
destroyed any chance that he gets and
I'm not like that no I love my body so I
I take care of it
so well I give it Kathy I give it the
Rito's hot cheeto I like I like to sleep
like I love taking care my body this guy
right here
he just wants to fuck his body up every
chance he gets he hates his body here's
what we're gonna do fine because with an
athletic training yeah the first thing
we're gonna do is uh a key mom of box
jumps weighted boxer oh you fucking
fucking fucker fuck I should ask that
question full imams are every minute on
the minute yeah that's Ted would you
three
9 dude 3 the faster you complete it in a
safe way
the longer of arrests you have Zuma
crowd I'm gonna die I'm gonna grab the
dumbbells and didn't go who's Chuck
that's one push - like that all right
so that's what we're gonna do are you
ready you're warmed up right how do you
get 10 pages why are your shoelaces now
this point how did you get 10 pounds
more than me you're a guy and you weigh
like double me because this is
plyometric doesn't work that way you
should get more weight I just told you
this plyometric it doesn't work that way
but you're also a guy what's that mean
hurry up go do one let me see if you do
it right well I want to make sure you do
it right and then we'll start the timer
no no okay fine do a warm-up your warmup
Frisco yes ground is unstable - oh my
ankle digit our aces you go to lift your
feet higher than that
all right legs there's some right there
like Yvonne's back all right go go now
and this might be too high to do her
grab the weights what are you going grab
the weeds I thought you liked to work it
out what the heck
all right go
good make sure to clear your feet if
you've tripped and fall it's your fault
it's far it's completely your fault
ready go
good that's it okay cool
you're ready we're gonna get the workout
on ma bear ma honey
how is the workout ma bear it's pretty
easy really I knew I could be at the
holder it wasn't bad right now isn't
that it just shows me how little ups I
have it just gets the body warm get you
moving explosively get those hips moving
you know get those hips moving real good
and then making sure that B stay warm
well what happened if you had a personal
trainer I did that all right today we're
gonna work on chest so with chest we're
gonna make sure that these stay
activated and these day activated and
then us and then also B it also beast
whoa whoa whoa what the hell
sexual harassment I'm suing you suing
you for sexual harassment poverty well
next we're gonna do it's gonna be little
bit more tiring so we got the explosive
movement out of the way we're gonna
superset squats right here with flat
pull-downs
I can use a smith machine in about we're
not gonna use a smith machine I just
figured out a way and I think I'm
supposed to do it grab the barbell are
you are you sure Darrin we're pretty
smart smarter than you look and then
we're pleased that we're place it
anywhere
yeah so we're gonna squat here we're
going to do sets of ten here and then
we're gonna superset that with this you
ready yes so I go first and then we're
swapping out wait yeah so I think what
you'll do you'll do twenty fives and
then I'll do then I go slop it off
forty-five
so you're due to high fives I do forty
fun want to move wait what do five sets
of ten that's good
you're almost done I'm gonna intro every
single clip mama bear
because I'm talking to you what if Ricky
thinks I'm talking to her
see that's why I say your name ma bear
are you ready
it's 12:10 is he really yeah so we gotta
go in five minutes I am gonna call it
over
yes smell that funny but hey funny like
this my you're funny but I'll just
Icarus nabbit and this is usually likes
to dig deep with everyone ever I can see
they're all play oh she's so cute and
she sticks her snot in there and they're
all uncomfortable they're trying to be
like casual about moving far away cuz
she's pretty you know what I like about
traveling with my bear I did acknowledge
what who just said you know what I like
about traveling with my bear I like that
all our bags match so we got this North
Face bless you we got this North Face
bag and it's super like tactical
hardcore looking and then both me and
Geo we have similar taste so as soon as
we saw it we're like we gotta get two of
them so we had these for years now and
we've been to Taiwan with these we've
been to Hawaii with these in Hawaii
we've been to Hawaii with these and
we've been to probably Australia on a
little bunch of places with them and
these are super sick and they got like
the red wheels I got like a matching
North Face backpack but the theme that
I'm really really happy about is that
mob bear doesn't have pussy as girl
tastes not that there's anything wrong
with it but because we like to be cute
and try to match all the time it's gonna
be look if I'd like to ever
okay yeah if you wanted to have like a
Chanel purse or a white person pink
sparkly shit on everything we would have
the hardest time making a decision on
how to match but since you also have man
taste it makes it really easy and it
makes my life really easy I have Matt
Hayes
we have aggressive badass tastes fun
that's different
what's going on over there with this
what's all that
it's blush what does that do it makes it
look rosy like I'm blushing all the
don't what is that what else what did I
just witness
thank fuck I have no idea oh I know what
you mean fun fun if you want to leave
after you saw that go ahead go right
ahead fun no no one's gonna no one's
gonna judge you here gonna go gonna go
outside
hey Oscar not gonna eat ever again what
just kidding ha ha ha how can someone be
that worried be wagging their tail fun
you are so funny good let's go go
outside don't go instead okay all right
you just said mumbo-jumbo what was that
and she still want what he wanted yeah
that's like Michael Jackson he says I'm
saying by myself my mouth Kusa and
meatloaf starting meatloaf you just ran
in for no apparent reason I just wanted
to check in on his mama
the Chitty Wok Isaac needed something
for his lips and then just like all I
don't have anything I just have a
segment Oh what are the gifts why forget
for you might as well give it to her now
what is it what is it
thank you
anything else in there
okay thank you for Oh
it's crazy to me I never thought that
checking in for a cruise was going to be
similar to that of an airport why it's
exactly the same everyone's all lined up
and then you got to go over there to a
person and then get your paperwork
checked in and all that yeah I never
thought it'd be the same I know well are
what did you well I thought it was going
to be I thought it's gonna be way more
lacks because I've been on a boat to
Catalina before and on the boat to
Catalina
you literally buy your ticket and you
just board the but then this one like
you have to have a you need your
passport and all that stuff
it's not interesting is it because we're
going to Mexico so we're crossing
international waters
maybe a verify that you because we just
put everything
to be honest with already chicken I
don't think so I do we got to get a
stamped you know it's not official until
stamped
is the first time I've ever been on a
cruise I don't know what to expect
me too first time for me to mop their
that deserves a kiss first time kiss
we get a dude on the boat alright so we
just got checked in and seeing the boat
I think it finally hit me now we're
gonna be going on our first cruise I
think this whole time I've just kind of
been so focused on checking in making
sure we didn't forget anything making
sure our passport good there is it
accessible so I'm just thinking of all
these things but now that we're like it
I'm just like the boat is literally
right there yeah this is you let's see
if I can see the ocean no it's just
concrete but the oceans right there oh
that's the company my mom used to work
for evergreen I grew up in San Pedro you
know that oh really
yeah cuz my mom's office used to be in
San Pedro and now it's like in Cypress
or something but I still come here all
the time and I see all these big ships
sail out of here so I knew exactly where
it was but I just never been here before
daddy that's a giant ship and carries
all kinds of containers
like a slab of land where the ships come
in and anything oh that thing's sails
are you excited to get one of these
rooms we get to have our own little
balcony it's crazy this place is
literally a fucking city in the middle
of the ocean even the safety boats are
huge
I hope so far that's very comforting
that the safety boats are you look
pretty like they have really been used
the thing if some shit happens
are you the type of person to be like
wait for someone that come save you are
you super fucking just jump into the
water and get away I'm gonna wait to see
what's really going on psycho like
there's experts on the boat so they
probably have a protocol I don't want to
follow that protocol but if I see the
experts panicking and jumping off and
I'm like that's what I'm doing Oh
a good idea because that's why here with
me
that's like pockets we're all safe
for the default like pogrom there's a
rescue boat right
and I think so first crews together
there's a bunch of people watching
our first plan of attack is we're gonna
put our stuff away in our room oh then
we're gonna eat right after that's why
you're the boss I'm gonna fire
directions because if I out to me I'd be
grilling with my luggage really you
would just eat with your stuff all next
year I'm hungry too
I'm just gonna spit are you pretty
impressed with the way the ship is uh
yeah this is uh it's a it has a European
feel to it like the sizing small yeah I
feel like this is literally what I
imagined Oh quarters our room he 102
Caribe deck let me insert put it in oh
yeah
nice and slow huh tell me how you want
to had it done tell me how do you want
to do it let me lick it no not the way
to stick it down oh you like it fast
oh yeah boom dah dah oh oh it's cute
good
whoa this is pretty nice place Wow Wow
is this cutest it's like huh you know
what it reminds me of it reminds me of
Japan the sizing and how it's like all
miniature looking but at least I think
I'm kind of dreading yeah he's feeling
the water so as a kid I would go fishing
with my dad all the time you get seasick
well I haven't been but as of lately I
have been feeling kind of weird and I'm
not pregnant or anything um but with my
dad I would go fishing on like little
little boats that fit only like three
people in the ocean those things rock
like crazy motherfuckers so I've done
that I've also done like ten people type
boats like while it's been raining yeah
I bought on different size both I think
this is one of the biggest ships I've
been on yeah uh
but recently I've just been feeling a
lot more motion sickness it could be my
diet or I don't know what the fuck's
going on with my body so I'm just kind
of scared that I'm going to feel I'm
gonna be like
but normally I don't get mushed I think
you'll be fine okay
just being in this bowl right now I
don't really feel like it's moving and
usually went on a small boat we don't
want it and even when it's docked but
you know we did the JK adventures when
what saline yeah you already feel it
kind of move yeah I did relief like I'm
on land that's sure yeah how do you like
the room though is it looks out to you
yeah it's so cute I love it this is a
new experience it has like I said the
European Japanese vibe where
everything's very compact the spacing is
like very efficient so there's a door
back there there's no sport oh my god
so it's the square footage that's wasted
yeah so that's what I feel about this
little cute little TV cute little
everything cute little chair cute little
thing a little man let's go yeah I'm
starving
and look at how tiny this bathroom is
look at this the type of the toilet
you look fucking huge huge fine and then
look at the little shower it's so
efficient it is I can you can fit in
there your broader shoulders I'm just
kidding mom I can't even put my hands on
my waist hey hey can't even do the mom
stance so if you're a mom did you just
bump besides cut it out Barton yeah kids
and you're taking a shower and they're
doing it holy shit what are you doing oh
you know what I think you're a hot mama
turn this water okay what do i I want to
see get all wet don't turn on them I
don't trust you why IAS fun let's go eat
freaky little monkey hands go what are
you looking at my back I'm trying to see
what's on every foot oh the pools here
oh there's a fitness center are you
gonna work out oh there's a spa I just
said you're gonna work out my back ah
yeah does not
sound confident huh there's a princess
theater I know you know look there's a
princess theater but if you go all the
way directly up there's good food okay
awesome we're gonna get food bar you
gonna work out though Fine Arts killer
my bear
am I talking to the wrong person you
look like ma bear are we go I gotta work
out love be my berry gonna work out
yo chill out we just got here hi fine
where did your did you find out where
the food is that just chill did you find
did you find out where the hotel yes
yeah did I told you I don't know yeah I
need to go down to seven I'm just like
saying I've never done a Christmas rule
yes then why do you want to go to a
fitness and every bit every time what's
the movie where Fergie's in it on a boat
yeah is she singing and stuff look at it
Fergie no I wouldn't try to get you're
so weird right now there's a movie where
Fergie's in it and that boat reminds me
of this boat can someone help me
remember go in the comments below if if
you watch that movie where it looks like
Titanic but Fergie's in it she's a
senior let me know I do like the casino
carpeting it's not a casino this is Bowl
I know but that's casino carpeting so
this awesome makes me feel comfortable
you're so weird you're so weird right
now I think you're too excited I've
never been booked before just go to the
finish Center I don't like this person
like this person better did you just cut
him yeah they just cut me out like Oh
so now we're at the part of the fall is
really we're on the death so you see the
Sun were outdoors but there's a pool in
the middle of it and then there's the
sides over there sides over there that's
the Saint Vincent Thomas bridge there's
something up there it's gonna be like
live music look you have a yep you have
kids they've got a drumstick got mics
this is pretty cool it's great it smells
so good I know we gotta follow the smell
where's the smell I'll follow you where
I'll follow you
food food food food
this burgers oh there's little kids in a
Jacuzzi oh I want to go home dad kids
not have fun he's really not a fun I
want to go to a restaurant and sit down
alone good third third a new third
member Melbourne it foods
mother seems like on the way it seems
like you're on the right track there's
more more people eating and it smells
like more and more food and I see more
and more happy people label oh yeah okay
who's gonna go first you and me how do
you play thank you
Oh
see
I'm going to stick undisputed every time
you order just show them
what's wrong what's up at their face you
figure weirdo here how do we end up at
the ice-cream section how do you not and
how do you walk past isn't a SS officer
what do you want once we get but you
told me every time you ice cream you get
diarrhea I do this sausage it's worth it
wait we should do two three can you
order me a guess guess which one I'm
gonna get hey Todd you know fine can I
have a 1 in it - a what - a 1 2 3 wait
why are you getting one that's so boring
no just a little bit look it's half
you're telling me you're telling me you
two never liked Barack Obama face it you
never liked Barack Obama that's messed
up here Fred Oh Trump supporter
Oh Hillary supporter where are you my
church my turn that's a truffle is that
during the passage here the first during
the presidential debate but Hillary will
be talking and then as soon as he feels
like he has something to say he's like
wait lately my turn my turn someone
please explain this to me we just
finished eating right you got ice cream
um we just crown this boat
there's plenty of stuff to do a lot of
exciting things someone was telling me
about the spa someone was telling about
the theater someone's telling me all
kinds of stuff
they could see on directory and here we
have this creature just look at the
freaking toes look at the toes of it
while you're talking to who's this
someone you want to talk about it what
are you doing in bed my bear I'm
downloading the app no matter where we
go as soon as you find a bed you
magically get in there don't be a hater
be a participator or just pay if I'm
coming in that NER you look freakin
Savage what is that the Deaf is a de
jure damage right now minute
good not just for no one it's a vacation
slow your roll relax you little pinchy
now you'll give me a massage now I was
gonna ask you for a massage fine give
them ice on your way myself
Emma so get my cell give it aside
no give it to me give it to me give it
to me keep it that stuff badly
come on how responsible of these guys so
before the ships gonna take God we're
gonna have a little safety briefing
that's good we're just having this
conversation what do I know what I do we
don't just jump shit this guy is gonna
teach us what to do everyone has their
life vest here the whole ship is here is
that crazy so that means everyone on
this ship can fit in this auditorium
that's so cool they designed it well
yeah you do have a wife you do have a
whistle all your paid attention huh
what's next tie the belts put in the
buckle
good now what do you do I'm checking on
that you are welcome to take it off and
thank you they know what part I thought
is really cool that there's this velcro
and here's we have everybody so it
already naturally keeps it together a
jump population gonna be I don't jump
off this step mom okay run five rows and
take it off mob bear killer Direction's
take it off I think point out to you
eyelets on you how did you end up here
mom bear oh you're back in Bergen so she
why are you doing this human face is
that who's driving how do we end up how
do we in the back in here yeah he said
you won't even know it again how did you
end up back here
Oh squeeze nothing are you gonna take it
now it's just the ugliest laugh I ever
saw oh you squeezed so hard
oh I'll be red what's so funny is it's
like the morning all over yeah I know
mom bear we took a little noun but now I
gotta get up you see you want to get
desserts more than diamond more than
good
why are you not getting up now why are
you not getting in there
I'm naked why are you not getting up but
why aren't you getting up mama bear
this'll difficult in the morning I have
to wake her up and then we took a nap is
retired and now she doesn't wanna wake
up
brave mother barber serious be serious
be serious right oh come serious harder
for separatin there's no camera okay
do you feel a little dizzy no do you
like of the ship sailed already are you
serious you keep going like this record
I know I assume this shit
you liar sup brah you're not naked mop
it hurry up hurry up get uh Oh she'll
most fell shit yeah
what's on the floor oh just a luggage I
stepped on there can you get up please
you're the one that kept complaining you
didn't get a dessert we have to play
basketball sit Oh so buddy you're the
one that completes you keep complaining
yeah we didn't get dessert yeah alright
let's get up ask in computer because we
have to play basketball seven Oh
so you're running out of time right now
we're talking as we're talking right now
we're running out of time
how's that I have a few Corrections
what's your Corrections one what I
wasn't complaining the warrior you did
not getting dessert I merely mentioned
that that's one of the things I want to
do today okay
let's go get it then go so that's one
okay - we don't have to play anything we
don't have to do anything so by you
saying we have to go play basketball we
have to go oh it's like oh stop it
was anything popping out goddamn you
gotta give you gotta give me a warning
can you just get your ass out of bed
why are you here yes I heard you get
your ass out but I will be back buckets
you desert very good a political payoff
for the occupation rude
the basketball come on me only
oh look at that leave out walk the walk
of a champion and there's Tiff's
and then there's Casey
I thought every play horse between the
legs they yeah and he's a kitchen son so
now it's your turn David let's go David
you got it
so we actually decided to play Pig
instead of horse because there's so many
people and it's less letter so I can
start eliminating people faster so now
it's her turn to share she has P high so
she doesn't get this today at pigs she's
gonna get out but you got this merio
I think she's out you got your girl for
now you animal all this life
oh you're going first who's going you're
going first
this is this is for David shot
oh thank you
all right what's gay we're gonna answer
back
alright the answer bar gave them the
question asked a lot harder than it
looks
Oh
