all right so just finished for me this
continues and right now it is 11 p.m.
when our call time was 9:30 um and
around this hour we get fucking loony
and zany I know if you guys could see
here but I get like these dark circles
underneath my eyes cuz I've just been an
air-conditioned room I fucking look all
pale and stuff and my makeup looks all
like cakey and weird I don't know why
that happens but I think one of the main
reasons and one of you guys actually
told me about this is I'm supposed to
use a primer so that my makeup lasts
like five times longer and I thought
that was very interesting so I gotta try
that but check out our office it's a
fucking mess right now look at this what
the hell I think he snapped joining me
right now so he does his thing all the
time where his hurts where he starts
whispering and then he's saying some bad
shit about me but little does he know
I'm doing the exact same motherfucking
think mm-hmm
how you feeling right now I'm fucking
hungry though yeah let's go so as you
guys may or may not know we do the Grand
Hustle thing I had a couple of projects
that's supposed to be this month but
because I'm down with the fam I pushed
all that shit in February but I was
supposed to shoot it this month but I
told them we had a reschedule so the
next time they could do it wasn't
February so my next year's gonna be
pretty busy but we gotta hold it down
for the family you feel me and about me
it's about the US what are you talking
about I just said how you feeling cuz
we're just kidding
what the fuck you turn out into a rapper
giving a shout out you feel me listen
I'm telling you rappers never answer
this I'm telling you right now do the
stars are aligned you feel me sometimes
you got these stars will they talk to
you man I'm talking about apocalypse my
dog I'm saying that's how rappers talk
well how do you feel right now call me
guitar did you catch Paulo going crazy
and what happens in our in our laughs
what happens in our last few videos once
we get tired we get a little
what are you doing what kind of weird
give me an example of weird shit that we
do oh shit and we talk about weird stuff
we start fucking chairs and I start
doing other stuff look at me my phone
crack no it's just a screen protector I
fold you want to see a cool trick I'm
both wrong with you so fucking hungry
that's what it is that it kind of change
huh did you change yeah I'm like what
the fuck I remember you had different
shoes cuz you had pressed those on and I
remember I was about to start talking
shit cuz you said you weren't gonna buy
any more shoes but somehow five six
months shut up
they just came out you said this like Oh
beginning of the year I had for like
five six months we could even go back to
videos where I had them so you don't
know what you're talking about you said
you're in here and I'm on your shoes
song together yeah yeah and you know
that alright
we should be happy together forever you
and I damn that sounds too hot for me
though what you killed it though girl I
can't even die with the world in Utah
release a mock cry I'll just break down
and cry pain rather beat it it was good
and you didn't even do any warm-up it's
not too hard for me you could tell it's
Britt way out of my range and this is
the voice that I get after that was
great though cuz you didn't even warm up
your vocals come didn't lock in let go
it's unnatural it makes sense though cuz
when you have the producer and vocal
cords or whatever you have to shape your
mouth - would you wanted yeah I get the
chills whenever I see your face and you
in the place go it feels like I'm in the
mall baby I'm like goopy hey let modify
your headphones down anyways cannot get
it taste girl want me to keep this baby
I ain't ashamed of calling your name
girl around your waist kiss your face
wouldn't rain is feeling for nothing not
even for a midday head I don't always
smell like fried food when I smell like
like girl and fry don't don't smell me
I'm Sophie Neveu
yeah alright what else is going on God
did the should just
it is kick it because it's dusting it
was on top of the bear you know why so
TIFF spent all this time since we had to
move since we had to kind of come back
to the old office to shoot again she had
to you an aunt or someone right
I had to come back and kind of fix
everything so they put all these little
things but look at us we fucked it all
up there's a trash now this hula-hoop
wasn't on the floor it was there you
can't have nice things
No who the fellow and then they had the
Barrow now the hats back on this whole
thing actually I moved that that's my
bed David moved this thing to yell at
someone for some reason I forgot what it
was for why are they gonna put his foot
it's cute look that Bart was using that
blanket oh I have a question for you
have you heard Geena and pulsing I do
not hear it but she said that she was
gonna do a track with Paul a while ago
and she just promoted it and we were
trying to watch it this morning but we
couldn't fucking watch it what I don't
know do you know what the fuck the link
that you put your frickin Instagram but
your song I wanted Alissa to psych
support you I couldn't hear it I was I
wanted to see I wanted you to hear it so
I could hear what your thoughts were I
was going to listen to a Gina but I left
my phone at home and I saw that it was
other a lot here is Ranger oh I love
that song sing it no no no I don't know
I don't know I don't know I don't know I
swear this one I don't know oh come did
it there it's all I hear is raindrops
falling on the rooftops ooh baby tell me
why do you have to do I can't you love
me Oh
come sing a song that you know then I
know everybody know come on sing one
that's officially missing you it is yeah
no let's sing a song that's like how you
get the full you get cuz your ears are
gonna bleed whoo what else is going on
dude look at these dark circles here oh
I look so tired and I know this lighting
doesn't help me at all but god damn look
at that Wow
wait maybe it's the lighting let me see
oh this looks a little bit different
yeah yeah look at that damn - look this
actually has a different light in here
so let's try this big stick and this is
not that bad
but I am the old dude I need something
like makeup help cuz this is horrible so
now I think we will be getting some
dinner I think the guys are talking
about guns are some things so I'm just
gonna wait for them um and I think after
they're done talking we're go get some
Chinese food Oh show me your hula hoop
tactic go teaching me I don't think you
should ever see anybody on the next you
want this do it again I don't think so
okay it's okay
it's hard this was a bullshit he wants
to learn on soon Breanna embrace your
fingers moving I think I think your
boobs are too big I think it's the
technique doing it slow but it's the
bidet and her movements are going with
the Hulu she's hella easy easy - are you
kind of you may go in slow heat wait
moving your arms ah yeah oh wait wait so
you're the phone I decided you're still
making it work
yeah you should work an ATC or something
to your leg well I can do this infield I
never tried this you can you will leave
me here as much Logan earlier or
something and just as waiting on
something you mean nothing oh cool very
good thank you I can do longer swear I
swear to Jesus another to see the door
leg do you lay no my leg oh yeah I want
to do is really things and tighten your
tummy
you got it you got it
don't don't look so big okay I'm not
gonna try to move big and watch me sir
you move it like you hate it that's okay
you taught me okay sis
no I want you to do this
so that heat I didn't tell you to go
away
pretty much Roy wait am i performing
like don't do it like this okay we try
again
okay you're not dude are you supposed to
do this really well
anybody know why anybody at that from oh
oh shit and then you move it I said I
don't attend not attend at all but it
was yeah yeah
thank you thank you I saw yeah this
smells like gross yeah that's a joke
puts his lips why are you smelling it no
smelly smelly 30 minutes behind a camel
yeah you Hulu for 30 minutes straight so
are you happy right
oh my god now she's just doing this
really good all you do is this like
you're not doing all that yeah
like once you get it you just go like
this dance again I don't know I don't
know what's going on
braiding chair just up and challenged
everyone on his motherfucking couch
she's about to show us what the fuck
this game is all about let's go I might
fucked up like in the first second oh I
got it knock the dust off all right
dusty hole let's go you can't call her a
bitch oh she casually eyes look at the
buns don't face out of Jessica
you were stripper leadership with
copious oh I like that face oh it's
gonna fall no it's not it's gonna fight
it's still casual bullshit that was good
the good one made it on the blog there
we got the good one we got the deserve
let's go stripper stripper booty I
believe in you you got this yeah oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah get those I'll kick this
out get the look this is dick dumb ah
yeah yeah he's got a big dick oh it's
the Dick's fault
maybe it's the dicks ball it's the dicks
fall it's okay what's the oh hey what
does the methodology about it though I'm
just gonna do whatever you guys are
doing gonna have like a flow shitter was
all jerky into this but I like that you
gotta start okay what's the ledge dance
for it that's a feeling I'm gonna close
my eyes
you're the most slowly first oh yeah
you're to flow ease a lot harder than
expected I want to feel I got one side
like your neck second you have to not
move your upper body that what it is I
don't know I can't run that I can't
remember I'm just gonna try to do it
right so impossible kind of find the big
can we go eat though
yeah yeah yeah we go here go eat no you
know if you want I'm not gonna do it I
know are the sayings of observational
asleep oh my god
Oh wake up early yeah we have anymore
reminders here we go yo yo you were
going
