all right so there goes my papa bear he
is going and picking up some dumplings
because I'm about to go to my parents
house cuz it's Thanksgiving and my
brother's actually hosting Thanksgiving
at his house today so that's gonna be
really cool I've never done that with my
brother just because we never really had
the closest relationship but now all of
that has changed uh and we're actually
getting closer and closer so because of
that he officially invited me to his
house for Thanksgiving and I think that
is so freakin wonderful
I'm so happy and oh shit
poppers come back out with the dumplings
look at that guy look at that guy that's
the guy my dreams everybody that's
that's my husband right there what a
funny guy i beginni hi bosz oh my god I
just made these these are fresh yeah I
know I was telling him that up but yeah
he went in there made them real quick
when you guys saw him walk in he
literally made them put them in the
instant dumpling maker and then he came
out on scratch yeah yeah no he made it
from scratch but the instant dumpling
maker is is the machine that after you
make it it just it like bakes him a
little bit why did it get baked ah they
get a beginning on what does it call
though they put on a pan of this really
good pot stickers fine so they don't get
baked they get seared and you did that
yeah you don't want me I just realize I
did that um I noticed that a lot of that
don't drive stick always ask why people
do this oh they always do that man let's
go like this and the people that don't
drive stick to always like jacking it
off and it's because if you drive stick
you want to make sure it's not in a gear
yeah cuz then it it jolt you go you're
like oh shit once you turn it on if your
foot is not on the clutch it's happened
to me a few times with you in the car
too
yeah but now my foot is down in the
clutch so doesn't matter can be well you
fucking Wing Chun illan
Wing Chun honest I don't
title oh ho my my my polo manga borrowed
magic mine Danny could speak Ansel - uh
um hold on hold on digital dog I'm done
I am so fucking offensive not that's
pretty accurate
okay we're heading over to Mom's place
okay oh my
keep going cry baby money she said
that's the name of your song this
massages get worried about the other
side the other side
on the other side alright so we are back
home from our family Thanksgiving dinner
um at my brother's house
you guys didn't notice and if that
wasn't weird my brother and then whomp
live on the same row which is super
convenient so I first visited my mom and
then we just literally walked on over to
my brother's house so it's super freakin
convenient right now mom full as hell
and I'm gonna build this cabin for my
little brats
look at that they're gonna have a
freaking mansion oh I'm so excited
this thing weighs so much they fit all
the same ways did it tell me how much
this thing weighs this says it's a
hundred and eight pounds fuck okay well
um it's in the hallway right by my door
close in the hallway and I gotta move it
whatup Meeks show me where I'm going to
put it well that's the old rat cage but
I need to build it somewhere over here
oh ah you're not on the bed funny but
that's alright meatloaf you're on the
bed Brig II forgot where her bed win and
over here we got the CUNY potato who's
also on his bed getting some work done
okay let's go back
all right uh so yeah I'm gonna end up
maybe assembling it over here since it
looks like it's gonna be whole let me
take a second because the pictures are
playing look at how cute they are
look at them look at them look at them
that's so cute
get a break get a burger get a break get
a phone get her fun get her off get her
get her one sorry get a phone get on get
on get on get her on he doesn't care
look at them they're so cute anyway yes
I'm gonna build this here there's still
going at it and uh I don't know wish me
luck we're gonna see how this goes
it says no tools recall week one it says
no tools required however something
similar to that in terms of assembly is
IKEA furniture and somehow I end up
fucking it up so again wish me luck
what the hell did you just you just
change bed you're over here now you're
over there
funny guy meatloaf
what's up guys I'm Matt uh surprisingly
geo stanley's helps even though there's
this big-ass Asian clock behind me but
her family is out handling business
right now so it's just me and geo here
and we'll be hanging out here for a
while
