good morning
good morning my bad good morning
you a gimme good morning potato you
little monkey good morning little
chipmunk did you know that this is my
favorite face of you but for all the
makeup and all that stuff
before you look like a beautiful
supermodel this is the most peaceful
CUNY face right because it's so peaceful
everyone sees a super mean ugly face I
see the curious peaceful angel face big
CUNY I love you thank you wonder what
your breath smells like though and all
very good Rick you and me another that
how did you sleep
yes i flood I just died me too I usually
pee in the middle of the night but um I
just knocked out I did this week was so
crazy and then my alarm just went off
right now and I was like oh sure
European bit of leg so I've got to wake
up and he's time to Train
we are on the floor where we parked our
cars and there are hella nice cars on
the sports or check it out right in
front of me there's a new m3 with those
brand new limited edition wheels that I
read about and then over here there's a
Aston Martin I don't know where it is
vanished vanquish vanquish vanish
whatever Range Rover all the other
regular cars and then there's more nice
cars over here
BAM we got a Ferrari up in this straight
up white Ferrari and then BAM we got a
mama bear limited edition and then we
got banging um CRV oh did you know that
um CRV is my mom's favorite part the
longest time you know most people when
they thought she had one for her
alright yeah so right now she has a
Lexus SUV before that she had to see RVs
at the same time why doesn't a 20 foot
uh here's something to taking way too
long
how do you know when to the bottom oh he
just got out oh he was laying down he's
just like come
on and weighing down on this fort sorry
me love we're just talking oh is that
right is that right you're just you're
just over it you know out of all the
dogs I've ever owned I've never had a
dog sit down as much as me love me
neither lazy
watch watch Rudy nose work for our truck
is yeah can't wait so check it out oh
good that's your truck here no where's
the truck
Oh your did jumping oh yeah we left it
open cuz you wanted to air it out
hey Jamie though Wow
bridgie cocoa cocoa oh yeah he always
looks back so out of our dogs me love
and fun are professional at jumping but
breaking needs help and so she always
gets up there and looks at looks for
help there you go I didn't know when you
took off but I'm just gonna read it to
this oh look at those cutie Pie's this
is the whole reason why we even bought
this truck at the Bale mobile and so we
got a camper lid in the back just so
that we can take them anywhere they can
get dirty muddy at dog park so we could
just rinse it out and rinse and repeat
and is nice vents and there's a vent
back there and then I could open the
vent on the inside and blast AC in here
and they loved it
and one day we'll get lice is actually
your original license plates came in
yeah but we wanted to get the vanity
plates if you're not one that's see the
custom ones yeah that system is um I
don't know what happened to that thing
so I think we just
please no I can't just wait for the the
custom ones
so yesterday churros was shoot with us
because we're having this new macro
series macro series macro series from
our obligation on the barbecue Channel
yeah and we were all like we're going to
go to the grocery store buy all these
things and prepare for this thing this
bought everything - we're on our way
and so we were waiting already for an
hour for trial to come an hour
- well don't you normally wait a long
time for - OH - OH - yeah if joe says
6:30 he means 8:30 Oh two hours and I
should put it on speaker just ask her
like oh don't mess up guys we ever we
ever ever a bit like come on Spencer I
tried my hardest you know trying to give
my ha jiggy party but you know so much
fun that you know you lose track of time
and I did tell Michael that I'd leave at
6:00 I think he just forgot because you
know there's so much going on now he's
way too stressed out you can't tell me
there so I was just like you know what
and the time I saw was 650 I was like
almost shoots on the Dean and it is
almost cool no worries when I reschedule
but I felt bad and I knew I had to a bar
but you you guys are having your guys on
meaning that I was like oh and I feel so
bad like cuz I know how important this
for barbell bar was like number one you
know yeah shower just like damn it felt
so bad and
Dean was giving me shade called me yeah
yeah you deserve this ho he was actually
like hey like he was texting me saying
no worries bro and then he let her take
me like five times down with the hem and
then he goes were Wayne and I'm like
what the hell so i was confused like the
game I'm confused are you tell me to
calm or not I still can come and film
and he's like nah bro you guys like nah
bro it's so messed up and he's like
speak louder I can't hear you and I'm
like speaking louder and he can't even
speak and is boring like stuff like ten
times there's full reception in the
building but we knew that churro is
going to feel guilty so he's talking and
things like speak slower I could not
hear you I cannot make it I'm sorry and
he's like what what speak louder speak
clearer it keeps your beating it yeah
sure I promise up your time what a
flaker frosted make a fuckin cornflake
car man you're Tony the Tiger
I just finished training and the dogs
were inside the office the whole time
while I was training so now I'm walking
them before I get a haircut I'm trying
to figure out what I should do though
because today I'm a soccer dad so I got
all three kids with me but I also have
to get a haircut and there's no place
for the dogs while I get a haircut
so I'm thinking oh shit bring your thing
in a dump
ready dumping or peeing or pooping or
peeing that's good good job Ricky so
kind of figured out if it's hot enough
if I can just leave them in the camper
because my haircuts only gonna be 20 30
minutes and it is vented or maybe I
should leave the truck on oh I might be
a good idea if I leave the truck on and
I have the a/c on and I have the window
open in the back and the a/c will go to
the back but what if someone jumps in
the truck and steals it oh but if I
could park the truck in front of the
barbershop then I could watch it while
I'm getting a haircut and then if
someone tries to steal that I could run
out and kill them that's a good plan
alright well that's what i'ma do when I
go get my hair cut I'm gonna put the
dogs in the camper let them chill out
there leave the car on up the a/c on so
now I'll just make sure that these guys
all peepee and poopoo so that when
they're in the camper they're nice and
comfortable I'm about to turn this
corner next to the barber brigade and I
think a lot of people bring their tugs
at Dooky because there's a ton a freakin
Dookie around here look I don't all over
they see that all of that is Dookie all
the irresponsible dog owners with no
Dookie bags just dooking on the streets
of LA if you want a dog and you walk
them and they're pooping make sure you
have Dookie bags to pick it up like this
guy see this guy's about to poop right
now and I have Dookie bags on me Oh
double Dookie
no what about you fun GG key double D
key it's the Dookie fam
you know how earlier I showed you guys
how much meatloaf likes to jump in the
truck so I'm gonna show you guys again
every opportunity that meatloaf gets and
the truck is open he wants to jump in
watch take this down so me loads right
here the trucks all the way over there
go meatloaf dude you're making me look
bad
come on me love go in the truck go in
the truck go there you go there you go
there he goes what the dude you always
jump okay there we go
fine your turn go fine go find Oh fun
don't break eco freaky freaky girl and
she always gets up halfway it looks at
me
Ricky can't get in by yourself dear
Ricky do you have almost there you're
halfway there just got a jumper come on
Ricky fine I'll help you okay one two
three there you go see you guys later
I'm in the mid I'm in the middle of the
freeway right now because I just got
into an accident so as I was driving
this car came up in front of me and then
trying to cut me off and then so there's
damages here and if you look at her car
there are damages on this side I have to
be very careful because there's oncoming
traffic but there's damages on this side
so she scraped me there's this entire
portion right here that's all black and
has dirt on my truck it doesn't look as
bad because there's a lot of dirt from
it from when I went off roading but
obviously there is scrapes underneath
here and it needs to be buffed out so
right now we're just going to trade
information and figure that out you have
your license and registration and your
insurance
yeah you could take a picture of yours
and then take a picture of mine and we
could just train information so I'm
gonna do that right now and hopefully
make it to my haircut appointment on
time back on the road again I haven't
gotten into a car accident in a long
time I think it's been at least five
years so that was kind of astonishing
like I saw it happen right before my
face I was just driving in a straight
line and she was driving on the
passenger side of me and all of us thud
she just cuts right in front of me and
hits my car I'm like oh shit what the
fuck nothing she stopped and I'm looking
at the damages and I don't think I'm
reported just because the damages on her
car are way worse than the damages on my
car and it's just a couple of scratches
and I can probably get it buffed out and
I also kind of feel bad because
ironically the person that ran into me
is the most stereotypical bad driver
it's a little asian girl straight from
China she doesn't know how to speak
English and she was like you know I
speak Chinese and I was like yes I do
actually she like you know read I might
know but because I was able to speak
Chinese oh they look to communicate with
her so I just feel bad I shouldn't even
know the rules if she was looking at me
she's like this is your fault right and
I'm like my fault are you crazy
she goes yeah you ran into me I might
know I'm going in a straight line if
you're going in a straight line
and you cut lanes and you hit into
someone else it's always going to be
your fault the person that's going in a
straight line as long as there are below
the speed limit they are never at fault
and she was just kind of like scratching
her head like really is that how it
works I'm like dude I don't know how the
rules are in China but if you're going
to straight line America and someone
comes into your lane and hits you it's
their fault so I just feel bad and I'm
like I don't
I don't even report it but if she does
end up reporting it on her end then fuck
it you know I'll let the insurance
company know so yeah that was a quick
little detour that I wasn't expecting
still on the way to getting her hair cut
I just let my barber Ben know that I'm
gonna be running about 15 minutes late
but I'm just glad it wasn't anything
crazy because I had the dogs in the car
so if it was like a crazy like t-bone
that I really would have shocked the
dogs but I think the amount of impact we
felt it just felt like when you're
driving and you accidentally hit a curb
and you're just like whoa that's kind of
how it felt like so while I was getting
a haircut the dogs were in the truck for
30 minutes I left the a/c on and the
truck running just so that they don't
die in this heat let's see how they're
doing
Oh funny looks happy
meatloaf is laying down nice and calm
are you guys sleeping with breaky hey
Ricky you guys look so happy back here
awesome how was the AC was it nice and
cool do you guys feel hot let's see all
feels nice and cool in here good puppies
you guys aren't even panting guys it's
relaxing I'm so glad I got this truck
cuz the last one the Tacoma once I put
all three dogs in the truck bed the
whole thing was stuff but in here I got
three dogs and I still got some space I
can put luggage and stuff are you just
giving yourself a blowjob now me love
that's inappropriate so you just told me
that you got into a car it's all the
Dean that I got into a party this is
was that sprinkles is that cupcakes
I don't know why is it doggy ball on
here look at theirs first fine
I don't know how to open it you can
figure it out oh yeah well what is it
for his birthday
oh these are made for dogs look at this
dude I bet they're bonds here to take
away if I know them no they're for the
dogs
they're like bite-sized dog then wanna
feed the dogs and then that was what's
you oh wait what you want to get it this
way but what you forgot is that I had
strong fingers which is wanting to
beating a demon the for a front squat
promise was pretty those pretty oh you
till today
oh yeah flavor
what are they um I forget but the bird
if I have to pick one right off the bat
but they're all the flavors you like
some eating I like this one this one
said I meant looking what you love
chocolate here we go for the cinnamon oh
I love cinnamon but I love chocolate too
but I also love cinnamon you know how
much I love Charles I know how much you
love chocolate Oh mother shrew fell of
because I think you tilted it well it
goes there and this up to you if you
want to share not I do wanna share that
strawberry on the show doesn't got 12
about you what I know of course your
birthday whatever you want take a bite
out every single one you're good then
share I completely forgot was my
birthday to be honest it's not even know
here you can give this to the pups
love you and think you're the favorite
parent I'll feed them first what okay
bye
mmm baby inside
no oh that's the best so many love Vicky
fun
you only do it on the side look at the
little dog bone happy birthday to you
come are you happy birthday to you gonna
be love fun hey fine yes Mila yeah there
doggie cupcakes oh he doesn't wanna eat
it
you guys are so oh just old it from
yourself fuckin with a quickness you
went whoosh ah she Oh recent job freaky
to me love
happy birthday dinner fuckin do your
fuckin peas like eat it here yeah this
is delicious here good boy good boy good
boy good boy good farm boy happy
birthday to you
don't eat it that's hers oh you didn't
take off the wrapper oh you're not gonna
go Danna hey happy
you and you guys are so picky okay
you're gonna go back in your cave okay
she's gone all right there's one more
okay
yes one more one more what a little
surprise
we're just a little in like yeah well
later okay not like later in private or
anything like later in like 5-10 minutes
okay
Cassie you sharra yeah ya know cuz I was
gonna take a shower but then you take it
take your ticket car Oh
come into the office and what do I see
lunch thanks MA bear where did you get
me for lunch time what you ready no
sugar fish
you little are you trying to get lucky
tonight oh I can't look oh thanks MA
bear how can we decide to give me sugar
fish one of my favorite things in sugar
fish is the salmon with the sesame seeds
only they do it this way so any of you
guys that try to copy I know you guys
got a copy sugar fish but the sesame
seeds really bring out something in the
salmon and just regular old yellow crab
Oh enough yellowtail
thanks mom but are you really trying to
get lucky
what does whatever sauce in there are
gangaiah fine
oh you're so sick do we have time to do
it on the coke yeah it's okay you have
time to eat
you gotta me right I know but I want to
eat it oh so I want to eat first and
then try to scarf it and then uh me
within running a little bit late today
fun what are you trying to do trying to
hide in your phone is always trying to
hide in here fine go underneath the
table you always have to just hide there
and fine we'll stay there literally the
whole day for like eight hours and then
on the other side sometimes you see her
little freaking nose sticking out
there's a little know that there it is
freaking little Bonnie yeah a little
give me find me
well you got some wood towels toilet
paper once we cut the food trays trash
bags instant hot chocolate I don't even
think they know why we're getting all
this stuff Oh
should we tell them I think I told him
maybe I didn't I don't know we're gonna
go kitten for your birthday
whoa going camping for my birthday and
I'm so happy about it because I haven't
been camping in over probably at least
five years and ten years ten years
probably we've been together I've never
seen you cat yeah and then me David and
Joe and Casey to keep saying wanna go
camping but we never have time and even
though this weekend honestly schedule
wise it's probably the worst we can go
camping but we're like fuckin we're
gonna go camping even if it just for one
day and let's see what I got my back so
I got a tool set for the house just
because we need it but I'm also gonna
bring it camping because we probably
might need a hammer for to set up a tent
or whatever so I got that you put this
on the side and then I got another
lantern because I already have a lantern
at home but I just think we just need
one public one it's only 20 bucks I look
like I'll get that I got the lighter got
a lighter and then I got a skewers and
they are telescoping see so we can put a
hotdog on each and then you can pull my
pull my way we call it see what happens
when you touch it it's really long it's
really long and really rigid you know
what I mean I'm gonna keep going
wait I came up this way Oh Dan is this
thing made in China and broken like five
seconds okay there we go
all right so we got four of these I also
got a mosquito repellent repellent I
thought you have a one already
I do but this one is new so let's
sharpen there's only seven bucks so I
was like instead of relying on my old
one we'll just get a brand new one for
seven bucks and we should get like the
towel or something yeah
okay I couldn't see the candle they only
saw the spray why okay I'm almost done
what else do you need I could help you
find whatever you need any clothes
up you want to see my little list yeah
what else we got rockin it out as I get
it oh you can cross out on your
spreadsheet yeah and you defend a cup of
noodles Coppa knows I hope you get that
what else I need the I know what that is
oh you got the firewood right
technically it's not firewood it's a
Duraflame so ill once you put that in
the campfire it'll burn for three hours
but you still need campfire it doesn't
substitute it it's just that one log you
put in there that lasts a long time
right on our way there possibly we could
probably find a rose that'll have
something like that I tell what else do
we need Oh oh well I got it already
Oh dish soap I need to get dish soap
toilet paper got first-aid kit we need
headache medicine we need cooler you got
coolers right I got two of them I got
one right here one down here you think
two is too much no really I feel like
you can never have okay all right
creamers for coffee that's more of a
luxury I can't find it to me
fuck it tossing it give us guys suck it
up so what do you would eat it would day
is that so kitchen so more more like
kitchen stuffs I need kitchen knife a
cutting board how about this uh I'll get
instant noodles and I'll get you s'mores
the other stuff you can get okay and I
can tell you where exactly we're kitchen
is we're over there yep hey ready hold
on we got a team team Bears on three and
then we'll go split all right why would
you bring a horny mm-hmm hold on no no
team bears we're a sports team ready
break on three we're gonna sit on three
we're gonna say team bears
I'll turkey ready one two three team
bears I did play sports I wrestled okay
you do use all three one two three team
s new team in Europe in Bear you're a
team everybody ready team bears on three
one two three team bears beyouty yo fuck
Oh
what's up guys I'm at uh surprisingly
geo Stanley's house even though there's
this big-ass Asian clock behind me but
her family is out handling business
right now so it's just me and geo here
and we'll be hanging out here for a
while
