Hey
what up guys
me and my bear are out here and the
beautiful Big Bear Mountains having a
really good time in this very scenic
area for a barbell Brigade retreat and
we already started this off really
nicely we started is awesome we started
off really nicely because we got here an
hour early yeah so we're waiting for all
the other barbell guys to come in the
band so we come out in the middle of
nature case lore and they have such a
great time this is how much of a great
time
we have we're actually stuck in the
middle of the mud and there's nothing we
can do to get out of bridge okay so this
is my feet every step that I take it
just gets deeper and deeper and when I
pull it out it doesn't actually oh shit
as I pull one off the other one gets
deeper all right so this is a bat oh
look no no my oh shit
now my shoes over there my foots over
here god damn it Marva what's going on
the problem is this is a lake and the
the dirt bed is super muddy because it's
used to having water on top
I have don't have my tires on
all-terrain tires so my axle is sitting
on the dirt and my tires are just
floating and that's meatloaf in the back
looking at my bear and I'm completely
stuck right now and I'm missing a shoe
so right now we call it like a very
specific off-road help specialist and
hopefully they can come and take us out
but you could definitely believe this is
going to be the start of the best barber
Brigade retreat ever so Nadeem was
trying to run over here to help us and
as soon as he stepped off the pier he
went a foot deep into the mud fuck I
don't know what's gonna happen they're
gonna connect the Jeep with the wind to
the tow truck and that's gonna be its
anchor point and then the jeeps gonna
come over and the Jeep has a winch on
the Jeep bring it switch to me and pull
me out
you
so after all that mess we're finally
home finally it's here and I'm gonna
lose I need another battery
hoopla hoopla and all that little
freaking mushy mash muddy muds
and dented fenders and twelve thousand
dollars later 1200 thank God it wasn't
twelfth a large $1,200 later we're
finally at our Oh
oh honey we're so connected Natalie haha
alright so I haven't walked around yet I
think the most that I've seen is like
the first floor and kitchen cuz they
brought pizza since we hadn't eaten
since the morning yeah so we're gonna
take a tour to get our let's do it
alright oh look the pop Elena's already
here know that that's wait where's the
other one
are you trying to leave all the time I
don't know I just fucking got you back
alright
you oh he can break you always stay
around us if Brady just keeps Jetty me
middle of me loving fun oh yeah meatloaf
and finds always sticks around and
freakin always trying to bounce out
alright so the first thing I guess this
is a guest bathroom and it's just shower
sink toilet oh that's very nice very
smart use of space pretty normal pretty
normal and I believe this is I saw Evan
come out of here earlier so that might
be Evan a demon Lou I think Evan may be
also nice room Twitter shit or then I
don't know boss is here oh my god you
know what if I was a kid I would love to
have a room like this this is nice
thinking of it about it when we have
kids oh for sure we need to have just
seven kids just so we can have room like
this how cute is that I'm down
usually I don't know like when I see
stuff like this it makes me feel really
good because it's always like super
homey TV shows and you see the homey
homes and then yeah like the older
brother big brother is playing but
sometimes like the adults are in the
living room you like where the hell are
you kids up yeah major bonding just have
a good yeah well I can speak from
experience cuz I had siblings growing up
so when you have a space like this it's
a lot of fun they take a lot of fun just
cuz when you're sleeping then you like
you protect Gladys leg but then you're
like Shh now you've been in these are
just talking making jokes bouncing
around being funny switching or like
playing tricks on each other or
practical jokes it's a lot of fun when
you get to co-exist in one space that's
awesome and over here we have another
bedroom and I have no idea who shoes are
those Oh
what these are some aquatic ass you know
why I dig is that is Lou Lou oh you're
right you're right you're good that is
lose you're good all right this is loose
gets his own room and then we move on we
call him here's the he's right here hey
Lou what is that your bedroom yeah this
way I know I'm asleep down here so why
are those are things up in there I don't
know oh it is you called it good job is
it
where you going Annette I'm going to my
bedroom cricket all right okay go
they're always up to no good all right
what's in here so there's a little
closet here oh and a walk now it's not
even a question
oh it's just a water heater water meter
what I got here hopefully no naked it's
locked which means Airbnb just wants to
go in there let's go upstairs there's
one missing
come on kids all right I will
oh great a secret yeah one of my
favorite deals of having like two or
three story houses is watching dogs
running upstairs fucking cute on a loop
oh yes I love this house just so nice
it was just live here hey Sam oh the
living room so here we have the living
room the living room and I really like
this console because to your left over
here you have a beautiful window or you
could probably sit down if you wanted to
and ponder about life that there's so
many windows in this house it's the open
space concept well known every day I
take that back there's this thing but it
doesn't feel like it's closed off
because it's like a big-ass viewing area
so into the couch front the TV it's a
lot of open space that that leads into
the outdoors patio but we'll get there
and in it we have your dining table they
have like a little counter I think like
oh yeah counter bar counter type in this
cabinet space that's really cool Wow
yeah oh these no spices in the cabinet
oh that's awesome
I actually really like this kitchen
setup because one I like separated
islands yeah like this yeah where you
can cook and then the sinks over here
yeah so if you need to tag team in the
kitchen uh excuse me
you can so finding a wash dishes and you
need to cook something we can do that
and then especially with the open
concept thing they're talking about like
you get to kind of be in your own
kitchen world yeah but then also see
what everyone else is doing over there
and when I took up view from all the way
over here I really enjoyed seeing the
patio and the living room cuz it just
makes it seem like your living room is
that big if you want it to be and if it
gets too cold you want to bring it in
and it feels way more cozy yes yes you
always know what everyone is up to so
we'll go this way over here
at a patio area with the swing sorry I
never seen a patio with a swing like
this like how cool is that
and then there's plenty of seating area
blue how did you get here all of a
sudden whose chili the dog's kitchen
like it's like a deck out here it's
really cool and then you can oversee the
mountains and you're surrounded by trees
and different cabins and houses but
here's a really fresh and crisp it feels
really nice and you have your table and
a grill outside and if you wanted to
communicate to the people on the third
floor and you can so let's move it up
there oh let's take the spiral pieces of
the spirals are you barefoot what if
your feet freakin get frozen on this
steel oh wow you got some strong feet
these guys are a dog-proof huh the dogs
the dogs are scared of this for some
reason then now we are on the third
floor again beautiful view nice oh you
can see the lake from the third floor
yeah that's beautiful beautiful ah let
me see is it locked
it is it is locked awesome what a great
way to intern oh there's a door it's
open
alright so we enter in - Oh careful what
is that what is that it's a fucking
surprise dog dukey oh my god it smells
so bad
oh fuck is a dog dander oh holy shit oh
my god fuck that was I gonna dump stuck
I get up can't get up with one with one
foot and just step out here what
okay all right uh don't I get you uh so
I gotta rinse this foot off it smells
really bad too
all right give me a second okay to get
you something
so imma just hop into the bathtub and
meanwhile showing you the bathroom let's
go oh my god fucking animals I don't
know if it's meatloaf well I'm a pretty
eat but we're the lights to this place
oh the bathrooms pretty big very long oh
cool bath there's no person shower oh
you know what that means but you're
gonna lay down on there gusting that
means we get to do something times watch
each other's backs in the region so I
get to wash off this dog shit on camera
awesome
Wow it's just not your day uh-huh-huh on
my truck
stuff that shit I've got the chair
everything then shitting me okay lots of
stuff all right so it's so funny
hey nice and clear looks good
be careful there could be landmines I
know you never know where you're walking
double sink you can never go wrong with
the CC ever if you're a couple never
look at this bed wow I feel like a king
on his bed really put test test it
Oh soft it feels good really yeah that's
good okay I could do with this I can do
with it
nice as a mirror for Eric a mitt do you
meet when it's in that room which one
this one is it locked
well it's locked okay and then moving
over here we have another bedroom wow
there's so many bedrooms this place is
cool I think please Oh dad's a big
closet wow this is a big closet where's
the we're so light to this I don't know
all right
hook it big closet and then we got
something on this side could be a
bathroom it's another bedroom bedroom
it's a big one too this this little
Aaron either Tony or airbag
oh I think it's Tony no idea who all
right knocking this way bathroom for the
third floor okay nice nice nice what's
this
oh it's hub it's the first tub I've seen
in this whole house oh that's nice okay
and this is the end of the third floor
if you follow you go back down meatloaf
on breaky coming up you know good kids
good not really who took a shit who took
a shitty you who took a shit with you
who talked over there he took a shit
with
shit walk over there cool Turkish it
over there hey was it bringing you son
of a bitch we'll never know because he
don't talk hey do you like the house
it's beautiful it's it's huge I wish I
had the family to fill it up but I think
like houses like this where it's big
spacious but feels homey these are the
type of homes that are dream homes for
me because I grew up as an only child so
it's very very lonely and that feeling
of when I go to my friend's house and
your brothers coming in of different
ages I the brother comes in he's like
the football like quarterback jock and
then you know you have the girl that's
like a little baby girl on the tricycle
and then my friends like the medium
friend it's it's something I always wish
for
so like because I didn't have it be cool
if I had a family like that and and if
you got a house like this where it's
like all brightly lit and everybody just
had fun yeah
I mean really awesome but the cool thing
is I don't have that yet but I get to
share that with my barber gig family and
it feels like a real family
you know like we all hang out here and
it worked hard the entire year and at
the end of the year we get to have this
barber Brigade retreat with the entire
family where no one has to work take
pictures shoot videos design anything
and we get to just relax and bond
finally as a family and it's one of
things I really look forward to over
here how about you same but you know
what's crazy we rented another Airbnb
that's across the street from this one
that's true I don't know what that one
looks like I don't know either but we'll
do it later okay all right so this
retreat was really really dull because
it's very very hard for us to even get
into like one setting with all our you
know all our team it's very hard to
organize that so being able to you know
spend a weekend with everyone and have
like you know different conversations
every because we're we are a big group
is just really really know the best part
of this weekend definitely was a filming
of the bond during that was with me Evan
Sarah all acted together and based on a
true story you know some ghostly things
were happening here what is the Padre
I'm it's like the conjuring except our
version of it yes see it on YouTube
it was an amazing trip really is super
fun we all felt like even got closer
than we already were
I love the retreat I always look forward
to it I couldn't wait a whole week to be
here today I mean I really wanted to
just hang out with everybody eat some
food watch the movies play some games
and it was a really good time it was
awesome it was a complete family bonding
experience it's good just to relax
you've been working so hard lately just
being understaffed and soft so to
actually get away and enjoy Ron's
company it's been really good especially
to have the whole family so like you and
geo and then obviously Erin and stuff
too so I get to get to hang out with
everyone it was amazing I think we don't
get a lot of times to just do nothing so
like for the past two nights we
literally came into this house sat
around ate food and just talked the
entire time and played a bunch of games
and I feel like when we're back at home
and back at work like we don't really
have time to just focus on hey like how
are you doing or hey are you having fun
or hey like are you having a good time
with me or getting to know me and so the
past like two nights it's been really
exciting and I feel like I guess as a
manager like I'm always focusing on work
like hey like can you also do this but
hey are you but this weekend was just
really getting to know everyone a little
bit more deeper and so I think the most
exciting part was our first day when
Bart's truck got stuck and even Nadine
got stuck and I feel like typically
anyone would have been like oh man like
now our day is kind of ruined or what
are we gonna do for those today but as
soon as the truck came out we went back
to just hanging out and it was a lot of
fun even though we're just sitting
around and doing nothing
I love the retreat just for the simple
fact that I don't really get to spend
time with my barbell fam
we're always split up in kind of a just
different segments is the fact that we
were all able to spend time together
watch game movies together and bond that
way or cook together and bond that way
or see anything fall into like like mud
updated like knee deep moments like that
are our moment that you really can't see
in a work environment you know so seeing
everyone lounging around and bonding and
talking and like making a short film on
an iPhone like those moments for the
memorable ones and moments that I'm like
oh I'm so happy to be alive right now
that like witnesses with my fam I had a
really fun time this entire weekend and
the barbell Brigade retreat is the one
thing that all of our staff looks
forward to the entire year even though
this is only our second annual one I
think we had so much fun the first one
that as soon as we were like two three
months out everyone's I can do this you
can do this year and we have new members
and I think the beauty of it is with the
original barber Brigade staff we have
such a tight family that usually you
would think when you bring on new
members they're not going to fit in as
well they're not going to mesh in you're
going to feel kind of like this
superiority complex come kind of like
the way a lot of frats do you know it
like you have bigs and you have littles
and you kind of make the littles like do
all this dish work or whatever and the
really cool thing about the barber
brigade family is that we don't have
that like you have their superiors
there's a manager and then there's
assistant manager and there's people
that are in charge of different areas
but that is for a professional work
environment to get you done in terms of
family like we're all equals and it was
such a great experience and I knew there
was going to be a really good experience
right from the start when my truck got
stuck in the middle of the lake that's
how you know that the trip was gonna be
awesome
what's up guys I'm Matt uh surprisingly
geo family's house even though there's
this big-ass Asian clock behind me but
her family is out handling business
right now so it's just me and geo here
and we'll be hanging out here for a
while
