oh I went up guys so I'm here at high
five hand therapy and I'm with Danny and
Danny was a member at the old barbell
but now he has his own place and you
guys know I have a broken knee so I need
to get that fixed and I also have just
all kinds of knots and whatever they the
the scientific terms are called from
just all the power lifting that I've
been doing so with my knee what's been
going on with it is I don't know if it's
just an tinnitus but um right now the
pain like I can do leg extensions but if
I front squat or back squat it hurts
anything past 90 degrees it hurts and it
hurts to the point where yesterday I was
just Benji and with lay drunk there and
if like I had a blanket on my leg like
this I'm trying to move it off even that
hurts so it's just a blanket yeah okay
so a lot of power lifters tend to get
the patellar tendonitis yeah so you
probably have some inflammation in this
area here do you think that's what it is
really think it could be anything torn
or anything yeah we'll do some
assessment on it and see what's what
okay fine and then we're gonna get all
those knots
Hey from your traps and everything yeah
all kinds of weird stuff like I have it
in my my neck my traps like sometimes
I'm sleeping and I'll turn over and I
just feel stiff randomly in a bunch of
weird places
yeah so let's get the started here so
we'll do a full-body assessment to see
what okay yeah your shoulders
kind of like almost to your chest here
yeah so you're almost like just like
Paige are supposed to be like this so my
computer and saturate like going like
this yeah try like reaching up high you
can they're gonna feel a little bit like
a little bit restricted yeah so you
should actually be like a little bit
like this it's going to feel a little
natural because they're just so used to
like oh alright we're going to do it
before and after a range of motion tests
so from all the lifting and maybe bad
form or bad uh what's the word extending
and properly working up one other
computer like my shoulders aren't in the
right place so he's gonna fix me all up
and then afterwards we're gonna see how
my range of motion of mobility is
compared to right now
so that's good all right and then let's
try uh reaching for your coils here yeah
okay here I'll move the still just
barely touching the toes there okay
that's good all right oh so I can't work
out for 48 hours after this yeah so your
whole body goes into reaction yeah you
know my god I've never sprained an ankle
like playing basketball uh yeah thanks
oh so you know how your body gets
swollen yeah all the blood is like hogs
or my whole body is wallet your whole
body goes into reactions this year
yeah oh-oh-oh-oh it will take about a
couple days to recovery oh oh oh what is
that oh I'll tell you all my secrets
I'll tell you how my secret oh all I
should just get the FBI to do this to
people
Oh what oh rosin beer that's like crazy
oh there is no everything oh oh oh
how did Lu take it about the same take a
lot paint a tree yeah human have an idea
yeah the blue that's some serious stuff
going on
oh yeah lot of injuries
Oh
oh oh oh oh oh oh it's about oh oh my
god I don't know my name anymore oh my
god there's legal oh oh ah I guess the
laughs oh I feel your pain like I'm
hurting for you ah
oh yeah all right so now it's time for
the after and we're going to check the
range of motion after the treatment
we can do that again can someone go man
that's a lot better it is I could feel
it
so let's try it with you for the totem I
called an interactive video all right
that's good
all right Bart because all before you
were kind of like they're barely next
time guys oh yeah now you can always get
your edgar tips yeah yeah and I think
there was like about 10-15 degrees more
yeah this one's like a big with your
almost like just one second here but not
all the way down here then you're going
to do one of this tension like in the
traps this is good
I'm going to have them work Nick
rotation oh yeah yeah so you don't have
to say you're having to live
yeah I don't feel anymore cool Ellen
Matt Santos possible yeah all right
thank you thank you what up y'all just
got back from Danny's and I already feel
way way looser in the 15 plus years of
me lifting I have never gotten scar
tissue removed nor have I ever gotten
graston and graston is the technique
that Danny uses with those metal tools
and he's scraping against my skin to
break up all the scar tissue that's
built up from me lifting exercising and
just life or whatever right and how that
works is underneath your skin you have
like if you can imagine if I wasn't
going the camera I have another hand if
I interlock my fingers it's supposed to
move smoothly like that that's what the
fashion underneath their skin is and
over time because of use or abuse or
just even like sitting at a computer for
a long time or shoulders are hunched
over or even if you're like you drive
and you always look over your right
shoulder you can have scar tissue built
up here if you don't address those your
body slowly turns into like this weird
creature because there's different parts
of you that are pulling on it and the
scar tissue just over time solidifies
and becomes more and more permanent
which is why you got to get grasped in
or any type of other scar tissue removal
therapy where they break it up and it so
that your skin can glide over your
muscle once again and because I have
never gotten that done this time was the
most painful ever and he says as you go
back it becomes better and better and
better but I was screaming my ass off so
I'm really happy that I feel super loose
now I feel really good I feel like a
brand new athlete but more importantly
he was able to help address my me so for
the last couple of weeks I've been
having like a knee problem and it hurts
so much
like when I squat when I front squat and
it hurts so much to the point that even
when I'm sleeping and if I have a
blanket on top of my leg and I just like
kicking the blanket off with my right
knee it would hurt my knee joint so I'll
blanket is like not even like two pounds
you know so the slightest bit of sorry I
was my lunch the slightest bit of
pressure can cause pain on my right knee
but by him blasting like he freakin went
ham with that tool against my knee and
my quad it already relieved a ton of
pressure to the point where I can
actually pull down on my shin and then
try to flex with my quad and it doesn't
hurt I couldn't even do that this
morning this morning if I were to put on
my sock I have to make sure that my knee
joint is like this it's at a past
90-degree angle if anytime I go like
this past 90 it would hurt so him
breaking up the scar tissue already
helped out a lot and I'm really thankful
Danny and his dope because who would
have known you know like he was one of
the first members at the original bar
but I already knew he was a physical
therapist but I didn't know that he knew
all these really cool techniques because
he never really bragged or walked around
like that like I just thought it was
just normal power lifter and it wasn't
until I saw a bunch of barbell guys
going to see him I'm like oh shoot he's
a physical therapist well maybe I should
go get my body readjusted and get my
knee checked out and he helped me out a
lot so if you're ever in the OC make
sure you go check them out it's called
high five hand therapy
he's a hand specialist but because you
went to school he knows a lot about a
bunch of other things and he's also a
power lifter body builder so he's not
just going to be one of those medical
professionals that only knows the
theoretical knowledge he's going to know
the actual applicable knowledge too
because he actually trains and he knows
a lot of stuff so he helped me with my
knee he taught me to stay on for two
days he told me to stay off of it for
two days so that's what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna stay off of this sorry I think I
don't know what happened with my tongue
and lower lip got stuck together not so
happens when I gave flamin hot cheetos
like it gets spicy so you're like
and now when you're talking with the
Ritter's it's kind of slurs out like
that so yeah I told me to stay off of my
leg for two days and that's what I'm
going to do and I'm going to keep
stretching my quad because he says it's
caused by having a really tight quad
it's pulling the tendon up and that's
what's causing the pain samba keep
smashing my quad keep flossing it and
hopefully up I won't have to take two to
three weeks off and I can be back in the
gym and one week and started going ham
