what up guys woke up today like a normal
day train like it's a normal day but
it's not a normal day at all because
yesterday a family emergency happened
and I'm not going to name any names or
which family between mine or Gio's is
involved yet because I don't think
they're ready to release that
information to the public but a family
emergency a very severe one it happened
that really shook the lives of both Gio
and her family and mine and my family
and because of that our lives are a
little bit different this week and we
kind of stopped a lot of JK activities
so that we can focus on taking care of
the emergency that came up
and now I'm driving to Rose Hills which
is a cemetery and mortuary and it's also
the same place where my grandpa on my
dad's side is buried so if you can pick
up the hits yes there's been a death and
one of our families and it's a huge
unexpected death and I think that's why
it is shook up both Jill's family and
mine because we are married and so I'm
on my way there
and you know a lot of times when people
go through some desperate times I think
it's easy to kind of just curl up and
turn into a hermit and because you don't
feel like doing anything right like a
lot of times like you have a death in
the family you don't feel like working
you don't feel like going out you don't
feel like doing anything because
especially the ones that come out of
nowhere and shock you like for example a
few weeks ago I told you guys that my
grandma passed away and that to me
although it's really sad and I had a
really close relationship with my
grandma it didn't shock me because she's
been having Alzheimer's for the last
three to five years and for the last
three to five years it already felt like
she wasn't my grandma it was just my
grandma shell but it was someone else's
soul in it and so I made it much easier
to let go because you're prepared for it
you know and it's so hard for my mom
just because that is her mom but for me
even though I was really close with my
grandma I lost that connection with her
three to five years ago but every time I
go to Taiwan I would still treat her
with all the love and affection that I
have
and try my best to repay her for all the
things she's done for me like make me
yummy food wipe my ass and all that and
you guys saw me like I gave her a red
envelope which in the Chinese culture
like that's how not only how olders or
elder people reward the kids for Chinese
New Year but that's how the younger
generation the juniors pays respects to
their seniors so I had a really good
relationship with my grandma and but
when she passed away I was like okay
cool like I saw that coming so it's bad
but it's not too bad
with the more recent death it was pretty
bad because no one saw it coming no one
was able to prepare for it and now like
all of us involved have to kind of just
slam on the brakes and put a halt on our
current lives to kind of take care of
all the things that we have to do
whether it's the funeral the mortuary
the will what to do with property like
there's like a bunch of stuff that we
really really have to take care of that
we never saw coming but um I guess we
were really lucky though just because
everything kind of timed out perfectly
with JK news with moving to the new set
although it looks way better there's a
lot of problems out of rows and like
like biggest song right more more money
more problems that's literally what
happened like with a bigger more
professional set it looks way nicer but
now there's all these additional things
like sound or scratchiness on the law or
the studio sounding too clean and to the
point where it doesn't even sound real
like if you see someone running across
the grass all you hear in your ear is
someone breathing
you don't hear the grass don't hear the
other people cheering like a sounded way
to clean so there's a lot of unforeseen
stuff that we have to take care of them
because of that we're not shooting JK
party we're not shooting JK news this
week and that allows me and Gio to have
the time to spend with our families and
kind of mourn together and so that's
what I'm doing I'm driving the rolls
Hills right now to meet up with some
family and to kind of take care of
things I'm gonna need to take care of
don't worry though
there's no need to be sad for us I just
want to share this part of our life with
you guys because you know that's real
life you know a lot of vlog a lot of
Long's show the happy times and joyful
times but that's fake like everyone
regardless of how successful how
unsuccessful how much family if you're a
loner if you're extrovert everyone goes
to high and low times and this is one of
the low times but I think it's important
to keep your head up and keep doing what
you need to do and keep doing the
responsibilities so I still train this
morning I still have a meeting with Jo
to really go for some stuff I just think
meeting like am kind of minimizing a lot
of the more trivial things just so
because this is immediately jumps up to
priority number one anything that's not
priority number two or number three I'm
just kind of like
moving it back and postponing it until
next week after we take care of all of
this stuff and after everyone's spirits
are our backup so that's kind of what
we're at I know it's got a touch from
Geo so I got to answer that because I
can't vlog and drive and text at the
same time and I'll get back with you
guys soon
what's up guys I'm Matt uh surprisingly
geo stanley's helps even though there's
this big-ass Asian clock behind me but
her family is out handling business
right now so it's just me and geo here
and we'll be hanging out here for a
while
spirits are still down because a tragedy
just happened and all we can really do
is the stronger must stand by those that
have been hit harder and we just are
doing our best to provide the most
emotional and familial support that we
can and that's pretty much it so nothing
really exciting or nothing really happy
or not being really typically JK or
barbell brigade is really happening
today it's just a lot of family stuff
and a lot of sad stuff but a lot of real
stuff for that matter you know and I
think one of the brighter ways to kind
of look at these things is because of
something so tragic
an entire family or two families because
it's both mine angio's I've been able to
come together and immediately support
each other and support those in need and
that's beautiful and so I always feel
like yeah although there are times where
things aren't very bad and very tragic
and traumatic that happened to you in
your lives there's always always always
another way of looking at things in a
positive light and I really feel like
you know that saying where they say um
when one door closes another door opens
I really think that's true and sometimes
people you know like we're in a rut it
doesn't seem that way but it just means
you're not looking hard enough or you're
not even trying to look
Mona what I would like to share with you
guys is random Asian furniture clock
that's our Gio's house even though
they're Mexican so it's like this
Japanese Chinese looking clock with all
this gold ornamentation and there's all
these lucky cats in there and then over
here there's a matching cover same thing
and it has all this crystal and
silverware in there and then there's
this matching coffee table all kinds of
Asian stuff and then there's this
matching hutch desk I believe it's
called with iMac in the middle of it and
I guess even though it's a sad thing but
I can't help but find the irony in this
that this is a hundred percent Mexican
house but there's so much Asian
furniture maybe that's why I was destiny
it was destiny for agio to marry a asian
guy because it's been in her life and
family the whole time and how do you
know that this is a traditional
authentic a hundred percent without a
doubt Mexican home because when you go
to the kitchen you can always count on a
big pot of frijoles being made and you
will never find stuff like this in an
Asian kitchen this only happens in a
Mexican kitchen so you know that this
house is a hundred percent Mexican with
a huge affinity towards Asian culture so
I'm just going to be chilling here for a
little bit waiting for a family to come
back and then we can go on with our
supporting of our our strong family ties
and I'll see you guys
