good morning guys a big ol nice surprise
came in this morning
and it's in what's going on over here
happy tyka happy I get so much love hey
cutie what is going on up there
seems like grandma's moving something up
there in the mirror yeah is that the
mirror yeah no oh I see well anyways the
big package that came in this morning
I'm really excited about so you know I
was on like a clothing shopping spree
well I went on a shoe shopping spree too
and I bought this a while ago it just
all came in and so I don't even remember
what I got anymore cuz I bought a bunch
of pairs at the same time and now that
my bear is feeling better I can't wait
to share some of the shoes with her
because Marva is also into shoes so we
both like shoes although our tastes are
a little bit different I still really
like sharing what I got ready to see
mama
alright look how many shoes I got mama
bear over there okay I know I think that
later too I haven't shown them the
updated closet I just showed them
everything that I gave away okay make it
easy for all okay set it up on that
speaker Oh on this little stand
okay gifts we still got to give people
okay all right cool so here's the shoes
and the camera set up
first of all I bought one two three four
five six seven pairs here that bought to
another site which one's gonna look at
first
okay is the colony Osaka knee it's
probably let me know if it's Aachen
there's a cone examiner so this is the
first pair are you ready show you purse
or show them first
Oh both like this I show yourself I see
it last know what okay nice
Oh like the pink it's like a little
green to go seafoam isn't I don't know
it's great for sure it's great though
with the hit more on the green but it's
great okay this is nice I got a little
pink on the inside pretty dope right
pretty fresh gum this little bottom
that'll look pretty fresh piece now I
have pink ones but the Reeboks these are
fresh though that's your number one shoe
number two what some hints of tan and
beige on there these are very diet like
yeah I wanted to get something that's a
little bit you know low-key I know key
in color but still looks hella dope I
forgot ask be choice chance to be choice
asking for some legit sites work cuz I
know it's really easy to get fake shoes
online now let me tell me some real
sites and then he gave me some sites and
I bought it from there so the second
half it's pretty dope I like
and then even though these ones are not
fancy at all
they aren't rare it's out there it's not
full acha
everywhere but I just wanted some clean
very down-to-earth chill shoes but with
the slight twist out of it I think it
was sleeping on the sea he agrees so
these are Stan Smith's which everybody
knows but with a slight Velcro twist no
man of females no one has a Velcro all
right everyone that I see has laces and
I was like you know what I might hit
y'all with a little twist
I'll go back to the elementary school
days did not cross my velcro's
did you ever do that no you never were
like this fellow shoes everyone at
elementary school did this cross them so
I have to keep it old-school hey I kind
of Twitter I like getting those too I
just I guess I didn't with the outfits
that I have in my mind I'm like I have
too many guys shoes too many athletic
shoes that's I often more for a female
looking because if you can pull off some
aluminum foil anorak we could blow
anything up Oh
remember that aluminum foil hand right
right from her binoculars here's another
pair of soccer knees or psycho knees and
it's actually really easy for me to buy
shoes online
because I'm a perfect 10 I'm literally
in a 10 and every single shoe brand that
I've ever worn
I never fluctuate except with it two
that are guaranteed to fluctuate and
that's fans and chucks with those I get
nine and a half dependents and that's
the first shoe but it's a construction
shoe and that makes sense because all my
military combat boots are also one size
down but I know a lot of people military
boots construction booth whatever it's
constantly wavering and I'm really lucky
to have a very standard foot another
pair of stockings
boom a little bit of leather a little
bit of orange a little bit of black does
it dope Lisa's are sick I'm so bottom
really nice a little bit of leather
these are sick like oh yeah it's like I
think it's waterproof did oh nice
let's see now you can see why I bought
the things I bought so I bought
something else there there she looks
heavy
hold on right back I'm gonna explain why
I'm not that into so y'all y'all know I
love my Pelton flannels right and I was
like BAM I got another one finally with
some elbow pads bada-bing bada-boom
okay can I explain to them why I wasn't
there now I can see why the whole outfit
fits together so I do agree with you you
have a lot of skis and you are very
stylish
oh yeah you um the reason why I was and
I wasn't laughing at you when I was
disappointed that shook my head because
I'm like that disappointed as I'm like
oh you've shamed the family disappointed
I was just like come on dude you know
better than this so he's so excited to
kind of felt bad but I was like he's so
excited he's opening his package because
he just arrives and I'm like oh cool
fashion show and then he pulls the night
and as soon as he pulls it off I was
home like God why did you do that so the
reason why I said why did you do that
didn't laugh at you was because he's
always talking about this right here
this that you see right here he gets
constantly hot if you guys don't know
Pendleton I'm not shooting cold
there's no for their flowers and their
smiles are high quality and when high
quality finals
that means it's gonna keep you I'm not
you're pretty cold it's gonna keep you
really warm and it's super thick
cuz it's quality it's actually probably
real wool it's made to last your
lifetime
yes so the fact that he got it knowing
his body temperature I'm like you're
never gonna wear that in addition
because we don't have any seasons
in California like out late like right
now right me too god I had one of these
things cuz it was old I mean it
looks amazing and it looks so good on
you but I'm like why do you think all he
bought all I've seen seriously from what
he's bought outside of cool shoes he's
only bought flannels and jackets the two
things that he does not need to be
wearing his sleeping blanket
it's see-through like that's the only
blanket I've ever used that does not
insulin does not work so I'm like dude
you're never gonna win this but you
gotta bet this looks pretty fresh though
and I already did in the beginning of
this whole thing it's gonna be easy but
you're hot to the next shoe
thank you for being patient another
another New Balance was the first new
bonds actually Oh another rebalance
ready
thank you sir sartet
blue white grey light blue are they then
lace it for me so that leaves myself as
a little little pattern action and thank
you little secret only you yeah oh yeah
we know BAM new bounds action you're
sick
thank you here let's go move on to
thousands colony saucony I hope all of
you guys get to see him actually wear
these outfits cuz he never wears them
this is just keep a little low-key shoe
that looks like oh yeah so this is just
no low-key shoot but I wanted one that
no sometimes you have that daily driver
yeah so this is a shoe just from the
looks of it I can tell I can get it
dirty and it's not enough
ya still gonna look though some of the
other ones like that seafoam teal light
green grey one now when I know the
minute I start wearing it's gonna get
dirty it's gonna lose its freshness and
its crispness I wanted to get a daily
driver should and I could wear all the
time it still goes with my outfit and I
know it won't lose its appeal so this is
my daily driver show you love but you
hate wearing black I'll change my then
one of the biggest ones was like when
it's time to do one of the things I was
trying to battle is every time we have
night events all my clothes were
light-colored I'm like I can't wear
anything else so I wanted to get some
biker stuff last outfit is already is
the orange one last but not least
oh my Luka my Nuka honey for sure
yeah all white it still works
so what so these are my shoes I have two
more coming in the other two they're
just ones that
airmax one it's all read literally every
single thing was read about it from the
shoelace the holes are everything on the
other one is an air mass 97 - oh gee
remember the one in the song roll it's
silver and white and black and red man I
wanted those when I was a kid but I
couldn't afford them and I wanted to get
on there and did they disappear and when
I came back and I saw it popped off in
America like six months later I was like
I gotta get him I couldn't find them
it's not to pay a premium for those but
they're coming in shoulda bottom in
Venice man had a chance but I pay
premium but I'm happy that they're
coming and they're real because it's
easy to get pictures oh man how do you
like my cups are they your secret half
of my cops I buy it just to impress you
because you feel like I have artistic
taste when I wear things I add with more
confidence because now when I stretch
the streets out my mama bear likes and I
don't kill other people's anymore speak
of the devil right when I was showering
my last two pair of shoes came in and I
have to show you guys so this is the one
I was talking about I was in Venice and
I should have bought it and I paid a
premium for them but now I have them and
I'm happy because every time I see him
on IG on social media on the ads that
are promoted to me on Facebook I'm like
Jemma I show up bar in Venice why did I
listen to myself and now I know if I
really feel compelled to get something
especially that ties to my childhood
we're like I've always one of these but
I was never rich enough to buy them
should've bottom dot these guys and then
he here are the
all red and Max once pretty sick pretty
 sick and then also last bit
of my shipment came in a bunch of just
regular asked T's pocket T's but I
wanted to keep it classy
I got polo it's like thin nice then call
it I could just wear this with some
jeans some dope shoes my watch should
look pretty fly and a couple more button
ups came in
these ones are thinner that way ma break
here make fun of me but fine are you
butt naked so now what's funny is now
that I have all these options I bought a
ton of clothes I once I'm not too sure
what I should wear today and where I
shouldn't go buy more clothes well one
so what we're supposed to do is this is
top secret but by the time this blog
comes out it probably would have
happened so I can share with you guys
but we're buying a Gina a really awesome
gift because last year two years ago one
of the videos with her in it got over 20
million views and you couldn't have done
it without her and also we couldn have
done it without all you perverts that
clicked on that thing was called sex
expert and I think like half of the few
millions of views came from Pakistan or
Bangladesh or something so I know
there's a lot of horny perverts out
there but I yeah we wanted to kind of
give Gina think so we're gonna go buy
her a really really nice gift and
meanwhile I was like you know what I
need stop looking like a railroad worker
and I think I might buy a couple of nice
pieces to go with my regular pieces so
this is what I consider a regular
everything am i whoa oh I'll show you
guys my closet right now where it looks
crazy bad well G Oh cause it bear I
think it's pretty stocked up a decent
amount of pants decent amount of shirts
and you know growing up my parents never
let me allow me to have more than seven
things so this T is a lot
yeah like seven pairs of underwear they
always told me you wear six during the
week the seventh day you better be doing
laundry so that you have the next so I
was never allowed to have more than
seven pairs of socks seven pairs of
underwear seven pairs of anything and I
was only allowed to have two pairs of
pants and two pairs of shorts I mean
it's very practical
I admire them for that but so this to me
is a ton of clothes tonight like
what's the point I know okay but because
I grew up like that like this is
actually a tunnel close to me and I
do want to add to that we're not
spending recklessly we have our
retirement money set up we have a Tyga's
education fund already set up we are
paying both of our parents I know I know
and so that's already set up like we got
our house like all our investments are
in place like we even invest in other
businesses outside of the stuff that you
guys see so our money is really
diversified but then now it's like I
like I don't really care about
materialistic things like I really don't
like if I didn't have any of this and we
just lived in a cardboard box and I'm
sure you would agree we would be like so
 happy yeah but because we can
and we're like making money I'm like
dude I like dope like if I want to
buy this stupid Robo I don't care how
much you cost obviously it has to be
within within my budget like within my
means but if it's $3 or if it's 300 and
I can afford it
I'm gonna be like okay yeah it's also I
think for me more important that makes
me happy like I don't buy because I
think it's gonna make me look cool
obviously this is not gonna make me yes
it well fine at the table but I think I
think we really stay true to ourselves
and we do pay it work you know we do pay
it back and we do invest and like I
don't know I just think like you
shouldn't feel guilty if you have more
than 7 things I know I just grew up a
certain way I I mean it's nice it's
really nice because it really puts
things into perspective I don't like
what the when you die you're not
gonna take any of this you're not gonna
take your money like just living it out
yeah and after investing after you true
and I think for me now the lens that I'm
looking through is more of an artistic
expression like my body's a canvas and
how can i express myself through clothes
and that's what fashion is all about
anyways like if you like a high high
fashion so I'm adding to this but now
the predicament is I don't know what to
wear today but oh I don't have all this
practice like you look at your outfits
 sick you just probably just whip
that up and for me I'm like damn how
long does it take you to do all that
it's not
sick to me Thanks so you're probably
adding accessories already you got mad
skills
I know so I'll pick something and then
I'll see if I if I'll show you guys
because it might come out not as close
markers yes it is I was kidding all
right I'm sweating these cold sweats
because it's so cold and I never get hot
but I finally got my outfit on I think I
look pretty cool and not so much
railroad Brooker so I got my hat my
shirt a candle sure my watch
my pants rolled it up a little bit just
to distinguish that I'm not working
right now and then my boots how do you
think I look my bear good you got the
top what about the cuff pets you're
fighting me on it for a minute I just
didn't know what I was gonna do with it
yet I knew I was gonna cuff him buddy
said no how yet and my bear always looks
fly by the way from head and down to the
toe wow you look real good yeah like
your jacket
matches your shoes and then I don't know
if this intentional but that kind of
matches the tips of the shoes and then
you have the camel pants to offset the
entire color palette and even got the
beads to kind of accentuate the redness
of the red Browns it's okay you look fly
thank you mama
it's my first day of wearing my full
outfit and I'm pretty proud of myself
so I'm changing I'm changing I'm
changing the way I look
one step at a time once again hat shirt
pants SCU's
new bikini this is the world famous
Rodeo Drive the squeakiest horn I've
ever heard wow that's a awesome horn is
cuny thank you so we just bought Gina's
gift and I got some last-minute shopping
done too and I would show you what we
got for Gina but because it is a a
sentimental gesture between me and my
bear and Gina and it's a private and
personal to our friendship if Gina wants
to reveal it in her vlog that's okay but
I think sometimes like when we vlog
every single thing like every personal
intimate moment it kind of like what's
don't worry it makes it less of like you
don't know what they have true intent is
is it for the views or is it like a kind
like a kind gesture and I don't ever
want that to come across as like we're
doing it for the freaking youtubes yeah
cuz Gina is our actual friend and we
live real lives and I don't want to ever
be like you know there's a lot of times
where I'm sure a lot of youtubers are
giving money to homeless people and I'm
sure it's coming from the the niceness
and the goodness of their heart but then
when you add a camera element to it and
then you in a new title at giving
homeless people money then it's like
well what's the real intention you know
kind of muddies everything up and
because this is just like a very honest
true gesture from Myanmar Berta Gina
we're just gonna give her the gift if
she wants to reveal it to the world you
guys will see it through her but this is
just part of our day so we came out here
and every time I come out here I
actually I don't know what makes it
world-famous is it because it's been are
millions and millions of movies I think
it's just because it's all the luxury
high-end brands all together side by
side by side so it's just how like the
rich and famous
you know where they shop and live and
stuff so it's it's it's a part of living
that not the average person can
experience
yeah yeah I think that's something said
world famous just this row of like
high-end luxury stores yeah
and it's crazy because like this this
row it's either you're a tourist which I
feel like I'm a tourist I don't live
this life daily or you'll see you'll
notice like ball or ballers we're like
they're blowing their snot into like a
Burberry napkin or some
like that and you see like some money
money folks like earlier we just saw
Chinese people once again
family of Chinese people have dropped
off in a rolls-royce phantom and they
had a driver they were so bother than
when you were driving I'm like damn yeah
now that's balling know what driver was
eight dude that's crazy
that's how you know you made it yep
occasion I'm actually being hungry
hungry at all
thank you oh yeah a gift you know how to
get fresh we're gonna get food from
she's actually eating now so so I don't
get food or you want to just drive home
you already know my answer vivid okay
fine what this girl I gotta be with my
taiko Malaika he is cute though I spent
nine months creating him you know like
it's it's hard for me to like separate
myself yeah it's it was real tough hard
stuff that most nine months we killed it
together didn't we well you did have to
deal with my emotional outbursts well
I'll give it to you this time
we can pick food hub my mom told Afghan
food or no no that's not as good huh no
because we are we are we are out here up
in here yeah right in the nick of time
right when we just got home our post
meats came and we ordered kebabs I was
in the mood for Afghan food
but since the traffic and Elliot was
looking horrendous especially around
Beverly Hills I was like the second best
will just be ordering like some sort of
middle-eastern food so it got some food
in and I can't wait to eat so hungry
garage door closed good kids I always
miss my boy when I'm out of town this
little cute guy I'll be out of the house
he smells so good even though everyone
would probably think he's a little
stinker I love this smell beautiful
mummy freaking crazy
dog is running all over the place hey
you guys still my coke fine let's eat
put the boy in the sweet smells good huh
there we go just order some boba - I've
been on some crazy bulb up in Jai don't
know what it is but I've been getting
this like every other day and I keep
doing the same exact flavor - peach and
I am beginning us so much it became
contagious so ma bear also got one can I
show you something funny yeah alright so
we've been trying to link up with Gina
all day today and she's so funny let me
show you this text oh I have put on my
lips I'll just read it to you okay so
we've been to going
hey Gina what's hurry to be home she's
like I don't know between 5:00 or
whatever she's like I'm gonna have to
leave her on seven so then we're like oh
 okay so we got home I'm like
do you wanna just come by so you could
pick up your gift and then she's just
like no I can I have the meeting and uh
Ellie's have to get ready for it so I'm
like okay no problem I'm just going by
tomorrow and then we're so excited to
give it to her I just texted I'm like
hey I think we're really excited give
you oh and then she goes what the
is going on if this is another baby
announcement we're fighting because I'm
home Ella I asked you so we're gonna go
over and get rid of gift yeah awesome
what are you doing over there I just see
a bulbous straw sticking out hey I don't
want my Bobo to go soggy why just bring
it I'm bringing it oh you're crazy
yeah there you go
yep all right so we already left Jimmy's
house and um it was really dope cuz she
got super excited and she's told that
she loved this and she kissed me on the
forehead and the really cool thing is if
you guys are interested she's actually
posting it on social media
where I don't know where but I'm pretty
sure is gonna hear something but she is
so grateful she's like I'm gonna sleep
with it yeah thanks guys if you guys
want to see what we gave her you can ask
her or you can go check out I think it's
her Instagram yeah she got so excited
she had one of her roommates bringing
out a phone because she didn't know I
feel is like we're gonna reveal another
baby or anything like that so she just
didn't know what was happening so she
had a roommate bring out another camera
and record her reaction on it which is
really cool so I gotta put on my seat
belt to responsible yeah so is it gonna
be a pregnancy test
it's another be announced
and you guys know what I'm talking about
that's how we announced that we were
pregnant we it was around this time
actually yeah we went around all of our
friends houses and we're like hey can we
drop off for your Christmas present and
then that's inside the Christmas
presents where we told them that we were
gonna have a baby so this time she's
like are you gonna day you're gonna tell
me that again am I gonna open this pots
and there's like a pray use pregnancy
test so it was a really nice surprise
