I can't believe it today is the first
gloomy day in LA that I've seen in the
last six to eight months I woke up this
morning and there were mad water
droplets running down the side of our
building and you know how like in our
living room the windows our Florida
ceiling it looked really really
beautiful
like I thought I saw all the scenery of
the Downtown LA's box I've seen sunrises
sunsets fog but I haven't seen water
droplets coming down yet and it looked
really really amazing like that's one of
the my favorite things of living in our
high-rise is that the scenery is
constantly changing but more importantly
I'm not really a rain person because I
you know like I'm just a very
happy-go-lucky super optimistic kind of
guy
so I just love bright sunny days I love
being at the beach but having rain every
once in a while I feel like it washes
down all the smog and dirt and it kind
of cleans the world I feel like rain is
the world's natural shower and the world
needs a bath you know like whether it's
from pollution or just haters or just
negativity I feel like the world needs a
bath and needs the water to just come
down and rinse everyone's Souls and I
think you know what we should do instead
of even using umbrellas when it rains
except for the plays are a hell of a
cold of course but instead of using
umbrellas I think when it's raining
naturally animals are just running
around right and I feel like that's when
their souls get cleansed and they get a
new refreshed outlook on life
and that's what I think humans should do
I think when it's raining all of us
should get butt-naked or maybe not but
Nikki because we'll get indecency or
nudity and public charges but just down
to like our underwear all of us run into
the middle of the street as if it's one
of those one of those things called
where everyone they wait until I guess a
specific time and then it's like do you
p.m. everyone starts dancing is it
called a dance dance BOM dance choreo
dance guys what I'm talking about but I
think we should have that where one day
or maybe a couple days out of the year
when we know it's gonna rain in multiple
parts of the world we just set this time
we all come out and then we just listen
to Michael Jackson or that one black guy
piece on where it goes like where is the
love and everyone just feels hella happy
and rent our souls and go back and maybe
just maybe the negativity in the world
might decrease cuz there's a purpose I
really feel like there's a purpose for
everything in nature that's why I like
I'm kind of against oh not against but I
don't take that many medications I feel
like like when you're when you have a
fever your body is trying to burn off
all the bad stuff right like it's
elevating the temperature to kill any
bacterial or viral infection or whatever
so if you have a fever just have that
motherfucking favor what's the point of
suppressing it if that's what your body
wants to do or if you're tired go to
sleep while you're drinking coffee at 8
p.m. at night just because you're
tightening our work to do
go to sleep wake up early and finish
that work so I feel like Nature has its
way of doing things and it's important
to respect nature and so before growing
up I didn't really like rain that much
but now that I'm older I love rain and
it just makes me feel really refreshed
and it makes me want to snuggle up and
eat like a big-ass bullet here's the
noodles
be at the office because we have a
meeting with one of our partners and
we're hoping he can pop on live and
because of that I didn't have a chance
to go home and shower like I usually do
but good thing last night I prepped
everything because every morning that I
wake up I'm always in a rush like I try
to set my alarm at late as possible so
as soon as I wake up I can maximize well
before I wake up I can maximize on sleep
wake up and just rush like get the hell
out the door I'm not one of those guys
that sets like eight snoozes because for
me I'm like why would I waste two hours
snoozing if I could just be in deep rest
so I set my alarm at the last minute but
good thing that uh I prepped everything
last night so that today it allows me to
rush without being super stressed out so
I have my two proteins from the gym
multi vitamin that I packed I got the
sweater because it is cold today and I
got my food that I'm gonna microwave and
I have my clothes I got a shirt
nonetheless and I got my socks and
they've got the shorts
I found these shorts in my dresser and I
couldn't believe I have even one of them
if there's a tag still on there so I get
to wear these get to wear some brand new
shorts and I am well prepped my GoPro as
well I can start transmitting footage
for the vlogs and stuff and I love being
prepped you know like a lot of times I
feel like when I'm in old I'm gonna be
stressed out because of a situation I'm
gonna be in I try to prevent that and
all right either a list if I don't do it
now so when I wait
I don't think that's really hard to
think on the spot you know those times
what I like you're complaining about
your girlfriend you're like baby you
know you always do that you always do
this and it pissed me off
and then your girlfriend's like what
most an example and if you can't think
of it so on the spot it's really hard to
think when you're stressed out so I
always need to make a note beforehand to
map out what I'm gonna do so when I am
stressed out I have a protocol to follow
or my just prep and I feel really really
good now I can't do my eating shower and
feel really relaxed and BAM go straight
to my emails I got mad emails take I'm
gonna do that for about an hour or two
and then I gotta meet with Casey on the
feature film and smash that so but I'm
like this and chilling Zen along with
the rain it's just I just feel like I'm
a great day today
came back from Taiwan
it is my home on the motherland I was
born there yeah yeah I was born there
and then I came here when I was like
eight months old my grandpa set it up
for me so like in in Taiwan let's really
dope is if you're a citizen since they
had like socialized medicine or whatever
yeah then whoever I get married to they
also have it so my grandpa he said like
one of his biggest goals before he
passes away is to hook me up
so if shit ever happens here and about
to move back to Taiwan I can go over
there and my wife which is geo also gets
it to Taiwan socialized medicine maybe
not for life specific you America this
shit when it comes like specialized
medicine yeah but if I want it's so
fucking cheap I heard that if you have
let's say if I want to
yeah 35 yeah it's cheap and it's fast
it's like 30 bucks I'm talking about
without a shirt nothing it's cheap and
it's hella fast so my my grandpa
he had a problem with his knee and so I
needed to get a nose cone cortisone
shots yeah and then so I assumed like as
soon as you walk into the hospital it's
like a number system like the DMV like a
twenty four or five or whatever right so
I go there I'm going off bumper pint of
beer for like two hours
we go in it's so efficient within three
minutes they call this number you went
into the doctor's office and then they
gave him a shot and then BOOM we're out
in 15 minutes and the hospital's fucking
huge it's really vicious yeah you can't
tell if it's a hospital or a university
or something else there's a lot of big
what schools a big lot of Americans a
lot of Korean people which by the way
pretty people you're not any much better
than Chinese tourists really they're not
blowing there nothing fucking not all
over the place are they fucking rude and
just pushing shit oh they're just like
that
like I just pretty much she I went to go
to another like that's like this
alleyway where there's a whole bunch of
street food yeah okay try to take a
picture of Meredith asaji she stands in
the light like this
my shoulders how does she what does that
mean get the fuck out way sir you need
to move purposing you I was there it is
a bow down Tom said about March guy I
know that it's not Korean
I saw your Instagram pictures he had
stinky tofu how is that compared to Mary
gonna fry it or get the software both
Dan how come you wanted to get both one
wasn't enough because andrew zimmern
systems gotta at least try something
wants to know if you hate it
yeah like sewage and rotten and it's
just so just terrible so if you guys
don't know what Stewie talk with the
colored tofu yeah so who is basically
fermented tofu and there's like all
these different back stories about how
it develops yeah there's one story where
the guy just left it in a clay pot
accidentally and he wanted to make
something unique and he ate it after it
Roger was all and as though that's one
story and in the whole country love that
yeah it's the equated to cheese or some
kind of probiotic food like you cheap
yeah no it's not because it keeps you to
the smell like you took a finger up
somebody's ass it's so bad but we had
which one that you like better the south
or north at 5:01 stop I know you ever
tried to stop money or that it looks
scary the soft one smells more intense
it takes more intense political but they
cover it is this other stuff is sweet
soy
yeah also is creepy
it's was thinking today's ride you want
so just ask me close your mouth constant
but it's juicy ask them a scroll it's
like crispy and juicy hello I don't want
I just wanted it go away so you said
that you would seven or eight times and
then swallow it you would think the the
cabbage and the chili sauce would
destroy the flavor doesn't somehow
appetizing
I just sat there twice but people would
climb on love it like kind of like
stinky talk what I want is it something
where you mean and it's just oh because
it's like it's not my dog in Korea yeah
you know it's like the nation's national
treasure no you will see all the way
these hawker stats right yeah regular
food nobody's there it's just the guy
picking his nose playing on time pad
this guy said thank you tofu later you
might lie out the door there's like a
couple yeah it's not what I wanted is
because this guy's you know what's crazy
is so high I've known sneaky tofu my
whole life and growing up to Taiwan
we're not going up in town but I would
go there every summer and I would smell
it as a camera this shit and I hated it
my mom were trying to get me to eat and
I couldn't eat it and then I think
randomly when I was 15 I went to go eat
at our nice place with my mom - oh
that's total bust you know you hated the
whole time
and I tried it I fell in love with it
ever since I just ran on my tastebuds
changed maybe just kind of wait a few
years then your taste buds were changing
a little bit again why would I ever
smelt that that's what it's memorable we
did that skin when we did that forest
area yeah oh oh yeah yeah that's it
oh it's fermented in rotten meat dairy
and vegetables yeah that's how its
creative and it comes out of this black
green what was your favorite thing at
time one it's like anyone's place in
Bauhaus in New York but he made that
thing famous in America that make sure
he find that so you have your choice of
fatty or or lean about a mix of both and
then they have this fermented type of
vegetable that goes inside there too
yeah it gives it like a little crunch to
it it's not much a student it's dude
yeah hella but I grew up on it
it's so fucking delicious it's probably
going to be one of my life topic it's
hard to find one here that matches over
there though yeah I don't know what it
is like I've seen Scalia Peck everybody
does Scalia panky different just like
Ito's done different yeah yeah sound
this is place that I went to that was
very unique and how they did it was very
soft and fluffy
yeah yeah some of the places that I like
to go to the way they fry it it's like
it stays really fluffy kind of like a
puff pastry and the it's like really
really thin and a lot of layers so when
you bite into it it's crunchy but at the
same time it's warm it's crispy - yeah
yeah yeah there's a lot to choose from -
everywhere you go doesn't matter what
city that you're in there's going to be
Street food from morning till night
yeah that's the amazing part if you're
hungry you have like I don't know like
yeah that's true that's about that you
had a lot of fun David that's alright
see you later I'll let you watch your TV
and I'm gonna play video games alright
are you going oh yeah riding go home to
go work I'm so excited because as soon
as I got home I changed over into this
luxurious Hugh Hefner oh because I am
gonna relax in the hot tub and I had a
bunch of meetings to say like you guys
saw and one was with Casey which is our
regular feature film meaning but the
other one that I'm really excited about
is we met with Jeremy which is uh our
partner and pop bar and it was me Joe
David Michael and Jeremy in that meeting
cuz we're all gonna co-owned a few pop
bars together and so we discussed a lot
of my brain kind of hurts and I love
this apartment that we're living in
because I really think it's made to
relax I think like when they designed
this building they really kept the the
city hustle and bustle type of lifestyle
in my life for those people that are
doing kind of like the Wall Street type
of lifestyle but in downtown LA I think
they're catering to that because having
a hot tub like a big-ass hot tub and a
relaxing room like the one I just walk
through like having pretty much your own
type of spa in your apartment just
wonders for relaxation like I can grind
grind grind 9:00 a.m.
10 p.m. and then I think if I lived in a
regular pad when I get home most people
just pass out on the couch they don't
have anything else that can help further
and help relax them but over here I have
the luxury of having like a nice little
room over there and then the hot tub but
we only did plan to stay here for a year
so after a year we're not gonna have all
these awesome amenities anymore so I
really got to cherish everything that
they have here so I'm trying to use it
as much as possible I've been using a
hot tub three times a week to relax and
like help my body recover and all that
stuff but I also hope that by the time
we move out of here our schedule isn't
so crazy where I'm gonna have to need a
hot tub three times a week so now I'm
here and this guy
Nadeem is already in here buddy why are
you on your phone in the water dude
that's like the most unsafe thing ever
what does that even mean throw it in the
water right now shut the fuck up are you
serious you just bought it
why'd you do that why'd you do that
oh love point it is one from sorry they
say it's waterproof
is it really water business how was your
day today was it uh hella hardcore did
you have a lot of stuff to do or not
they'd be able to come train ya tomorrow
and I wanted to share with you guys
because I usually I don't need to tell
you guys up on it but I do with the
front squats on yeah skips today I was
pretty tight for the city amenity yeah
yeah I just woke up to some editing
candidate jib to help you guys at the
live stream yeah how do you like having
a hot tub in the place that you're
staying at it's amazing
I'm trying to like not think about I
broke only here for a year because if I
think like that I won't really enjoy it
you know ya just gotta live in the
moment
yeah cuz a year goes by fast yeah I
don't even notice but we were at least
about for like two years
oh yeah that's true that's why was like
I suppose nice it's a huge upgrade hey
yeah look at this place
this is a fuckin chandelier honestly
like the view like this if no one knew
is downtown you would think this place
is Vegas you would feel like you had a
private suite at the Caesars Palace and
Vegas yeah and that's what I like about
like especially like
like right downstairs you don't have to
drive it yeah it's lively I want to keep
me come over now they go park here we
all go walk down to go get food yeah we
went to this shabu shabu spot which is
Bom
oh yeah the one we went to the other day
yeah that place is dope doing stuff like
that with your friends yeah after having
the hots up here though
I think it really spoiled me and it
confirmed what I always wanted which is
I always wanted a swimming pool and a
hot tub and wherever I'm staying at so
now that I have one the next place that
means if we move to a regular house I'm
gonna have to find one with the hot tub
and that's also gonna mean that the
rental price is gonna be much higher
than usual but it probably won't be as
expensive this way this place is like
it's pretty expensive but that just
means I got to work harder is that
ironic you work harder to have nicer
things but then you have less time to
enjoy them the irony of life
