Wario woke up bright and early this
morning to come to the Porsche
dealership take care of some errands and
that's because I'm getting a new car
no I'm just kidding I'm packing a new
car I'm just here for regular
maintenance so I was just driving the
other day and then this line popped up
and I said it's time to get my car
maintained either do like some sort of
tire inspection or some knowledge
talking to me there's that little
digital cluster thing one thing I
realized about Porsche is that's really
really cool I'm sure a lot of other cars
out there that do this now but I don't
even have to get an oil change until
every 10,000 miles so I'm just here at
the dealership but uh walking around the
dealership it really inspired me because
after I got the portion I started
driving around and I had my fun for
almost two years now okay cool I think I
got the exotic car bug out of my system
you know I'm a really easygoing
laid-back guy i'ma just stick with my
truck and that extra money I'm spending
on the Porsche even though I'm
responsible and I have a car fund and I
have a house saving mind I have all
kinds of bank accounts where I partition
all my money I was like you know what I
got the exotic car bug out of my system
I don't need to have another exotic car
until maybe later on after I buy a house
or do some other stuff but coming here
man looking at how beautiful these cars
aren't it can really really change your
mind
like I'm just looking at the new GT for
the new ax that came in the gt3 RS the
Carrera and I know if you guys aren't
into cars it just sounds like a bunch of
mumbo-jumbo like XK p2w alfa 2022 -
hashtag but on these cars what I really
really love about Porsches and not just
me but a lot of exotic car lovers people
like Porsches because it's the only
exotic car that you can daily drive
that's the beauty of it so there's so
many Lambo and Ferrari owners they still
have a Porsche so that they can just
drive daily because they don't want to
put those kind of miles on their Ferrari
or they don't want to put those type of
miles on your Lambo and it's not made to
be driven like that Lambos of Ferraris
are made for the racetrack but Porsches
are made for what they call Grand
Touring like a 911 Turbo or 911 Carrera
you can drive from coast to coast
California New York no problem and it's
made to do that it's made to drive
really fast a really smooth ride be very
reliable and I think it's the probably
most affordable exotic car with the
engine still in the back so if you think
about it there's only a very few cars
where the engine is in the back you got
Lambos Ferraris I don't even know if
Aston Martin joy that way Aston Martin's
I think the engines in the front so
that's some high-level engineering there
and to be able to buy a car that's
around 100 or under to get in the back
you get a lot of bang for the buck so
right now I'm just waiting for my car
get serviced and then I head over to the
gym oh yeah by the way I got this random
white being in my nose cuz umm I don't
know why I thought I cared it I woke up
this morning
and I blew my nose really hard and all
some blood started coming out and
usually the bloody nostril is my right
one so I don't even know where this one
came from but I blew my nose this
morning it came out of my fog now I'm
gonna look like a fucking idiot when I
go to a Porsche dealership and you know
when you go to these like nice places
like a Rolex store whatever people is
always like I wonder if the sky even the
service to be here and I get that sense
of like snobby this all the time even
though this Porsche dealership in
downtown seem to tell the laid-back and
super chill I don't know why maybe it's
just the way I grew up or the movies or
something everywhere every time I go
like a Michelin star restaurant a
jewelry store or some fallen ass place I
always feel like I'm getting judged so I
want to like not that I'm like stressed
super nice neighbors run a barbell
Chicago train later but I want to put my
best foot forward and when I walked into
the Porsche dealership all the fuck
we're gonna look at me like what the
fuck is this peasant even here but fuck
it I got a got a nose but hopefully it
stop to wonder if it did stop or not
please pray for me cross your fingers
and hopefully when I pull this out I
don't start dripping all over the place
although from experience when they do
put like a little mini no stamp on it
when the first thing that you pull out
there is like a clot of blood just
because it's been sitting there but that
doesn't mean that it's gonna keep
dripping so I hope it doesn't keep
dripping there might be a clot of blood
I might have to find someplace that's a
little bit more secret so I don't look
like a fucking neanderthal bleeding all
over the place art I'm here now let's
see what it looks like
awesome it stopped yes
now it's time to find a trashcan old
this car right here
is honestly my dream dream car so I hat
is called a 911 turbo I'm Robin I love
durable 911 Carrera and it's a base
model 911 for so Porsches they have
Caymans and that's one model and then
you move up and you have a 911 Carrera
and have the base model one and for me
is really important to get that one not
because of the base model but I really
wanted to get stick shift also what's
the point of getting inside a car if you
can't drive it manually the way it was
meant to be and yeah there's a lot of
people that do paddle shifting now but
it's just not the same you know you
don't get that same connected with the
car feeling and but my dream car has
always always been even if I love my new
by Lambo Ferrari it's this bad boy right
here this my friend is a 911 turbo and
this is one of the most highly sought
after Porsches out there so for one it
keeps up with the Lambo and Ferrari so
it has the same speed and performance
the other thing well I don't like the
convertible but the other thing about it
is that it can be driven daily that's
the amazing part of it all this one is
the 911 Turbo S so you can be driven
daily and you don't have to worry about
how painful a 300-dollar oil change or
anything like that and you can always
tell from a normal 911 from a 911 Turbo
by this event because a regular 911s
like mine will look like that there's no
vent but I think it's because the turtle
is a little bit wider and it has wider
wheels in the back but this guy is a
beauty see I don't know why but people
be having automatics these days
what is going on with the car industry I
don't know but this is my dream car and
if I could hustle hard save more money
put more money into my car partition
fund maybe I'll reward myself you know
and I'll share the experience with you
guys but now it's time to go off to the
gym and a damn how was the workout oh
hello uh fair enough yeah alright you
weren't even there you liar
maybe I was a gym right now yeah you
just came and you're just sitting down
in that chair would you be I'm working
for dead no well the last night was the
last time I work front desk Dimas ah two
years ago you don't work for other
productions he was playing a DVD coming
to work I'm like my hair's all pasty
right now I don't look professional and
I need his hair
even how I was asking about you Mac him
all the way from New York to work out
with your nose i dude where's Matt over
there he's over the hangar with girl you
know it's funny this is what he told me
Matt told me he sent you a text or a DM
or something and he was like yo Nadine
i'ma come down what am I gonna see her
like Oh probably everyday I'm there
every morning sorry
no he told me to see you what you didn't
even say one time he says over here I
saw what you didn't see me no look see
you always over to talking with Lou with
the people that actually work out Tom
salute everyone talks
on comedians come train what are you
doing this morning
guess what happened it's been such a
loser you specialer guy with us it
doesn't work out the loser doesn't shake
oh well how come how come everyone's
either working or training or something
for you just sitting all the damn ever
does is post about goodies guys not to
be have them this meeting for an hour
while having a training bra people are
leaving with their every since you sat
down people started leaving already
ah ever since your psycho started
ripping afraid of what it'll be another
person's leaving cuz of you two people
ever cinches two people have been
leaving
yeah right
hey are you gonna train the Dean for us
hey are we gonna have a second challenge
because I'd be on my beach' now so the
first challenge is a front squat 4:05
I've been training on
I've been training push press and it's
feeling pretty good
go do push today I hit 295 five sets of
three on the push press no way I skate I
did I did I do
yours but your legs are way stronger
than my push presses half legs it is all
excuses on French club four five dude
what the hell
how about 315 first I bother takes
notice well I can't do that knowledge
difference conversation tell them right
now why the first one is front squat
four or five and the second challenge is
a push press 315 Oh what happened
bush press the way it is so you have to
lock out your knees before you lock out
your arms that's a push press so I could
do this
yep I'm not too sure absolutely not
let's here
what is that what the hell you even work
out what do you have one of those Jasper
that's for people that only train I
gotta finish putting my video
I'm messing around all day yeah Jabbar
how was the workout Charl all right so
the workout was amazing but you know
like it was very tough because this is
my first week back being consecutive
with my workouts it's my fourth day this
week because I jumped on or I jump on
the bandwagon with bars program and
really excited because for me it was
hard for me like to Train because I was
training by myself yeah it is hard to
train by yourself yeah it's really
really hard to train by myself and I
wasn't really motivated when I got tired
I was like ah tomorrow I'll work out
harder it's all good but in reality the
next day I workout even less just like
you know what I need to work out harder
so I was like yo Bart you know like I
need some help
you know anything I could like work out
with you and he was like oh yeah whoo I
got you so I was like hell yeah and I
started doing the program and today is
the body put the program so today is the
easiest but it was the hardest because I
was so sore your conditioning sucks to
condition really really sucks and it was
the fourth day this week so it's the
last day and I'm just like oh my god my
whole body's sore and we're still gonna
work out and today I was just like you
know what I still got to do it I pushed
through and if it wasn't for the homies
that I worked out today to push me
through I what a well home workout yeah
I would have got home you know what I
got home yeah yeah I've got work out
harder the next day well so there's been
a lot of challenges going around a
barbell Brigade me and Adam have two
challenges what's your challenge Charl
that no one even challenged you and you
decided to challenge every single person
in the gym
what is it so I challenge I guess I
challenge myself I told everyone if I
don't get a six-pack by my 26th birthday
which is May 16th 2017 I have to pay
everyone on staff $100 and we have like
16 people on staff so it's like $1,600
that I'll be in debt if I don't get a
six-pack so that's what's motivating me
to get that let's see what yours looks
like right now so you got how many
months like five six months I got six
solid months so to get let me see what
that looks like one more time so you got
six
you got six solid month to get rid of
this yeah yeah everyone's gonna make a
hundred bucks
Wow you guys don't believe in a dream do
you think yo you think is gonna do it by
name
I don't need my challenge honestly you
know what that means that means by
February yes sir
there has to be flat flat um I think if
you're six to Saros got it yeah yes not
your own no you won't I thought that if
you can stick to trolls ah and do
justice our guidance but also I want to
see if yous down tears but look that's
$1,600 not just 100 bucks 16 in total
1600 a lot of money I mean y'all to pay
everyone used to pay me it's not part of
the deal bro why would I make some money
off some crazy shit what about you have
anything Joe's gonna do let me see again
come on one more time one more time one
more time one more time did ya all right
man how much you weigh I wait 194 you're
gonna be like what we're gonna be like
this I know I have to be like 175
noticing one step so 20 pounds by man's
2000 okay yeah I think cuz I've done it
was Sarah before it's like to be honest
it's not that bad losing 20 30 pounds
but he's looked like this for the past
five years of his life this is the norm
it's a big life change so if you can
stick to the program look at this and if
you could stick to Sorrows mackerels I
think you can get there but it's gonna
be a close call if you mess up like for
two weeks then you're done you have to
be completely on schedule and then you
can get there but it's not you're gonna
end up being like Nadeem at skipping
workouts and then loses four or five
Funspot and 3:15 push press and he's
pertaining to go in the locker I don't
even know why Wow you like you're really
gonna train today
whoa Wow I think generating ideal why
are you training again
I got to work out today yeah all right
hang on that lovely I thought you're
working the front end just have a band
in the front desk oh oh no one's even
there you're gonna be all my face dude
that is so disrespectful get out of here
yeah it's an animal what the support
system that I have I think I can do it
you know like I seriously barf all of
bars program I'm here four days a week
with him
which I am I made that promise or I step
Wednesday's I can work out with you but
you see it that well you got to follow
it hard yes I really have to follow it
hard and have to stick really really
strict to my diet which I have and I
think like it's going to be a really
really good journey for me so I'll see
you guys good like see my journey you
know awesome I'm excited but we'll see I
don't want to pay $600 that I'd be like
broke and then I saw myself as a sex
slave or something to like Grandma
listen and I'm gonna come on you to pay
Rome back or something
just finished filming another episode of
hanging with JK and Casey's packing
stuff over 12 episodes but here's an
industry secret we warn 12 shirts so it
looks like 12 different days but we're
trying to be efficient so oh here's all
the clothes somebody we balled this
dolly from downstairs it looks like a
hotel type dolly to put the clothes on
and Casey is packing away all the stuff
our stuffs getting more and more
legitimate do you like those tripods no
what's wrong with those I heard Michael
talking shit about on the other day yeah
well they're expensive tripods but
there's certain qualities of them that
aren't fair one the fluid head isn't
very fluid and that's the part that's
supposed to go one it wasn't like making
everything looks really smooth for you
yeah because you know humans aren't that
smooth so true if it requires certain
gadgets to help it smooth it out it's
not that smooth yeah and also we had
three of these and all three of them
monetary and we actually got the older
JP truck all we had from way back in it
for all the other skips women as max
Fleury I would try one I'm only half the
price that one's like a bargain one and
it's fucking great a little cool yes I
don't know i reaiiy don't know why these
are
I know I think we bought I'm thinking
that they're gonna be good but Oh
sometimes this is really good brand to
their brands Manfrotto and Sackler
that's the Brenda Michael I tried going
back oh so we got these two cases full
of legit camera equipment the doggies
are just hanging out because they were
in the room the whole time were filming
and went to take their leashes off
because I was making little jingle bell
noises and Gina is straddling meat loaf
why are you straddling him yeah is a
very cuddly creature yeah she loves hugs
and petting and affection and he like
not to just stop yeah Oh what happened
oh babe did you get my package I have a
package i order something really cool it
didn't come huh what did you get there
oh yeah let's go we're hungry after day
one we'll be there in five minutes
okay everyone let's go can you open
later oh we gotta put the dogs in here
can you put the dogs in the room babe
yeah okay look at it later can you put
the dogs in the room we gotta go
all of us are really hungry how do you
like the view it's pretty cool
I'm always like oh every time I come
over all taught me you guys can sleep
over I know that it's weird isn't it
take up that offer and invade your
privacy don't ever ask me then cuz I'm
gonna take everyone on their offers
everyone knows always like hey stop by
anytime I'm always like alright see you
tomorrow
oh the invite is open to you but I just
feel worried cuz it's fish because you
guys it's such a small space here so
this is pretty big for downtown at least
and yeah well what I mean by small
spaces I mean we can have an extra room
oh yeah yeah every week I'm moving in
tonight
I know I'm always joking around and
telling Gio like cut that mattress you
know that air bed I'm gonna be here
forever Audrina our closets can be
bedrooms right dude my bathtub was a
memory right there that was it you know
the kid I bet someone oh let's go eight
everyone so damn hungry we were filming
from two pio out of the way until 7:00
p.m. so really really angry go get
something to finally so we helped the
place and it's gonna be taboo Sabu and
this is the place that we walked by the
other day but I was really interested in
it because on the outside it looked like
one of those all white people Japanese
food places you know I mean it has a lot
different you like it has the extra like
bamboo designs as the funny font that no
one uses it looks like that on the
outside no fences no that looks like
that
yeah we don't be talking about people
trying to you just say to have that look
right not easy people try to do okay but
the other ground and hold on but we're
on the street right now and there
like old white couple what he pass never
like what the but they know what we're
talking about they know what we're
talking about yeah they're like oh I
know exactly talking about you're
talking about those white ass Asian
places but anyways the other day when I
was walking by about exact place I saw
three legit Japanese dudes outside so I
was like oh it must be legit and you
could yeah you know your other JIT
Japanese when they pluck their eyebrows
hello hello saya she one of them had a
paper boy have fuckin another one out
really dope clothes with like some
leather bracelet so anytime you see like
three dudes and nice eyebrows nice
facial hair nicely trimmed hella stylish
oh you're like okay if there's real
Japanese dudes in front of this place
it's got to be legit so that's what
we're going right now and we're walking
with the whole JK fam on the streets of
LA and while a tip in case you're having
a romantic experience
I'm cock-blocker oh I don't know
clenching each other's hands or trying
to bring the other one well you guys you
guys were looking into each other's eyes
with these dreamboat glimmer in the eye
that's why when I even look like I have
no idea I know you guys look like you
love each other that's why you're okay
for watching up okay thanks for looking
out for you watch out watch out this is
a pretty cool experience the hall like
walking in downtown getting food I feel
every single time I come visit you guys
always feel like I'm traveling because I
know you like to explore so I know you
would like stuff like this
you're driving past here yeah Lorelai
yeah the only thing that kind of sucks
is that we live such busy lives me and
Jo only get to dislike once a week but
it still once a week more than we had
before so it's cool okay time to cross
the street
time to eat
