hey what's up beautiful people so my day
has finally started started cuz I mean
it did start before I got my nails done
I did this hologram type of thing you
can't really see it right now in this
lighting but it's super glittery and
super cute and I was like fuckin I'm
just gonna do it so I finally did that
cuz oh and I got a pedicure cuz my toes
have been like looking like I walk
barefooted everywhere I go so it was
pretty bad
it was about time and finally I got my
little rat friend who I still don't have
a name for I got him his little house
his little cage this the cutest shit
ever cuz I was at Petco and they have um
like these like miniature tents for them
and they have little hammocks and they
have outfits I'm like what the fuck
so that was really really really cool
and super insightful um I also learned
that rats like to eat a lot of protein
they eat chicken bones they eat chicken
you guys know that about rats
yeah and a chicken bone the actual bone
did not weird
I think they not yeah they eat fruits
vegetables and protein so basically
everything we eat they can eat yeah they
like pasta cooked or uncooked
I know rata fucking to me
yeah well I have to UM I have to give
him food what else did I do and then
from there TIFF myself and Christina
were like all right we gotta get this
fucking set done because we did work we
did we did look over here the desks used
to be all black but TIFF and I spent
three hours putting on this like
wallpaper here you guys could see right
there and then Christina is getting her
arts and crafts on and she's cement
gluing all these little figurines cuz
TIFF um kind of MacGyver did and she put
some tape but it didn't hold because we
would run into so it goes there right
there yeah I found a white it okay it
goes right there and then parts it's
right over here yeah so Bart's it's
right over there
and then when he rolls back he hits yeah
that yellow one's gonna fall he hits
that and then all the little figurines
fall over so we're like fuck that we're
gonna bar proof it and and then this
event no I feel like saying more
sentences so you could act it out so one
day it was dark outside one day it was
bright outside in the morning and then
there were a bunch of birds and they
were flying all over me and I was just
like oh shit oh my god wants to start
pooping on my head kidding that's funny
see ya we're here now we're gonna
probably spend like maybe two or three
hours cuz that's just what we do because
we're we initially put the decorations
they're not in frame when you guys watch
the video which means we fucked up and
we have to shift everything over so all
the little nails or screws that we
drilled into the wall that took like
seven hours to do I don't know how long
it took it didn't take that long but but
it did take three hours and we only put
up like less than ten guns that's
ridiculous but everything that we did
that day we have to shift it over so we
have to remove this
Roo's and then relocate them somewhere
where the camera is gonna actually catch
it so gonna be fun all right Chris you
know right now we're having a
conversation about you
vlogging because you recently opened up
your channel what's your channel called
and and now you're kind of given the
task to vlog yourself right pretty much
he just handed me the GoPro and told me
to start recording and stuff but still
in my backpack why is it in your
backpack because not used to blogging
yet still nervous what are you nervous
about or what goes on through your head
cuz I think for me TIFF and everyone
else that vlogs we've done it so much
that we don't really think about it
anymore
so you're normal true well I mean that's
how it was for you guys in the beginning
- yeah the beginning what do you feel
though what's going on where what what's
going on in your head that you're like
oh I don't know what I'm gonna say yeah
yeah I'm just camera shy it's funny
because you can't even look into the
camera yeah I can't look you're like so
focused on putting it on oh that's so
nice
that's so funny do you remember when you
were like that yes because I still have
those feelings down but I try my best to
ignore really yeah you've been after
like all these years is like just being
a friendly camera and like you know
practicing and trying to like get that
out of my head like I don't know still
deep down inside like within me I still
get really camera shy and then something
that's why a lot of the times I don't
know how to end my sentences like you
know how I have that problem where yeah
I'm like on a roll and then I'm like
yeah then I start thinking about it
again I'm like oh my god I really kept
me and I'm talking awake what am I
talking about yeah yeah yeah yeah
well you can't tell by you you play it
off pretty well
oh I'm not there yet one day yeah sure
like within yourself just like telling
yourself like just do it go for it well
right now it's just an telling me
because how they flow today you're like
alright do this okay well we're his
instructions his specific instructions
with always whenever he's there he's
okay we'll see this talk to the camera
you know like talking this hanaway year
like I know he's directing you yeah oh
right now you're on your loan sit like
you're by yourself and you're like fuck
I don't know what to do that's funny
alright well like take it one step at a
time like this was saying and I think
you just have to bust it out you have to
bust it out and you got to do it so
we're gonna force her to do it right now
so I will put a link to the channel so
that you guys could watch how she did
we're gonna make her do it right now
alright so one of the things that I've
been wanting to experience for the
longest in my life is actually in New
York and specifically for the fact that
everything is so close and then you can
walk everywhere that you're going now
that I'm in downtown LA I'm taking full
advantage of that and I'm gonna try to
walk my ass everywhere it's always so
that we don't get to do anything you
don't get to explore so I'm like any
chance again let me come walk without be
in a car and now the trippy thing about
this whole thing is that you would think
because you're in LA or I was thought
that girls are never supposed to be
you don't know what dangers are lurking
out there waiting to rape you but right
now I feel like the city or this part of
town is so lively I don't really care I
mean not to say that I don't care about
any of that bad stuff happening but I
just don't feel any sort of an imminent
threat you know I just feel like
everyone's walking around everything's
well lit as you can see
nothing is going on and I feel okay it's
actually really fun because I'm always
around people and I'm always spending
time doing very specific things that
it's really cool to just kind of spend
time alone get some fresh air while kind
of fresh because it smells like this
small got here but it's better than
being cooped up in a room or in and all
of this in a/c all day like my body is
just not made for a/c all day because I
get a headache does that ever happen to
you guys where it's like artificial air
is just not good for you I don't know
I'm a rare I think I'm layer I just
think I'm a weird weird specimen so I'm
enjoying some me time by myself right
now just walking and it's so beautiful
get this
how beautiful is that how lucky am i I'm
so grateful for everything what I have
and everyone that I've met let's go to
Target I'm in a good mood
alright five minute walk and I'm already
here look at that
there it is we got the blood flowing
I've got a good little cardio session
going on I felt good spent some me time
some quality time I can feel the air
feels so good and now I'm gonna come
spend my hard-earned money
alright before going in there I'm gonna
guess that I'm going to be spending
about 20 bucks
I don't know it's fucking target I
always been like at least $100 so we'll
see what happens
all right so this is bad I came in for a
very specific bronze oh it looks amazing
on camera this is what's in my basket
I'm getting what is this a cleanser a
toner cream cream bronzer it's not even
the one I was looking for another one
just because I want that little sugar
and some cream we're off to a bad start
guys
I think it's only gonna get worse from
here fuck
see what I'll say fine so I've left
targets
successfully
and I only needed one thing from here
one thing and I said I was gonna spend
$100
this is how much I spent one hundred and
seventy three dollars
deme target ran again and the fun has to
come to an end because I'm walking back
home but I'm definitely enjoying this
walk I think it comes from the fact that
I've been on like my parents house
arrest for so many years that now that I
get to walk around because I never could
do this before like walking around my
block was definitely a no-no because
there were so many drugs happening there
was so many like crazy illegal
activities happening all the time and
like my parents just really feared for
my life so they were just so scared to
let me be outside like a normal kid so I
never got to walk around blue blocks a
block now I remember thinking I'm gonna
run away that frickin hate is a hey you
guys and then just the thought of me
leaving my house and walking down the
block terrified the shit out of me and I
know it was a combination of obviously
my parents you know their constant not
threats but their constant warnings
mixed with I could see where I lived you
know I knew that the people or army were
ghetto and they were no good so yeah I
never ran away because I was too fucking
scared I think if you're ever scared of
your kid ever running away just grow up
in the hood and I swear to you
they'll be fucking terrified because I
know I was so this has always been kind
of like a mini little dream for me to be
walking around like this and it feels
amazing amazing and I know a lot of you
guys are probably watching like what's
the big deal I walk all the time in I
fucking hate walking or whatever and
that's cool and that's your reality and
that's amazing and I'm kind of a little
bit jealous that you've had so much of
it but I've never done this before
then it's fucking cool I'm looking love
this right now and I'm geeking out and
I'm sorry but this is really exciting
for me and I love that I get to share
this moment with you guys so cool I'm
almost home actually and like we walk
together the whole time I'm like how
fucking cool is that so fucking cool ok
I'll show you what I got when I got home
at HQ and we got in the beam on the ones
and twos why my head see he got it I
thought you wanted to reduce it what a
liar if we did you would know what the
ones in dualism liar
what are you doing you know I love the
fact that you cook because I don't and
when I come home you made chili
that was fucking bomb I excuse you take
it back because everything that I've
made I don't remember you making any
else the empanadas I made the chili bomb
suit you see I think anything anything
I've ever made you've always said no
even the thing that you taught me how to
make I still killed it I don't think
there's anything I've ever attempted
that tastes like shit paw bear well
you're very honest yeah is there
anything I've ever made that toothpick
shit that you mean yeah that you've been
like oh my god mother pleased out of the
kitchen never okay what look at me look
at you tell me the truth no everything
you ever made like I remember you try to
make the ancient weapon and you're
better than we thought that you made on
your little Hawaiian spiders that you
ugh I love those delicious hey they
looked horrible
I should have logged that every day MA
lipstick you know who's behind you
Mila
and you know who's really smart but kind
of everyone thinks she's dumb
the woman waiting for some food she
blinked Molly
it's so cute I gotta get more rats so
speaking of the rat actually left that
guy in the office as I spend more time
in the office that when I do at night
and I feel like you would have a lot
more stimulus and a lot more people to
play with in the office and that's
actually what's been happening people
come to my desk when they're like where
is she where is she where she everyone
loves and it's really cool before I go
off on a tangent the deans throwing away
his oh no he put his ones and twos on
this so who are you making oh yeah that
was the point I was trying to make that
I love that you cook because it makes me
feel like home cuz every time I've been
home there's always something on the
stove like I don't know if that's an
Afghan thing too but whenever you went
home was there like pots and stuff on
the on the stove waiting for people to
eat
hmm always like I go home you know I
went home back back last time I don't
live over like a year but last time I
work she just non-stop school of it
oh sure I think she sees it as like
taking care of you yeah dad I think
that's what she do something like a
place with my mom should conserve
whatever the family party she could
super want to spend everyone well shit
cuz she likes it she likes it actually
one of the best my family
oh damn to walk no for me it's dumb any
time we've ever had no I think just my
all of my memories there's always been
food on the stove and they don't like
even if there's no one home my mom or my
grandma would make it a point to leave
food on the stove for us so they were
always thinking like oh and Gio comes or
her brother comes or Gio sister comes
like if they're hungry they'll have food
on the stove so I'm just used to seeing
the stove full of pots and pans with
food in them oh no no no like there's
just always food there yeah you had that
too
oh fuck she doesn't know any other room
in the house what's the kitchen she
suits in the kitchen what about for you
is it like that for you so I live with
my mom the first half of my life and
there's always food those nasty still
normal ate it and then uh we moved on my
dad my dad cooks really well yeah and um
he always had food so he always like to
make food that's on purpose you can my
boy later on you make like curry chicken
which is really good to make a black
pepper steak which is really going chops
up steak and he cooks in his black
pepper gravy sauce is really good you
made like this soy sauce chicken that
was really good and then there's a point
where that's my girlfriend at the time
in high school she would come over and
then she would be like oh did you dad
make anything and I'm like this are you
coming over to see me are you coming
over as I she didn't make it
to eat my chance using you food but let
me show you love me which is cool but
that my dad's food is pretty good even
made me hamburgers did you saw that I
like really like get it out and it's
like now make it better have her hidden
hamburger was pretty good like who
scratch like he gets he buys ground beef
who puts the seasoning into B cracks the
egg makes
/ - together this all of that commits
his own burger damn all right
when I think it's time I talked about
what I thought was the bar no I'm gonna
show them you know I need it naw naw naw
naw naw naw naw huh
so now it's time when I talk about wood
I plot this is a hundred and seventy
three dollars okay so first things first
I got this Physicians Formula nude glow
you to wear and the thing that got me
about this is that it has a bronzer that
I regularly use and it has a jesus blush
but I also use on the daily but they
have the glitter which is that shimmer
effect and I really like it I mean this
is not the one that I'm using but I
forgot my makeup today and TIFF and I
wear um very similar makeup our skin
tones very similar so we can share
makeup so that's what I had to do I had
to borrow all of her makeup and she had
this bronzer blush duo that had this
shimmer you can kind of see it here and
I loved it so it looked amazing on
camera so I had to go get one I'm a
little fighter so if they didn't have
the exact one that she had but this is
kind of similar or I think it is I
haven't tried it never used it never
even used Physicians Formula before so
this is the first of all I'm gonna try
it let's see how it goes
okay then I bought a beautiful skin and
a lotion because I ran out of my daily
lotion
and the base watch that I use and the
hard water that we have here dries out
my skin and it feels so tight and it
hurts so I need some sort of daily
facial facial facial cream so I bought
this
I like how they taped the top so that I
can't get to it but then the bottom
lutely open
oh no never try this wow this bottle is
so tiny well let's see how long this
thing lasts not like much that's good
then I got because I was scared of this
and I've never used this brand before
this is what I got okay I didn't want to
focus fuck YouTube camera let me adjust
my over here I'm adjusting the focus
okay
so I've never used this parameter for so
then I have a little backup which is
Neutrogena which are having you before
and it hasn't failed me it's not
anything spectacular it does the trick
it didn't do anything bad so that's good
and this one is called Neutrogena
Naturals brightening being moisturizer
with sunscreen uh-huh and what I liked
about it is clinically proven to reduce
the look of skin discoloration for
visibly brighter more even toned skin
who doesn't need that but but I have no
my god this is all so small what the
frak really why are these things it's so
small
am I like what the fuck am i buying
anyway well I got two really small ones
look at this whatever then I got some
headache medicine cuz Bart likes to take
the whole bottle and I don't know what
he does with me so it's always good to
have headache medicine because you never
know I personally don't like to eat
medicine but there are - some of those
headaches that are fucking unbearable
and I got to get work done or I got a
film and I can't be doing that when or I
can't be in my element when my
head is throbbing so that's the reason
for that
then I got my cocoa butter because cocoa
butter is the jam like I personally I
don't know if this is TMI or not but
what the hell you guys know so much
about me already why did I even care
about TMI that um I don't have any
stretch marks at all whatsoever and I
attribute it not only to my mother's
genetics because she also doesn't have
any stretch marks I mean that's a whole
nother story that I got to share with
you guys later today but I've been using
cocoa butter for as long as I can
remember I think as soon as I was in
high school I remember I always had this
thing for really soft skin so I always
always always wanted soft skin and I
remember hearing a lot about cocoa
butter and how nutritious it was and
rich and like how it soothes and softens
any skin so I bought into the hype and I
was using it and I've been using it and
every time I use it maybe even if I use
it for like two weeks my skin is
noticeably different this is not a
sponsorship by any means this is what I
legit use the only drawback about this
is the fact that it smells like
chocolate
um I'm not a fan of chocolate nor the
small of it but it's not to the point
where it gives me a headache or I hate
it but it does smell a lot like cocoa so
keep that in mind if you're gonna try
this but it's super rich it's kind of on
the thicker side but I love that really
oily feel to it it absorbs rather
quickly into the skin - the oiliness but
it stays smooth for the entire day I
love it I oh this is me speaking from
someone that lives in California I don't
know if you live in different climates
how that's gonna react to you but I have
fairly normal skin and I live in
California so take that however you want
to take it then I bought this thing that
I've never even do this brand I've never
even heard of its called Lud
I don't know and this is a cleanser so
the reason why I liked it is because I
want to face face wash that I can Clete
whoa little bit
I want a face wash that I can keep in
the shower because when I'm washing my
entire body I like to remove my makeup
in the shower but I also want something
that removes the makeup but also cleans
the face so I like this one because it
said multi-action and it is make a
remover and exfoliator infused with skin
perfecting papaya
hey now papaya multi-action them clearly
and it exfoliant and ziti the papaya
o prepared some French or some shit I
don't know but it said all the right
stuff it had everything I was looking
for again it's taped on the top and on
the bottom this is what I'm talking
about bigger bottles make a bigger
bottle I'm gonna try this tonight and
see what happens and this is for all
skin types again because I have a fairly
normal skin it's not too dry not too
oily pretty chill and then fuck and then
I got skin toner and this is what I like
about this is I've never really used
facial toner but everyone every skin
that I admire they always say that use a
toner because their skin looks so even
and so radiant and I know that a lot of
it maybe even like 90% if not even like
99.9% of it comes to do with you know
your lifestyle how you're eating your
sleeping habits you know your stress
levels your job like I understand that
all of that you know contributes to what
your skin looks like right but
I'm slowly changing my lifestyle alright
I don't smoke I don't drink I don't
party
I really do attribute all of that but
I've just listed to the fact that that's
what's keeping me looking young but the
older I'm getting the more I realized a
little bit more assistance would be nice
therefore I'm gonna invest in a nice
toner
I don't know how nice this is actually
from Target not to talk shit about
target because I am a targets number-one
fan but yes I want to help my skin out
I'm also juicing now not the steroids
type of juicing but the actual fruit and
vegies type of juicing I'm tracking my
macros I'm eating I'm eating a lot
healthier
I'm not eating super fatty foods I'm not
eating out I'm not doing any of that
stuff so I'm really trying to take care
of myself here I'm getting a lot more
sleep before I used to sleep at 3 a.m.
now I'm sleeping at latest one and I'm
waking up you know I'm getting my eight
hours of sleep
whereas before I'd get six minimum so
things are changing in my life okay I
think they're changing I'm proud of
myself I'm a dull teen y'all I'm a dull
team but anyway I got this was not let
me let me just clarify here all the
stuff that I just named I was not going
to target for any of those but once
you're there you're like oh yeah I need
this yeah I remember I needed that so
again I didn't eat any of this stuff
actually I didn't even need to go to
Target I just wanted something god I'm
fucking worse
I'm the worst anyway and then I got um
this flawless finishing powder that I
didn't even know I needed but the
packaging was so cute it's by a pixie
never heard or it's pixi by petra don't
know what that is um the packaging again
is super cute and it's this finishing
powder whatever that means
I'm only assuming um oh my god look at
the mirror oh you can see my camera but
look at the mirror oh wow look at that
it has like a cute little design on it
um but I'm always on camera and there's
always lights in my face so my face will
look very oily or it can appear to look
oily so if I have this little buddy it's
not gonna look as oily which means it's
not any more bullshit to my face it's
gonna make me look older which sucks and
then it's gonna mess them up pores I'm
gonna start freaking not everywhere but
good thing I got my toner and good thing
I got my cleanser and ready exfoliator
I'm good I'm a walking contradiction for
real and then I got cuz I'm still trying
to be the TIFF fighter I got the it's
actually says custom bronzer blush and
eye shadow look at that so I'm thinking
oh you know what I don't know her seemed
a little bit more pink but this is what
hers kind of resembled and I fell in
love with the night holder hey TIFF I
love this I'm probably gonna knock your
style and I'm a jacket I'm by the same
thing and I'm gonna rock because it
looks freakin - I thought it looked
really well let me see the same like I
remember reading the colors and back and
wow they're real serious about this
packaging oh and it's not because the
one she had was Waikiki but this one's
Vegas trip so I want to get my little
hoe on here we go
all right and then because I remember
her having more shade of pink I'm like
well they don't have the exact same one
that I like from her so let me assist it
with this one that has more pink and
it's also shimmery and glowy something I
can't can use but I think but a boom and
last but not least every girl's
essential and something that we've
talked about on JK news that we feel
that the government should be paying for
because this is a necessity and
something of every single female needs
haha I bought me some Tampax
because tampons are the fucking shit and
I didn't start using tampons until I was
in my twenties I always felt so
uncomfortable about sticking a stick
straight up my fucking vegetable
and the fur I remember the first time I
put it in there I was like this feels so
weird inserted the whole away cuz no one
ever told me about tampons I didn't know
I didn't know how they worked my friend
I was just like oh my god I remember I
was at a volleyball game this when I was
playing in junior college and we were at
an away game and then they started my
period and asked my girlfriend I'm like
oh my god do you have a badge he's like
no but I have a tampon I'm like fuck
we're wearing these short little shorts
panik's shorts like I'm gonna bleed all
over the freaking place and the fuck all
right that's all you got let's do it and
then they put it in there I didn't push
it in the hallway so how it was in my
bags either half the sticking out it was
so uncomfortable and I vowed to never
use them ever again
but then cute cute girl clothes happen
so I'm back and honestly I love them
like I can exercise it feels amazing now
and it's not because I know a lot of
we're gonna be like oh it's because
you're you have a loose vagina or
whatever
don't work like that for one and two is
that I think it just get used to it
they're awesome so I got me two packs as
a matter of fact I hate going to the
store all the damn time so I got me two
packs the tampons and that concludes my
Vegas trip I mean what are we talking
about I think I'm still thinking of this
because this is all I wanted to go to
Target for the Vegas strip but it wasn't
even Vegas trip I will actually wanted
Waikiki but I went in for this and I
came out with everything else I share
with you guys
target your fucking genius because you
do this not only to me you do this to
everyone
targets sponsor me just kidding I'm a
rapper Monday yeah
