how we look now oh my goodness
we got the set going on we have a vanity
mirror over there we got this crazy
mixer sound thing what does this thing
can we got this big expensive toy with
rainbow colors dude this is sick so we
got beat Roy over here on the
motherfuckin ones and to hundreds we got
200 loves Michael's over here helping
beat Roy out Joe's walking around
inspecting people Oh 1 million
subscribers
finally and then we got the ladies here
putting their faces on in the morning
everyone put in their faces I don't know
why how come girls never put on their
makeup before they leave the house huh
it's such a common theme but even before
that like I always like since I was a
kid I would always just see like even my
mom she leaves the house so that she
gets to work a little bit early shit
yeah why why don't you guys just wake up
earlier and then put the makeup on first
take care of the house and then we got
people over here setting stuff up we got
cameras this we're like our own little
Hollywood studio in here KC is leading
the team setting things up doing things
I don't understand oh sorry alright so
I'm getting in the wave I'm walking over
how I got to show you guys everything we
got
this team we're going with what do you
do with the steamer Byron I'm removing
the wrinkles the set oh yeah that's all
I was gonna tell you guys from the
Halloween
shoot we did we forgot to do that it
look kind of ugly little bit awesome so
we got a Byron steamed in Ryan setting
stuff up to all kinds of stuff going on
we got the game preparation going on
over here over here we got more game
preparation I guess we're drying or
we're gonna be writing stuff down with
teams that's why we have two of them
Sean and AD just popped out of the
closet I don't know why see this looks
so professional this is crazy I just
come up in here and this is a huge
change from old JK party where we show
up and it's still dope cause we still
have our own office and everything but
we were kind of doing that things the
way we wanted to and the way we knew how
but when we moved to a more professional
space like this now we're doing things
in the way that Hollywood or the right
way but with our taste and our Flair
which is really cool this we didn't
completely just abandon our old ways cuz
that's the reason why I got fell in love
with us so we're doing things still with
our Flair our taste but now we're doing
it right and everything is looking legit
I'm so impressed like when I first
walked in here I was like damn is this a
fucking legit studio that I never been
to before I was like oh yeah it's our
studio look at this mother fucking
fucking wires oh shit it's just a surge
protector huh what damn just people just
pulling on wires left or right you know
it's legit when you got someone just
pulling on wires and shit damn it's like
a very organized chaos
everyone's doing something random but at
the end it all fits together like Mike
what the fuck is Michael doing have no
idea but he's fucking busy spinning shit
and fucking grabbing a pulley and
stroking and tugging and caressing and
what this is the kid show Michael what
the fuck he did it right now we're on
our lunch break we just finished playing
- pretty big games on just kidding party
one was a dirty diction and they think
we shot that for about an hour - and
then we just played resistance and we
shot that for about an hour - and now me
and my bare potato we are walking the
pup-pups
to go peepee between lunchtime
they did why you know what I think I
think funny is really bougie now ya know
because when we go to the other dog park
are you going that way when we go to the
other dog park in the morning the one
next to our house one that's all green
and stuff as soon as we bring them there
they immediately pee and poo like really
good they shit their fucking brains out
and
we go to this one I think because
they're scared or something
meatloaf pooed briga peed and meatloaf
putana maybe heat on a tree to somewhere
else and then fine just held it in so I
think fine if she doesn't have the
perfect environment
she's not gonna poop or pee pee because
no fuck emotional what do you think it
is I say she can't be around people
don't sound she's like but don't you
what what makes the dog parts so safe
then because she goes there and
immediately she does her business she
pees because who knows immediately but
there's people walking around there's
other dogs as loud sounds sorry are you
playing tug of war yeah
but you also desert that over 300 pounds
at one point
mama you deadlift it over 300 pounds
that's not what is it do you like that
he pulls harder you don't like it I like
it that he pulls hard because it makes
me feel like I have a really strong son
so I'm really proud of them but
sometimes it gets annoying because it's
inconvenient but it's fucking cute
because like it's fucking cute to me
that he pulls hard because it just tells
me how determined he is behind his
decisions so for it for me like he's
pulling hella hard like every other
leash is kind of loose his is hell is
solid because he knows what he wants to
do that's so clean
okay meatloaf are you gonna take us what
are you taking us okay where are you
gonna take us I think he's gonna take us
straight to the bathroom oh yeah I see
it I see it
alert ears that's his hunting position
come on you guys got a poopoo peepee no
more shitting in the office okay
especially you fun you freaking shit in
the office everyone poo poo and pee pee
poo poo and pee pee see this is our dog
Relief Center at the office designated
play area for residents only I know this
is something that I'm really grateful
for here because our office is dog
friendly that allows us to bring our
pets here so for me because it's a
privilege a lot of offices don't allow
us to do that I want to make sure that I
cherish my privilege and I always pick
up after my dogs and sometimes when I
see other pet owners leave their shit I
picked those up too just because it's
it's really easy for the landlord to
just be like hey you know what there's
too much dog shit and flies it smells
bad I'm gonna take this privilege away
and I don't ever want that to happen so
right now meatloaf
did poop on the frickin floor for you
sucker head there is that true meatloaf
I guess not oh yes he is fine you gotta
pee don't poo in the office anymore
we're taking her out here to pee and poo
usually you guys are so good how come
you guys aren't peeing and pooing today
what do you guys do it's time to pick it
up pick up the dog poop so over here
it's really cool too they even have a
little plastic bag then you just pull it
out and bam I get this bag and I open it
up and then I I pick up the dog poop
okay Jill's gonna do it so my hands are
busy
it's hard to do one Hannah I'll spit on
my hand I got it
and then I flip it inside out like this
and then I go reach down inside out grab
the dog dukey and then I put it can you
help me put a right side back up boom
teamwork and then we take it over here
to the dog poop in and we throw it you
guys got a poo and pee why aren't you
guys poo and pee in dammit what happens
if we go back to the office and then
fine
just straight stakes another big shit
she's a big dog - sometimes they see a
little cat in the bushes like over here
now she's looking at a fly come on pond
you got a freaking yeah I got it just
move them so they could sigh forth yeah
I think they're just distracted so they
don't want to pee or poop
we got a force I'm gonna walk around you
guys got a pee in poop we can't have you
peeing and pooing in the office so we're
spending our a pretty bricky so this is
pretty much how we spend our lunch break
we have to spend about 10 15 minutes
letting the dogs pee and poop before we
go eat I'm starving actually and I
and not wait to eat are you hungry -
mama you're hungry - it's or no Voros
I'm starving right now you're not
starving damn you know what my mom you
know my mom used to call me when I'm not
hungry
wow those sudden shin which means like
are you a saint because you know they
say they're not supposed to eat like
they don't need to eat they don't need
water air or anything so my mom's like
what the hell you have a plate eight
hours and only food
just got back home from all the meetings
and I look in the back and I'm like god
damn the city looks so beautiful
and it kind of refreshed me a little bit
but not really because I'm still really
tired
cuz I'm any single day or every day that
I shoot just kidding party all day and
then I have a bunch of barbell Brigade
meetings it's always really really rough
geo already got comfortable and mom pair
is super tucked in and the blankets
already freaking bikini I just finished
a little ice cream with ice cream how
come every time you get home the first
thing you do is take out your eyeballs
get into comfy clothes and find your way
under these covers why do you always do
that
I can't wait to take off my shoes drop
all my bags um then take off my socks
and then I like to get out of my dirty
clothes put those in the hamper
they don't want on my PJs if you pens
unless I'm gonna take a shower right
away but put all my features and then I
like to remove the makeup for my face Oh
feels so good just wash it all off wash
the eyes off pop up my eyes god I'm like
you're so good i relaxing you know that
yours yeah look at you you are so
luxurious or just like Nadine you're so
good i relaxing like you find your way
from coming home to being in the most
comfortable situation about to fall
asleep in like five seconds you're such
a luxurious person no simple means like
you just plop on the couch and you just
stay there but for you you get dressy
proper eye balls that you get underneath
look at this blanket you're not even
using it properly most people see that's
all luxurious no you use the microfiber
side and then you have this what does
that mean what does that feel that
spewing out all this freakin humidifier
because they're so legit it has to have
a temperature so low that I'm freezing
my balls off and I need to use this in
the frickin summer
and fucking cold ass air is hitting my
face so and drying it out so I need a
humidifier to keep me balanced keep me
balanced you're living your life out of
balance right now out of whack it's not
even on right now the AC is not on
whatsoever because I set it to 75 simply
yeah as a woman you see that face
oh no that's silly fun is perfect yeah I
did I did you have a nice day though I
didn't see very much even though we
filmed a few party all day I didn't have
a nice day I um started off anytime that
me and my Barrett can carpool to work
which is what we did I always enjoy
because I think a lot of people they see
that me and my bear we work together
we're both in JK we're a barbell brigade
together and we do a lot of stuff and
they assume that we spend all day
together but that's not the case like
usually me and Geo we drive two cars to
the gym drive two cars to the office and
we have separate schedules so we got to
be able to be mobile and kind of be able
to go from here to there on her own
without being tied together but today we
had the exact same schedule we went to
the office brought the dogs and hung out
there the whole day and even though
we're working were side by side we got
to come home it's just that when we come
home some people are better than others
at getting comfortable immediately
and so that was really really cool there
one a huge thing that I did just get
Nona stuff which kinda shocked Mila what
didn't really shock me but I was it was
surprising was I found out that my
grandma passed away and that was pretty
crazy because um so I'm pretty close to
this grandma and she was the one that
kind of raised me as a kid every time I
went to Taiwan like she was really close
to me
because uh I was her first grandson and
then when she came over she would always
cook me all kinds of yummy food and my
mom sucks at cooking so I don't know
where the talent got lost at but but I
just found out that she passed away
literally today and I was I was really
sad for uh about like a good 10-15
minutes actually yeah Oh sad because I
guess my grandma you know why it doesn't
mean you're shorter yeah so I was pretty
sad for 10-15 minutes and then I was
like you know what I got it I got a job
to do so I snapped out it up went back
jakey party plate like two games of
mafia and the reason why I like I feel
like I'm a pretty logical person so for
me it's easy for me it's it's not gonna
mart list I just see the future coming
really fast I'm very very optimistic
like people really see me piss people
really see me down to the dumps I feel
like out of like hey YouTube vloggers
I've seen a lot of vloggers like go from
like extreme happiness to want it cut to
commit suicide to wanting to stop
vlogging on YouTube where they quit and
then they come back and they quit and
they come back and then they break up
with the person they're with for like 20
years and they get back I see a lot of
crazy shit on YouTube and I'm not like
that like I'm very optimistic and I look
forward to the future so I think that's
the reason why I was able to get past my
grandma's death really quick was a shock
I mean there was yeah there was like Tom
there are signs and I know how I just
what they're so they're so there I mean
there are signs
um No so there are signs there are signs
and it's the right thing to also know
the reasons why I'm not much I'm not
like falling out of control is because
my grandma now isn't my grandma anymore
you know like she has Alzheimer's and
for like the past five years she's been
a completely different person so I think
as my original grandma transformed into
the current grandma I already had a lot
of closure and I knew it was coming so
it's kind of like Tyson like the
original Tyson and the Tyson that you
guys last off the last year is
completely different one guy super
energetic and in the second when I just
moping around and stuff and I we were
still there to take care of him but his
personality is isn't there so it's
almost like you feel like you're taking
care of the shell of that person and I
think that's also one of the reasons why
I I wasn't too sad but it did come like
as a shock oh shit and she passed away
in Taiwan so I'm not able to go see her
or her funeral immediately but my mom is
over there and when she broke the news
to me kind of like just hit me dead in
the tracks when I told you immediately
we had a job to do someone to go finish
jakie a party I highly doubt you could
tell that I was either sad there how did
you feel when I first told you mama um
it was definitely a shock
um cuz you know the last time I saw your
camera she was okay like obviously her
her mental state wasn't like she just
couldn't recall or remember anyone
especially you um but I didn't think
that that would lead to and where do we
go like six months ago no I mean like a
year - oh wow
um so you did tell me that she had
fallen yesterday yeah she pissed all
over herself yeah and she couldn't hold
her bladder but then did hear that
happened yesterday and then today to get
this news it was definitely a shock and
I know what a huge role she played in
your life and how impactful she was to
you and
you know just the positive memories that
you have of her it definitely hit me and
I didn't unfortunately get to meet her
but the few interactions that I did out
with her she was just absolutely sweet
very welcoming and although there was
that language barrier she made it like
she made me feel her heart and I felt to
be welcomed immediately so yeah I mean
the memories I have for her our
beautiful ones very short-lived they're
very beautiful yeah and then when I
heard it I was just like holy shit and
every time like when I hear of a death
or I see you that I witness deaths but I
just hear of a death um it always just
kind of like shakes you up and it just
tells you like I just hear a voice in my
head saying saying like live live now
like live strong live big live
positively you know and it kind of puts
things into perspective for me I know
maybe you don't need that like it maybe
you live that way every single day but
for me at least I got caught up in the
mundane or I get caught up in the
day-to-day of things that I don't really
take time to just appreciate the moment
and live in the moment and be present so
um I kind of like shook me up a bit and
was like appreciate what you have right
now in this very moment the thing that
you're doing right now is where you're
supposed to be loved it
oh that's that's that's a lot of people
they say that that is the inspiration to
live so it's not the inspiration of life
but its inspiration to live yeah and
that's the purpose of death so uh I
think that uh that is also a beautiful
thing you know it's it's sad I have to
let go of your loved ones yeah but I
think they only died in vain if they
died and they didn't have a positive
impact on you if we just spend like
three weeks crying your fucking brains
out and that's dumb because I think
that's not lasting any dying person
wants you to do is to like put your life
on hold for three weeks or slow your
life down for three weeks yeah I don't
mind if you slow your life when I die I
don't mind if you like I'll be satisfied
but I'm like I'm gonna be satisfied
eating pizza and like watching movies
and hanging out my friends you said you
were gonna be sad so we did a JK a news
segment and while we're talking about it
are you still bitter over that oh my god
would you be you know would you be
completely heartbroken if your
significant other dies before you yeah
and I was like yeah like I'd be
completely destroyed because absolutely
devastated I'd be in mourning for like I
don't know how long how long years baby
and all away I know I'm a very strong
person yeah you're very strong no no no
weakly no anyway uh and then they asked
the question same questions Bart and
then bars like oh like you know maybe a
day or two calls like what like that's
the let's love you have for me and I
know that it's not a reflection of your
love but you know how much I love you I
do know and that's why we also know how
positive of a person I am are but then I
know how impactful I've been in your
life and I know that I'm the love of
your life your heart your soul your
everything
so it's like how do you live on
terminology no you need to okay Gary
Mary you can't think of words okay most
people there mourn for three weeks right
but mourn is also like another word for
memorialized where they're kind of
thinking and feeling and morning and
doing all that stuff and kind of like
reflecting that's that's what morning is
for me I think I'm gonna do the same
amount of memorialization I don't know
if that's the word but the first day is
gonna be the sad day and the other
twenty days is gonna be happy I'm just
gonna be happy because that's just who I
am but I'm still gonna keep thinking
about you is just uh what are your
getting another wife it's just when
other people who listen to me which is
when other people are sad and thinking
about the person I'm just happy and
thinking about the person and happiness
cause I didn't think it over you
I said I'm you know how many honey's are
on the loose everything about you baby
wouldn't you end up I don't give a fuck
how many honeys you don't have any
honey's can't cut the carrot don't
fucking bad-ass
yeah we're not that bad as if you're
dead mama Brody says you know how I feel
about you are you fucking kidding me you
wanna break it
you're a see see see guys girls are
always looking for a fight
she knows how I feel about it how I take
care of her and how much I'm there for
her but she wants those word those
fucking worthless words
goodnight love how they do it but it's a
store full of the most useless stuff but
it makes you just want to touch it and
play with it and it makes you wanna buy
it like I can't afford everything like
everything that I wanted that I can
afford it cuz nothing is really
expensive like big file is pretty much a
discount store but if I were really too
