did you know that that is a vocal
exercise that a lot of actors and improv
errs you use so that they can enunciate
and I do that sometimes before these
vlogs because depending on what I'm
doing I could have my mouth closed
the whole day and then randomly when I
do need a vlog it catches my jaw off
guard and I can't even open it properly
so I'll be talking and all the stronger
the words come out really really weird
so I'm just warming up my job but I'm
going to Best Buy today because I gotta
buy some stuff and buy stuff I mean
electronics and the reason when well see
ya
I said reason why is there w the fucking
reason mm-hmm I don't know but I gotta
buy some stuff and as you guys know I
amend the business of making videos I
make videos for a living and it's really
fun but the problem with that is I run
through electronics like a motherfucker
compared to the regular person for
example this camera that I'm vlogging on
right now is my backup camera and it's
identical to my main camera so there's
no loss in quality but no one in the
right mind ever has to buy two things
like you don't buy two 70-inch TVs
unless you're a professional porn
watcher or something like that but for
me a lot of the times the electronics
that I'm gonna be using on the regular I
just have to buy two of so I'm at Best
Buy for three or four things today the
first one I'm looking to see if I I've
been hearing some good things on a
couple of cameras on the market a 6300
a 6500 so I want to check out a couple
cameras for my main camera because my
main one that not this one but the twin
- this one that's confusing but the
camera I'm using have another one and
that one's dead
so I got to replace it and I'm trying to
up the quality because yes I do read the
comments and you know when I go out into
Hawaii or if I go out into the mountains
and there's like crazy wind noise I read
the comments and yes it's annoying to me
- so I'm trying to find something with a
hot shoe which is that little square
thing and you can attach a mic to it and
you can put a little furry thing on it
and then I'll be like wind proof and I'm
just looking for something with low
light cuz I do vlog at night and then I
want something with great autofocus
because because of my last cameras until
is dying
sometimes I'll take like five seconds to
focus on something and I can't be having
that I want you to be sharp and fast
because you know when you're vlogging
about life like for example like me and
Gio we vlog our already existing life
we're not bloggers and that's not our
main thing we vlog our existing life and
because that we don't plan shots and
since we don't plan shots we need the
camera to be able to adapt as quickly as
we do to our life a lot of other
vloggers they plan what they're gonna do
- I'm gonna go to Disneyland I'm not
gonna do that but do that and then we're
gonna plan out these shots we don't have
time for that because we got JK and
barbell brigades so the vlogging is just
a company all that so we got to make
sure the camera stays sharp so that's
what I'm looking for second thing I'm
buying is unfortunately I crashed a
fucking drone a couple weeks ago I
bought a drone like a month ago and if
you guys noticed I don't know if you
guys did but and some of the b-roll some
of the shots to be looking mighty
motherfuckin swag doubt in my opinion so
I got a drone but the problem is when
you're beginner you're prone to crashing
it and a lot of people that I talk to
that are really good at drone flying and
getting drone footage they told me that
you're probably going to just go through
like three to seven of them if you want
to make drone footage a mainstay nurse
stuff that's just kind of like the the
growing pains of including drones in
your vlog so I have to go buy another
drone the third thing my suction cup on
my GoPro mount just popped off I was
driving one day recording really cool
footage and the
so I know that sounds like wind noise
but it's not I have to get that and then
fourth of all I'm getting like this
multi-port thing because now that I have
so many electronics and I'm really
trying to up the the quality of the
vlogs and shooting different angles with
different cameras it's a pain in the ass
to charge all my equipment all over the
place so I just want to charge
everything right next to my nightstand
so I can just plug everything go to
sleep wake up BAM everything's done so I
went to go check out the a 6300 which is
the same camera that Casey and David has
and the only thing that's missing to it
in my opinion is the image stabilization
so that's the thing that kind of
corrects any type of shakiness and
because I do vlog on the fly I walk
sometimes I hike I go to the beach I
just want to make sure that like in a
shaky situation it can kind of correct
that it doesn't have it I checked out
the cheaper version the a6000 and I
think that thing is just lacking way too
many functions for what I need so I
think my conclusion is I'm just gonna
wait for the a 6500 to come out and that
camera David told me is supposed to be a
motherfucking beast and you know David
knows cameras but that thing has crazy
autofocus shoots great and low light has
a 5 Access image stabilization and it's
a small and compact relatively compact
so that's gonna be really dope then I
checked out a drone and excuse me excuse
me sorry I was drinking up protein
shakes earlier so this is making me burn
for some reason not even know if that's
the right excuse what the fuck is noise
got I'm gonna do Jiu Jitsu on this
fucking seat belt I keep talking and all
I hear is like tire of slope
I know the fucking trick I'm gonna just
put the seatbelt on
thank you it's God telling me buckle up
all right so I buckle up second thing is
a drone I'm really waiting for the Mavic
to come out I think that being is super
dope it's smaller it flies better but I
am gonna be going on a barbell Brigade
retreat soon and I know it's gonna be
hella scenic we got cabins right off the
lake I'm gonna go buy some rafts so I
don't wanna wait and kind of miss out a
really really cool footage so I'm gonna
just get that and I'm just assuming I'm
probably gonna crash that motherfucker
again I hope I don't but I bought that
and then I bought the suction cup for
the GoPro because as I was driving just
popped off I was gonna get the Hero 5
but they didn't have it here I don't
know why so I might if I have enough
time today I'll probably go to another
store and pick up the Hero 5 and then
lastly I got the multi-port thing like I
was telling you guys about so I now I
got all this stuff and uh it was a very
productive trip I bought everything I
needed now in my head over it's a big
five and by two rafts for the Bardo
Brigade retreat I found out that I think
to rent a boat at Big Bear it's $250 an
hour and I'm like that's fucking
expensive I just randomly went online
there we go I cream of talking online I
went online when I found rats for like
50 60 bucks I'm like dude I'm just buy
two of those and we can have a fucking
good ass time at the lake next to our
cabin so I'm gonna go to fate not be
here i'ma go to Big Five and you know
what happens when you go Big Five Big
Five some of my favorite places in the
world because it has everything a guy
could ever want acts fucking
hunting-knife tents basketball shoes
just random shit so imma go in there and
even though I don't neither one don't
look there ago I came talkin about
even though I only need one thing I'm
probably gonna be in there for like an
hour just it's just the way it is big
big five that's just made for guys of
guy heaven
just got home and Big Five was fucking
awesome it was not a success though
because the rats that I was looking for
were not there well though I looked
online and they said they had to there
so unless someone motherfucking enemies
out there trying to beat me to the punch
of stealing my rats in the middle of
winter I don't know what happened to
those rats but they're not there and I
have checked the inventory for a few of
other cities around and they're all
scattered all over the place I Inglewood
will have one i'll hambar has another
one so what I'm gonna do is I'll
probably spend another day going to a
bigger sporting goods store X
fortunately like a place that would have
way more inventory however it was not a
complete failure because big five big
find big buy you are the truth
Disneyland for a man I'm serious I don't
know how they do it but it's a store
full of the most useless stuff but it
makes you just want to touch it and play
with it and it makes you want to buy it
like I can't afford everything like
everything that I wanted that I can
afford it cuz nothing is really
expensive like big file is pretty much a
discount store but if I were really to
buy everything that was in that store
I'd probably spend at least a hundred
G's there's fishing poles
I don't even fish but fishing poles they
look fucking dope but the thing there's
just mad coolers I already have a cooler
but you can never have too many coolers
there's skateboards shoes Under Armour
random stuff animals with really big
sparkly eyes basketball mouth guards
hand warmers it's like the most
randomest
honestly you know what Big Five is big
five is taking Walmart and it's throwing
away the bullshit that no one needs and
saving only the best stuff and then you
get Big Five well I'm or you need to
take
some nuts throw away your other fucking
shit turn it to a big cut although if
Gio saw me in there she'd probably think
Big Five is probably a place full of
bullshit that you could probably just
take down and also just throw away but
it has everything you need there's tents
guns knives I don't know what it is like
let me know like all my other guys out
there do you guys enjoy Big Five as much
as I do for me it's like if I could eat
anything McDonald's right if I can be
anywhere Big Five where else are you
gonna get camping and sporting goods and
everything in between if you're in there
for a long time guess what they got
fucking snacks cover if you're too hot
they got sleeveless shirts if you're too
cold you can always buy a jacket there
are so many things some of the more
luxurious big buys that I've seen they
even have GoPros and all that other
stuff but I wasn't trying to count on
Big Five because I know big fives
inventory they vary from store to store
and they're trying to serve their
demographic so they're not have had
everything but I'm just like dude Big
Five is like the ninth wonder of the
world I'm home now and like my house
feels boring compared to big fire
honestly I think when I get older and I
buy my house my goal is to make my
garage look like a big five I want a
dartboard I want some collapsible chairs
I want a tent in the corner I want to
wrap in a kayak over here I want some
baseball bats over there I want my house
to be hooked up it just just such a fun
place well that's it that was my
adventures for today I'm hella starving
believe it or not the Sun is about to
set and I haven't even ate any food yet
I just have my two protein shakes and
that's it I'm starving I just fed the
dogs because I have a rule of dogs eat
first before I do so they ate i'ma eat
right now and I'll catch you guys next
time peace everyone is already here
testing working making sure everything
is working properly
we've been having a couple of problems
before we had a little bit of problems
with technical difficulties on
technology so we're starting 30 minutes
earlier now just so that they can make
sure everything is a hundred percent on
point let's see who is doing makeups
probably a girl
it's always a girl doing makeup they
never do it at home I don't know why how
come girls never do makeup at home all
girls do that
you know guys never come here in Jota
hair the audio the hell
