hey what have people people I've
actually haven't been blogging in a
minute because I've been sick and you'll
kind of hear it in my voice um so this
is kind of a welcome back Geo
but as fucked up as being sick always is
and trust me it is um the good part
about it is that I can sleep in for one
two I can eat like freakin crap even
though I know I shouldn't be eating like
crap and it's no excuse to be eating a
crab but why is eating like crap so much
of fun like I just had some cheese's
which I probably normally wouldn't be
eating because now I've started tracking
my macros again and in this little bag
there's 11 grams of fat this little bag
right here and we're I'm tracking my
macros my daily intake of fat is 50%
okay so this is already 10 grams of fat
I have to eat at least three meals a day
that doesn't leave me much room to eat
some hearty stuff so that's why when I'm
sick gonna talen on these mofos but um
oh another I guess another plus side of
being sick is the cool voice I kind of
have a raspy like
I smoked two cigarettes but I don't
really smoke two cigarettes type of
raspy voice I don't know a lot of you
guys might not like it but I personally
think it's super sexy
that's another plus but right now I'm
actually getting a stuffy nose out of
nowhere um I'm working I'm at my desk
and I got this in the mail I actually
ordered it so I didn't get it sent to me
anything but I thought it was the
coolest thing ever it's called dragon
sex calendar I don't even know why I was
so fascinated with it but I was just
like who the hell would think of
something this crazy like some
pornographic dragon what is this one was
he doing oh damn I think he's hidden it
missionary or she's hidden it no I guess
it's a he right hitting it missionary
style and then what the fuck is this one
look at this one
he's hitting it from behind but then
this thing caught on fire this is
hilarious so of course I needed to bring
this into the office what the fuck I
think there's like multiple artists that
did this because no two of them look
from like it's from the same guy alright
I get it from the behind it's kind of
getting played out let me see let me
find a better what the fuck is going on
in here
hold them they need to stare at it cuz I
don't know what's going on oh maybe he's
the guy that's the bottom and the girls
on top
this is hilarious hold on I got a final
rinse dude their faces are hilarious
there's like no emotion there's no
emotion
just like the rib piles I think that's
why I can't really get close to those
type of animals I need to see like some
sort of smile or some sort of emotion
come out of their face but like a snake
something is just like like are you
happy to see me are you hungry
are you sad like what the hell's going
on I can't read you fucking snake so I
might never really get a reptile or
insects or anything as pets cuz I can't
read them I don't know I think I'll
stick to my furry little mammals like my
little like my little rat buddy I don't
know what in main him you guys should
help me come up with the name maybe you
guys can leave it in the comments and
like tell me what it named them so so
far it's personalities really sweet it's
um it's kind of fearless like when I put
my hands out like now let's learn and
mind you I've only had it for like less
than 48 hours um when I put my hand out
and already like jumps on the palm of my
hand like it's so trusting it's either
really trusting or really stupid
so those are a couple traits what else
is it - its these is a lot I don't know
if that's a good thing it might be sick
but I don't know do what you will with
that information what else is it it's
gray as you guys saw it likes to groom
itself a lot and I think that's just
what rats do so this is this thing and
then it pulls its ears and it's so cute
it does that
don't really know much else about its
personality I think that so having such
a hard time coming up with the name for
it but it was bought for JK it was meant
to be food for pixel Casey bought it
it's a feeder rat what else can I tell
you yes you guys can help me come up
with a name it's about this big I think
it's kind of like an adolescent it's not
folding Chrome it's still a baby it did
my part because yes you guys saw in the
chicky party video are you guys will see
um he's sticking his hand in the box and
he was he can't see within the box he
can only feel for it so he goes like
this
and it comes in and out really quickly
and the rats like all with like what the
fuck I think it scared the rat to the
point where it felt like I needed to
defend itself cuz it was in the corner
and then Bart's hand kept like doing
this so I think Bart was doing this and
it was already startled and scared that
the rat went and it bit his hand so yeah
I think you guys need to help me come
with me but yeah I like my furry little
mammals
and today's gonna be kind of a chilly
day because Bart and Joe are out doing a
seminar for I believe it's like two
script writing there means something to
do with movies I'm not 100% sure what
the seminar is for so I won't be having
bar for about four days
but I think I'll survive I think I'll be
okay
so my plugs like be so lonely guys I'm
so happy today have you though so I'm
just gonna have to hang in there and
you're gonna have to look at my boring
life without four
so I'm just gonna get back to work for
noon and cry myself to work uh just
kidding I'll hang in there
I'm used to it he gets him on nerves
remember remember that front I put up I
hate that guy get them on earth all
right so right now I'm on the set side
with TIFF she came out she came out on
kind of a day off so that we can work on
the set side because the set designers
did an amazing job at picking elements
out that they felt would be fun and
playful for the set side however I don't
know if it was them or the construction
workers or the contractor I don't know
who it was but whoever was in charge of
placing everything did a very mediocre
job and it wasn't up to par to what Bart
or Joe or anyone here basically like so
TIFF and I took it upon ourselves to
make it look a lot more presentable and
we did so on this side it's all Bart
side so he has all these little toys and
like all his little kid shit and we
can't forget the Bob but you guys are
gonna see so much in the JK news
episodes the bob is a lot of fun I got
to tell you guys like wait for those
episodes to come out because it's
fucking hilarious and then on this side
we did the Joe wall where it's the crazy
ass Joe world where it's like the fake
weapons the real weapons and then all
the little kiddie musical instruments
right there now the thing that's funny
is we did this record we're like oh we
can't go all the way to the edge of the
wall because you see the walls blue
they're like oh the cameras gonna cut it
off like it's not gonna look good like
what you eat we can't put the stuff that
cuz you're never gonna see it so then we
put it where we placed it now it's time
for the cameras to be in place we're
looking at where all the the angles are
whoever was sitting we're doing all that
shit and then we come to find out that
everything we placed and where we place
it is
not even being caught on camera it's all
off cameras for like holy fucking shit
especially the Bob right here especially
this guy he isn't even in the shot so
we're like fuck so now we got to go back
to the drawing board take everything off
switch this side and then on that side
behind TIF we have to shift everything
from here all the way over there yeah we
got to shift it and then hit who's like
fucking handy and shit
she came with all her tools this toolbox
yeah that's exactly what it is and it's
so organized you know everything has
like its own compartment and stuff yeah
so she had the power tool she had the
white-people tools it was awesome I
remember what it's called a white people
- all right so for me the definition of
a white people tool is a piece of
equipment or a tool that's going that it
that has a very specific task so for me
a drill is a multi functioning tool
where I can serve as a hammer it could
make holes
it can drill screws it could remove
screws it's just multi-functioning but
then she has this little screw what's it
called we've called the self tapping
screw so this little tip right here the
reason why I learned this because at the
hospital because we have a lot of screws
like for implants and stuff and so
that's how I learned these terms so the
purpose of this specific screw it's
different from like any other screw you
guys need because see like these is just
the threading goes all the way up to the
tip but this one it's a different
threading in the tip so it can pierce
through the wall easily so if you do
this you're gonna struggle this is easy
and she called this the white people
tool yeah because again it has a very
specific task for me I'm a fucking
neanderthal I'd be like fuck it get it
screw through in wall take forever don't
care then for her it's like oh why
people to a cool
very specific tool it's gonna drill the
hole faster save a lot of time and I'm
like but that's awesome
that's how you know you're like coming
up in this world like you know all these
little specific things just fucking
amazing so I thought I could do this by
myself but I can't and I'm so grateful
that she was like willing to lend me a
helping hand and her time which is way
more valuable than anything else in this
world she's like yeah I'll hook it up
cuz I love doing this thing it was
actually Casey's idea Casey knows her so
well that as we were talking about what
needed to happen on this that's that
Casey was just like to tell TIFF she
loves that stuff and then I asked her
and then she's like oh my baby knows me
so well we have this same raspy voice um
I kind of like it I dunno I was already
talking about I told you guys I'm like
see boys but right now we are gonna put
this wood on it because the black just
looks so flat and so sad so we're gonna
throw some some flavor some texture oh
you said it the right way yeah aka fake
wood faux wood hipster wood wood ok I'll
go back to work everyone is already here
testing working making sure everything
is working properly been having a couple
of problems before we had a little bit
of problems with technical difficulties
on technology so we're starting 30
minutes earlier now just so that they
can make sure everything is a hundred
percent on point let's see who's doing
makeups probably a girl it's always a
girl doing makeup they never do it at
home I don't know why how come girls
never do makeup at home
I'd rather get here on time Oh girls do
that
you know guys never come here enjoy
their hair the other hell
