how does it feel to be shooting JK news
on our brand-new set it feels so cool I
gave just something excited to get
started we haven't officially yet like
as of this moment right now we haven't
shot here yet yeah so I'm just really
excited to get started and just figure
out the whole technical technicalities
of today and smooth out some in my next
week will be cuz I remember you saying
during our test shot day the other day
we're just making sure all the cameras
and lights and electronics was working
you were saying you're like feeling kind
of nervous because it feels like a real
real set and it doesn't just feel like a
bunch of friends hanging out anymore how
does it feel now do you still feel the
same I think yeah for sure I still feel
the same especially now because we're
gonna be having camera guys behind the
cameras which we that never happens
during JK news it's always on a tripod
that's always on tripods or just press
record you press report and then we just
just film so did he actually have all
the camera guys you're going to be even
way
more professional than the test suitcase
oh yeah it was really intimidating did
you ever think cuz I don't know I
remember you told me a long long time
ago when you're a kid your dream job was
to be an anchorwoman and technically
that's that is what you are because you
are the host you tell us the topics you
tell the world what the news is
or maybe it's not like the traditional
news like weather or anything but you
tell the world interesting things that
happen in your moderate do you feel like
you're living up to your childhood
dreams we feel like it's different
better or worse um I think it's better
than my childhood dreams I think so yeah
because then I know who did you want to
be one of those Latin weather women that
dresses all slutty and they go tomorrow
is where there's going to be 65 degrees
and then there are like blue pee pops
out no no I think I just wanted to be uh
more than like a anchorwoman I wanted to
be more like a TV host kind of dressing
like a personality that gets like
moderate like those game shows oh like a
Steve Harvey yeah in that family future
yeah I always do that nice isalways
things like Mitch be easy yeah the kid
you don't know like everything that
really goes into it but yeah like um
being in this position right now I feel
like it I've surpassed that because it
exactly I get to work with my friends
yeah that's something like you know came
show host they don't get to do that like
at least not on camera and I don't um
get to like connect with with the people
out there with and just like we're more
than just friends here like really like
just one big family so then to be able
to share this experience oh yeah with
people that are really close to me like
close to my heart like it
it didn't even more beautiful experience
than I could have imagined I think it's
way better than you're telling me that's
awesome
why do you think all those Latin
channels they have like the most
Philippe Shoeless girls wearing like
skipping outfit there's not just like
one channel it's like Argentina Brazil
Mexico they're all wearing that
I got the uniform I guess um especially
the weather lady so it's always the
weather lady I don't know that's a good
question but I mean like having really
beloved to as women that's just the
thing in our Latin blood I guess we're
just we're spicy Latin lovers we like to
UM we don't shy away from our sexuality
yeah cuz I don't even know why but the
weather is like my favorite part of the
Latin news especially that one girl
right now she's like which one girl
she's is mexican chick oh I forgot her
new but she's huge and she has like a
really big booty yeah so cute she's like
on top right now I love the ones where
I've ever seen those are like Instagram
videos where it's like the girl is
facing camera right and she's talking
about the news pointing to the side and
as soon as she turns to the left then
you see how big our asses you look like
yeah that girl
oh that's her as soon as she turns
around to like show off the music yeah I
love how accurate her weather is yeah
she tells the weather and it's great and
it makes me happy to know what the
weather and Jalisco's like you know cuz
it really applies to me the other one
like the European like the I don't know
what they call them but there's like
things you're looting chicks and mainly
like in Russia where they'll have like
the specific news channel where they can
anchor women are like stripping yeah
and they're just oh I wouldn't like that
and they just I thought they have great
discussions on that news no it's funny
because like it looks like that they're
like dead in the eyes it's like yeah so
then the other day this guy like you
just came behind so they're not saying
with personality no he's waiting did
ever bite their lower lip oh looks like
they're dead anything cuz I'm trying to
get more viewers by stripping but then
they have like no or they just gotta
tell better news like us behind it
exactly should do yeah that's true
flamin hot cheetos is one of my favorite
snacks in the universe but ever since
I'm on a diet and yes
naked because it's really hot I worked
out this morning and I was sweating and
I'm trying to cool down for JK news but
flamin hot cheetos is one of my favorite
snacks in the universe and ever since I
started cutting I can't eat them because
the fat content is so high and then Lou
told me that they make a low-fat baked
flamin hot cheeto so I was like oh shit
I didn't know that Balu would know that
because he's a huge huge fan of flamin
hot cheetos so as soon as I found out I
texted julia who is our professional
snack require four just kidding news and
look what she got me BAM
flamin hot motherfuckin cheetos 50% less
fat and look at those clean white
sneakers let's see what the fat content
is oh my god for about thirty four
pieces it's only five grams of fat
can you believe that ma bear oh you just
came in yeah you thought the dogs I will
but look fat-free not that ready but
low-fat baked flamin hot cheetos five
grams up back that's great
isn't that amazing that's amazing hell
yeah 34 pieces I'm with it Thank You
Julia wherever you are oh there you are
Thank You Julia for getting me these
snacks yeah you know I honestly uh
yesterday I was on the toilet and I went
on the toilet because I was peeing oh oh
you know what thanks for the information
by the way welcome so I love like
checking on my to-do list okay what do I
needed to do and I'm like scrolling down
as like by part o oven-baked flamin hot
cheetos thank you oh shoot I had to go
do that so as I finish peeing I want to
wash my hands and I left and then I was
like okay what place would actually sell
them cuz I don't remember seeing them in
Ralph's so I just went over to target
and likely they had it thank you so much
are you gonna have them order to the
office ee z ER oh we actually have snack
size ones that are gonna be ordered to
the office and
hell yeah so I got you four bags or like
it last you thank you thank you very
much II what we did how come no one told
me
who eats them um but they're in snack
size cuz they came in one of those
variety pack thingy remember because I
Isaac wanted so much he knows and I'm
like obvi we don't have any we only have
these oven big one he's like wait till
he gets older and it gets on a diet he's
gonna be like damn give me some of that
oven baked stuff you know what's crazy
about the oven baked though what only
the life expectancy is in that long what
it was into they died like it tastes
funny
cuz I'm filmin yeah yeah yeah cuz I
remember there's a time on bar when
you're like eating some like oven baked
Lay's barbeque chips or something yeah
this tastes funny
yeah and like I ate can't even realize
how the oh that's probably because it
might have been expired or like it's
just it just isn't that good anymore two
months I think it's a cry I'll kill it
what the hell are you eating oatmeal
yeah is that from Mickey D's and what is
that yes okay even though they have this
option until I looked online for reals
it's really good there's cinnamon
raisins like dates or something it's
pretty fancy that is dope are you ready
to shoot JK news for the first time on
our new set yeah it's so freakin crazy
I was like Oh what is the last night I
was thinking cool so we're gonna have
TVs how do I play with it I'll put the
pictures on in the video we do got TVs
all over there and over there BAM
professional look at all these crazy as
expensive cameras on Thomas it cost but
I know they cost a lot well I'm excited
for the news topics for this week what
they're good um I I personally I'm just
excited just to see your guys you know
what I'm excited for so before we used
to uh you pull up your UNT if you guys
pull up the picture on your laptop and
then to show us the picture of video you
got to turn it around it looks kind of
bootleg I always thought I was kind of
bootleg but I was like we don't really
have a media solution for this so let's
just focus on entertainment and the
energy right but now you guys don't have
to do that anymore you bum turn around
on the motherfucking TV and we can see
it immediately like it's a real
you'll real show this is crazy we're
like building our own Hollywood it's not
insane
Sam's walk Michael has been the man of
the hour
he's been killing it behind the scenes
trying stressing out going to bed really
late
not with hookers Michael is the MVP
though he kills it Joe was telling me
you were like here like until 2:00 a.m.
like every day and then you'll be the
first one back here yeah I feel like
these days I'm so exhausted that like my
throat's hurting because I never have
time to sleep
oh sorry Michael you sure it's not from
the STD yes
okay because I have it that time
okay fine we love you Michael
small bear yeah what are you doing
sitting on the floor outside of the
office I'm letting this guy which guy
guy where do we get the rough from out
there all he's so cute I know he's like
thin and stuff what I don't want him to
be in his own shit
where did you get this rap from oh all
right so yesterday we had a JK party
yeah and it was such you feel he box
keep this guy why the ninja it was a
touchy-feely challenge yeah
what is that it's essentially a box yeah
with two holes in the side or the person
that's putting their arms inside of this
box they can't see anything
but there's an audience in front of you
yeah and then in the box has like a
plexiglass front so the audience can see
what you're about to touch yeah person
that's touching stuff can't seem if
they're about it so you oh you could
only feed off of the audience's reaction
yeah and just what you think you're
touching so thanks everyone's just
freaked the fuck out you know cuz you
only depending on your sense of uh feel
yeah so Casey's snake eats fewer rats
oh and he's these guys so we asked Casey
like hey when was the last time your
snake at eight and he's like oh it's a
month ago and it's about time that they
eat do you want me to buy a rat and
before I give it oh my god it's being
like a ditch party holy fuck I'm only
looking a little like been holding it or
something little pooper dupes Oh cute so
then he was saying you know it's it's
time for her to eat so maybe before we
kill the rat or like not kill the Reich
easy to the tiller out um before we feed
there before we feed the snake like you
guys can use the food around right
alright fuck I don't want to see it like
I know it's the Nate it's the circle of
life snake needs to eat how was it going
to eat I get it so then I'm like we just
don't let me see it so we did the
challenge I didn't look at the freakin
rat but then I you're with the one I got
fed of the rat but then I'll as soon as
you played with it and stuff and I saw
how cute it was I'm like oh my god I've
connected with this animal now and like
it's in my care it's in my presence so
in my heart I feel like I it's it's cool
if I allow this animal to be eaten even
though I know that it's a later app it's
a feeder ID and it's for the sake of
another animals existence yeah I'm like
oh um but I'm like I can't is in my care
now I have to take care of it and we had
this yesterday so I haven't had time to
like give it anything buy anything for
it any food or anything cuz I've been
giving it some flower seeds and water
and the trail-mix are picking it out the
trail mix uni
um and then I this is all I have to have
them in cuz he can't climb out or she
had even know what it is
can't climb out of it so right now I'm
letting it because what I read last
night is they don't you got out you did
yeah yeah it's head oh uh they don't
they don't eat and shit in the same area
similar tada oh that's so smart
something okay that's oh it's drinking
water good so then I'm thinking okay
well that must be really uncomfortable
cause it's probably holding it shit oh
yeah I brought her out here lo and
behold it's holding all in shape
everyone cuz it pooped fucking like 20
of them like all over the place down
over there one over there a bunch over
here bunch of here oh you scared it my
bear you know that's how I know that
you're gonna be a good mommy how cuz
you're so nurturing and caring
especially for things that are helpless
and you just have a really big fuzzy
kind heart I'm a loser
what are you loser anything that is
helpless I am a sucker hey is that why
you like taking care of me when I'm 60
to see me like all this guy and like a
stupid moron why but then you love it
you're so cute me when I'm sick I do but
yeah look at he's taking it a little
bath now
but I like this little book I know in
doing research these rats are highly
intelligent yes there's different types
of rats like from what I've been reading
feeder rods are usually bred
they're like the weaker genetically
weaker ones and they breed those because
they're the ones that are like gonna die
really quickly or whatever um so they
they'll breed the the genetically weak
ones and then there's like the maze rats
which are those highly intelligent ones
but all of these guys are all smart
though you can train them too um oh it's
leaking water there you go buddy sorry
I've been wanting it to drink water and
it's finally drinking oh look at his
little tongue little cutie it must be
dehydrated thirsty it looks like the
uncircumcised penis uh you can train
these dogs I mean you can train these
rats like dogs
go fetch I've seen those videos yeah
though fetch they can play basketball
they can open up cages like you know how
to pull things down
um there's like even leashes I've seen
what things are really really smart they
like to play they love affection they
give affection when they get about like
this big and this is a rad that I'm
talking about so once I saw that I was
like oh my god I I like very um Foley
aminal like very unique looking animals
yeah and these are these guys are super
cute but nobody would think of having a
rat as an animal you know and I'm there
whereas a pet not I said what am I
talking about as a pet yeah
Wow it's still going this guy was really
thirsty yeah you're gonna spill it on
you buddy it's getting drunk can drunk
off the water definitely looking at you
like I don't trust you Latino whoa come
on
lot of connection Oh - there's so much
everyone is already here testing working
making sure everything is a working
proper because we've been having a
couple of problems before we had a
little bit of problems with technical
difficulties on technology so we're
starting 30 minutes earlier now just so
that they can make sure everything is a
hundred percent on point let's see who's
doing makeups probably a girl it's
always a girl doing makeup they never do
it at home I don't know why how come
girls never do makeup at home all girls
do that you know guys never come here in
jail their hair the all other hell
