what are you guys talking about
no you're more that color this color
dude you can't death and you're
colorblind what in the world it's not
even the same color what do you think
quest cruise color is like burgundy okay
so you got that right you know what the
winners are that's good I'm losing
weight dude I've been every evening
I've been eating healthy do they really
beat you guys and everything mm-hmm like
what what are the things they beat you
in no fur also orders like some stuff so
I know they just want to grab me right
that's pretty dope but I feel like they
won the Grammy for all of us like not
just dancers but just Asian America I
mean I my bad
ami uh they want it for Asian Americans
in general so I think that's hella dope
well what else did they smash you guys
that pretty much they don't got a dojo
though isn't it Australian Oh
what does Australian yeah they make the
protein bars everyone knows that's
poreotics
so what oh okay what else do they be you
guys in a BDC Emmys what else no cuz I
want to lay it out there I feel like
that you guys have them in a lot of
areas to tally so there's a BDC Emmys
that's it right like it is like in like
a quarter of his brain he like trumps
all of us he's amazing
yeah he's like a genius he is very good
at music he impressed me with his piano
skills before any casino right what else
Anthony is so they win my vote when it
comes to a better looking crew so in
terms of the truth that's you better
looking as a more handsome yeah yeah
yeah so that's a bit more subjective but
I'm just gonna go with that
I did I think you do well they're both
both crews are dominantly Asians
I think kynges kills quest when it comes
to style oh that's right sure they're
trendsetters like they're super steezy
and Quest as much as I love all of them
and they're all my friends and I think
they're all super amazing I just wait I
don't feel like I want to shop for they
shop ok give you a compliment
hmm no it's this a real one so if I were
to compare kynges and quest
I honestly think can just as wait Oprah
style you guys have a cult following
because when I look at quest even though
there are my friends they just look like
purple homeless people like all their
clothes they look like The Lost Boys but
in purple and each person is wearing a
random shit even though they're my
friends
but you guys you make me want to be a
kins I think I think deep down inside
I'm a closet Kinjo I want to be a second
place loser
you guys have a fucking dojo there we go
no dojo what do they have some tutoring
center there they borrow from oh why
would you say that oh my god I can't
believe you said that quest one zero
really how did quest 1 1 they won the
damn show oh well they had two tries to
window you lied you told me that was the
goal you said this what we're gonna do
we're gonna have a motherfucking
business and the TV show is gonna be the
promotional arm for a motherfucking
business see that's genius that's
business savvy right there now you copy
from us go smile you little fatty
no you are so proud of yourself with
your dumb jokes don't try to take away
his honor and glory what should the
quest has not like they have no voice no
I'm super I'm super I'm super cool with
quest but the dancer but the dancers
that I built the most connection with is
Anthony I went on tour with them in
Australia and what we're in Stanford
yo homie Anthony got very similar
upbringings and we connected a lot with
Francine on the phone we're kicking it
we're kicking it the whole time I loved
Anthony I love you Anthony
you were talking about how all of us
were talking about actually that on
Instagram for females in the fitness
industry it seems like that the way for
them to grow is to kind of appease that
sexual appeal so you see like Fitness
female influencers and the ones that
have millions and millions of followers
they got their their squatting in one
video and another video they got butt
cheeks hanging out oh yeah but then
there's also legit athletes that don't
get enough attention then maybe they
might set world records and they're also
very pretty
but they only have like 10,000 followers
because they don't sexualize themselves
nearly enough and that's why all the key
to be a female like fitness model
Instagram is you gotta get like fake
tits
you gotta probably the light used drugs
and or stay that lead and then when we
said sexualize yourself you gotta take
like scandalous gossip like your tits
ass barely showing anything because
honestly people go on there and they
just want to kind of goggle with these
people but then there's what's weird is
they get millions of millions of
followers and I totally get that but
there's also there's a lack of like
powerful I think female role models and
the fitness industry where there's like
individuals like for America's mad
adapters she does have a good fall in
like a couple hundred thousand but it's
nowhere near they're like eight million
ten million but these other girls get
and she's you know has a great physique
she's hella strong there's a lot of
female weight lifters that are very
pretty but I just don't get the credit I
feel you're not yeah they're not willing
to basically sexualize themselves and I
commend them for that it's like we're
talking about that we looked her well
hood Kostova which isn't saying I can't
fucking front squat this she does like
420 pounds and 130 pounds like nothing
and that video gets maybe 50,000 views
and then you'll have like some girl just
doing like a quarter squash only
and they'll get like three million views
I think I think it's closer
the female fitness industry in ways that
Instagram models are closer to the kinda
like the porn industry and like I think
so
then then you know actually being
powerful role models like these are
people maybe you want to aspire to be
these are people that guides fat too but
it's not the you know places were like
well it's like God like I want to you
know I want to be strong like her I want
to like you know be successful like her
it's just like yeah like maybe if I get
fake tits then guys will follow me is
like I guess the lesson they learned
oh yeah I think I mean it's an
undercover hidden element for sure like
any guy we're talking about this out
with Bart it's like guys can't blow up
on Instagram for male fitness unless
essentially a babe might use to heavily
use because what's normal it's just
boring right because any guy could get
like a like a six-pack decent shape
whatever fuck that say they want the
cover model look right so when they look
up guys they want to like a really
muscle-bound do that it's just like kind
of cool and so guys teens when they look
at that they normal is just too boring
because it's achievable it's something
they can feel they could reach they want
kind of that unrealistic expectation
look like Arnold so the same idea with
guys but that's way more boring yeah the
same the the mentality is kind of like
if you who would you rather like learn
how to drive a car from a NASCAR race
car driver or just a regular driver
school instructor you know so when these
guys are trying to like get coaching
from someone they want someone that's
kind of beyond what they want to achieve
because they're thinking that okay if
you're only able to take your body up to
this level then you can only help me
halfway but if I can get someone that
looks super jacked super lean super rip
veins all over the place and this guy
really knows what he's talking about and
because of that a lot of guys and girls
in the fitness industry they're all on
so we're not all but a majority of them
are on steroids just because the
business and no one talked about that
no one thought there's no transparency
one because people just simply don't
want to admit what they're on because
they feel no one else is talking about
us and then maybe they feel inferior but
you also there's a negative stigma
towards steroids 3 if people actually
this is the big one that they knew what
it took to achieve that physique then
their shitty supplements they sell or
whatever they're like programs there are
work out things that don't actually work
they want to make any money off of it
because the whole industry were kind of
crumble right it's built on false
expectations and realities I feel so
angry about it because I think I didn't
really think that females would actually
that's also because the average person
doesn't know that there are many
different kinds of steroids - yeah so
like one of our mentors he's my mentor
mark bell like what I really like about
him is that he's very open about his
steroid use and so when he talks about
steroids like he let me know that it's
all kinds of steroids and one of the
most popular ones for a female
influencers on like Instagram is anavar
it's super light it keeps the tummy
really tight and it keeps you lean all
year round and because of that a lot of
girls if they want more clients or if
they want more followers then if your
body is your business then that's kind
of like what they're more inclined to do
not every store is gonna make you grow
an Adam's apple again you do what you
want to do do for whatever reason
there's also athletes that definitely
use as their goal to try and increase
their strength but it's just the idea
that then they try and promote bullshit
like a detox tea or something down like
for that like for them saying that's
what made them lose weight like that the
thing that made you lose 99.9 percent
and then your training and all those
other things
girls like who do
a sum and this you like doing the detox
TV commercial what like it's no big deal
it's just that you're not admitting the
huge thing that you're actually doing in
order to get lean so that's the big
issue there's there's a lack of
transparency honesty and it kind of just
perpetuates then the myths in the
industry because then people will grow
up they see these images and ever
remember when I first saw them Arnel on
my shit I look like fuck it all right
he's Jack and then then you find out
afterwards I watched that documentary
pumping iron and then my friend at the
gym told me think you know like he's not
natural though man I'm like what do you
mean like all right you said he was
natural for like that commercial he said
he was like and so you find these things
out and it's kind of you find out the
hard way so you get a disenfranchise to
kind of get disillusioned as a result
and so there's and people just knew the
amount of effort or lack of effort the
sis's they use I think they're just
change everything and I think it's just
uh it's kind of sad to think that like
Fitness is supposed to you know make you
more healthy yeah healthy make you feel
better about yourself give you a
vitality energy like the exuberance just
like overall give you more energy and
instead we're kind of conveying it as
like like who could look the sexiest
right like yeah wear the skimpiest
outfit for the most likes the average
person is like you so if they don't know
you know so if you see like a really
lean like very in shape fitness model
and you go oh she drinks this tea like
the average person isn't gonna be like
oh there's clear signs of anavar usage
or there's clear signs of this usage
you're just gonna be like yeah you're
just gonna be like oh cool this tea
helps detox well I'm gonna buy this tea
and the same thing with me like when I
first started working out like one of my
idols at the time was Ronnie Coleman and
I didn't have no idea I had no idea that
people took steroids don't even know
what it was I'm just like oh okay so I
gotta eat a lot of chicken strips and
eat a lot of creatine and I can be 300
pounds one day no and then I figure out
later on that it's not the creatine it's
not the supplements that they're selling
that help them a lot of it has to do
with the enhancements which is the
steroids
like when it there's a ton of different
ones when I think of service I just
think of like yeah hi just Oscar I'm
like were like you start develop
somewhere strength-based some are
cardio-based some help you get lean
yeah it's they're all different that's
what you think Lance Armstrong as an
example it's like when we look at people
they think you know steroids I think big
muscle dude but Lance Armstrong with is
like blood doping and stuff he looks
like just a regular individual right
there's so many like a lot of Olympic
caliber athletes do you use
performance-enhancing drugs but they
don't look anything out of the ordinary
so a lot of these have Fitness females
some signs of overuse but they go on
they go on like Winnie or whatever yeah
and out there's a voice essentially
drops in so they go for me go and like
their voice chant at part there's some
permanent alterations but like you don't
see it looking just at the photos
because you just think like damn like
she's always in shape and then you
follow a snapchat and it would took
everybody how is your day Bart like just
being on Naturals in the industry kind
of in a way is an uphill battle because
if you wanted to make a lot of money
essentially what you do is go on claim
your natural or just don't talk about it
and then sell to people that are too you
know naive because they just don't know
because it's not publicly available they
want to believe like everybody does want
to believe you know like it's kind of
like believing like this guy oh you're
the dead basically he's actually pretty
cool is the same idea they want to
believe that you can achieve those
results yeah normal is it auntie because
normal isn't good enough anymore I mean
me Omar and Simon my core like The Last
of the Mohicans and that's also why we
look like shit except for Omar most
brilliantly right now bro I'm pretty
good 120 pounds part you're gonna get
there
you're already leaning out like a lot we
saw that pool effect in the hot tub
don't lie what perfect I mean you got
inside we we've seen you shirtless part
I've seen the progress the proof is in
the photos that you posting slowly but
surely bro that's the only goal
yeah I'm gonna maintain that a gonna
bench damn near 40 pounds fuck you saw
Mike got there before all of us did a
great job but uh that's the idea you
want it you want to be a positive role
model yeah a real and I think that's why
we all kind of get along is because
that's what we hate the industry by any
stretch well there's just so much
bullshit in it that it kind of brings
people together
yeah we just want to have a little bit
more integrity in what we do I mean it's
not hard to find it's not hard to find
but there are some like tell telltale
signs so like if someone is like super
lean year-round
either you are one the genetic and
metabolic elite for your body to look
like that or you have enhancements to
health because it's very very hard to be
3 to 5 percent all year around and
you're female when females naturally
have more adipose tissue so they use
there's always kind of non excuses when
they throw up a smoke screen like I'm in
the gym every day I do this I do that
supply from known a lot of the people in
the industry they either link up they
don't train that hard because we're
actually cuz we're actually friends with
a lot of them so we know a lot of
insider secrets so we go to these shows
and the same girls that are saying oh we
just ate chicken and broccoli we're all
getting pizza together afterwards I'll
get fucked up drinking a lot like I
think a lot of bad happens so that's the
whole point like Fitness is supposed to
make you healthier feel better and so
it's an illusion they're promoting
something were it seems like they're
giving a good image but it's all built
on a house of nothing cuz I go eat pizza
with these guys and I turn out looking
the way I do and these guys look the way
they do anything about that part just
final thing then is that where people
always accuse us they're like oh you
guys have bad genetics I'm like no we
have very normal gender
I think we're we're if you train from
untrain a person training several years
this is how you should look like yeah
the people were like well why do you
look like this guy well because he's on
a lot of shit because he's on two grams
of test a week yeah I did it's not his
extra hard training but we all bust our
ass you work like 60 or 70 hours a week
in the end you still train at least four
times per week you know yeah it's not
through lack of effort discipline or
genetics that there's a big disparity in
the physiques
people that are exactly like you we
don't get a real roaster out here this
dude makes a living doing this shit
Steve green no no yeah how was Tim's
10-year anniversary roast ma bear it was
freakin hilarious like I don't really
know a lot of the people that work there
personally so Steve green
I don't really know it's constant too
much I do know Harley but I never knew
him outside of Epic Meal Time yeah um
Rick killed it like Rick just looked
like off the dome he was just like Bruce
comment being hilarious fucked like I
always thought he was really gonna bet
he was that funny yeah you're roasting
him right now no no no no I just didn't
think it was as funny as he was tonight
oh fuck he was killing it cuz it's it's
a different vibe when you have the roast
people and you're doing it live and
you're playing off of other people it's
a different talent like I think that's a
very unique art form and a very hard
talent to have so yeah that you did it
and he did it so smoothly
effortlessly icky didn't fumble on his
words he didn't stutter she was perfect
and yeah people went in like they were
like saying stuff that I felt
uncomfortable for Tim's girlfriend cuz
like but that's what a real roast is
hooter grill roast so the fact that I
was feeling uncomfortable for his
girlfriend that's just innocent
bystander that is getting pulled into a
lot of his past look like being like I'm
cheating on his girlfriend sleeping with
a lot of girls and groupies and underage
girls I don't know if that's sure or not
but that was just part of the growth I
was just thinking like oh damn this
roast is for real like this is some
Comedy Central type of shit cuz they're
not holding back at awesome yeah Larry
it's like I was crying because I was
laughing so hard before all this started
my favorite part actually was just the
reunion aspect like I saw so many people
here that I haven't seen in over three
years two years you know five years and
it's really cool to just be able to see
that through Tim all of us who know him
we're all able to come here and hang out
one more time it's really really cool I
don't know when the last time I saw wax
was I don't know the last time I saw
Megan batoon I remember the last time I
saw Arica I don't know last time I saw
Andrew Garcia but it was I saw all of
them here yeah everyone's here and like
he's just a really humble generous dude
that's always like if he's not part of
one particular circle and if that's not
his clique yeah like I feel like
everyone is part of his like everyone's
part of his circle and he brings all of
us together even though we all come from
different walks of life different
background different content creators
it's really cool like he's bringing
everyone together cuz you know you know
you asked me to roast them too
he did yeah but I told no yeah I just I
don't know I'm not good at talking shit
yeah so and then like Tim so lovable you
know that like for me it's really hard
for me to come up with a material to
talk shit like that's just not my style
of comedy yeah I'd enjoy watching it
especially when they're really really
clever like she's green and hardly what
killed it
wax kill it with this song
and then Rick you shucks was really good
in between hosting is off the dome yeah
and then PD flow killed it with its
delivery either and so this show yeah so
like I didn't want to do it just because
that's not my style of Connor's pie
that's a bath that's not something I'm
good at so I just told them on my god
I'll be there but I'm not I'm not good
at that kind of David was here I think
they better what I killed it because
everyone was boasting David even though
he wasn't here the most basic roasts
never like marshmallow man margarita
Mike opera you know you could tell
you're white but if David was he would
have fired back but it's also David's
fault he didn't have to fucking go to do
that stupid show wherever he's at
Florida he went to go do some fuck David
he went to go do some stupid show in
Florida instead of hanging out with this
friend finding how come we decided not
to wear just your sexy outfit in your
wore the green shirt look at that sexy
ass office no I'm not I just will to its
true feeling like I'm not that type of
girl like I don't feel comfortable like
showing so much skin so there needs to
be a balance I felt like this is already
a lot yeah and then the fact that it's
really tighter I feel like it's kind of
a lot so this right now is like me
trying to get out of my comfort zone and
like not slut it up it just you know I'm
just kind of like you
fine I love you mom Betty papi I'm star
meter this was really fun though I kinda
wanna a roast for like my 10-year or
something or my 20 year but I'm also
scared they go in would you wanna roast
no like a real roll star everyone is
already here testing working making sure
everything is working properly been
having a couple of problems before we
had a little bit of problems with
technical difficulties on technology so
we're starting 30 minutes earlier now
just so that they can make sure
everything is a hundred percent on point
let's see who's doing makeups probably a
girl it's always a girl doing makeup
they never do it at home I don't know
why how come girls never do makeup at
home all girls do that you know guys
never come here in gel their hair they
all go to hell
