this video is sponsored by Tibetan bean
meal Oh what were you doing over there I
knew you're up to no good work she's
going meatloaf where are you going
me love did you do something bad you're
running away from me like it did
something bad work where are you going
now me love work work ma what are you
doing
meatloaf brought me to you he told me go
look at what ma bears doing and me love
just stop right here what game is this
oh you know this game what do play this
play Isaac what the first one I think
you played is a matching game right but
this one's called besties forever that
is it you're good
Isaac ran off all the way down there and
yeah so you're playing best fiends
forever
yeah the first one is just like a
matching game so they had like meats and
stuff yeah get the magic flowers hold on
I'm gonna beat this guy I'm on like
level 25 right now you should be a
drummer I don't like my shoulder hurts
so bad you move her hands pretty fast
yeah yeah what if you clap the phone
baby well that look this is where you
rescued my buddy but this is a newer one
because they have a trilogy of these
this was the best things forever okay to
save your little buddy so think about it
as whack-a-mole wacom okay yeah you know
what a little weasels would pop up like
a trip to cheese games yeah smack em so
you have to tap it yeah you have to be
really fast because then you get to
level up but look I'm gonna beat them
and I get to save my little friends so
so far look hold on I am lucky kid
telling me to look I'm looking the whole
time cuz I I it so the little guy on the
right his name's brittle ya saved him
from these like slug vibes oh my body
don't stop and then the other guys quick
see who I also kill it Quincy's helping
me oh my god my frickin powerlifter
fingers I know I think too hard watch
I'm gonna save my little friend okay
save your friend then but what's really
cool is that it's interactive yeah and
then you or anyone watching this video
can actually try to beat me what's your
score right now right now I have about a
hundred and twenty thousand points that
I've collected is that a lot I'm on
level 25 that sounds like a lot Oh hold
on it really hurts you can switch over
your thumb now ya wit with your thumb
babe are you serious you're gonna try to
pee the game anyway what's also cool you
trying to beat a game with your thumb so
that's your thumb yeah
and that's because half of it is a
finger now don't get don't don't get
full guys that's really her thumb right
there and all that no why are you even
using your thumb here no it's not not
yours
well anyway um and you can also download
it for free which is super cool it's a
free game yeah I got to download it um
sorry it's so intense so if you guys
want to download it I'm actually I put
it in the description so you guys can
play against me try to beat my spores
look at this hug for communities
that's so cute that Isaac man he's
awesome so he knows all the fun stuff
yeah so yeah not to be confused with
best fiends the first one this is best
fiends forever yeah this is besties
forever and it's so fun like I don't
believe you don't have to be a gamer you
don't have to do any of that stuff it's
just literally whack-a-mole I think I
can I pretty I'm pretty sure I not to
play the game now I'm walking watching
you and II just got a attack the guy
that's in the middle of the screen and
freakin call me cuz the graphics are
super cute it's very colourful um it's
very funny like everyone is super
excited like we'll get the little
bigoted characters they look so cute
yeah look at little brittle on the right
oh my god I'm never gonna end
how do you beat this game up you're
gonna be at this forever you haven't
even finished your lunch it baby how to
eat your lunch I will thank you you're
distracting me now will me yeah okay if
I go by and she keeps playing endpoint
keeps playing and playing and playing
and playing and playing just airplane
everyone is already here testing working
making sure everything is a working
proper cuz we've been having a couple of
problems before we had a little bit of
problems with technical difficulties on
technology so we're starting 30 minutes
earlier now just so that they can make
sure everything is a hundred percent on
point let's see who's doing makeups
probably a girl it's always a girl doing
makeup they never do it at home I don't
know why how come girls never do makeup
at home all girls do that
no guys never come here and show their
hair they all show their home so the JK
news set looks way more professional
than it ever has but it's still a work
in progress what are some of the other
things that we're still trying to do
some trial and error and fix well
immediately when I saw the video I was
like the sound is fucking weird like
there's something about the sound and we
had to you know get can on board to help
us with the sounds got that big ass
mixer over there you have to combine
boom and love so we can get the room
noise we could get everyone's voices and
a little bit of reverb and all that
stuff yeah cuz the lives were just it
was so clear that it sounded not
realistic huh it was a bit muffled - oh
the the sound in here is so soundproof
and Nappanee yeah
unrealistic sound ISO it's too clean to
the point where everyone is like in
little boxes I see yeah and so we got
that boom over there so the sound
travels yeah yeah and then
another thing we might do is build a big
like window right there yeah so you know
people can be like oh they could work in
there and they won't interfere with our
filming yep and decorations and stuff we
like it but then you know we're looking
around well if we might change it I
don't know that light it gets blown out
blowing out meaning like all the white
and everything just gets super bright
because we can't control the light yeah
so I would like a dimmer and more faces
or whatever yeah that thing is like so I
don't know we just decided to leave it
off I like with the light light on but
there's like all these little things you
know yeah we decided to put shirts on
these guys cuz there's too much like
flesh color there with red back there
yeah so the work in progress on lots of
work that's nice cool yeah it was a
blessing and it's dope and it's super
professional but like all things more
money more problems more new ship more
problems and there's just a lot of
fine-tuning how do you feel about our
new place Gina's your first time here
right I really like it a lot I think um
I think this is exactly what you guys
need for a longest time you guys outgrew
the other place and this is gonna be
really good for you guys and I'm looking
forward to the rest of it is how do you
feel that you're in a on a more
professional set now um I kind of Miss
the old set I'm not gonna feel different
doesn't feel different all right I mean
it doesn't feel different because he was
all no guys still but we still act
ourselves we don't act like hey welcome
to dream nose yeah so I feel like if you
guys were to bring new people on set you
like we shit this is fucking don't you
know what's crazy they think our shit is
scripted or they really because like um
they don't they're not used to seeing us
on in the wide and all that stuff they
said that like our Marmara communication
and the way that we're talking to each
other it seems like they can scream
there is no way we can act that good and
do memorize 40 fucking scripts a day
yeah seriously I and I like that the
fans cuz I
the first episode of you guys here I
like the fans very notice all the new
things like moving cameras and the lobs
and the sound everything so yeah little
by little B Troy the ad is telling us to
wrap it up so we gotta start filming
again she's just really smart and really
disciplined about sports in high school
all-state everything so she guys was
like she was the the Trailblazer and I
kind of just fall behind no you're
killing it what the hell are you talking
about like you've just been you haven't
even been with the company for a year
and you're ready smashing it like I
don't know how long it takes people to
even move into like the corporate side
like if they're in the gym it's for good
reason like they're either killing it at
the gym or you know time doesn't
