girl stop agent Lee keel are you doing
right now right now working on some
edits no that's about it
nice I'm right here chillin with all the
true homies Marie airing in you all
right uh what were you trying to tell me
about last night all right so last night
I was freaked out but prior to last
night two days two nights before prior
to last night that make sense but how
was your alone working you know do my
thing and no one was here and I knew
that for a fact because I think actually
when I came in no one was here so I I
knew that means here night lock yeah
alarm de did you alarm the alarm
no not it act like I don't I think like
it's an emotion a sensor yeah you would
know so go off the alarm so that's why I
don't put too long but I like to go all
the time being them on the bottom when
I'm alone just in case something happens
so I would just happen to have the music
you know playing on the speaker and then
I hear like some weird noise like it
sounded like someone was like banging on
the leaves and I'm like freaking out so
I like I slowly like you know talk to me
feel like when you're something freaky
it I usually turn off everything right
so I you wait for the next sound to hear
right and I'm like shit someone has to
be here no one was here so I go over
there to the cabin II where Aaron has
his freaking 20 and swords so I could
get it and then I started walking out
put all the lights on such every room
see if anyone's there and my heart like
pumping pumping I'm nervous because like
something happens you know I'm like I
don't my reaction I don't know what I'm
gonna do but I'm so freaked out he might
stab somebody yes that anyone
hopefully
I come in a stager true so I already
freaked out I try to get back into work
but all they're too scared because you
know when you get freaked out every
little sound you hear you're like oh
fuck fuck
so I got all my stuff left home and then
last night it came again but the demon
Evan were only here Sol's are ok cool
they're gonna be here and I started
working there like you're worthy I'm
leaving or we're leaving
what time was this at this is maybe like
10 o'clock or 9 o'clock at night like
around around 10:00 and I'm like in my
head I'm like no again cuz you were
gonna be left by yourself
yeah cuz I was going to be left by
myself and then they didn't know that I
was like scared tuned up to a nice part
of things
yeah they don't know about that last
incident right yeah so these guys are
telling me oh yeah Michael has a Ouija
board in his room and I'm like no tell
me that shit
I hate which boards like seriously I see
which where I get freaked out like why
why not need it somewhere so many pass
stories up like her dough is just crazy
so nothing's happened to you personally
has happened to me personally but this
stuff has happened to like friends that
I've known and it's like oh my god give
me one story alright so my friend's mom
she paid a Ouija board when she was like
young like real quick though she Mexican
she's mixed alright I'll give you more
details up to that anyway go alright so
she was like I don't know 18 and I know
that she wouldn't like to us or maybe
she is but she said that when she played
with her friends it was like for them
and they were playing when they're I
guess like her friend's parents went out
of town so they kept playing it and they
said that nothing freaky happened but
the next day at the friend's house all
the furniture of that places house was
all in a pile in the living
shut it's like how can that happen you
know and then just like that's right now
I'm getting goosebumps just hearing it
because that's just fucking freaky so
these guys tell me that shit
and I'm I know they'll tell me that
they're like why
then I tell them like the reason why and
they're like now they're freakin egging
egging me on that all do like it's gonna
come back oh they're teasing me yeah
they're all teasing in that they tell me
they're gonna scare me
and I'm like Hawking did you know like I
shouldn't show no weakness because it
means I do get me yeah so these guys are
like all ready to come back and scare
you watch I'm like now I do coupons if I
watch I'm gonna get a knife and I'm just
glad you guys and I'm sick turf all I
learned you that's true and yeah so I
was just freaking freaking out and I try
to get to work that the idea for you
know like two hours but then I'm just
like in the back of my mind okay my
palms are getting sweaty you know for
two hours you stayed by yourself and
work yeah and also I really like Scarah
I don't know if I can do this anymore
because like I kept thinking about it
and every time I keep thinking about it
like my mind goes elsewhere like she's
like fucking crazy town yeah dharak in
my pock so I said you know a fucking
screw this I'm gonna go home and I'll
just go ahead at at home I can do this
shit right now because I I guess now I'm
traumatized that I can't work at night
here's what do you think the Ouija board
does though I guess you're not playing
it even if you're not playing it I just
feel like it's still like an evil thing
to have like someone near you because I
don't know some evil spirits will see
that and they'll just try to fuck with
you or something like I just I should we
believe that so then so do you know
where they sell these Ouija boards nope
um to be honest no but I've heard they
sold it before torture rods
yeah they I think they still do and I
feel like they still sell it at Target
yeah that's so weird to me you know
because I think we G board is something
you do not play with because you never
know what's gonna happen
yeah I think if you believe in that
something's going to happen to you so
then you're saying something might
happen to you that because you believe
it if I play if I play it yeah but if
like maybe something just comes out of
that box some fucking energy or
something comes and wants a fucking
people around it you just never know
just never fucking know that's I I would
never play the Ouija board never so
there is effort well you never played it
ever ever ever name is kid no is a
fucking funny yeah uh so I'm with you so
I'm going to save this real quick so I'm
definitely with you and the reason why I
asked if um the person was Mexican or
not was well close up yeah were you at
oh yeah the reason why I asked if the
person was Mexican or not was because we
believe in like the crazy shit so we
believe in ethically we believe in like
Moroni which is what like she bloody no
not Bloody Mary what is she why do you
wait later that's why I guess like this
children odd or something yeah so she
killed her she killed her kids in the
rivers I'm sure like that is like the
the urban legend and these are all just
urban legends but I swear to you and I
feel like you would agree that um in
Mexico you're going to hear stories of
every single house that you go to that
like oh the spirit has visited them and
someone pulled their leg and we have all
these stories I've never even grown up
with him I don't know what what his
child was like but those are the stories
all Mexicans shared like oh you better
go to sleep earlier or cui's gonna get
you or a watch out what's under the bed
he's gonna grab your ankle so there's
all these stupid like folklore type
things that they always teaches and they
scare the crap out of us and then it one
of the things is don't play with the
Ouija board because that's controlled by
the devil and like I remember one time I
played it in fifth grade and i neva
wanna play it so please so you had
well hold on so I don't believe in that
stuff I don't believe in it well maybe I
do believe it in a little bit because I
I want to say don't believe it but then
I don't say it's fake because I feel
like like aliens exist and I do feel
like there's another realm or something
where spirits might exist I've never
seen one I have never had an encounter
with one um but I have a couple weird
stories and it's gonna get kind of scary
but the first one is when I was in sixth
grade it was a rainy day so we couldn't
have recess outside some had put on the
inside it was around October so of
course someone brought a Ouija board and
like let's play let's play and you
already knew at this age at the reason
were the wheat though Ouija board was
already really fucking scary it was bad
because it calls upon spirits all of
that right so they're like let's blaze
play so peer pressure got the best of me
I put my hand on that little thing
that's supposed to move or whatever I
put my hand on that and I'm already like
trying to tell myself like dude these
kids are gonna move it they're gonna
move it they're gonna try to focus me
their dad so that already got me so
scared that as soon as I touched it I
like forget it I'm not playing and I
never play so I never officially played
it but I was in a room when they played
it and I saw them play and then when I
saw them like moving it and asking
questions I'm like now I'm getting out
so that was my experience with them now
my experience with the ghost with the
ghost was actually cool I believe you do
oh my god well I don't know well you'll
be the judge of this one so my sister my
older sister I she had just gotten
married and they bought a house and they
bought this house in Alhambra and it was
about a house that was probably built in
the 50s all right so it was one of those
old schools where the windows you you
have to like um the windows are so
old-school it's the kind of yet to like
lift up from the bottom it's like wood
and you like prop it up you know I'm
talking about okay so they had those
type of windows everything was made out
of like would still like it was like
those craftsmen homes like it looks
old-school um so I assume that the
insulation wasn't good because this
house was always cold it was in a
coldest sack on the hill always cold
right so everything's cool nothing's
wrong at this point um it has two
bedrooms one of them is a master bedroom
which is my sister and her husband would
sleep
and the other one is the kids bedroom
and that particular room this is from
personal experience was always cold like
this room was fucking cold but I just
thought it was cold because when the Sun
rises and sets it never hits that corner
which makes sense right
scientifically that makes sense so I was
like okay old house the Sun never hits
it I can see why this room is always
cold so then cut to maybe the kids are
all there's three of them no two of them
at this time one of them is four they're
the ones like five and a half all right
so they go to sleep and in the middle of
the night they would start crying they
get woken up you with me still so they
get woken up right and they're crying to
my sister and they're like mom mom the
lady on fire wants to keep playing with
us I said she's like what are you
talking about like come on just just
stop like you I don't know what you guys
are watching I have to monitor the shit
that you're watching because your
imaginations went crazy right so this
happened for like several weeks where
they would cry wake up oh she still want
to leave us alone like she just wants to
play with us like can you just tell her
to stop again they're four and five and
a half so you don't really think much of
it cuz kids are crazy they have
imaginary friends right
so then cooked a few months later um my
sister and her husband are sleeping and
she hears a voice go inside the house it
goes hey like that
um so her husband wakes up naturally and
he gets like a gun or bad or something
cuz he was like shit they're trying to
rob us right now
cuz it's inside our house so he goes and
he's like looking with the flashlight he
has a bat in his hand there's no one
inside the house but the kids are crying
so like what happened what happened it's
like that lady on fire again like she
doesn't leave us alone like she just
keeps trying to push us yeah to do it so
then she called the the girls that do
like kiddie or whatever like a lady she
comes in the room and
up and she's like feeling every single
room she's like okay this house is cool
but then she goes into the kids room she
says this room is haunted
yeah dude she was this room is haunted
and a lady uh burnt in this room I think
it was like a murder or something I
think her husband like abused her and
stuff and in that room killed her and he
burned her alive and um my sister was
never told about this story because I
think in California after for like after
a certain time passes they that part of
that house history they don't have to
disclose it to you so that's why she
never knew about that stuff so she did
her research that in that was true so
then when that Buca di lady did her like
cleansing um and this is me feeling it
and I again I don't really believe in
this stuff so then the following week I
go over already scared something I don't
want to go in your house with all this
evil spirits and shit so I go into her
house and I walk into that room and now
that room feels exactly like the rest of
the house it's not cold anymore in that
crazy so I never personally had a ghost
encounter but that was the closest that
I had to it and then just feeling the
temperature change was what tripped me
out the most I mean I never a kind of
ghost either but I just really believe
that shit because like all the stories
that people say is like like yeah people
make up stuff but there's a certain time
where people who do not make up stuff
right yeah it has to be something truth
you know not everyone is crazy
yeah because there was a story with my
uncle said that when my uncle whoa his
brother passed away he woke up in the
middle
and he felt like someone was like
stepping on the mattress oh my God look
at that happen you freaked out he
thought it was me twice to mess around
monk Oh a lot any title things are
working out and then like he kept saying
that but like like nothing and just went
away and then you went back to sleep on
when you woke up you fought like
pressure and then he fought someone like
Jeff attack his shoulder down he was
freaked out and I can run out the house
I don't remember this because I go in my
house I'm like where the fuck he's
running out he said really submission
with me and I'm like mouse I put the
foot and I got like my arm I've been
around full time my mom's again he's
meeting the whole time and like
everyone's like freaking out like my
uncle like tripping out like but what
the fuck but you know and at that point
oh my god what the fuck and into that
day like are doing my shit until this
day me to this day
damn talk so I'm like goddamn why the
hell which board here and two days prior
to this that happen on my know so like I
don't think work here anymore anymore
until we move out to Ouija board so
maybe I talk about the Ouija board for
sure and I know for a fact is not here
and maybe we'll see fun I'll have
Michael move it to the to the new office
then I never even thought of the Ouija
board but I also leave when everyone's
still here yeah like for me I have to be
here alone
that's when I worked the most efficient
I get dad's work done yeah I'm at least
distracted yeah I have to be in I guess
situations like that yeah yeah yeah so
that's how my and no one's interviewing
for you for their vlog and shit oh all
right no nothing Bad's gonna happen I
feel it like I could feel the energy in
rooms and the energy and this spot feels
good I'm not tripping mean I just get
goose pond that's need for that story so
it's like me getting goose bumps it was
ready letting me know that I don't know
like maybe that really happened
and that's fucking true and I'm like
freaking out no I just think it's the
bombs outside there's a lot of bumps oh
like that did that yeah and you probably
heard it and you thought that sound
sounded similar to the leaves rattling
yeah that might be true yeah you're good
and there's a lot of cats out here -
there's a shit ton of cats like feral
cats like strays yeah I'm not gonna
freak in don't even think about it and I
think about it I'm gonna put headphones
on if I die I know stupid you're not
gonna die no never no we both are crazy
this is this was from Charlie
what are we doing on this set side so we
got to do some ADR some voiceover stuff
for this new barn up we'll get video
that we just shot and because we got to
do voice overs we don't have any legit
sound equipment at the new JK office yet
it's all at the old JK office this was
like an impromptu theme so we're like
what can we do and we're like oh shit we
got a hella dead sounding place because
we have a studio I mean you can hear
that the sound is gonna be amazing no
echo there's no echo so we're like why
don't we shoot it in the studio we're
about to do some voiceover for Barbra
gate video and the JK motherfucking
studio yeah yeah yeah so I'm gonna show
you guys what's about to go down for
this thing called ADR aka voiceover work
and we always ask him and he never knows
oh yeah yeah audio started recording or
uh replacement it's oh you started off
so strong well he said no so I was
really always think it's audio dialogue
replacement but it's not always thought
of it is not it's uh it's more technical
founder than that well well he ball he
googles it what what goes down in the
ADR sesh so basically we didn't record
audio during the shoot and and that's
not because it was a mistake is
purposely because one audio usually slow
your production down it's like oh we got
a hole through the airplane that's
flying above are we going to hold for
the people that's walking around the
corner over there
you're gonna hope you get over that but
you're not shooting audio it's as long
as the pictures good everything you can
go you know and so it speeds up
everything and because there's no
dialogue in this commercial thing that
we shot for barbell there's a no need
for audio on the day of shoot but now
that we're in the editing to beef it up
and make it really come to life we have
to record the audio accordingly to the
Edit so I have the Edit done have music
in there sound effects and the last
thing we need to do is get their voices
in and so it's just like imagining world
where you hear everything except for the
voices that's what you hear in this
video plus music and we're going to put
headphones on Gio and Bart they're going
to do like 10 to 20 burpees to get tired
real quick so they can sound
realistically tired based on their
running characters in their commercial
and then I'll play it back and they'll
just ah the whole way through noise and
I really have to do 10 to 20 burpees
burpees why not jumping jacks that
doesn't get hired
I really doesn't get higher I imagine
disparities they've been running for
like at least 40 minutes alright
Hey look really good yeah it's amazing
how fast your abs come in actually that
was unreal I still see the ABS what is
ADR stand for automated basement what if
all you that is heard of dispute
resolution wait what automated dialogue
replacement oh so this is all connected
this is a mic that are addicted to his
ears no depository receipt
it was more countable offside brush
you're tugging in your own ears Hey
burpees time
Hey
oh man I got to do the same shit
each
Oh how many you do 2000 ready alright
sweet
now just none of you are realistically
tired so I don't think you really need
to act too much just let it let yourself
that's a good sound and yeah that's it's
gonna do the work for you so just move
with him exactly and I think you're
gonna you're gonna do a good carpenter
here we go
and three two one you're already running
and playback
all right you ready babe do 20 burpees
as fast as you cannot get on my command
as you can see I did my burpees I did my
80-yard I'm fucking sweating like a
motherfucker now it's your turn all
right and we're gonna treat this like a
real cross her off on the beep and a
countdown of three you're gonna go 20
burpees as fast as you can
three two one faster three four faster
five six seven eight nine ten halfway
Levin 12 the harissa without 13 13 14 15
16 keep going
say yes 16 17 18 hurry up 19 one more oh
she didn't get the rehearsal that I did
yeah that's here oh so we'll do the
rehearsal then you get 20 burpees you
might build an L on your first one roll
it on there miracle okay you ready
let's do this she's been watching - oh
yeah true she'd be feeling yourself
yeah it helps out cuz when you can't
hear yourself I think that's when you
make like the extra noises because
you're like wait am I even here
who's laughing not me hey here we go
and this how you roll oh this is Geo
take one and
Oh
but that was really good that was really
good really good
where'd your mom with the sticky side
right there we go take two geo and
Oh
I can do
yeah
that's pretty good really really good
yay so that was really good rehearsal
did 20 burpees I'll start the two real
takes good oh yeah
look all sweaty I am yeah you run a lot
look whoa I'm just sweating like crazy
oh no we don't okay so we're actually
gonna do Foley now
Foley's when you grab items and make
them sound like other things so when
they have something uh break for example
I'll use cabbage Engel the squeeze the
cabbage in his clock there's not really
bones breaking it's a cabbage that
they're fetching oh sorry I'm bad gotten
call just a bully
turn back to step back to the top
all right so it's Friday night and
everyone is out there living life the
downtown LA life look at that
having a good time but father and myself
are up here um lounging about he's in
the jacuzzi
warming up his muscles loosening up a
bit but I didn't quite feel that today I
didn't feel like getting in a bathing
suit and I get cold really fast so I
really wasn't feeling like I wanted to
be in the jacuzzi plus my muscles aren't
aching the way he's aching I think he's
been like non-stop just filming what's
up Mike and Omar and filming for the
barbel channel and then his personal you
know training program me just been
non-stop non-stop so his body is really
beat-up right now and there's a
helicopter
somewhere
oh there it is
I don't know I didn't catch it what's
really cool now that I see helicopters I
wonder what building are they landing
from or who are they dropping off
picking up cuz for example at our
building there's a helipad and I feel
like I want to take you guys there is
some time but it's really cool
so either residents here get dropped off
or picked up from by a helicopter so
that's really cool
just living down here just has like
showed me so many different experiences
and I have so much more knowledge about
just the way people live life that it's
like wow this is so cool because I've
been in such a like bubble but anyway
yeah he's out here lounging and
massaging his muscles and I wish I could
talk to him right now but I really can't
cause there's a bunch of girls in the
hot tub that are kind of turning up and
they are getting drunk and stuff so it
won't make for a very audible experience
since we'll hear them kind of chattering
and you know I will also want to respect
their space and give them their privacy
so right now I'm just talking to you
guys and just trying to connect
um I had a really nice day how about you
guys how is your day going let me know
I'll wait I'm just kidding
um so yeah I'm going to interview him in
a little bit so that we can catch up
this is usually our catch up our as soon
as we get home we'd like to get ready
for bed whether that's going to the
jacuzzi can you here then
anyway whether that's going to the
jacuzzi or take a shower or whatever
just whatever it takes for Sun wine once
we do that or not on wine but get ready
for bed
and once we do that then we start to
snuggle fest and then we start being
very cuny with each other um and then we
get to be with one another that's the
best part of the day because it's like
we don't talk about strategy we don't
talk about business we don't talk about
work none of that is happening and we're
just bonding like two beautiful
connected Souls that we are and that
sound a cheesy as fuck I know but a lot
of you know that deep down inside I'm a
big softy for this big fucking gorilla I
call my husband um
and I can't help it like I just love him
so much but I always just like to play
around and play pretend try to act like
so hard bitch and stuff because it just
makes for funny entertainment it makes
for a really funny dynamic yeah and like
honestly like most of the time I just
really just really pisses me off
Jenny Wendy and I like to speak more I'm
like oh you motherfucker but at the end
of the day when all this is done and I
come home and I get to unwind I am so
grateful for my little hairy gorilla and
it's the best living life with him but
don't tell my setting I don't tell them
don't tell them don't tell me oh and on
a side note can I just say real quick
that the lighting out here is so nice
because I honestly look at I have like
half of my eyeliner gone right now like
this piece is gone like my face is
sweaty and breaking on it's a foot from
back here
I look
oh my god the lighting I look like a
supermodel especially cuz it's blurry
right now I look great anyway
enough
enough there
Oh
broke my ankles all right so why do we
have to put them in the Dames room
excuse you it kind of sucks but we're on
the verge getting kicked out of this
place because these guys love to bark
more thon and when they bark it's hella
loud and it disturbs the neighbors
especially during a fun time like our
like in the morning or at night so to
prevent that from happening they need to
be under supervision because the main
reason that they bark is because we're
gone and they just miss us so they want
to bark so that they can bark us back
here and work is Becky fucking cute how
do they do
yo German Shepherds are hunters so they
keep walking about and then so we put
them in the team's room so that he can
watch over them and they know okay
there's a human presence dr. Isaac
random look so funny like then I just
get really excited and I don't know
where like I'm showing him the leash me
all he knows is gonna go on you're going
through to the ball grabs a mouthful it
starts jumping away and run somewhere
else yeah I love that hilarious so I try
to avoid making a bunch of noise because
of course they're talons they don't have
traction on this third Clause talons
blown on a bird no that's on them - no
the claws I don't have talents talons
blown a bird now we got to check it out
I could have sworn there called talents
who else has talents tigers tigers lions
and bears meow no they have paws and
they have a frickin claws oh look at oh
look at the devil not paws and power
well let me look it up ok let's Google
that shit what was I gonna say you
fucked me up no idea anyway
oh yeah I remember now um so I put their
leash on over here because there's
Tyl and then here there's like this
hollow ass wood well it's not really
hollow it's pretty solid it is pretty
solid our old house was hollow but
because they don't get traction and they
have claws you can hear them clawing
away I'm trying to gain distraction so
they make a lot of fucking noise and
it's super echoing in that hole because
there's nothing there so it's super
empty um so I try to move them over here
and put their leashes on over here so I
could make less noise but then what ends
up happening is he gets excited because
he knows he's gonna bounce so he goes
here and then he darts all the way to
his food so you can grab food real quick
and then he runs back with the mouthful
and he's still so excited so then it
gets stuck in his thumb then he coughs
and he coughs it all out on the kitchen
but then he eats it and while he's
eating it at the put his leash on and
then he goes back to you go more food
anyone to go drink water no oh you could
hear him it's almost like okay next time
we'll include the soft drink with your
food sir sorry about that shouldn't have
left the soda on the side I don't know
any dog that does that that's like a
human being or that to eat food I'm like
I'm gonna wash it down with something
give me a coke before I'll actually eat
anything like that I gotta wash it down
with something
and now you've done too much where you
going now
oh there's no bed for him I got this
little bad boy for their food and then
this one's I can measure it out and I
got you these smart keys do I even need
it I know I just looked at your keys I
think Aaron needs one
you can get to know I have minimal pees
on it yeah you do anyway I think it's a
bedtime pop-up harder ok wait more
decisions are being made as we speak
what's happening now something I don't
know what she's going to show him I
didn't bring you a bike you see them all
and that means I was like duh
there's food next to it some eat at
Brady's life mmm food you say wow that
doesn't really interest me is that your
bus someone's filming me yeah it looks
like - shut up
yeah imma shower
ok fine have a good night buh-bye she's
just really smart and disciplined about
sports in the high school Allstate
everything so she kinda just like she
was the the Trailblazer and I kind of
just fall behind no you're killing it
what the hell you talking about like
you've just been you haven't even been
with the company for a year and you're
already smashing it like I don't know
how long it takes people to even move
into like the corporate side like if
they're in the gym it's for a good
reason like they're either killing it at
the gym or you know time doesn't
