what up dudes just finished training
then we also moved up Christmas tree oh
look at this big space that's missing
but also notice how clean it is
ironically when the dogs aren't there
it's actually white where the Christmas
tree was and this gray oh my goodness so
my Bears voice is almost gone it's
pretty crazy that she's kidding bad
voice it's worse what the yeah
how do you feel how would you feel bad I
feel sick think about 80% back that's
good yeah I think tomorrow I should be
good I feel we're - I don't feel well I
felt like 80% 85% so my workout took a
long time does that you only have
momentum usually ain't get after
exercise exercise exercise by the office
is taking breaks researching school
districts would I go home lying in
between sets I was getting tired I
finally finished after like 200 hours
which you should have only took like
maybe two hours or less Oh glad I'm done
and not to go super heavy to don't I
don't get more sick from it though
butyou were watching the news and
they're saying there's this huge flu
epidemic in California right now it's
affecting all of the state mobbin never
get sick it's been three years she got
sick and she doesn't want any bad did
you find out where he gonna eat for
lunch
we're telling order some food right now
so that we can eat so much we're gonna
have dog meatloaf
now that you guys saw me buy all those
new clothes what I'm gonna do now is
clean out my closet and my strategy for
that is I'm gonna go through everything
that I have including all my bar top or
gate stuff by the way which I have a ton
of those shirts because I own the
company but I'm gonna go through
everything that I have and anything that
I haven't worn in three months I'm gonna
give that away because that means that
I'm probably uninspired by that article
of clothing you know if I haven't worn
in three months I'm not gonna wear it
and I'd rather give that to someone who
is gonna appreciate it and wear it and I
have a bunch of nephews that always need
clothes especially since a lot of the
shirts since I buy a four-camera
kind of like you know they should a
movie like to give this guy clothes and
after he wears it for this set he
doesn't really wear it very much I have
a lot of clothes like that pretty much
all my clothes are brand new because you
see me in these high put things like
every day right I'm always wearing
t-shirts and shorts like this is my
go-to my shorts I wear these all the
time these type of clothes I probably
wear one time to a person's birthday
once a year and then that's it so I'm
gonna really filter through here and see
what I haven't worn and yeah pretty much
three months maybe even a month like if
I really want to be really strict on it
and not be a packrat I should probably
make that a month so with that being
said let's start over here um this one I
do wear but I'm gonna try it on to see
if my fitment is still correct since my
weight has fluctuated I don't know when
I bought certain clothes because I could
have bought a lost fat but I could've
bought it I was too skinny and it might
not fit but this one I do wear I'm gonna
keep this one
I haven't wore in a while so this one
will go in this put it next
take those little little suspended
outfit so I'm not gonna wear that this
is my wedding shirt so I'm keeping this
no matter what
no matter I'm keeping this I haven't
worn this in a while put this over here
haven't worn this or this so move all of
these over here this shirt I haven't
worn it but I just like it
but okay I'm gonna stick to what I said
I said I'm gonna be strict with it so no
no gray area cuz if I haven't worn it
that means I was uninspired by it even
if I like it I'm lying to myself damn
I'm never using you're hella close
alright this haven't worn this but this
over here all right
what about this one I have one this this
I have it worn put this over here damn
my nephews are gonna have hell our
clothes to go on dates
Sam's walk this is some expensive shit
too what else
god this one oh not the Calvin Klein
piece that I didn't wear this one I
think I bought it
am i probably warm once for one JK party
shirt and that's it and oh there's all
my dry cleaning dry cleaning probably
means I do wear it because that means I
gotta wash alright so I do with this I
do with this I do wear this but I have
too many like I just bought all these
new ones so if I have all these new ones
should I still now I'm gonna give it
away
that means look if I have those I don't
want to repeat this give this away I
also have some shirts in here probably
give this one away I like it this house
plastic thing get out here
BAM damn son this is a hell in good
condition to buy smells good mmm like
fresh laundry alright
I wear this one this shirt inside I
gotta see if I actually fit yeah I got a
double check
I'll see extra-large on me with the mi
fit this so this might even end up going
away and I like this shirt too
it's like a little rust color try these
guys on this one I haven't worn in three
months this one I like so much that I
bought two of them but then I realized
that this is kind of thick I realize
that if it's cold enough to wear this
then I probably do need the sleeves and
if I do wear this and it's not cold and
I'm just sweating so give me both of
these as holy moly I like this jacket I
have worn this I have won this I have
worn this I have worn this these are
just but this I haven't worn so this
will go over here and what else this I
have worn this I have won't no I haven't
actually
damn oh gee barbell should I keep it for
a memory though nope I said I was gonna
be strict so if I'm gonna be strict I
can't be like I don't want to be one of
those judges that are like well in that
case you know I mean oh sure drop it
what do wear that all three of these are
gone um I do with this I don't wear this
cool damn it cleared out a bunch of
stuff I stopped to go through here a
bunch of other stuff but you guys catch
your drift I also have a couple
backpacks that I don't wear anymore so
I'm gonna get that backpack and I'll
pack everything in the backpack and I'm
gonna go through my shoes to lunchtime
time for some traditional Cantonese
Chinese food got the beef chow mein got
some fish action some veggie action for
the anti constipation and then a pork
chop and we got this right now the dry
mouth option and then we got all the
butter toasting show that butter toast
yeah so I was trying to order a boil but
they just keep a regular butter toast
list until it's bomb so you know I may
eat that
Bassem weiss soon soon my son you will
be able to eat your home country's food
all the clothes is packed and it was
actually quite a bit so there's this
duffel bag which I can't even zip up
this duffel bag this backpack and then
another trash bag full of clothes
um opera contributed something to there
so there's a ton of clothes going out
which is good because I'll finally be
put to good use and I'm gonna load it in
grandma's car I was gonna donate some
shoes too
but um I'm kind of tired so I might just
organize my shoes tomorrow but they'll
be some shoes going to our net fees as
well alright so this guy is hungry but
what's remarkable is he recognizes food
now so he's very very hungry we had the
food ready but real quick we want to
show you how to recognize it num-num
time did you see that for a quick second
if you couldn't see a posit before that
split-second you're able to see that
he's able to recognize food which is
amazing because now he's able to
associate objects with certain feelings
and certain needs and urges being met
which is crazy is not a talk yet but
he's learning about the world and when
we just saw that right now we had to
share cuz it was like I know that that's
bottle this bottle bottle means food
it's his first layer of baby hairs
coming in so you guys remember when you
had a bunch of hair so now he's four
months and usually around this time
babies start losing their hair so it's
absolutely normal they start shedding
the first layer of hair it's due to you
know because when the firstborn they're
just there's so many hormones running
through their body now that it's like at
this point where he's four months it's
all been regulated so now that he starts
shutting all of that stuff they're even
born with hair
it's literally shedding they're even
born with hair like on their arms on
their ears and all of that just starts
falling off so the baby hair is falling
off you can see some strands of longer
hair but then underneath that layer
there's another layer which is his
permanent hair and that's when it's
gonna be crazy because the color can
change the texture can change so yeah
this is this is straight but who knows
when this hair did little bit longer it
could be wavy hair cuz me my mom like on
our side we have Libby here I got skinny
so my watch doesn't fit that well and
when I put it on just like this little
gap and you know how when you have a
walk that's loose like even when it's on
tight they'll go like this one just
slide all over to the bottom so I didn't
want to have to go to like a dealership
to get it fixed I thought I could do
myself so I've bought this tool and it's
a post a political watch tool but I
don't know how to use it anyways I took
it out and I found out what you're
supposed to do is I don't even know if
you just you have a camera but you're
supposed to push that in that part right
there push it in but the problem is is
when I it does actually go in and I can
feel the spring but as soon as I push it
in there when I release it to go do that
side then it goes back down so I feel
like I need two of those things so that
defeats the purpose I realized I can't
do this at home I either need two of
these things or I just need to take into
the dealership again but um I only have
to make one little adjustment but I like
it feeding on like James Bond as if like
if I if I could have a fit and still
kick someone's ass
that's the fitment that I want I don't
want like sliding around like I'm where
my dad's watch me enough okay you just
ducked
there's some interesting feet Oh why'd
you go all shot bullshit yeah this is
Bri buddy especially with that walking
was especially with that wolf shirt
that's a real yawn are you kidding me
that's what you get yeah oh yeah I'm
tired Mario we were watching the
Chappelle show the latest on equanimity
is so so good mama knocked out she's
tired and sick obviously but what that's
Apple it's apple soda that's what they
delivered manzanita whatever okay yeah I
don't think anyone knows that but I'm a
fuckin person so one I'm not the biggest
fan of coca-cola the only way I will
drink it
it's like dilated baleen diluted and I
thought she was gonna prove to be honest
so Jim y'all if it's with water so my
favorite part and I always finish pot
very strict isn't it looks like this
when the ice has melted enough to be
half ice or half water and then half
coke and that's my favorites every time
Papa Bear you abandons his cup and I
gonna like yes here's my chance and then
I try to drink it but this time it was a
big fucking joke yeah hoes apples so
disgust well okay we're trying to watch
how she'll it was really good
mr. Chappelle stand up but on the end of
it we're tired now
it's late is 10:30 so we're gonna go to
sleep I'll catch you guys tomorrow good
night
so you like trying to figure it out
