I do happening hi Evan
slow what are you doing I'm editing
right now it's for one of our videos
that are coming up on the channel so
stay tuned pretty cool
you're always laughing I love the plug
all right so uh how long have you been
editing for uh in general yeah
or today uh in general uh not really
long maybe like four or five months and
has editing been something that you've
wanted to do I think so just growing up
I remember I think it's like third grade
but like I wanted to be like a movie
editor
after everything like that I dabbled in
editing in high school for a little bit
but it was nothing serious and it wasn't
until kind of this last I think a year
though I realized that there's so many
opportunities out there especially
working here with Marvel and everything
like that so yes like I think is for
sure something I've always wanted to do
because I think it like any other
digital art it is a form of art right
and you get to kind of express your own
creativity through you know whether it
be the Qods of the colors or you make a
little visual effect so I think it's a
different medium but people don't often
consider an art form
but for me it is something so you said
in third grade you want it to be a what
director I think a movie driver yes how
did you even know a movie director even
existed I don't know that's guys but it
was like it felt right
I've no idea what I smell just I can
write this down so you saw movie
directors somewhere maybe in a movie
that you saw as a kid and you're like
that's what I want to do I love movies
growing up what's up cause I did third
grade you're about eight and nine years
old
oh shit and shut up um what did did your
parents see this see yeah I don't think
so no it was just like one of those
little like get to know me first day of
school kind of things yeah and it
probably wasn't until like a year or two
ago that I would remember the guy
actually forgot for like 10 years and I
brought back up my parents
that's cool it makes sense cuz I've
always kind of been interested in like
visuals and media and everything like
that
what did you do in high school that was
kind of editor related Oh
our freshman year we were actually
required to take a it was almost a
computer art science type of course so
we were given like many projects many
Docs not only creative shorts and
whatnot like they were fucking they were
terrible but that was just kind of like
my first experience with it and then
throughout that it's funny because I'm
working on like a fitness for a fitness
brand right now in my actual first edit
on my own in high school outside of
class was for a fitness club that I
started with my friends it's still on
YouTube I've shown a couple people it's
pretty embarrassing but that's kind of
like where it all started
what there's so many questions there's
so many questions I'm like unraveling a
lot of the enormous infant right now ah
damn I have so many questions to ask
about I want to go off on crazy tangent
um so you did stop you dabbled in
editing and a high school you so it was
crap and of course I want to see I want
to see that video no see it after Oh
is there something off your neck yeah I
want to see you I want to see it after
but before I even get there
um so when did you so you said Risa wait
the past couple years you knew that you
wanted to do something in what uh hey
this you said yeah uh digital media film
or ever you want to call it everyone has
a different word for it
at all what is it for you what is it
call for me in school that was called it
like visual arts I think I've always
been a very visual person whether it was
like in learning or in sports or
anything like that I always have to see
something right I I kind of visual
stimulation is like a must for me and
kind of having control over that when it
comes to videos your production Hey it's
like really appealing to myself hmm did
you do any other fart fart art oh and by
the way I do agree in visual arts I
think that's what I would probably call
it too but before I'm going into that is
there any other art that you dabbled in
I don't know a lot of art who are you I
don't even know who you are
um I did so in terms of art I did uh I
mean like growing up my grants on me
like drawing painting stuff like that um
I played an instrument for ten years
that just sounds Asian yeah that's what
did you what did you play yes piano no
violin cause uh piano violin HL oh oh
we're more uh-huh so something special
but I was like the visual art stuff was
always the I'm like drawing painting
sketching I was had like a little math
for that and then uh the school I went
to for a high school wasn't like a it
wasn't like an art school but it did
pride itself on being able to separate
let the strict academics like math
history stuff like that from the Apple
art so they kind of gave us like every
other day of a full day dedicated to
like whether it be like editing or
computer software or workshops with
metal and wood
and drawn so I grew up just doing all
kinds of art and I think now where I am
that's kind of where my upbringing and
my interests have kind of intersected
and that's kind of just all it's one big
little to big bubble now what was your
upbringing like just like the
traditional traditional arts stuff you
know the traditional arts that I just
talked about Oh like the music and not
yeah yeah where is this stuff I mean it
is it's much more like literally too
much more technical it's much more 21st
century so it's just kind of like
messaging all these like platforms yeah
that's important yeah this high school
that you went to is this a choice of
your own that you were like I'm mom dad
I want to enroll this school or was it
like just by chance oh so my sister
actually went there so I was like
growing up in middle school and
everything it was just kind of a given
almost that like this was kind of where
I was going to end up because I it is
one of the better format one of the best
schools in the Bay Area in terms of just
academics and I've got like the arts and
all that like extracurriculars work so
that's something
and your sister was the one that like
coaxed your parents oh yeah more less
dams watch one no one I can't like open
the doors
that's tight cuz like you're hold me
yeah
Oh Nitin why don't you think about it
what the hell it's not like a line why
for very long time so you kind of have
to counter years well not as long as I
have and I'm still not counting uh so
you've been alive for 19 years so you're
still a baby and um so you say you grew
up kind of Asian II because you did play
the the instruments and daughter did all
that stuff but I don't feel like you
grew up very Asian II actually cuz your
parents weren't breathing down your deck
next to be like betta dokdo be the
lawyer I think that's how they were
initially so my parents are from Hong
Kong so my sister and I are
first-generation Asian Americans I guess
but I think her being the older sibling
she kind of got rid of those thoughts if
anything I'm sure they used to pressure
her but she's the one that kind of
cleared the path for me
she made them much more open-minded and
you're like okay this kids like not as
good in school as she is maybe
hahahahahaha but we'll keep options open
and see what he's interested in and see
if he can kind of um not be poor yeah
and not good enough and move back home
yeah yeah and your sisters doing what
right now which i think is funny she's
invented I need CLA uh whatever summa
cum laude whatever that means like all
these I mean she's just really smart and
really disciplined about sports in high
school all state everything so she kinds
just like she was the the Trailblazer
and I kind of just fall behind no you're
killing it what the hell you talking
about like you've just been you haven't
even been with the company for a year
and you're ready smashing it like I
don't know how long it takes people to
even move into like the corporate side
like if they're in the gym it's for a
good reason like they're either killing
it at the gym or you know time doesn't
permit or they just don't you know like
they're still going to school trying
about to open show that shit but for you
it's like you
came in you knew what you wanted you
kept like pursuing you know the film
side of things and whatever we through
it you you were like fuck it I may not
want to do this but I know I got to do
it so like you you do it and you kill it
and I think you do a really great job
and like slowly you've like well I
shouldn't say slowly but fairly quickly
you're climbing up this ladder and like
now you're editing footage like like
that's like a really big responsibility
you know what I mean like that's like
the branding of the entire company like
if you fuck it up
what is the branding of the entire
company enough we have with people
looking to be bar each oh I'm gonna hold
me accountable because there's a good
balance between trust and uh again
accountability right we kind of want to
push each other to our limits but kind
of draw everyone backwards a bit too far
yeah because everyone's best interests
are in mind we're growing together as
one big family yeah yeah you have you're
such a politician yeah I don't know
you're like but no for real like you're
really smashing it like for people to
let this footage go because that's like
one of our biggest like drawers you know
is that we have online content we have
you know online personalities in for you
to like take that off and touch it and
then have your final product be uploaded
like that's fucking huge it's really
huge like now you're kind of
immortalized online you're like book
yeah I did this shit what yeah yeah this
will be up so this is a very different
kind of Barbeau I don't think anyone's
ever seen this but this was a UH
there's a very technical video that
we're supposed to have finished a while
back but uh we said fuck it let's change
it up and see what happens yeah and so I
even put a Apple epsy disclaimer in
there oh shit it's not crazy I don't
know if the audio is gonna play well
right now I remember the first time
before even for this you did this really
first edit this 24-hour promo edit for
us so on I GE has oh oh yeah yeah and it
wasn't bad it wasn't bad but it was not
YouTube quality and
well yeah let them know like where is it
IG right so it's on Instagram prop was
in March no we want 24 I think so so
it's Little Italy 15 second clip some
cars driving a time-lapse it's all with
like Kanye um so again
15 seconds shooting editing and
everything it took those take over 30
hours this is a 15-second video well
you've come a long way and I also had
hope to have a lot of help along the way
but I was sleepy beginning I was like
this is hard it's like I spent a day on
every second but uh and that wasn't the
first thing you really edit though right
like if you just gave me a couple
pointers like this is how you cut this
is how you think coffee all these things
and the rest I just kind of guess so not
even a year later we're going to see an
updated edit that's tight
third party are songs that he didn't
feel familiar
oh cool
damn Nike damn Nike damn okay I want to
shoot some more ChaCha so much did this
whatever you have now it's not a very
long time uh this right here yeah yeah I
just got here I will show you the time
line cuz cuz there's so many like super
fast super fast cuts and stuff yeah I
mean this was just be safe wait wait did
you save all your work can you just alt
save awesome just in case I've been
there where it happens and I lose
everything holy shit so can you explain
is it what all the elite everything uh
nah I mean I'm sure you remembered
everything can you let me know or people
that don't know can you let them know
what I'm what they're looking at so this
is premier it's kind of like a inverse I
guess this thing yeah yeah yeah okay go
for it go for it let us know one who
nears cool so premiers industry
standards this video and edit video
editing program and I produce nobody
else can use it
- strictly our property uh that's wrong
it's the demon oven editing software
yeah yeah over again okay
and so this is the timeline and so
pretty much all these little individual
snippets zoom in freeze these are what
you actually see on the screen so every
time you see the tip video clip exactly
this is just this is the behind the
scenes that's what is that you're
cooking like a big pot of like jambalaya
or something this is each of these is an
individual a greater rice a little slice
of tomatoes who sausage so oh fuck I'm
hungry
yeah damn that time I looks intense and
it's all technical it's just like super
fast holy shit
it way if anyone has epilepsy I
recommend you not to watch this well
damn
thanks for the disclaimer they can catch
this is fun on barbell but dude you're
killing it you're doing a great job I
don't want to be any more nice to you
because I just I'm generally not really
that nice uh so alright so I know so
just stop sucking um get your life
together
stop fucking around and talking in front
of the camera you little camera hog get
back to where I'd stop talking to me
Cheers
just working so hard all these papers
eating I know it looks very busy on his
desk there's a lot going on what if you
have to take important notes what do you
what do you write them is this where you
write your notes oh fuck the easiest way
oh my god you to cut your hand why would
you hold it like that
I don't know muses is this yours yes
yeah yeah this was before we got guns
who's we
you have a mouse in your pocket me in
Bert who's Bert Bert Bert Bert queen uh
you got a Rob oh yeah I was there yeah
so we need protection and I was a twenty
one out of the time selected by a
handgun but now you're 21 and what
what's that what's what what's on your
crotch what's up Oh true that's those
that's where the guns are right there
there they are
debrie Julia you're on the barbell side
where did we say
Julia Julia you can't cross bro
Julia you can't cross that line dude
okay I'm just kidding
can you come here all right
you let me know if anything is wrong
with this thing can you just lay on it
can you just lay on it yeah yeah just
lay on it
no come on just lay on it no I just lay
on it is anything it's all behind ya
highs exact what what yeah you can't say
Moffatt yes head Isaac how do you guys a
secret oh I just know you guys the other
sneaky you're boring nevermind yeah
thank you for nothing
god I think we almost had him yeah what
made you want to sit in this corner huh
why did you sit in the corner
comfortable
so this is where Isaac is in perspective
or in relation to the rest of the office
yeah tell her to get up shook it up sick
of me Ricky Ricky come here come on up
break it up come here buggy come on
Ricky come on you're gonna give her a
cheeto does she eat them no you don't
like Cheetos you don't like Cheetos Oh
call me lo I don't think he'll get on
yes a happy baby the pigeon go scare her
huh
go bring Cobre you're so silly
her tail is wagging like crazy yeah he's
so cute
hi pop back the fuck goes wrong with
your face my nose has a stuffy a little
bit why oh no how's that bundle how was
your day what a day was pretty good
little regular day today
what could what's considered a regular
day regular day for me as uh why I guess
I have two types of days I usually have
either a film work day or non film work
day and today was a regular ngon film
work day where I pretty much come in I
wake up I go exercise and then not even
actually I train I train my ass off
actually and then I come home shower get
the dogs get some food uh might meet
with Casey on the movie and in between
have a few other meetings like on our
channel or personal channel handle some
borrowed production stuff and then now I
come home it's ten o'clock
eating dinner uh
god you're so foul how my foul your foul
all right can you turn around and look
at our windows yeah why are our shades
down don't be a smartass someone left
them down your smart ass why am i smart
why are all wired those down and why
can't we put it back up because the
maintenance guy didn't come fix it yet
what does need to fix
we've only we've lived here less than a
month what does it need a fix the thing
that popped off what popped off the the
theme that's prone to popping off the
little string
LaBarbara why did it pop up who popped
it off well apparently someone was
really aggressive with it and was fuckin
gating the shit out of it and so when I
came and touched it gently just fell off
right away why are you being a smartass
haha
so you're seeing someone else broke it
well someone do the ollie you I dumped
it you're blaming it on someone else
you're not gonna take ownership or your
own mistakes do I get a kiss I take
ownership so you're lying what you mean
so if there's a positive reward or if
there's just a reward and then incentive
then you're gonna tell the truth
No then what happened
I touched in a thong so you did break it
if you want to consider that you broke
it someone set it up I touched it gently
literally I won like this and they just
went bad ever since I've lived here I've
never rolled those things down I'm
always rolling them up I don't know who
likes putting that shit down not me out
of barely put it down I swear somebody
once swear I love big open windows me -
then who put it down not me
you prom I can't believe you now cuz
you're a liar there's a vlog of me
rolling them up yeah cuz you probably
put them down no I did not do that
alright well you have a free guy behind
you what is it let me get them to guess
based off this now it is me loaf you're
like that it was me though her head so
little no people are touching it I was
waiting for you know she has teeth that
pop out so I always stroked her snout
and usually I fill her teeth but then
says I didn't feel her teeth pop out my
gosh its primeval while speaking of
meatloaf and these furry fuckers over
here we look at the Staples Center it's
lit up every time the Staples Center
looks like that there's an event
happening so I wonder what events going
on right now the basketball game hot
game holding game alright real quick
going back to those guys who those guys
what is the new format and why is there
even a format for these guys for men
talking about the format of them staying
in this place what places in this house
in this apartment
what do you mean that they're both just
itching each other we found out today
about them when we find out about them
what the fuck am I the only one in this
relationship thought about something new
about them yes we both did we got a
phone call oh my being about them well
we did find out about them no we just
got a notice that that these guys keep
barking all day when we're gone so if we
don't do something about it they're
gonna evict us from our new place - I
know in that ridiculous like I'm gonna
have mixed feelings on this like half of
me on my dude if you built this building
right and you know the concrete and the
steel that goes into it and then you're
gonna have a timeout dog's policy I'm
like duh I would think that it's up to
you guys we've built the building and
the management will work together and
are like okay cool um we know how strong
a steel a wall all that stuff is and if
we allow dogs here that means if they
bark they should be able to block out
the sound so that's me and what I'm like
waiting or you have a no dog policy and
we would have canceled this place off of
our list and look at the other dog
places with a lot of places allowed dogs
and a lot of places don't the other part
I'm like well shit it does suck that if
the dogs are barking all day and you're
trying to sleep or whatever we're
bothering or
our I guess building mates not sucks ass
or neighbors or neighbors building me so
what can we do to prevent that because
it sucks if you're trying to sleep or
work or do whatever at home and all you
hear is like Barbara so fuck sorry go
not go clear does it does suck for other
people that they just they signed up
because they just thought the place is
really cool and they're paying top
dollar and they can't even enjoy because
there's a fucking stupid pet owners yeah
they're just barking all the disturbing
them and I know how much that sucks so
like it for me I want to do something
about it but our options are very
limited you know it's like we live a
very busy schedule and right now our
dogs are opposite dog friendly so we
bring the dog to the office as much as
we can but there are times in the
morning we go to the gym where we leave
them alone they bark then and on
Tuesdays and Thursdays when we film at
the old JK office that place does not
allow dogs so we can't put them there
real quick why don't they allow dogs
well that was the previous policy that
we just didn't know about we brought our
dog all the time but everyone still has
a dog there a lot of people do break the
rules oh why don't we have a dog well
the reason why we can't bring a dog
there is because when we were there we
used to bleep ice it and patches all the
time and fun never fatty when you never
patches patches is already dead I have
videos and pictures of
patches find your true that's true
anyway so we submitting patches and by
oh my god you want plays memory so Rick
I said sorry Tyson entice a bit our
next-door neighbors we got in trouble
they called the a broke skin to be
manager so they said well if you have a
dog problem you're one more time you can
get evicted why does that follow us
everywhere I don't know maybe we were
just shooting dog owners but I feel like
they're really happy we rescued all
three of them they love us so much and
looking far look upon yourself happy
meatloaf so happy Ricky's is not laying
on the bed cuz right there he's always
on her own program they're so happy but
I guess I don't know we just maybe we
just gotta move to a house or something
one knows it even at our house they
called the cops
that's for the party you know I did some
research today actually just in the in
the meantime I was like researching
about German shepherds and also how do
you prevent German Shepherds from
barking and it says good fucking luck
there's a lot of reasons why they bark
and it is pretty much good fucking luck
this one they're a herding guarding dog
so because we're herding guarding dog
one they bark - gar which means if they
hear anything they're gonna bark try to
scare them away - they hurt David
they're herding dogs they bark to
communicate so if they need to
communicate get someone's attention
they're gonna bar two three they have a
self-rewarding
bark system which means the more they
bark the better they feel oh no so if so
for them if they have a lot of energy
they just start barking because it burns
calories for them so it feels really
good so there's those three and because
of that German Shepherds make a really
great guard dogs because they're gonna
bark their asses off and if a bark like
ten hours straight the way Tyson can and
then so they are they did a I think one
of the techniques I was just read on
this one site and you of course always
got a compare size though one of the
techniques that I learned on this side
stick your finger in the butt no good I
like it
if with these dogs what you want to do
is you want to teach them to bark on man
mmm then when you don't do the command
they won't bark and it's like a specific
way I think one of them was like get
them round up with your favorite toy and
they start going crazy you round them to
the point where they bark when they bark
you do a hand so long and you feed them
so they understand talking that hand
signal is associated with this part so
now if I don't do the hands it in like
don't bark oh my god we got to do that I
don't even know how to do it but I'll
watch you do it oh did he was really
good at training dogs he taught this one
how to shake this one right here sleep
pretty but she woke up boy wake up buddy
good look around but don't move good he
was always so happy I don't see we
rescued oh they're about to kill him at
the other shelter they were gonna
freakin euthanize him in a week when we
saved him look how happy he is I'm sure
someone would've rescued him he's a
beautiful dog he wouldn't have died no
was a rescue him they said that he
killed a little dog once cared about
looking on but he comes here into the
most loving family like a far smaller
butthole it was so sad were you thinking
about meatloaf children of the angel oh
yeah
flower
me Oh Bernie Darmody children you
I wanna sleep on that anymore so it
looks like my night is come to an end
and little by little live of a little by
little I'm unwinding and I'm slowing
down and I'm slowly falling asleep so
I'm kind of not looking forward to the
sleeping or me because since we are
getting threatened that we are going to
be evicted because our dogs keep barking
um one quick solution that Bart and I
thought about was having the dogs who
normally sleep out here in the living
room see all the beds who normally sleep
out in the living room will now be
sleeping in our bedroom so last night
was the first night that we tried it and
it worked
there weren't any barks there was no dog
fighting each other for food or anything
not that they really fight each other
but they do tend to like bicker here and
there ones laying on the other ones boy
or if one is on that old bed doesn't
like the Nate Doolittle mm-hmm all right
and I can get really annoying especially
like at 3:00 and everyone like the
friggin world of La is sweeping world of
La that sounds funny but the big deal
when everyone's knocked out
so none of that happened last night and
I'm a pretty deep sleeper but to my
surprise I think both meatloaf and Fani
were licking each I like they were like
cleaning themselves right so they're
liking and liking liking in that
immediately woke me up like if someone
was like had to snare that was banging
them together and I had to like I was
going fucking nuts I'm like I got kept
trying to make them stop but like I
wasn't thinking clearly because they're
not gonna stop because they're grooming
themselves and they're not really doing
anything wrong so they saw me as like
didn't really trippin fucking relax and
I was like a gorilla like stop stop stop
reversing um when finally fucking sense
got into my brain and I'm like okay I
got to do something about this I'm not
sleeping in the living room because it's
cold as shit here cuz Bart lives here
and he likes having the a/c as low as
possible so I would freeze to death if I
was out here um so I'm like aha I have
some headphones and I'm going to put
those in my ears and listen to some like
the Busey or something and that's
exactly what I did and I was able to
sleep like a baby and I thought that
this morning I'm gonna have a really
hard time waking up but it was fine but
yeah I think that's just kind of what's
going on my head really heavy right now
is the fact that like these guys bark
all the time and it's kind of a bummer
because I I'm I'm gonna have to hire a
trainer one but um to like in the
meantime like I a I don't know what to
do with them and I feel really bad so my
mom's probably gonna come over um every
other day when we're not shooting and
she'll stay with them when we're out
training and they want to come back and
they'll leave with us but up until then
feels so bad for them so I'm like damn
you gather fucking problem and it would
suck if we've only been here less than a
month I thought - getting evicted like
that's so crazy like I can't imagine
that these guys bark that much but I
really can't say
because I'm not here uh when the barking
is happening and if I know me though and
I have experienced in him being in the
backyard he will Park and he'll barking
and barking bark and he'll bark for no
reason he barks just because it makes
him feel good he'll look in the opposite
direction he's laying down he's like
uh-uh
but because he's like 100 pounds his
little off
sounds like a whoop ruff and it sounds
so aggressive and it's repetitive and
it's annoying I can't imagine that it's
that bad right now
or when he's here at home alone but he
does have a very loud bark so I think
that's it's freaking people out so I
mean I can't complain I don't like
management's like people are going to
break their lease like we're not going
to lose people over you guys we're about
to lose you guys in these people so it
looks like we're kind of losing right
now so keep your fingers crossed that we
get this solution all for this issue
solved immediately and that we don't get
kicked out of of our fun home but for
now we're going to go to bed put these
guys in the room now I'm gonna hope I
get a good night's sleep because these
dark circles right here they just ain't
pretty
this is like a crazy beautiful a7l give
you this open right there you see yeah a
bad shape it's really clear then that
you can see the Hollywood sign here we
might even be able to see the ocean of
some days when there's not that much of
a BC Long Beach small I know that bill
right there is probably like TV or
signal health so if you look past that
there
