why are we in here we're waiting for
Casey and the rest of the others just
for the next game which I'm not sure
whether it's exacting game the exact
same game yeah so are we in here though
oh right here this basically so what
josh is really trying to say we played
this game three times already was the
third time we're playing it but we're in
this room in holding or so that we can't
hear what the answers are
that's how we're in here not because
we're prepping anything no but they're
prepping it well why you hit me though
no why are you searching a subject
you're not good this is the first time
you meet Dimas what do you think Adam ah
so far your brother and B mas what do
you think this is your first time on a
JK party shit is this super summer oh
shit what are your feelings what are
your thoughts that's really love to be
on again see how the next game works
what were you thinking about before you
got here nothing I was just talking to
Lou and then here's this like you know
just be yourself be who you are at the
gym you kept tickling me so that let the
nerves out a little bit I hate being
tickled so don't ever tickle in my I
like it a lot I like a lot Oh
is max here Lerner getting other
people's phones taking pictures of
themselves with a mic going why are you
saving me for last what the hell so
you're not searching it up I want to
play jerk is that his phone she got its
tips and I think it's J money would I
call her J money to D I've been calling
me j-money I thought when you said it I
was just like bro that's been 1999 so we
just wrap JK party and this was
literally a party literally literally a
party I got chocolate wait look at the
bottom of my soul in the bottom of your
souls you this this office is bugged
killed it deewan
all right so you just wrapped your
first-ever JK party honestly this wasn't
that that crazy it was yeah what you had
to do was crazy but wait for it for JK p
wait for it cuz it's gonna come on check
your party I can't tell you what he did
but what what what did you feel what
happened to see it they have to go on JK
party his thing is that you just tell
them it's like it doesn't seem that bad
but then when you see it cuz for me I
can handle some nasty-ass shit you can't
don't what I saw him like down I see
like
that's a gag - fine what did you what
did you end up doing everybody you know
everybody around them around the chairs
just spit and a cup for me it was like
ten people one cup you know and I just
have to drink that shit take it to the
hey a little queasy but I'm okay
damn why was it such a big deal like for
you cuz you know how Bart said he'll do
tasks
shit I can't handle nasty shit I have a
very sensitive stomach I actually
thought I was gonna throw up and I'll
gag a little bit but you know what do
you consider nasty shit what makes you
gag what makes you want to throw up a
spit and I wouldn't people other people
gag like to throw up smells any like all
the time welcome this is the type of
shit we do and I think you actually got
one of the worst things I've ever seen
anyone who Michael actually had to do um
we were - we have you heard of silent
library okay so we did send the library
and in the beginning of that game we
started out we also do train gum alright
so then maybe like towards the end of
the game a card was revealed that he had
to pick the gum out of everyone's mouth
but they've already been to him for like
30 minutes pick it out of their mouth
put it all in a ball and chew it that
would I think is worse Jose was really
nasty too just because it's like 30
seconds so I dosed me multiple spit in
this in his mouth and yeah I don't know
if I could've done that i rasa super fun
but
would you would you come back after what
what you witnessed and what you had to
go through what is off-limits to you
then off-limits nothing's really
off-limits may be just like fully naked
and like eating pork oh why why eating
pork because my parents are both Muslims
okay so that's the Taser but yes even
though I don't consider myself anymore
like yeah yeah yeah
what about like eating crazy animals or
insects you do it oh shit so you're down
for any - sucking someone's toe I'll do
it I do it
licking some with the ear hole if they
believe it what about licking of licking
a bellybutton
I say no well like I know the moment I
just always say fuck it I'm just doing
it cause like you're pretty competitive
spirit so we're definitely bringing you
back that cuz we're all super fucking
competitive so it's gonna happen
hey comment and bring me back gonna be
on me
oh my eyes are you feeling
why would happen depending on the
battery pick on and luckily I got a book
so I got switched but the first
paragraph to bat outside we would
actually want to take it because I was
like let me see if I could get something
thank you because I knew I would throw
up Julia stole mine and she got her
story she had a good one and she
switched it yeah that is weird
Julia you switch with me she stole mine
her Swit oh then the one you picked was
there oh yeah and then why did you throw
is like sharing germs like I could never
like I'm still I'm okay with the kids
like well people like yourself like they
say goodbye to mine
but today I saw while wait a minute
you're forgetting a really important
thing though you got to spit ball zone
in his mouth his teeth and I'm still
trying to like gain top of it and I
figured out like its trajectory
I dropped a little high and went
straight in his mouth and I got to
styler I know when when they cut Carl's
sloppy I got too many spaces come down
just a little bit go up ah I saw you
fucking throw a black shit cuz it was
chalk I think you ate a chocolate one
buy a chocolate all I came back I was
chocolate and we just happy no that came
up oh my god the Dimas is punch man I
know I just found out that case he made
that one up he did but Casey I love him
there fuck Casey right cuz he just found
out my only contribution for that
further punishment was that one you got
it man he took it to my second Sunday
night sexual Dez hey we have a meeting
on my day for juicing stinking party
shirt we have to come over some and
punishments a boring too
all right all advice wondered how that
would feel the hostage take things I
brought that in and then another one I
was like I just go crazy I'm crazy
probably to get rejected it's too crazy
might as well throw it out there but you
know I thought it'd be interesting this
take your shot everyone you're not
allowed went and went through all the
way and you got green thank you for
being a part of it thank you what did
you think as being clueless Smith one
was the worse by far
initially I thought zero got the spin or
taser one because like you're like the
whole time sitting there is just like
good time yeah and even I thought I was
bad so I don't have that kind of
perspective on work so I'm not this big
one I'm more with Joe I'll take pain
over and that nasty gross shit anything
yeah but I'm waiting I felt I feel
drained just watching it like today so
crazy I'm like kind of sweating yeah
because they're empathizing with the
person I had to do it right I get so
many times I know okay we'll stop
talking about it too
I saw that it was like I knows right in
front of you chocolate yeah big I'm done
I'm done I'm done I'm done I'm done
how you feeling I thought all right my
stomach's low lousier we're gonna yeah a
little queasy or queasy but it was a lot
of fun you know like well let's hear a
9:30 a.m. it's already like close to
6:00 p.m. and it felt like doing time
flew by if I want to play more games but
unfortunately we have to do other things
in live so till next time hopefully I
come back you know leave it say palabra
this is awesome JK party but fuck all
you guys to do know what side I mean no
camera crew for wasabi brushing my teeth
for 30 seconds yeah yeah yeah you
believe that was believe
even though it was a lot of pain you
know would you come back and watch oh do
it I'll come back all the time because
they're just like having so much fun
with your friends like it's a great
experience like it's one thing that I
wish all you guys can't experience but
you know unfortunately yeah cuz we're
all homies at the end of the day we're
all homies there is bad - we do talk
shit to each other there is slight
verbal and physical abuse but it all
comes from a good place because we're
just super competitive we want to have a
good time and it's boring if everyone's
so polite and nice like what the fuck
that's not fun at all
you got to challenge each other you know
that's what when I came the first time
again JK party I was kind of like yeah
hopefully I'm not too competitive
because that's how I am yeah not Julie
and then it just fit right in sighs I
hope like yeah this is dope yeah so
hopefully I'm back next time you know
what's crazy is when I play with my own
friends or not my home friends but just
other people that aren't this group and
I go in like I go in on some games and
I'm like all aggressive and shit and
like I have strategy and they're like do
you are you like they're so you're so
competitive and I'm like all do that's
right any of my jkp peeps I mean that's
our girlfriends you know it makes
everything more fun but then it's like
if you get like a sore loser at the end
you're like we don't have that here
though we don't not everyone loves
explaining like wait you guys are sore
loser then that's really bad man that's
why home yeah true
you have any tourists chosen who's
beautiful pup-pups in the room with me
and my beautiful husband is taking a
shower and it means it's a beautiful day
two beautiful white I'm tired it's a
beautiful end to a beautiful day it was
a great day got to have a lot of fun
with my friends shooting chikki party
and then I got more friends building
with barber brigade and then I get to
come home it's a very comfy home with
very loving pop outs and I couldn't have
asked for anything better
um it was a crazy long day today and I
think - too crazy it's just always JK
party is just there's so much energy and
so much intensity going into this that
by the end of the day I'm like damn that
was a lot of fun but look I'm tired now
I feel like that's something that we
kind of develop as we got older cuz
that's a kid I never remember going I'm
tired I just remember my body going
let's plan let's go let's meet this
person this coldest let's eat that let's
get into this kind of trouble I'm
curious I want to know more and that was
just me going a thousand miles every day
and like I think I was just so young and
so explorative and I didn't know
anything that I was just like let's keep
learning and go go go and I felt like I
was that way up until recently actually
now I'm lying
I've always been a fan of sleeping in
yeah
even as a kid I feel like I was always a
fan of sleeping in because I remember I
would take naps in my mom's car and I
think that's just the regular kid crash
where they have just so much intention
energy and they're like I'm
sleepy sleepy and then they like crash
my mom I'm always trying to wake me up
and I would kick and scream and I was
like I could've sworn I was like eight
or nine or something and I would do that
so I guess I've always been a fan of
just knocking out but as a kid I didn't
realize but that's what I liked but I
say all of this to say that I kind of do
miss that about my childhood I can just
be like go go go go go go and there
wasn't this voice in my head saying slow
the fuck down just relax take it easy
take the nap I'm tired
like there wasn't any of that going on
and I wish I kind of have that I wish I
had that from from a kid and I guess I
wish I also had the creativity that I
had as a kid it's kind of a bummer that
the older that we become the more and
more we lose our creativity because we
become self-conscious we become you know
self-aware and then we start comparing
ourselves to other people and I feel
like that really does take away and eat
at us and it it it makes us feel like we
need to change and conform so that we
can be part of this normal Society and
it's kind of a it's kind of a bummer
like it's cool though that I do
recognize acts then I feel like I can
control that but it does make me sad
that you know I do see people are like
kids like Isaac or my niece um NF u and
I'm like man they have like such a
beautiful side to them that's completely
free completely wild and they're just in
their own little world at all times and
I think that's amazing so I try to look
at that and self-reflect be like I don't
want to lose that part of myself because
I know when I try to be free and I try
to be crazy then people are gonna look
at I feel like people are gonna look at
me and be like whoa that person it's
kind of nuts maybe shouldn't take her
medication today so yeah kind of went
off on a little rent there but say all
that ultimately to say that I'm very
blessed and I'm very grateful for all
that I have and everyone that I have in
my life most importantly above all else
everyone that I do have in my life
including my little pup pups because
every day I feel like they are
constantly challenging me and I'm
challenging myself to be better than I
was the day before then I think the
biggest person that has to kind of deal
with me going through these challenges
is look at this guy I can't even talk
cuz I'm good why are you smiling I'm
trying to hide that anyway well I was
about to compliment that freak that you
guys just saw but I was gonna say that
every time that I'm going through these
challenges um and facing all these these
I don't know these things about myself
that I want to change my lovely creative
husband over there is always the one
that's kind of going with me through
this journey of you know either
self-discovery or self-reflection or
just self-indulgence or complete just
selfishness
and he's he's the person that
unfortunately has to kind of bear with
me when I'm going through these things
and he's I'm alternately the most
grateful for that guy because he he
stays really really strong for me when
I'm a total fucking pain in my ass so
every night I try to remind myself that
you have a great life you have great
friends you have a beautiful home you
have beautiful pup-pups
and you have a great loving husband so
be better than you work today and I go
oh okay then I try to think God what
times was I an asshole or what times was
I like resisting myself for what times
was it being a complete bucket bitch and
I try to think about that every night
and um and I try to change that for the
following day what the hell look at this
guy what are you doing but anyway I
guess I ultimately want to wrap up this
day with letting you guys know that I'm
absolutely grateful for all of you guys
and all the support and the love and
just the pure raw honesty that you guys
give us every single time
that there's some sort of way for us to
interact whether that be on Instagram on
YouTube on Facebook on Twitter in person
um I'm very grateful for you guys and I
appreciate you guys so much so thank you
guys for everything that you guys do
even though I don't directly know you
definitely know that you guys are very
impactful in my life so with all of that
being said thank you so much have a
wonderful day
what look at this guy why are you what
are you doing fine have a good night you
see it yeah a veteran it's really clear
then since you can see the Hollywood
sign here we might even be able to see
the ocean on Sundays when there's not
that much of a DC Long Beach small I
know that bill right there that's
probably like TV or signal hell so we
look past that there
