so one I'm not a railroad track and two
I woke up hella early because this week
is gonna be one of the busiest weeks of
the year because usually from Monday
through Friday as you guys know our
schedule is already action-packed with
Jake and barbell brigades to the point
where if my friends come visit out of
town and they can't fit their schedule
with mine there's no way I can even see
them right but now we're adding a
seminar into the middle of the week of
three-day seminar and each day's gonna
be 12 hours long from 9:00 a.m. all the
way until 9:00 p.m. I believe and this
is really important for a future film so
because we're cramming that in now we're
cramming our already congested schedule
into something even more congested which
is why I had to wake up at 6:00 a.m.
this morning to get an early workout in
so I knocked out an earlier workout but
the third thing that was fucked up is
that
recently I think just two days ago I
kind of hurt my back so today's workout
was completely different than my usual
my upper glue which is above my butt
kind of tight and my lower back kind of
hurts so I've been just doing a lot of
exercises to keep weight and stress off
of my back and so I was still able to
get a workout in which is also why I
bench with my legs up just so I can
avoid it I don't want to have an excuse
and be like oh you know my lower back
hurts so I'm not going to try to achieve
my goals I think when you have goals and
you're really passionate about them and
you have ambition it's really important
to figure out what you can do and focus
on that and don't focus on what you
can't do because what I can't do is
deadlift and squat but I can still use a
couple other machine that did a sumo
deadlift which I usually don't do and I
bash with my legs up so I just adjust
around that and I think what you do in
the face of adversity really shows what
your priorities aren't what's important
to you
and the last thing that made me really
fucked up is I don't know why I noticed
that at night if I eat something spicy
or high in sodium and last night I ate a
kimchi fried rice which is both spicy
and high in sodium I think it makes me
drink more water so all night long I
just kept peeing and peeing and peeing
and I woke up I think at least every
other hour and then on top of that the
dogs would not stop scratching it and
moving so my sleep was all fucked up I
woke up at 6 a.m.
even though I slept early I woke up at 6
a.m. feeling like I only slept 30
minutes and then I have this crazy ass
like non routine workout that I just did
so right now I feel like I am in zombie
mode I feel like I'm just on autopilot
and I'm gonna really try hard to take a
nap later today because usually when I
get into this headless zombie mode where
I'm sleep-deprived and I'm still pushing
myself in training and pushing myself on
the job and if I sustain that for a
couple of days that's usually how I get
sick because I think my body's energy
and vitamin C and adrenal glands are
just trying to do everything else that
my body is trying to do and it's not
able to focus on the immune system
which reminds me I am gonna take my
multivitamin and I love taking a
multivitamin because that is the thing
that I really feel like has helped me
stay healthy because not only does my
multi my just take like a regular one
from bodybuilding.com call the optimum
not only does a lot of the nutrients
that it comes with
are they over a thousand percent so
there are way more than what your body
needs so if you don't need it just
pisses out but also there's a fuck ton
of vitamin C which is really important
to a lot of your bodily functions not
just for immunity so I'm gonna be taking
that to make sure I stay healthy and I
got a really really busy rest of the day
right now I'm gonna go home shower and
usually I meet Casey at two o'clock but
today I have a noon meeting with the
rest of the JK news staff because we're
gonna be starting to livestream so make
sure to stay tuned for that we're gonna
start live streaming on live down me so
if you guys want to interact with us
live you know type and heroes talk with
no editing and all that there's gonna be
a really intimate and personal type of
connection if you guys really enjoy that
make sure you go to a live dot me
download the app and you can view us and
talk to us and so we're gonna be doing
that at 12 and then 12 today and then
after that then I meet with Casey and
then at night we have another meeting at
8:00 and I won't be able to sleep until
like 10 but because of the seminar
everything's super jam-packed so I'm
gonna be waking up at 6 a.m. again
tomorrow so I really got to make sure I
get my sleep sleep when I can don't fuck
around don't watch anything that is
gonna waste my time just so I can get my
sleep and get my vitamin C in get my
training in and I can see the light at
the end of the tunnel it's gonna be
really tough this week I got a lot of
stuff to do but if I can keep my head
focused don't fuck around get my sleep
in I think I got accomplished a lot of
things this week and that's gonna be
awesome because the holidays are around
the corner and that's when I can fully
relax and earn myself a reward
Michael yes Michael what are we doing in
here what is this meeting all about with
all these lovely people so tonight we
are going to be doing our first live
stream because you're not in charge of
it why would you be done again naked Tim
that's false advertisement no I am a
hundred percent I am Julia she's the
most honest I'm the most honest if I got
Emily probed I tell you to all right so
what we have going on is we're setting
up for our live dot me broadcast and we
have a super professional set up due to
Michael McDonald right here so we have
this iPad that's gonna be the control
center and then we got that mic so we
can get good audio so you guys could
hear us and each one of those phones was
the third phone or I'll go over there
it's gonna stream us and bam we're gonna
have a control panel over here and we're
gonna have a really fun into mid time we
just had a meeting we just got briefed
about all this stuff like this Irish
bullshit and the fucking cords and like
that empty lunch box so we got all this
stuff going on are you guys pretty
excited about live streaming what are
you excited about babe
you're gonna interact with their fans
and then this is also the first time
that they get to see us for who we
really are without the intervention of
freaking editors who try to be super
funny and make us look like they don't
make us look like it is I think they
make us even funnier they make jokes at
our expense so now we can just be
ourselves what about you two do you like
live streaming have you ever live stream
before never so you never been on
Ustream you never use YouTube live or
anything like that there's a cow are you
worried though are you worried that like
now if you say something cuz we know how
racist you like to get that they're not
gonna be able to edit you out and save
you when you say all those very
derogatory things to women and all those
minority groups what about you
cool yeah but it's very sort of like
periscope yeah I think one time I walked
into Taemin when he was like Jimmy wait
and then I
it was like swimming who the hell wants
to watch him are you gonna be nervous
cuz it's gonna be live no editing
they're gonna tell you to do stuff
Julia pig nose you're so anal about you
I know you livestream on your YouTube
channel I think it's even better cuz
just the interaction part yeah cuz the
podcast you just talk and then sometimes
what people really want to ask they're
not able to voice it but now they can be
like you know ask him about this and
then we can either answer it or if it's
too personal just pretend like we didn't
see it I just keep going
why yeah because you're covering the
titty oh is that how cam girl websites
work we can tell them to do stuff are
you pretending like you don't know my
song like this fuck you have a
whiteboard and then a whiteboard
woah this many tokens watch me stick a
dildo here for this many tokens watching
you stick it up my booty hole for this
many tokens watch me come but this took
me tokens and then like
zero because it's like a room
and then you just watch them and then
some people just go in and I'm like I'm
just watching was it like are you stream
or something I think I was just trying
for circle now you're on the same
livestream as Joe while you made it Sam
that's dope Michael when is the second
time we're going to livestream so that
they can join us because by the time
this video well we're live-streaming
tonight so when the video goes up its
are gonna be past that time but when's
the second time they can tune in so
we're gonna be like you tonight atm
but the next time if you guys miss this
one is this coming Wednesday and what
date is that that well okay cool the
twelve ABM join us live
just got back to the office
man that fried chicken was delicious I
know what you're thinking they're like
y'all part I thought you said you're on
a diet why are you eating fried chicken
and it's because I'm on that gross so
long story stronger in the car everyone
was hungry after our pitch meeting and
David was like yo did you know that
Gus's fried chicken is in LA and the me
and Jolin whoa I thought it was only in
Tennessee that's the only time we ever
ate Gus's fried chicken is in Tennessee
and then also in Texas and so when he
said that it moved to LA I was a go shit
I only had one meal so far so I might be
able to make it fit my mac girls which
is flexible dieting and I calculated and
if I ate it as long as I decrease my fat
by 10 grams tomorrow the day after
tomorrow I could make it fit so I was
like yo Geo never ate Gus's fried
chicken before because she doesn't do
all the shows with me when I am able to
go out of state and eat all his fried
chicken I was bomb food so I went to go
eat that it was hella delicious it was
actually even better than the one in
Austin Texas and Tennessee so we ate
there and then we got back here you
can't be honest with you I actually
completely forgot that we had a TV pitch
meeting today
I thought we only had the meeting where
the representative from live down me was
gonna come and teach us how to do the
live streaming thing but after I came in
and Bill okay cool just gonna last an
hour and then right after that we're
gonna go off and have our pitch meeting
that uh pop TV I was like oh yeah yeah I
remember that that pitch me up on TV and
I was like oh shit let me in case you're
supposed to meet good theme though I
didn't come in my gym clothes cuz
sometimes you know how I'm gonna rush
where like as soon as I finish the gym I
just bring clothes and I'm like I'll
just shower later but I had enough time
to shower so I was at least decently
presentable not too presentable I'm
still wearing like a tank top and a
backwards hat but anytime you throw a
rolling in the mix then it looks like
I'm kind of legit
so I kind of forgot but good thing I was
prepared we went in we killed the pitch
meeting I think this is the last one I
think we have one more pitch meetings
gonna be a Comedy Central
after that we already finished an entire
series of pitches for the TV show so now
what we've been told is that now they're
just gonna discuss amongst themselves
and then they'll give us some feedback
later on so we haven't gotten any passes
Pass means rejection and TV terms so
which that means is they're still trying
to figure out internally through the
advertising marketing and programming
department do they have any other show
that are too similar to what we're
trying to pitch them there's a lot of
stuff that's going on big scale with
these TV networks so since none of it
has been passed we're still a a strong
candidate and strong potential for being
on all the networks which is good but
Christmas is coming around the corner
and so what the producer told us you
were saying that usually they'll give an
answer before Christmas because they got
to start working on things for pilot
season next year so fingers crossed
hopefully we get picked up for something
if not I really feel like it was such a
dope experience though just to be able
to meet all these TV networks and what
our manager jesse was telling us is that
the most important thing
more so than getting a TV show is
getting our faces in front of these
really big big waves you know the apep
the puppet masters that the the shock
collars because once they recognize your
face and they see it more and more and
more later on they might even have ideas
for you where you don't even pitch them
and they reach out to you so it's just
it's just about time you know like Kevin
Hart I think he's been in the business
for like 20 years before he got the
success that he got today I've known
people that used to be in sketch teams
with Kevin Hart I know people that I've
done stand-up comedy with them for 10
years so he's been in the game for a
long time so I just know that to make it
big big that's how long it takes so I
ain't even trippin but now I still have
one more thing
to do which is we were gonna do the life
me stream live which is why it's like me
in about 30 minutes so obviously you're
you guys aren't gonna be able to catch
the live stream today because this video
is gonna go up a daily because it starts
to get edited but the next time we're
gonna stream is October 12th again at 8
o'clock so if you missed this time and
you want to interact with us live make
sure you go there and we're about to go
live stream in 30 minutes we're gonna
prep please
so we just finished live-streaming and I
kind of fucked up I told you guys the
wrong information the next time we're
live-streaming is that Wednesday at 8:00
it's gonna be Wednesday at 3:00 p.m. and
as you guys can see I am on the set side
because even though it's 9 o'clock I
thought my day is over but because we
are gonna be filming on the set side
which is awesome tomorrow
hooray we have to make sure that
everything works because this is the
first time so as you can see we have a
ton of lights these things are called
quino's or professional lights all over
the place everyone's already in the JK
new set over there we have the lights
over there turned on and if you look
over here we have all our new cameras so
things are getting really really legit
so being the responsible people that we
are we don't want to wait last-minute
the day that we're gonna film to make
sure if team works so we are filming
tomorrow and actually film jakie news on
Thursday but we're which is in which is
gonna be in two or three days from now
we just want to double-check and make
sure everything is ok but we're gonna be
filming on the JK party side which we've
already tested tomorrow so I'm really
really excited we finally get to use our
space that we've been planning and
building for this whole entire time like
I know you guys been asking - on the
comments like yo you guys are building
that thing for a long last time you know
my dad asked me like yo when the fuck
are you gonna start filming there and
finally we're filming in October super
super happy but I am really tired
because we had you know I told you guys
that this week is gonna be hella busier
I got so many things going on the
seminar filming Anthony in space we had
a pitch meeting so we did a ton of shit
today already my mind is blown but still
gotta do this one last thing before I
not go but guess what tomorrow morning
I'm not gonna be able to sleep in I have
to wake up six again and repeat
everything I did today because this week
is gonna be action-packed but once again
once again I told you guys it's gonna be
worth it
but it's got a cram this week and things
will be coasting afterwards see what
everyone's doing right now oh look at
these TVs so perfection Oh what are
these TVs for Casey also we don't have
to look off of Julia and test laptop
anymore all Butley how do you feel TIFF
that we're filming in the new spot now
it's so legit because it feels like a
real TV show now right yeah even at City
Light it lights up back there we have
all these lights and then this light
specifically supposed to put that
sparkle in your eye you know that Casey
told me that you know that white line
that you see in a lot of people's eyes
on like a professional TV set this is
meant to put that in your eyeball to get
this sparkle all right so we got to wrap
up wrapping up the vlog today because
people are hella busy I don't want to
get in people's ways you guys will be
seen all the new JK party and JK news on
the new set see you guys for a live
stream Wednesday October 12 at 3 p.m.
goodnight yeah
a veteran it's really clear then since
you can see the Hollywood sign here we
might even be able to see the ocean on
Sundays when there's not that much of a
DC Long Beach small I know that bill
right there that's probably like TV or
signal help so if you look past that
area
