what up y'all I am so exhausted right
now we just had the longest workout
slash filming session of my entire life
we literally did everything we spotted
benched that lifted that pull-ups face
pulse close grip bench far press you
name it biceps we did all kinds of stuff
god damn my legs itch like a
motherfucker you know the other day when
me and geo were in the forest filming I
got bit by a bunch of mosquitos yells
mosquito bites freaking it's just like
crazy I feel like people think I'm a
crack head like I'm just driving and I'm
just like damn I don't know why but ever
since I was a kid
mosquitos just love me they can like
I'll go visit my grandparents in Taiwan
and they'll stay in like the 10th floor
and the mosquito will fly all the way up
there and bite me and there's times
where I'm on vacation and I'm like oh
shit this is a kind of like a tropical
swampy place
yo yo uh should I fight bug spray are
there mosquitoes around here and a tour
guide Oh bleep oh you know what you're
in luck you're in the season where
there's no mosquitoes this is in
breeding season oh shit don't and then I
go to sleep and I wake up and there's
like 200 mosquito bites on my face I'm
like what the fuck
mosquitoes fucking love me and I hate
that I don't know why they have to fight
me maybe there's something with my scent
or something but then I get that all the
time is so annoying like have this giant
welt right here and it's something
that's scratching so much it kind of
turns into a scar and I just have like
all these random dark scars all over my
body it looks really really weird but
anyways um yeah like we had such a long
workout because we were filming from 9
a.m. until right now which is 2 p.m.
because we need that to knock out I
believe for videos that we have one for
the bottle for a channel one for all
Mars channel one for silent mics channel
and then and we shot the b-roll for our
coaches vials for like this entire
training program that we're going to be
putting together so I'm really excited
about this project because all of us
come from very different walks of
fitness and we have a lot of experience
on our own so when we look usually all
that our experience I feel like it's
very unique so for example styler Mikey
rubs shoulders elbows with the best of
the best the best boss betters best
strongman best power lifters and he's
working on a very elite level Omari Soph
has been a personal trainer and he has
so many certifications for the past 10
years and he also is in one of the best
he also works out among the best gyms in
Toronto I own barbell Brigade and I see
the best of the best I feel like I'm
just a very average dude you know I got
at the parlors being kind of late and I
was never a genetic freak I just kind of
wanted to I was small I got big like I'm
high school is only like 95 pounds so
now I'm 215 so I feel like I'm that guy
where like if I can do something that I
want with my body
anybody can because you know like
there's those transformation Tuesdays
and I'm that like I've gone I've been
every weight class I've been competing
on 165 I've walked around at 200 even
230 240 I started off with 90 pounds
I've been everywhere so I know that your
body is it's amazing you can do whatever
you want with your body as long as
you're down to put into work which is
why we're coming together and create
very digestible for the everyday person
type of program
with a lot of science fact evidence and
so we were recording all that and then
now I'm rushing back home if I have to
meet with Casey at 3:00 I literally only
have one hour to get my stuff and get
the dogs and that's it I'm not gonna be
able to shower up on the shower later if
I still have to film at 7 p.m. at me
this is the reason why I love Mike go
hard we came down to make out a bunch of
videos so I don't have the shower for
myself I got to shower for the video so
I can look presentable and a little bit
saucy you guys I just got home and
because I'm on a time crunch I'm
literally going to get three things the
first thing is food and I've been meal
prepping now I haven't been cooking on
my home but a buddy of ours at the gym
started a meal prep companies have been
supporting him so I have like a stack of
meals here just ready to go so that
saves time I don't have to go anywhere
to go buy food I have my turkey pasta
and I have a turkey ball so I'll eat
these two guys for a lunch and I'll eat
those guys for dinner and having food
readily available I really like because
it prevents me from having those crazy
you know like those temptations where
you're like I'm really hungry right now
oh shit what's that pizza and then
magically jumps in her mouth so having
food that I'm like I don't want to waste
money already pay for the meal prep so
I'm gonna get food and then the other
thing are the puppies because the dogs
love coming with us to work so I'm here
to grab them throw in the truck and then
the third thing is clothes I have to
change into clothes for the next video
that we're gonna make and also I just
don't have enough time to shower so I'm
gonna bring the clothes and then I'll
just shower at the office in between
meetings or something like that so I
need a t-shirt
I need underwears and
I need socks so I'm gonna grab socks
underwear
I also need shorts find some casual
shorts to wear I'm already wore these
last week well wear the red ones have
one of these in a while red shorts gray
shirt black socks I'll just wear with
the current shoes I have right now I do
have an antifungal spray so at the
office so that's cool because I usually
don't like wearing the same shoes that I
trained and then also wear it casually
like for the whole day just because I
feel like there's so much gunk and sweat
in there that it can't be healthy so if
I'm wearing shoes to the gym later on I
try to wear another pair of shoes so
that my gym shoes can air out but I do
have the antifungal spray which can kill
the germs on my feet and I can wear it
so I'm gonna put this guy's then this
guy's oh and I'll look for my laptop is
my laptop in here shoot for my laptop I
think my laptop it's out there my
laptops right here so that'll put my
laptop in my backpack and then put the
food in my backpack grab the dogs and we
are on our own
don't forget the watch gotta look fly
and then we are on our way
you do not know how good this hot water
feels on me right now
it's so relaxing
I felt so tense the whole day starting
with last night I slept late at 1:00 and
for some reason that dogs kept barking
all over the place so my sleep was super
interrupted and we have to wake up early
who got film on that stuff with Omar and
Mike and then once I got to the hottest
everything was in such a rush I think
with Casey and then me and Casey met for
like five six hours straight to the
point where I was so in the zone
I completely forgot to walk the dogs in
the middle we got a peak so I met you
know real quick time I hate but not a
meeting can you please want the dogs for
me that they compete and it's like the
whole day it's just been like you know I
sometimes you're just so live as though
there's so many things to do you spend
there's so laser focus and tunnel vision
that you don't really have time to focus
on frivolous things and also just right
after I mean Casey's uh meeting ended
and I hit with the hunger train that's
now I'm like fucking hungry as fuck - so
all that pent-up energy just go under
this hot water and also kind of a gloomy
day like those spring day outside so
with the gloomy day the intense feeling
to get under this hot water it just
feels good if I got to even get a chance
to shower after the gym
just been busy busy busy busy but now it
feels good I am so happy that we were
able to fill this hour the first place
that the whole JK office does accomplish
our and there's been so many times where
we need it was it's when it's a
necessity when after we built something
we're so dirty and soiled
we need a shower so when we were
building this place so it's really
important for us to get a shower but now
it's awesome because I'm not using the
shower as a necessity I'm using it as a
luxury and it feels really good I
literally feel like I have my orgasm on
myself right now
amazing
so uh what being a CEO or working on
today was a treatment for our movie and
the ports of its treatment and why we
treat it with so much care is this
document is like a 1 2 3 page summary on
the movie and this document is what our
cell of the movie is based on so if this
treatment isn't worded correctly in a
very sellable way where not only do our
ideas come across but when a producer or
a studio reads and they go oh this is a
movie that I have to make if it doesn't
come off that way which is really
enlarged by the way but it's really hard
to make some creative business but the
treatment is exactly that has to be
creative but it also has to be pitched
to sell if it doesn't come off that way
then we
lose by getting potential really big
buyers for the movie which means we'll
end up with a low budget which means the
movie's going to come out crappy in
businesses our first movie and there's
just an inclination for the movie to
come out because no one is a hero or a
champion the first time around we still
want to get as much money as we can so
that we can able to get all the funds to
at least make the movie comes to life
the way we envision it so the way we
envision it we want it to have that
Michael Bay's feel but with a great
Disney type of storytelling but also
with that Tarantino edge so as you can
see we're very ambitious with what we
want to accomplish so in order to get
these that way we have to hire the right
talent and with the light palette the
right
right equipment the right locations or
right wardrobe all that tub is gonna
cost a lot of money so that's why this
treatment is so important so we can get
the money we need to make this idea come
to life and honestly I'm really happy
because we're about I would say like two
weeks away from finalizing the treat
that we're really full and once we get
that locked in we could start going
around the studio let's producers and
itching it and this will be the second
project our actually third so good
morning pitch to Jay King his TV show
and you guys know that's in the work we
pinch like seven to eight Mike Lee no no
no holy shit am I getting a fucking
plenty no no no come on and I've been
getting crazy bloody goes down nowhere
these days but they're trying to stay
hydrated
oh so yeah we pitched the JK news TV
show and this will be the second thing
and it also randomly for being PC was a
BBC was meeting the other time we had a
another random idea that's completely
not even comedy and it's more drama
mystery crime thriller based and we
wrote down three men and two cities and
sometimes you know like would you have a
great addition although people don't
stay on topic like if you're working on
this why you jumping board I'm working
on that sometimes when you feel that
creative inspiration and the juices flow
you just gotta run with it you know you
just gotta run with it so in case we
took a chance and we took a break from
the current main movie that we wanted to
make and we feel like we made a really
really dope tree
then it's gonna be a set of the West and
not like the traditional my
stereotypical hand partner but more of
like the Redman type of westwards
old-school frontier raw gritty and yes I
am credit card in my ass and clean my
ass well I'm talking to you but it's
that kind of West like the real West the
West B feel like it's not movie fine you
know where shit can happen there's no
laws and it's a very survivable type of
mentality and that's where the movie is
set and we want to tell the Asian
American story cos Asian Americans have
been in the United States that's the
Golden Rice or even before then but none
of those stories are really told and
Asian Americans have also helped build
the United States as much as their
American counterparts
so we're interlacing that backdrop with
a really cool crime drama type of story
like the imagine strangers names and
Pablo Escobar when I Apollo supported
Naugles had a baby that is what we're
trying to go for and we wrote that
because we ran with my idea we wrote
that in Two Cities which is really
really fast considering all the other
ones in the taking weeks you know so I'm
really really happy about that but after
I shower the reason why I'm showering
behold my gusbands the water school
the reason I'm to shower here and not at
home is even though it's nine o'clock
the day isn't over I still have to film
and wrap up a couple of interviews with
silent like a towbar and so I was
getting really tired so I kind of wanted
to use the shower double both relaxer
but also wake her up when I feel way
better and it's got
the next couple of videos and finally
relax and relax
cuz I'm pretty tired today and sleep
literally flower and hope and ate and
we're here to check up on pop bar which
is a popsicle place that me and Joe and
David have partnered up with Jeremy our
homie Jeremy with and we're checking up
on the construction updates because we
are launching very soon can you give me
a tour of what's going on in this
downtown la spot
