what up guys I'm in downtown LA right
now at the block
it's on what street is it on Jeremy
seventh flower 7 ok 7th and 8th I'm in
seventh and flower and hope and 8th and
we're here to check up on pop bar which
is a popsicle place that me and Joe and
David have partnered up with Jeremy our
homey Jeremy with and we're checking up
on the construction updates because we
are launching very soon can you give me
a tour of what's going on in this
downtown la spot yeah this is the space
this is we're actually on the ground
level the street levels above us yes
walk through this way and show you ok
the subway yes Oh in the future you know
I'm so quick here take it off with Santa
Monica
or head out east towards Arcadia's who's
uh Monrovia that way that's super
convenient right here we go concept yeah
I like Femina something where you just
grab sandwich or
like a little convenience store type
place yeah only way to work then you
have subway Starbucks right here yes
Disney plural building books yeah 24
hours
oh man I love 24-hour things they start
beer why and some other cool stuff that
other Starbucks still you know I heard
that that's one of Starbucks is uh new
concepts they want to start converting
and entering the restaurant space it's
just phones and plans all this where
popper is gonna be oh cool so what we're
hoping to do is you can just walk into
the space
nice here's a pizza joint also after you
eat pizza and hamburgers you can get a
frozen dessert yeah okay so when people
come in they would just come in through
the top they go down to escalator and
then they just come right in here right
and you're here in space that's awesome
right over here you can see they've done
a lot of demolition yes
that's gonna be a diner right here what
kind of time like old-school American
diner where the girls come to you on
rollerskates
I haven't seen the plans but it's gonna
be the diner right here it's gonna be
right next to it a closing concept from
Arts District Alto called a Paulus yeah
be in there with a bunch of other
merchants so there's gonna be fashion
there's gonna be food across the way
there's gonna be even more food
sounds very promising yeah so when you
look for locations what do you look for
do you look for like who the neighbors
are gonna be what kind of traffic this
place is gonna get like how did you
settle on on choosing this place look
for everything parking this place has
parking right upstairs
you see Macy's right Bob yes there's
2,200 parking spaces 2,200 they validate
it they validate so Macy's will validate
you three hours if you just go in and
try on clothing or whatever you ask them
they're really nice about it
Wow we will probably have a validating
validation program and well so there's
parking parking multiple access which
means the trains subways oh yeah like I
said there's a subway over there since
this is called the block it actually is
a entire city block yeah so there's
multiple access points from every side
what else do we look for the lineup of
course the lineup has to be strong so we
knew
the next to a 24-hour Starbucks with
stress traffic all day long and multiple
food concepts TLT is another food
concept yeah I'm truck you're gonna be
right across the way there's gonna be
roll backs new concept adult drink yes
about DRN Kade when I first came to
visit this place I thought there was
gonna be a bunch of like crackheads and
crazy people running wrong because
that's what Downtown LA's failed us but
there's a bunch of normal people just
walking around so I'm really excited
that we're not gonna get vandalized yeah
they have 24-hour security they can they
keep it safe there will be a lot of
events going on here live music this
platform right here yeah right above
Starbucks they often turn that into a
space where they put live bouncer oh so
you can come watch my music just if
we're walking body there now simply a
pop in place it is a former couple we've
been so far it's been pretty successful
are you gonna have a karaoke competition
up there with your wife that's awesome
all right so I did not get lost and I am
NOT on an Indiana Jones Adventure we are
walking through the construction site to
see what it's actually gonna look like
and the corner unit where we were
standing out outside if you could see my
black finger we were right here so the
interest is gonna come in and it's gonna
come all the way through here and
there's gonna be a wall that comes
through this space how many square feet
is this place gonna be Jeremy 715 square
feet oh this is cool are you excited
has your wife visited this place - yeah
so when you guys like go out planning
everything is it mainly you doing all
the stuff for you and your wife or do
you guys have like tasks divided up and
you're like that's it we've learned to
work together learn together
yeah out of all of the concepts you guys
are looking up what made you choose pop
our experience so we knew that pop our
be easy concept to pick up I'm a chili -
yeah just popsicles so and so we have
other things in the works because of pop
bar we've been able to connections we've
been able to curate wow that's genius or
you're using pop are kind of just like
as almost like on-the-job training and
using that as a warm-up and going
through the motions for bigger ideas you
have down the road wow that's so cheesy
because a lot of people they view
business like oh it's so risky gonna
gamble oh no my life save and go down
the drain but for him
like that but you know we do a lot of
research a lot of research we find our
weaknesses and we try to make sure that
we have things in place for that and
that's why we trusted you you know
before I hope you guys can see my face
but before me and Joe we're just
thinking about doing some apartments or
whatever but that's boring as fuck
especially for for people our age and we
want to get behind exciting brands
exciting companies people are doing dope
stuff and Jeremy is Joe's good homey
from back in the day and but we all kind
of got reacquainted with each other
later on in life when were more
successful more business savvy and we
were kind of sharing with each other the
business ventures that we have going on
and when he was explaining what he was
trying to do with popov were like oh
shit man fuck the apartments would you
be down with me and Joe joining you on
Papa and expanding and doing more
locations he's like hell yeah so here we
are now like in the previous previous
previous blogs early on when you saw
Jeremy's face and we were telling about
these secretive business meetings this
is what's coming to fruition we're gonna
open a bunch of frozen dessert places
called pop bar and the first two are
gonna be in downtown LA and Rowland
Heights and Rowland Heights is for all
you Asian motherfuckers out there
because we know we got a bunch of
followers and Downtown LA's for
convenience and the block is an
up-and-coming place it's amazing and
they're really gentrifying downtown LA
so I'm super excited to see not only how
pop art does here but what they do with
this entire space in general peace
I have been one of the most productive
days of the entire year so usually I'm
so busy Monday through Friday I can't
run any errands because a lot of the
places that I do have to run errands
there are open normal work hours but
because we're so busy pretty much from
9:00 a.m. until 10:00 11:00 p.m. at
night run into Friday when I do have
time on the weekends
none of the places that I can run
errands are open I'm a good thing now
though is that because I live in
downtown LA the availabilities open up
because I think they know a lot of
people I live in a little more busy so
one of the things that I've been wanting
to do is get my truck detailed when I
lived in Alhambra Monterey Park all the
car wash places close by Saturday like
half day and Sunday they're not even
open so I was super productive day this
morning you already saw I met up with
Jeremy one of our business partners to
check up on the destruction status of
Pawar that's flowing awesome then even
before that before he even came because
I knew that detailing a truck was gonna
take two to three hours I dropped off my
truck early this morning so that when he
came and picked me up to check up on the
prop wash that is that they can be
working on my truck in the meantime the
simultaneously
so got my truck back completely detailed
completely clean I don't like what
you've guys been seeing because I've
been so busy we had a shoot in the
mountains the other day there's sand
dirt bunch of dust all over the place
because we're moving it was just a
really really dirty truck now the truck
is nice and clean like the way it's
supposed to be and then I made my trip
all the way down to Mountain Valley to
pick up the rifle that you see back
there because I bought this rifle over a
month ago and I really like this rifle
it's a very very rare rifle and it's
like the collector's edition but it's
also very capable and so as soon as they
came out because I wanted it I know it's
gonna go up in value immediately
I bought the rifle but I haven't been
able to go down to bounden Valley which
is about almost empower away from my
house for a long time so I finally did
been able to come out take that a
meanwhile at home I have the Roomba
which is our automatic robot vacuum
running and cleaning the floor because
silent mic is coming who is going to be
a guest is gonna be staying at our place
for entire week so that way I'm having
the house clean awhile and pick up this
rifle and so I'm doing two things at the
same time and the reason why I love Mike
is coming because he's coming and also
home or his office coming he's gonna
stay for a whole week
because today we're teaming up to create
some legit
fitness programs don't want to share
with the public
so both me Omar and or all three of us
me Omar and silent Mike we are high
level if there's with a lot of knowledge
like legit knowledge because of the
people that we rub shoulders we rub
shoulders not just with the regular
personal trainers that workout
commercial gyms but with some of the
lifters and athletes in the nation so we
have a wealth of knowledge but what we
want to do is you want to be able to
take that simplify them and minimize
that and make that knowledge not such a
overwhelming burden for the common
person so I would like the voice it is
family member like Godwin was Six Pack
Shortcuts used to come on and before
people thought it was a hoax it watch it
up in the whole shoe these are some
quick workouts I can do my home or I can
do some quick workouts at the gym that
can give me some results that's not
everyone is trying to deadlift 600 or
bench 400 know some people they just
want to be a better version of
themselves so because of that nice I
love Mike and Omar we want to take our
legitimacy and the actual knowledge and
science based training that we know and
make that into a program that can
benefit just the common person they can
get everybody so that's our glow so
they're coming down for this week we're
gonna be brainstorming shooting a lot of
videos for our new company that we're
starting up and I'm really really
excited about this because until this
time up until this point like all the
barbell Brigade stuff we're servicing
pretty much the intermediate to advanced
level lifter like everyone that watches
barbell majority compete
in either onstage doing bodybuilding
physique shows or policy or Olympic
weightlifting and all our friends
Charlie from Calculon kilos a sponsor
Olympic barbell and slingshot like
everyone or record holders a big market
or group of people that we know in our
colleagues we operate at such a high
level and that's not relatable you don't
like not everyone like I said it is
trying to be the best person in the
world so to be able to combine all this
knowledge and simplify and making
digestible more even like someone like
my mom can jump on a a bleep fat loss
program or my little cousin who just got
into lifting it just wants to put 20
pounds on his bench we can give them
that program and you can put 20 pounds
on his bench in eight weeks you know so
we're trying to come up with these these
are programs that are very simple to
follow and people can can run them and
be very successful on them and but to
have it be science back we just saw
solid like bench for all filed on pile
of bench Rob either this year so we know
we're talking about so I'm really
excited about that this is I'm super
happy for today and now I'm vlogging
while I'm driving back like this is the
most productive day that I've had so far
in a long time in a non work environment
and I'm really happy we have window
washers because this is industrially
dirty really you know what's up what uh
this morning it was super dewy outside
yeah so I had no view about really yeah
just like foggy yeah super funny the day
that I'm actually waiting for it is the
day when it rains it's either gonna look
horrible you're not driving in the rain
you can't see shit just blobs of water
yeah or if I get to see Miss
like a very beautiful view of La that I
think very few people get to see you I
can't let's go slow
and I know I just I think you're just
out of it I'm really exhausted I'm
really happy though that I'm a very
productive day so I know we haven't been
together all day and this is our first
time together we did have dinner
together though without after me doing
of building things that you guys saw
know what it's it in a nutshell morning
as soon as I woke up I dunno I dropped
off the truck because I knew of a
vehicle Jeremy and check out the
construction of it's on pop bar so while
I was meeting there there were
chi-chi-chi
what I was doing and after that came
back to another booba so it's clean and
then I go to the right wall and come
back some mics here and I cleaned out
the boxes you're gonna clean up clean
data and then what's the gym I went then
what's a target got sauna Mike the Betty
he's gonna stand for a week and then BAM
we met up and then we had dinner and I
had such a productive day ran all kinds
of errands and picked up the dog for
clean up the tongue pick up the dog fur
is the most random is should ever
because I already told you I have had
sent on a schedule so what made you want
to do that they just look extra hairy
and since we have a guest house it
wasn't as like intense as yours I think
I think for most of you guys or at least
for me it doesn't sound like a very
intense day but then I gotta remember
that we live in LA and everything's
driving is like at minimum of 20 minutes
so then I got him in by myself cuz it
didn't sound like a productive day
well if I start putting time codes to
everything like what time I woke up at
8:30 and then I brought over the truck
and nine o'clock they are washing their
fourth he telling they told me gonna be
done by 11:30 so I woke up and then I
what I do I met with Jeremy at 10:00 and
then we walked around till 12:00 doesn't
everything came back Wow Wow got the
truck yeah there's a lot of construction
updates and then picked up the the truck
and then at the gun is in Fountain
Valley which is all in Orange County
that our yeah that's on my bus it's 2
p.m. so it's like like I said I just got
a remind us up that things are really
spread out on here that's all I'm not
turned on undercut you think Oh for me I
really do crazy intense stuff but I did
something it was super important and
very valuable to me and something that I
are really appreciating we should be
more of weekend that was actually friend
bonding and although we do work with all
of our friends I'm fortunate and I love
that and I really appreciate that
because it's worth we kind of don't have
time to sit there and bond and just just
do nothing together and just laugh and
crack jokes yeah we do do that over
dinner without any work with it it
topics yeah or without feeling that
whole day of work and then you're kind
of trained already and then you go into
this really cool conversation it was
just a day of female bonding so woke up
super early today I took care of the
pups I'd sue them out to go pee and poo
before you woke up oh oh oh you didn't
thank you um and then I met up my
girlfriend Priscilla which is churls
girlfriend signed us up for a Pilates
class something that I've been looking
forward to doing for a really long time
I was either gonna be yogurt Pilates but
I really like Pilates machines like the
resistance machines if they use so I'm
pretty sore already these are muscles
use and I feel like that's kind of
what's exciting for me it's just the
unknown in Fitness and just trying a
different discipline and fitness I feel
like no fitness discipline is way more
important or better than any other I
just feel like they all serve a very any
purpose
so it was really cool that I was able to
experience Pilates and I'm actually I
signed up for like five cause I'm in a
half a class oh yeah so it'll be really
nice to do powerlifting and then Pilates
on the you know my off days met with
them oh and TIFF was a last-minute
addition we met with her and we're like
I guess weightlifting just really wasn't
working out for her or just didn't click
or shivay with it as much but she
decided to come in Pilates and I just
wanted to invite her to start she liked
Pilates uh saltmarshes says she likes it
but this is the first class you can't
engage it so we did that and then our
butts were burning like there's this
machine right and that like resistance
bend at the bottom and they all have
different color coding I don't
understand what those things mean just
yet but she'll tell you okay put one
thing on red yellow and blue and then
you like hook up these like spring
things and then take this bore that
swipe up and down so depending on what
it is that you're doing you can like you
could go from like the squat and then
you like push yourself all the way
forward so you're lying flat on your
back and then it has a different
resistance bands or your arms and your
legs and we're doing circular it was
just a lot of really cool
um and then after that they were like
are you guys hungry and we're ready in
Hollywood so like yeah let's eat so we
eat at this cafe called scrumptious like
this organic place I don't think you've
ever been there I've never been there
who's half outdoors mean the outdoors
and like a little cafe area on the
inside oh cool super mom-and-pop food
was really really good we got like three
big dishes do you walk in through the
front and the outsides open yeah you
walk through it to the building and then
then there's a so you don't paint
underneath a roof yeah we ordered three
really big dishes and because we all
don't ever finish our food what we
suffer for its finish her food we are
not really we got two big dishes and
then and we stayed talking till about
like one we just want a smart bonding
yeah it was really really nice cuz
doctor still is someone that I will get
to hang out with munch but I really like
her and I really respect her yeah and
like girls are boy you know so totally
cool to make a significant other except
for like it really tells you a lot about
you know the other person so she's just
a really stand-up girl really cool
driven very independent super cute she's
like super Femi like if you guys know
churro he's like this like really like
no filter super kind-hearted hilarious
like clown with like a stallion and like
accident on a dolly so I was talking
like that and then you meet his
girlfriend or his counterpart for solo
who's like this very like DT very polite
very classy Dorothy from Wizard of Oz
she's like Dorothy from Wizard of all
this big description so it's so funny to
like hear her side of the story that
whatever stores show us all this time
likes to do there listening to him like
that is funny trail set the same story
but completely fucked it up or his
perspective was way funnier um so this
is really cool like getting to know her
a little bit better
let than be able to bond that some
friends finally on a day off
yeah I think it's super important like
again we get to work with each other but
working and just doing nothing together
you get a completely different side of a
person so like this is one of my closest
friends and I don't really get to talk
to too much I see her all the time but
she's busy doing her work obviously do
my work and it's very fleeting like hey
what's up
bye and then we kind of split and go
into her separate departments yeah so it
was really nice just kind of I kind of
minded me a Korean barbecue yesterday
where like me in case you're sitting
next to each other and we we meet a lot
on the future film and stuff so we work
a lot together but then we never really
get to share our thoughts and opinions
on non-work things so when we're able to
do that that's when we're able to bond a
lot which is really cool and I heard us
saralyn Katie talking yeah that's it
well it was really really clear like
sometimes when you just talk about
work-related stuff you kind of get into
the logical mindset and it's self
service and then it becomes a little
more surfaced and you're analyzing
things too much as they're just feeling
and bonding with people and so that's
that's always really really good yeah I
did that with Evan I mean our little boy
I mean he cool yeah I got to sit next to
when we're just talking I was looking at
I'm like oh shit is the first time we're
not talking the work shit it was really
cool yeah I think everyone in our
circles really fucking cool everyone's
fucking awesome yeah I couldn't have
asked for a better team on both sides
yeah absolutely
yeah you look exhausted I'm fucking
exhausted you look like you're like this
I'm fucking exhausted so much it
honestly I will take a shower and just
pass the fuck out but I have one more
meeting left and I'm waiting for a woman
ass month to come back down from Vegas
because me sound of Mike and Omar we
have one more meeting to kind of wrap up
everything a figure hold it and do this
weekly out on the web but we just want
to schedule a daily and figure out the
logistics for everything because I don't
like the food with us or more awesome
off is going to be staying with his
girlfriend in LA so we just want to
coordinate everything to make sure
everything's cool so even though I want
to pass out really Tyra stuff or movie
little nut nebula Oh at this time I'm
not gonna wake up I'm gonna share all
that with me and we got the fondant hook
them up a potato
I know thank you thank you all right
what about the day of them
you
