what up guys I am tired
I just finished training and filming
with Charl and Omar and it's supposed to
be a rest week not a recipe from
training because I trained pretty much
every single week throughout the entire
year whether I travel or not but it's
supposed to be a rest week from filming
and shooting and usually how we
stockpile for Marlo Brigade is will
shoot two weeks on and then when we got
and that gives me a break and that gives
me one week of really good in the zone
training where I can just really focus
on myself because when I'm training and
shooting and I'm training for camera and
not only am i trying to perform from
camera making sure the angles longer
than the deciding will rocker make sure
that angles are good but also while I'm
training I'm kind of keeping little
mental notes of little insights
techniques little golden nuggets of
knowledge that I can pass on to the
bottle brigade channel and because of
that I'm kind of pulled out of the zone
you know like you know when you're
running and once you get that rhythm
going and you get that runners hot if
you're just in the zone you're like yeah
I can do like three four miles of this
thing and when I'm lifting weights is
the same old is the same way I turn on
my favorite music or put on headphones
in and boom I'm like training training
training set after said me and the other
guy go back and forth
and it's just a really good change that
should probably not film it puts a break
into it and the training that I feels
like work and so I was really looking
forward to this week
but because me Omar and silent Mike
we're launching our new ebook a program
training website I had to schedule a
shoot they would surely cuz we need
photos to fill out the website and that
kind of like gave me epiphany where I
was like oh I could have swarmed six
months ago I was telling myself I'm
completely maxed up I got jk jk party JK
news a feature film a TV show we're
trying to pitch margul brigade gym
barbell Brigade apparel the cloud we
have a jump cut Academy and all these
things pas parler from the frozen desert
place I got so many things going on in
my life I'm fucking maxed out I'm not
going to take on any more projects and
then Here I am hell taking on another
project and the epiphany that I got was
you know assurance that you're hustling
as an entrepreneur student sometimes you
just take on classes right there like
I'm maxed out and then you join a new
club and then you're the autumn maxed
out every single time you feel like
you're maxed out it only takes a few
months or a few weeks for you to feel
like I'm used to this I can take on more
work and that's kind of what happened
where like I felt like I was maxed out
but I'm silent Mike and all more
presented me with this opportunity I
looked at the opportunity and I thought
it was just such a dope venture that all
the I could make it fit and it wasn't
until today around my own shell and now
it's kind of invading into my personal
training time and this week I wanted to
just relax and be able to get in the
zone and train hard but now I can
excited this photo shoot but I am happy
for because the training that we have or
the
the e-book and eat programs are going to
make available I'm super excited about
them because what we're trying to do is
so me sila Megan home are we kind of
come from different walks of life with
way different training experience but
very similar similar knowledge and
ultimately to where all three of us are
natural athletes we're not drug enhancer
not on steroids and so what we want to
create is one because we're all natural
athletes we feel like with our thirty
years of combined experience we can
provide very effective training systems
that people cannot feel this nick
expectations for you know there's a lot
of like IG models and stuff out there
where they're on drugs are on steroids
don't tell anyone to go you'll buy my
program and then you're on the program
like a whole year you're like how come I
don't look like one Idol or anywhere
close and it's because they're not
revealing the truth about the drugs or
the stories that they take not to
knocked on them but that's just the
truth of it for me Oman something might
we consider sells like the last of like
the natty came tumblin on YouTube and we
want to take our knowledge and give it
to the masses like take very elite high
level knowledge but benefit the average
person does not everyone must it be a
Ali paladin you're not everyone wants to
deadlift 700 pound or bench for 500
pounds some people
just want to bench 225 to please some
people just want to squat 250 300 you
know and so what we want to do is take
our of effective science proven
knowledge and give it to the average
person to help them achieve their goals
and so when I was presented with this
opportunity I was I go I got to begin in
silent mic he trains everyone from
CrossFitters to strongman to some of the
top athletes in the nation Omar has 10
years of personal training under his
belt and for me I feel like I'm just an
average Joe like I don't have elite
genetics I'm I wasn't in serie strong
and everything that I am I worked really
really hard for it and because of that I
have a lot of trial and error and I feel
like I have a lot of wisdom in that
regard like I didn't start how's that
thing they tell us in my late 20s and
I'm still able to pull 600 budget which
i think is really good I compete on 165
181 198 220 and now back down to 210 so
I feel like I have a lot of experience
to arm so when they came together they
pushes my ear to me I'm like dude I
gotta be in in it so I was like you know
when I'm up trying to figure out a way
to like squish this into my schedule as
I squish it into my schedule I didn't
really feel the aftermath and the
consequence of it until today when I was
looking for to just training and half
farmer training but I wasn't kind of
able to do that but you know work is
working and once you get things going
things will kind of chill out I hope
right you heard me say that a million
times but that also gave me my second
epiphany which is I really think this
time this time I'm really matched up not
going to take on any more projects just
because I feel like my time is getting
kind of spread thin and if I want things
to do well it's going to require a lot
of effort and focus and energy on my
part so the morale spread thin the less
energy I'm able to put into those
departments and
those departments are going to be able
to thrive as much as I want to
so that's something that's important and
more importantly next year me and Geo
would you want to try having kids so I
got if anything I pull back I gotta pull
back from the stuff that I have going on
because if I think I'm busy now I want
you throw a kid and that's even more
busy I feel like raising a kid it is
like opening a tattered brand new
business you know like it's day and
night you gotta you got to be there all
the time there's emergencies that
happens just like having a business so I
want to make sure I'm ready for the kid
and me and Joe even talked about it
might start scaling back on a lot of the
JK endeavors just because I think over
the last 10 years with we've been able
to build a very strong JK foundation so
now what it takes for JQ to thrive is
more of the white collar you know very
cerebral strategies rather than putting
on the blue collar type of paper not a
lot of new businesses near like for
example bottle we get a pair we still
don't do a lot of stuff to add and get
dirty with it just because we don't have
the manpower in the infrastructure
boards that blossom that way yet but JK
we've been doing it for 10 years so now
we can make moves on a very white-collar
level which is cool so we can scale back
in terms of hours but still keep our
efforts high so those are just some
thoughts that I had like while I was
driving after I Trina might do you know
everyone always thinks they're busy but
then when you think fabula wait I said I
was busy three years ago I'm not that
busy and in three years before that I
said I was also busy so everyone always
thinks are busy but there's always ways
to add things to your plate but also I
think it's really important to figure
out when it is you are really really
busy to the point where if you're
starting to feel burnout we do got to
take a couple steps back and I think
that's when vacations do really well
because when I go to Hawaii and like
right now like Thursdays on my like my
off days I feel like I'm chillin but I'm
really still answering like 20 texts 50
emails I'm still researching stuff here
and there and I think that's chilling
just just because my normal busy day
it's like I'm here I'm there I'm here
I'm there I'm driving all over the place
I having all kinds of meetings so my
threshold is so high but when you go to
Hawaii
really chill the fuck out on one
occasion to really chill out and you do
nothing and you put your phone in the
car nearly on the beach for two hours
that's really nothing that's really
important to life it's all about balance
man so now I'm just gonna take a shower
you gotta get gone with the day I'm
still busy I just took a little quick
break right now
drink some ice-cold water from my lovely
fridge that has ice cubes how we get on
the day
I need you fucking camera shit no I just
wanted to tell you a secret I haven't
seen no we can't what
so you know how I was trying to organize
that one get-together for G oh yeah we
it didn't go down cutting G was just so
busy that she just wanted to chill and
then like the thought of even planning
like a potluck or a barbecue it's just
like fun people have to come in we have
to organize the ballet and then you know
people leave then we have to clean up
there's just too much of a hassle but
then I know like Gio has like just
Mexican Mexicans love get the others at
parties I was like we gotta do at least
one thing that's little so earlier I
went to uh Bottega Louie and then I got
her I got a I got a cake and then I got
her it's like full of fruits and then I
also got her like a big-ass box of
macaroons and then her mom's gonna come
- at 6:45 so we'll have like a little
get-together it's a little secret a lot
of laughs in my face burger I know not
really cuz she was Ragland about him I
know it's you know honestly like God cuz
I in the text that I was organizing with
everyone I put Gio's a cellphone in
there too and then she had even asked me
she's like wait did you forget and you
absently put my number in there was this
supposed to be a secret and I was like
no I just put your number in there
because I don't want to forget to tell
you so now you're filled in on the
information okay
okay that's pretty nice of you I was
like oh when you texted it I'll give you
my guitar this work fuck about this
we'll have it three funny how like you
know this is your fucking favorite yeah
I'll be pretty funny
notice I asked her to I was like hey is
there anything you want for your
birthday
writing now like we're both financially
stable enough where if we wanted
something I just get a she just gets it
so there's nothing really that we can
really get each other it's not like you
know like I can fire a fucking TV or
something or do you have everything we
want I think what a couple stuff like
every time I think about gifts it's not
it's not based on disabilities everyone
I have to think about something I've
done that connects to so chocolate in or
some Johnny sentimental everything has
to be sent out because I have a certain
point to shove a job to come by
everything else about moments and then
yeah
and she loved it does he so any
or back in the bath no don't do for
validated again yeah me cash huh I got I
should have asked you for a present i
buy some presents there's there's we
just redo all the old stuff I just look
cause I used to be really creative for
one of her birthdays I went to the
trophy store and I made a trophy that
says Geo world's best girlfriend and I
gave her a trophy for her birthday baby
no yeah I gave her flowers to her makes
it like I feel like my Creek creativity
is just exhausted now we've been
together for like it's gonna be no I
eight years oh shit it's gonna be eight
years this year that's hard so I ran out
ideas I believe in a few years
yeah and it's already getting a little
more difficult down because you've done
everything yeah a lot of firsts or not
so that was like how can i one of that
so I hope I started really shit that
sort of started shitty and I just let it
upgrade yeah but that was like well I
want her to feel like she's not special
that's true it's hard
or cortical data everything but now she
takes a little bit more memory
I feel like everything is done because I
get last year I think I got the most
sentimental thing which is that Tyson
blanket you know I got all the pictures
of her and Tyson I got a blanket me cuz
even last year we were financially
stable too so I was like what else can I
do but I haven't had another dog that
died so I can't make it on a blanket
you're dead
here's the Blake good it'll be funny
I says you were a lot of you if you fire
casket shit off of it but turned out a
little bit hella funny and cute
see that's the other thing I don't have
enough time I know it's hard a big time
I know they're landing in to celebrate
our oh shit so you just skipped it did
you guys just text each other was a
one-year anniversary oh but it's an
annual when it's not like a monthly one
that we own fish oh yeah yeah that was
like I saw that they up right I think
I'll have to figure out what I'm gonna
do with that yeah
that's true well hopefully this small
little sentimental thing plays on she
enjoys it
that's good that's I have to go with
mixing girls at low standards
what are your parents doing here what
are your parents doing here
oh shit I'm not even by my I'm getting
scolded
why are you getting scold it I don't
know first oh let's go check out on the
first and come inside I don't know I
don't even know why you came out here
this supposed to be is supposed to be a
surprise
oh you're supposed to be working oh I
heard very scientists everything I hear
I'll have it to your hair Oh
why what happened nothing I bought a
cake are we going no we're using
I know the whole plan was ruined cuz how
distracted ya know so like I think her
mom came in and then em but Jill so
distracted our work that she got
distracted costly on her watch your
tongue oh joy Oh gonna translate for
push Mexico like likes you over here
okay bye Hey
who ruined your also
Hey
yeah
I got you a cake oh my god Tommy shit I
got you some stuff hold on I'm gonna go
get it
I got some stuff it's in the fridge it's
in the fridge put it in here earlier
it's a secret I got her a cake from
bodega Louie here's a cake there's a
cake for you what do you want to do it I
don't think this bullshit over there the
plan was ruined can't believe it that's
what happens when you have a nosy wife
neat every little sound she has to do
with them with dead jizz so nosy that
she ruined her own surprise hey I also
got her these macaroons I got you these
macaroons too
yeah yeah
so later 703 7 oh my god
so lay your birthday present
yo everyone always needs this large
Petri shirt yeah I just wondered
open it
Glenn Wow I made it
okay don't worry the surprise has
already been ruined in many ways
happy birthday
be back
Hey
oh happy birthday
all right
so we're ending our day in the hot tub
of course your favorite place don't like
the hot zone
I love the hot tub it is looks on your
favorite place well it's not my favorite
place only because I have to like this
this area like because we come so late
we don't get towel service so I don't
bring a towel might lose you towel
service I know but well I brought myself
today but I don't bring my towel and I'm
freezing and I like the temperature
change I have to travel like from here
arrival they get cold so fast I use the
word travel well what happens have to
commute all the way even the definition
of travel what does that mean from point
A to point B right that's the definition
of it well my definition I'm using it
correctly well some people would just
say when I walk to my room cuz it travel
also has connotation of rhombus they're
smart they're educated why are you
cutting them down even putting knobs up
either so when I move from point A to
point B my fucking bad blood circulation
looks probably because I get cool so
damn fast
they draw like I get cold my temperature
drops from the fast and I'm just like
Luigi hue or green I'm like oh he's
ditching you cuz I'm trying to get to
the elevator as quickly as possible and
then in the elevator I'm do it my little
like what are they wearing my robe I
have a very fluffy white robe what I
feel bad cuz and I'm like fuck I should
get one of those some like that like I'm
ill prepared and I don't take it a few
because I'm a loser I don't mind I don't
get caught okay well I don't I was just
trying to be fair
what I wanted to ask you was so even
though your birthday got your birthday
surprise god I don't know why everyone
kept saying next I'm just like for me it
was still a surprise cuz everyone
started coming out I think it's a
surprise for you that was so happy but
you guys kept saying it was ruined so
I'm like oh should I not be this happy
like what that was going on I think I
was competing I think people thought it
was moon because we had a plan so the
plan was everyone was gonna meet at my
office at 7:00 and your mom was supposed
to come at 6:45 in the front I was gonna
bring her and then we were gonna sing a
happy birthday along walking into bar
burger to your desk but because you came
out and you saw your mom that everyone
that was coming I was like oh shit uh
what's going on a fucking the baby came
out she became my joking I was like I
think I like this better
I like how I room this confused this
book and they were like very rude yeah
this woman both are really cool I think
just the fact that like everyone was
cutting their date and like whatever
they were working on and had me in mind
because they wanted to make me happy
like I thought that was like already
dovish but there's like this that suck
enough I do get I think there's this
homeless person that keeps yelling like
he's dying
I'm doing shut about always a crow but
now I'm thinking there is someone
screaming yeah that's it is here that's
what it is because I hired that guy for
you
most people who people like the higher
than fucking violin the violin is robot
higher specific screaming man for your
birthday I am did you have a memorable
birthday because this is the first one I
mean yesterday we're talking about how
you wanted to chill birthday but then I
also felt like the Christian we weren't
able to celebrate with girlfriend I
didn't feel like I was her friends
didn't feel like a fulfilling birthday
so I kind of want everyone to be there
with you so I wanted to relive it a
little bit that it feel good with a
little pink yeah it was beautiful boots
code oh yeah it was awesome it was
perfect
cuz um I just didn't want to
inconvenience anyone I like I know
everyone's super busy so the fact that
like I still like I didn't get to
intrude on anyone I was like oh this is
cool like it's a regular day and no one
has to feel any sort of pressure stress
do anything like they just said happy
birthday and we just went on about our
life and I thought that was Phillip at
the fact that it still happened like all
the way I'm used to have bad birthday
and they kick it all that up like that
but this was a sledge of Bowl
we all had a good time we all got to
taste really yummy each one of my
favorite things about these three places
both check and get look no
you
