I just got home from the gym and the
pup-pups
right here are outside on the patio look
at that but the daytime view of our
patio and since we don't get to walk
them as often as we would like to we get
walked every four hours for sure or
that's that's a third one but if they're
with us to get they get walked all the
damn time but at nighttime I feel bad so
I'll leave this open and then they can
come in and out as they please to pee
and poo on this patch of grass so it's
this delivery service that's really cool
and it's like actual grass and that's
literally what it's made for it's made
for the dogs to pee a poo and it's a
subscription not a brand deal I promise
but it was just this product or the
service that I came across and I was
really cool
and I've been trying to train them so
Greggy
and fawn oh sorry Brittany and meatloaf
actually nailed it and about two days oh
no yesterday he both came outside so I
only had this thing for a day or two
both came outside separate times and
they peed and they pooed on this thing
and it was awesome but the only bummer
is that fawn is afraid of anything and
it's easily distracted huge noise or the
she is scared and it prevents her peeing
and pooing on yours
I'm going to keep bringing her out every
single hour just kind of show her that
this is safe it's okay you can come out
here you compete and get some Sun
don't worry about it I think one of my
methods is going to be rewarding her
giving her her favorite snack although
she's not really food motivated that
might be a challenge but she really
loves these little these little chicken
treats it's likely Hydra chicken
dehydrated chicken she really really
likes it so I'm going to try my best to
positively reinforce her every single
time that should have something good so
instead of looky what I should have been
doing is she's out here she should chill
I should be giving her this chicken but
I fucked up cuz I really just wanted to
show you guys this really cool service
again it's not a brand deal I just
thought was super cool so anybody that's
trading a puppy or whatever it's the
tree I think it's it's a classic tray
and this is for larger dogs I think it's
25 pounds and plus and it was like 80
bucks for the tray and then $40 a month
or knows how $40 every two weeks
or sit on it cuz UK get off get off you
can't let them get used to laying there
because that's where the piston puen I
don't know why yeah it's a lay there so
you have to make sure to correct that
immediately but yeah this is for
extra-large dogs that are twenty five
pounds plus and then you have like
different subscriptions they can send
you a free patch of grass every week
every two weeks every month you are the
one that's choosing how often you want
to receive
for me I don't know yet this is the
first week I've ever had it so I chose
to get it every two weeks but in seeing
the size of them in comparison to the
patch of grass I was just like oh you're
gonna go she ate a go-go Pete poopy girl
go Pete grow cool Pete let's go poopy
poopy come on fun
you playing with my emotions but yeah
seeing at their size in comparison to
the size of the grass patch I think I'm
going to order double so it'll be this
whole area here will just be grass for
them to pee or really relieve themselves
on you see this morning they went that's
what the shit bags are for
yeah don't lay on it get off don't lay
on it it's not for you to have a good
time it's for you to pee and poop God
dang it
so yeah again if he has an apartment if
a new puppy or you're at the office and
it's hard for you to take your pup up
outside this is a really cool service
the one I went through I think this
brush patch but there's multiple ones
I've heard of tiny lawns I've heard of I
don't know you can just Google like you
know pet I don't know - of grass or
something they're synthetic and then
there's a real time I went further or I
opted for the real kind just because
synthetic you have to wash it and then
it traps all the piss and the poo in
there and I just thought it was a very
sanitary on this grass though is really
cold because it lasts a long time they
say about two weeks Jeff I was really
focus on watering it regularly and it's
getting pissed on every single day and I
think they use some sort of hydroponics
type of technology which allows for it
to last longer I don't know the science
behind it it just sounded super fancy in
comparison to all the other brands that
I was looking into so this one
got my money and so far so good yeah so
you're training a puppy are you know you
live in a department or taking it to
work I highly recommend the service
super cool
the only thing you got to do is just
pick up the piste once its
after two weeks of books dead you rolled
it up throw it out you can do better
bing botta boom badda boom ba ba ba ba
ba boo alright I'm gonna take these guys
insides I think they're dying
what we go what are you guys doing I'm
trying to be a Christian not to go
breakdancing you're what
you're good at breakdancing on back to
your business are you really jealous
what do you sir Dasani what we doing
why no she's decided what she's doing I
want her to stay if I miss her but you
didn't even tell her that you got a new
tattoo biatch I got this neat how do you
guys what's the significance behind the
first of all let's see the tattoo all
right wait no let me tell you before you
guys are like oh no one's gonna say that
no one even knows who you are
well this is Barton geo channel not the
red channel okay take a look at this we
tattoo guys and it looks so good it
looks fake it is actually there really
can I rub it yeah no okay when did you
get it I got on Sunday last weekend I
went to San Francisco with my entire
family when I say like in PI or family
all my relatives that live here and oh
here LA right here yeah so my cousins
everybody how many people 17 of us oh
shit so my ad from the Philippines flew
into San Francisco because it was her
son oh it was her birthday but her son
goes to school in San Francisco so we
all went there and then just hung out we
went to the Golden Gate Bridge
then so long my 20 years I think all
together all this together and then for
the moment my mom is just like hey did
you want your tech Wow
wait a minute let's backtrack just a
little bit so your mom is okay with
tattoos yes but not visible one but I
don't understand like so she wants it in
invisible ink
no if she wanted it like on my back oh I
can't see because jobs you know what she
said oh you know what if you had to get
another job and they see you tested yeah
right yeah right and I was just like no
I'm from a blah blah blah oh that's
crazy
cuz your mom's Asian and usually the
stereotype is that like they're
completely against tattoos she was but
the thing was really funny it was she
called him was like can you go this
weekend our baby no why would work I
don't think I can make it and then I'm
just something hanging up jokingly was
like mom if I gotta tell you let me get
a tattoo as I don't know this weather
she's like yeah just just go this
weekend and then I was like okay but
this I didn't know she would still like
let me so the whole weekend she's like
hey I want to get a tattoo you get it
right now and my aunt's were like yeah
you know we're all here it'll be
sentimental like everybody was just like
watch you need to get it yeah absolute
so I was like yeah let's do it
so my cousin and I got it my sister
chickened out but yeah the place was
really cool she's really nice I really
liked it what what is that what does
that mean for you what is what you're
testing and if it doesn't have a meeting
that's okay too because my tattoos don't
want me my sister actually put a really
good me
to it even more than just me loving San
Francisco and us just as a family always
just going there for vacations she's
like hey you know a bridge connects
people or connects things so this could
be a connection to your family like that
so I was like sure yeah baby but how did
the process start to you found how did
you find this artist uh luckily my aunt
knew a friend or my ass friend knew
someone that on a tattoo place and
squeeze this in she's like I'm really
blood until October but I understand
like when it's just people that are in
town for X amount of time like you
really want to get a tattoo she was
really nice so she's like yeah you know
like I understand so nice pleased you
guys in and you know oh yeah I saw I
found it on Pinterest I found like
something like this and she mocked it up
so it's not what was all pictures is
just something simple like oh okay and
then where was it originally supposed to
be on my wrist so it was supposed to be
really really tiny and then she was
trying to frame it in a circle and I
didn't like that and I was like you know
what let's do my arm I was like let's
try it it's crazy I was like I want to
sleep eventually and then she did ish
put a stencil on there I do this is
amazing do it go is this your first
tattoo what was the experience like of
course painful but how painful because
depending on the body part it hurts
differently too so on the inside when
you
go inside more it's the words like just
mighty I was clenching my teeth and then
when she goes outside like weird like
sensation it's actually it's more like
he'll just keep going I keep doing it on
the outside and then you know once you
go in warriors like it was super
sensitive onions I'm uber sensitive and
I just was like just get it over with
I didn't stop she just kept going and
then an hour later was done she's okay
I'm done she's it in an hour oh shit
that's cool that's cool I think the
stencil the drawing of it it looks
really cool took a lot longer than her
tattooing in yeah as it started peeling
yeah um a lot of the Reds is peeling it
always makes me so sad when it peels
because it looks so vibrant and your
skin's raised so it looks really clean
really sharp and then little by little
it gets faded I mean you can always get
it touched up but realistically I don't
know anyone that does that right I would
have to go back there for her to touch
up she says like a lot of artists tattoo
artists won't do that another
artists they won't finish it that's for
sure I didn't know about touch-ups
that's crazy yeah she's like such a good
comeback oh shit
how are you planning your second tattoo
and where would it be exact
okay so it's still gonna cut like focus
on family stuff so I'm going to try to
get flowers that are might be like
family's worth it like the flower that
designated to their birthday oh cool
hopefully come up to my shoulder and
then like big-ass flowers next what's
the most important obviously the mom my
aunt moves like always been there and so
like little one but the husband's that
were there and then like my sister of
course but hopefully IANA that's tight
where did you get the idea of having a
sleep he looks really cool damned walk
into you and you have no other tattoos
anywhere else
dan I'm just kidding Oh Oh like what I
don't know anything about you yeah I
didn't know you had a damn tattoo cero
of all people you you had a tattoo that
book how do you feel about that oh um
I've never been more hopper
vision right is red even your real name
that's actually not fun yellow did you
know that you go to the finger I know
are you even feel of it you're Mexican I
fucking knew it
hey much really cousin we are what does
she say about your tattoo do the
handshake I mean your piercing your Wang
piercing those piercing he's it but
she's okay with the tattoo you be still
oh you're crazy
well good job it's always fun and it's
really addicting I really like the pain
I love the game so and yeah I don't know
yeah I'm not really thinking about a
tattoo I was thinking about a foot one
here for a minute
I wanted one here and then I wanted
something here I'm not a big fan of
tattoos on the body like I never wanted
all my ball really yeah like I don't
want it just I'll do that oh dude
Filipino ones like this tribal shittier
the Filipino ones look really badass
you know there's a member at the gym who
has those people that
things like he gonna um yeah me too
folder do you mean the proper lunch or
they actually do it with it they're not
supposed to if you're not well that
Polynesian kind that that's the pricking
where they use that stick that's a
traditional kind and if you're not
Polynesian you're not allowed to get it
on that way a plane thank you have you
seen the ones what they do know and it's
Polynesian so don't bring the phone
oh no but that that that needle that
stabbing thing they're not they can't do
it if you're not pani yeah I don't know
what that is
god I don't like birds and they put ink
on at the same time obviously gets Fiji
and I could have just made up and
drifted but I haven't really I had a
friend that I was just way back and
that's how he but he's them are you
gonna like Bailey is a liar he ran you
can't no you can do it he's not what
nobody watches this shit come on nobody
watches it what's that - the two people
hey mom better watch I'm just yeah we do
oh and then future dead ends of the past
what's up Dems of the future alright Ren
well shit let me know next time you get
one at least at least after you get it
and not me finding out through someone
else
yeah promise I'll look at evading find
you're not crossing your feet
show me popper just showing you some
b-roll that I shot from a couple days
ago then this nice bikini cool huh yeah
you're pretty proud of yourself well I
don't have to do any work I just thought
the landscape look really good and I
just to bed you're in the shot with your
ghetto ass standing on the freakin butt
that's us though we're ghetto we like
cool stuff we like good things I think
that's a lot of normal people that is
look at that bikini babe a bikini baby
not everyone's presentable all the time
look at this one
you're good you're good at this cela Wow
beautiful Wow whoa whoa whoa I wanted to
get a couple good ones so that Nadine
pictures which take you like oh the
helicopter to that big candy yeah you
could smell her but I got some the bees
that does that me me so who's filming
you I love you oh good see fuck that's
ghetto how got ghetto
I'm walking the dogs I'm a ninja turtle
ninja turtle lives in the city do you
have fun filming these be roles yeah I
have a lot of fun because sometimes you
know because of the sound situation or
where we're at we're limited to our
audio and sometimes I still want to
capture a part of
life holy crap this vid this is a
horrible you shot it I'm sorry but
sometimes uh excluding the audio and
even though the audio is not in perfect
condition they still are able to capture
part of our lives and share with people
honey that's fucking awesome that's why
I really like getting b-roll
I think the bureau's with people that
Mir you yeah probably me I don't know oh
no maybe you uh how's that nothing me in
any believable yeah I did that one big
CUNY he liked beer oh I like vlogs cuz
it's been really it's been a really cool
ride and we can't because we're so busy
we kind of forget all the stuff that we
do yeah until we see the volkema we're
like oh yeah we did then we get to
capture so many memories it's like a
digital photo album like we have videos
we have videos of Tyson and and patches
that's all true it's like it's a great
way to like keep memories of yourself
look yeah driving through town damn you
look boss with a bridge bikini
you're good you're sexy you promise
well I said too much what do this
everything you got pulled over
no I put on the on the vehicle cars they
get on the side of the side mares I
might not the vehicle today
yeah you put on the side mirror damn
slam through the streets
damn you great bureau my parole sucks
you got to teach me your ways master
won't show you I know yeah but you got
the eye the tiger the other add the
tiger too but then sometimes I tell you
and they get mad at me of a mop right
you know I could do this in there like
don't look exactly right now but I just
thought you know he's like sister bozo
how do you have so much energy for
someone that's so tired and wants to go
to sleep right now no I'm not I'm just
saying like how come you so you say the
bureau is awesome right ain't no when
I'm coaching you for be Rosie when I'm
coaching for be role then all of a
sudden you give me that face so how are
you supposed to get better if every time
trying to help you out
Wow look at that look at this shot sick
huh
yeah look I got a prequel shot at the
end you guys you're such a child papa
watch I took that booby cuz I thought
that was so cool I got its own take just
in case you want to use it for something
dude it and I thought it magical fat
yellow so I assumed it even more just
cuz I do that looks really cool how cool
that is
you got that little white back like
there's like that's a really cool image
oh it stopped oh there's the image
stuffed cool huh yeah that's great we
had a wrap-up vlog with Ellie in the
back yeah Wow vlog inception I know it
looks so fake does it look say close
real background looks fake cuz it's so
unreal right I know yeah but that's it
it's our favorite time of the night
what's our favorite time of the night
right now when we get to wash the day
away which I still have to do through
the shower yeah and then it's like
alright we had a good day and then now
we can finally be together that's true
we're probably not gonna be together cuz
you want to go to sleep right now well I
told you I told you like we're earlier
today imma go sleep early yeah and it's
not even that early its 11 very much
that's pretty early 11 that's pretty
what makes it what's early to you if
there's TV shows still going on at 11
that's pretty early TV shows are 24
hours now are they it's 2016 you can
watch narcos whenever you want to well
I'm not talking about streaming wait
times don't like TV TV yeah but you know
what they call it my neckline late-night
TV we call it a late-night show why do
they call it the late-night show which
means it's not early they call it late
by definition is late so even they know
they're like just in case you haven't
slept by 10 which is what you're
supposed to well guess what you're
sometime on the corner of your
you speak no you get I'm saying I got
you I got you cleavage man so your point
is invalid 11:00 past 11:00 is late for
Christians Christian that he's talking
about for people that respond I know I
just like ruffle in your feathers cuz I
look at how you get there's more saliva
on the corner of your mouth
all right big bozo thank you for sharing
your bureau with me are you gonna
actually learn register nozzle but with
my food was bad if it's dead let's get
you what you gonna do I'm gonna learn -
come here fun up hop up
oh no she actually did it wash it off
shit show he did it
bye-bye come on fuck off fuck come on
Nicole how come you got on the bed you
were to post - good girl bunny up bun up
come here oh go away
hi Big E hey Bree beer honey walk slower
how can you cry all that time how come
she cries why do you cry why do you cry
sigh pop there the meats is chewing his
bone then he's having a good time I
swear this is my favorite I know I have
a lot of favorite parts of the day but I
think it's all-encompassing as soon as I
come home that's my favorite time of the
day so that's my put pups my little fur
bear with a little with with the
underwear that's one size too small for
him the cuny bed with the furry blanket
that i popper likes to point out that I
only like to use one specific side so
this is a sign I think was intended to
be on the on the skin and I think
this side is the one that was supposed
to be facing up and away from the skin
right so I'm supposed to get under the
covers on this side because and the only
reason why I'm assuming that you're
right
and the reason why I'm assuming that's
because the designs on this side so I'm
like oh we're supposed to get under this
side but then paw bear is like god
you're such a big baby cuz I like to
sleep on this soft side look how soft
this looks you HOT your eyes and I have
a baby tell me why you rub your eyes
dude how do you rub it so much you just
got LASIK ah
I know but stop stop that's bad all the
flaps
what are you why what is the rub it so
what it feels good dude but you just
have flaps on your fucking eyes oh I
know you're gonna shit that ah stop stop
it how much I can't watch I can't watch
it
what stop you got flattened at the L
stop it it feels good I know how did you
become such a fucking pansy
I've always been handsy why are you why
are they always ebrake cuz they're
fucking sexy Oh what when i zoom in it
just looks like a volcano on a lonely on
a lonely piece of land
what were you saying well how do you
know a good baby cuz let me ask me for
beer I'll help you just roll your eyes
after ah you're still talking about that
shut up wait so do you want to help your
no no I don't actually do my little
sucks yeah yeah Bianca teach me right
now I'm not shooting b-roll I know but
so right now you're telling me hey your
Bureau is pretty good teach me how to do
b-roll right and then at the time that
when I do teach you is leave right now I
never pay attention then the times when
I do teach you like like every shooting
speed just one event that's the you
wanna you don't want to teach me sharing
at your venting know you'll be champ
awful is event little bit go be shooting
something yet and then I'll be like oh
why don't you try this even does it feel
better you feel better now no I feel
good I feel like emotionally rubbing
your eyes no it feels better when the
next time I teach you that you'd does
that pointing at my boob move stop blank
and a freaking little sleeper freaking
4:00 a.m. yeah pretty much how come you
like sleeping so late
I don't cuz if you consider 11:00 late a
mirror I mean she likes sleeping late
wife I could a you don't like you don't
like sleeping and getting enough right
now we were fresh in the morning all
right thank you guys so much for
watching good night mommy
what are you talking about
I'm just watching me you're so good
good night Kimmy season for the fucking
new with innovation horny that's why I
have the driest pussy in town because of
Bart and I never had a dry pussy I was
such a fucking hooker slut all the time
with the wet is dripping is pussy and
ever since I met bar
it's fucking Mojave Desert in there it's
the fucking Palm Springs
