what up y'all just got to the old JK
office about to shoot some JK news and
then I look back and I'm like um where
have you been motherfucker I haven't
driven this motherfucker in a long-ass
time but I just got it detailed look at
it it is gleaming it's like water
I love it when the paint looks like it's
wet that means they did a really good
job clay boring and waxing and doing all
the right things to make it look like a
motherfucking Bost motherfucker look a
shiny ass wheel and the motherfucking
huh
moisturized tires no more ashy elbows
bitch the deal oh my goodness damn what
I love about this car is every time you
wash it it just looks brand-new
don't you guys love that when you wash
your car and you get it taken care of
you can like transform your entire
vehicle from an old one to a new one and
I'm especially happy about this because
I haven't really been able to drive the
Porsche for almost the last month I've
just been really busy and it's way more
convenient to just pop in the truck pop
out I can park it anywhere I'm not
scared it's gonna get keyed or get
vandalized and also the truck looks good
clean or dirty whereas the Porsche if it
looks hella dirty then you just look
like old Asian man you know old Asian
man they like to buy nice shit but they
don't take care of it cuz they don't
really know how nice it is there
at the store like with the hair the best
one I ripped my whole life I want to
retire
oh the s500 okay I buy it and everyone's
like damn you're gonna get the s500 yeah
but I don't know what they may need to
told me the most men decide to buy and
then they don't even know how to take
care of it so I don't want to look like
that and I finally got it taken care of
looks really clean I'm really really
happy about it and it kind of reads
you've you read your Buena natives look
it rejuvenated me to want to drive it
more so I'm on Tuesdays and Thursdays
because I don't have to bring the dogs
around I can drive it way more often and
I'll probably be driving it on the
weekend as well they did such a good job
on the inside the outside like the
entire car literally literally literally
looks brand-new and one more important
thing that I'm really happy about living
in a DTLA is because all of our parking
is covered so by me getting the detailed
once it should last a good month or two
before I have to get another wash
whereas in Alhambra I can get a detailed
and clean as much as I want but once I
park it on the street
in a week there's dust bird shit all
kinds of shit on my fuck while I spend
all that money getting it clean and now
after just clean it all up again when
now oh my god Sam's walk look at this
dude let me let me get them let me get
them director angles BAM take a picture
Shh
BAM again stick a motherfucker picture
motherfucker
oh god damn damn fucking commercial Oh
Mike is that fucking darkness are they
fucking bird shits motherfucking Birds
go shit some miles why do birds always
have to shit on top of trees back to the
commercial see I'm looking at
motherfucking dual-exhaust motherfucker
Shh Oh Sam whoa look at the
motherfucking big break kid motherfucker
Sam spinning move ji motherfucker oh
shit
oh damn yeah I'm really happy but uh I
probably have to get back to shooting JK
news cuz I told everyone I was gonna go
outside a blog real quick but they're
probably thinking why the fuck is Bart
gone for so long so I gotta go back
inside before they get mad at me because
we got to start filming what is that big
ass camera David this is the well I'm
using the meter originally I was gonna
show this to the deep but yeah I'm
talking about wanting to buy second
camera right after so don't fucking buy
this camera like just save that money
save a thousand bucks and just put it
into the next camera cuz there's no
point there's no point for him to buy
this if I better when he's never gonna
use this why do you have like 12,000
cameras because I'm stupid
well what I do is that I test it out for
you guys to use so you guys would buy it
off me later but a good plan that's
what's been happening how can we decide
to bring this guy out today well I think
um it looks nice every few months like a
board on my channel yeah so when you
went on my channel you always see that
it's never really consistent anymore
from the reason why it's just because
what do you think makes you bored on the
channel cuz I think that cause the
content that you make it looks really
dope
he's never up to par for what I want
what the hell do you want
well my thing is this is like if I'm not
editing it anymore
yeah I expect me to be better than what
I could put up oh it's if it's something
that I feel like I can do myself then I
don't want it you know I see and so and
that's just it's like when you go to a
restaurant you're like mother fucker I
cook better than this shit that's
exactly what it is so for me when I do
this thing it doesn't matter if
something works or not yeah if it works
that's fine but I need it to excite me
so yes I mean so that's I'm doing
something for the past like four or five
months that I was doing living out loud
yeah I know super fun
but could over now yeah now I kind of
want to do something else is like whoa
is that why you're bringing the camera
so you can do something else yeah so I
want to try doing life logging again but
gathering a lot of different
inspirations from other people and kind
of adding my own twist to it
you know like AC nice that he's like one
of the I'm pretty sure he's like the
only youtuber if I met I would probably
fucking freak out I think he completely
revolutionized vlogging and awake it can
look and be and feel I'm almost a
thousand percent sure I will never get
to his level of vlogging just because
he's is way better than you he just you
son of a bitch it's a matter of but
everyone got their different strengths
in town still like you're a funny ass
motherfucker and there's no way he can
slay like a the three thousand person
auditorium the way you can I think this
thing is just I admire his work and
dedication like this in my mind to my
life fucking saying Mike I think I'm a
pretty hard worker Hey sometimes he's
amazing 4 a.m. wake up preps for his
whatever 5 6 a.m. works out for a couple
of hours edits and then he does his all
work so he sleep roughly about 4 or 5
hours that's what I heard a lot of very
successful people they all wake up at 4
like there's this common Ally I know why
he was saying that in his mind if you're
not when you're awake and you're doing
something and you're not trying to
progress society or contribute something
to life then you're wasting your life so
for him it just feels like a waste every
day so he works he spends family time
about 3 hours a day and even at at home
that the other 2/3
I mean even has time for family yeah he
always lost about 3 hours
wow that's really good after that family
time when he gets home he still works in
another few hours after that goes back
to sleep wakes up jobs runs in the
morning does everything again all over
and since he started his YouTube he's
been doing that since day one or maybe
even before that so I doubt I'm ever
gonna wake up at 4 a.m. you'll never
wait they can't even wake up at 11 a.m.
first of all I can yeah I can do it
today I woke up at 8 but I fell right
back to sleep because I was like hello
cabassa I'm gonna be at Casey nice day
and I woke up and I reset my alarm to
wait for Julie
taught me to come to genius that's four
hours too late if you're trying to be
Casey whatever new I can't be so today
you're gonna shoot vlog City and try to
experiment on your channel yeah I'm just
gonna see what it turns out to be what I
can do with it yeah a lot of the things
that are people realize is that when you
look at things that you like and you
want to create yourself you got
everything planned in your head at what
you want yeah it's all by application
true self
we try it out a few times see like for
example I want to do these vlogs trying
out a few times I hear to you the first
five or six would be complete fuckin ass
and they're all probably different too
because you're gonna be experimenting
the whole time exactly so I just want to
be smart about what I'm doing and be a
little bit more creative and so when you
do daily vlogs from what I've seen Casey
nice that he doesn't like pinhole them
or push him into a corner where he's
only doing one type of thing he's doing
a little bit of everything that he's
just adding his own artistic flair to it
yeah so I want to implement that and put
it into what I'm doing it's not gonna be
like his vlogs at all it's just gonna be
more along the lines of I inspired by
the fact that he's not putting himself
into a small box yeah he does whatever
and however the fuck he wants it so
let's see if I can do it let's see if I
couldn't take that concept be very bold
with my camera and make it your own
I still I'm really excited I like all
your living out loud series I don't know
why just don't keep doing that because I
got excited when we travel yeah fucking
excited because it's a new space yeah
and I just want to capture everything as
much as I can
but the great thing about doing daily
vlogs more just vlogging in general is
how do you make your everyday life
exciting and just thinking about that in
that space alone and it's pretty hard
it's hard but it also helps you live
your life better too
I'm awake okay ready oh my god your
hands are so late I was gonna rip off of
your areola stitching together the
ticket oh I'm definitely a kiss yes so
as of recent as a reason you've been
featured more on JK news because
everyone's schedules are really hectic
and we want to make sure we can fill all
six seats and taking news is it like
your main thing for JK so how does it
feel to kind of come in as cast and kind
of practice like another part of
entertainment or content creating it's
been awesome actually you know what is a
refreshing it's very it's very
refreshing and I think
it's actually helping out a lot in terms
I guess getting over my shyness from
camera like even like right now I feel
like if that was I doing the dream as
much shaky news or JK party I feel like
right now I would be talking the way I'm
talking to you right now
like I felt pretty comfortable right now
you know you feel like you'd be like
mark I got us two words up
yeah like try to find the right words
and then like trying to get it in as
little words as possible to get it all
out you know like don't be done with it
yeah I feel like now I'm like way more
comfortable in terms of I'm just
speaking my mind I guess I don't know
just through the practice of JK DS
yeah and that lends itself in helping
just you feel more confident about daily
life in general to know it's like like
whatever shyness with the camera it
correlated with like low self-esteem as
well you know and I feel like why you
felt like you had low self-esteem oh
yeah yeah I never felt that from you I
hide it really well
yeah hide what barbecue behind
oh I know I feel confident but I'm not
it's low self-esteem but it's not like
the kind of it's not a polarizing
self-esteem words like shuts you down
and like you just get you know do
anything that's kind of like the low
self-esteem where you're just really
you're too aware of yourself where you
don't want to do anything at all the
norm you know also you just do the
things that you're comfortable with but
yeah I see like yeah ah it's not Blair
yeah oh yeah that's by being more in
front of the camera it's really helped
me with that I thought myself and I've
actually notice that a little more more
talkative in real life you know like
before I'm very like introvert yeah I've
had I would have to make very cautious
just like socialized social Isolite
Casey you know I
and then now it's kind of like a little
more second nature I could really relate
to that because I think in the beginning
of JK although I played all these
outlandish characters and we were able
to go out over here
yeah I'm able to go out in public and my
impersonate people and and you know
become these characters and when people
meet me in real life I'm kind of like
you or I'm just kind of quiet and I'm
just to myself and I don't really want
to socialize and Jill's like you got to
be a human being and become friends and
my man fuck those people I'm cinnamon
touched and through JK like even in the
beginning
um we used to make videos and I'm
supposed to be Bart it was so
uncomfortable for it was yeah but if I
could become someone else and memorize a
script or even improv that that
character felt so much more comfortable
and it's through JK news from the
beginning just kind of like stepping
outside of my comfort zone and
repeatedly expressing my opinions how I
feel some jokes work sometimes I just I
say something and there's no response
but you're like fuck it that's who I am
and you just keep doing it over and over
and now I feel more comfortable and I
actually feel like if there was a script
that required me to play myself I can
actually do it comfortably without
having to have a character now like the
fishes it's like a really good self
reflective process to see yourself did I
study your own mannerisms while
environment camera and afterwards when
you see the final editor we see the
footage afterwards and a
good above it all I don't like that
about myself it's not like you're trying
to advocate a fake version of your
stomach fill your chest it's not ending
or sanding it and improving yourself and
make yourself a little more presentable
I feel like it's a great experience
that's awesome and I never thought I
would I protect I never thought I would
actually say that about being on the
camera I'd have gone through that kind
of that kind of feeling process on it
like people are gonna be Clint Eastwood
actor director yeah I wish we just
finished shooting just getting news and
every single time we shoot just
continues once it gets like 9:30 am I
please please let's be able to finish by
10:00 and it's not because I want to go
home it's because I want to come here
Shinsengumi is one of my favorite
favorite restaurants of all time it's
because it's the only place that I know
that combines shabu shabu that Victoria
which is Japanese barbecue and have all
kinds of yummy yummy dope-ass sides on
the walk you guys through what I love
more during from here
for the first day of course is the
yakitori they got all kinds of skewers
so like all of these meat they taste
different I like gizzard as a dis punchy
pop super macro friendly zero almost
zero fat
some people like heart it's okay to me
and the next thing I really enjoy
getting is the flat meat it's pretty
much like arnis sada I also like beef
tongue that's delicious see fuck you
baby and their pork belly where is it
their pork belly is hella good it's
really thin and it's very fatty there's
a lot of flavor but I can't eat that
when I'm tracking the next thing that I
enjoy getting is where is that dish oh
here we go
shabu shabu I get it with a clear broth
and it's the Australian Chuck I roll
it's really good super marbles comes
with veggies tofu and I get like a bowl
of rice and then I get this there's this
cucumber where's that bit
I like akka - nope I don't get it all
the time oh yes pickled cucumber with
sesame garlic oh this thing is bomb I
eat two of these things to myself in it
but at least I get the clam miso soup or
a stream of miso soup what the hell it's
butter look at miso soup at all here
that's climbing so soup Joe put me on
this I used to get the basic soon
the basic missile and then I started
getting the crappy socials on my damn
that is really really good so I love
this place you can get a bunch of
different things and usually when you go
to like this Japanese restaurant to see
their shadow shop only
only but here you can get full festival
growth and get a bunch of other side
dishes I am starving I'm going to order
and a long day of filming and then i'ma
go home darling
and
and me
I'm on that how come here drivin the
silver band um because I have nowhere
since the end of the day just finish
having dinner and out of nowhere I get
like diarrhea attacks and it's not odd
for me to get these diarrhea taxes I'm
pretty sensitive to a lot of protein so
anytime I need something in high protein
or high fat like a lot of meat or
something yeah a lot of meat or protein
based powders like like fish bars
protein shakes just anything with a lot
of rotated my my body like we did like
10 to 20 minutes of consuming in my body
I don't know why it does this I could be
allergic I'm not sure but it wants to
get rid of it and immediately I get the
shit's whoa yeah so I thought tonight
was kind of one of those things I did
get a lot of protein like I was eating
protein chips and I had
a lot of me I was check-in and I'd like
to be takes I was just eating a lot of
stuff so I thought okay oh and for
dinner I had like salmon hand roll I had
beef I had a bunch of meat base stuff
yeah
and fish and then I thought okay so my
body's saying at who okay this is normal
yeah but then I proved once right my
rival and usually that one time does the
trick but I put two other times off to
that I'm like holy bah and then getting
in the car I told mother if it was okay
that I drive because I need to be
distracted and not focus on my stomach
so that I can make it home because now
since we move we live about 10 to 20
minutes out depending on you know who's
an accident or over the freeways so I am
just like mother can I please drive it
because now it's stick shift too so I
have to keep it in certain gears and I'm
focused on like the clutch and different
things and my stomach right now feels so
crazy but I'm like focused on this
little structure
yeah now I'm vlogging and talking to you
guys so that's how they meet you so I
don't like shit my pants cause can you
imagine right now as I'm talking to you
I fucking oh that would really suck
what's good that are all of our fans are
watching you and helping you prepare
yourself you're shitting yourself right
nice so much from keeping my grown ass
from shit
how fucking awesome you know what like I
have to shit myself and I'm driving yeah
I break a lot of laws I'm driving 60 to
80 in a residential zone
yeah I'm blasting through so many off
signs do you attempted to do that too
but do you really have to shit yourself
yeah because I feel like it's justified
into the emergency at this point now
yeah sure you're not going to provide
you're like I'm really trying not to
shit myself yeah I know it's completely
justified in it and it's justified to
the point if the police officer pulls
you over if a police offer pulls you
over do you think you would just keep
going to the bathroom and don't stop and
start like kind of like a police chase
or what you pull over let them slowly
walk up to you they always walk up to
you slowly here you go sorry I'll have
to take a shit shit on your cell phone
keyboards it about hopefully it's a
distraction enough for me to like get
that off my mind for that minute yeah
and then have enough time to explain to
him okay I'm about to shit myself can I
please you just follow me to my house
and let me shit and then give me the
ticket
I think that's mana I think that's what
I would hope for I always think about
that and I think honestly I would
probably just start a police chase no I
think I would shoot myself I'm too
scared of Authority with the ball though
so for me I'm just like old
the law is king right now and I don't
want to fuck that up I don't want to get
shot well I hope your little tum-tums
feel better because at first I thought
our day was coming to an end it was time
to unwind radiations and goomy and so
now we're on like this James Bond
mission flying through tunnels holy crap
to make sure that mama bear doesn't
fucking shit herself all right now my
stomach feels so good thank you so much
for interviewing me it really it I have
I'm not even thinking about okay no now
it's bad I'm gonna keep talking to you I
feel like you're about to give birth to
a baby right now
shit baby I got talking through
everything no no it's okay
promise yeah fun why does every were to
set the speed up it's like they see your
car and they're like no you're not
getting in my gonna see how fuckin
cleaner logos my buckle is healing only
today let it pass ups they can look at
all the angles fucking assholes
yeah I wish you know what I wish cars
would come equipped with
abort launchers a button that says I
needed to shit and it turns into any
kind of super guard
no it just communicated everyone else
it's kind of like you know when everyone
pulls aside for like the firemen or the
ambulance yeah
when they see that you know to pull the
side there are some grown-ass person
sponsorships a lot of people abuse it
though I'm sure hitting it all the time
in a perfect world fine
in a perfect rule that would be
earliness and very convenient
I'm up I hope you make it back for me -
it's not I'm pretty sure you'll flog my
fuckin I miss that no wall I'm sure you
will but you only don't keep anything
private true this is one of my favorite
turns of downtown right here as soon as
I make this turn on one of the biggest
downtown freeways which is a 110 you get
to see the city and it looks beautiful
so I'll walk you guys do it this is a
left turn and then wait for it wait for
it thank you son it's so fucking
beautiful and I'm glad I got the car
washed as you can see through it you're
not looking at a bunch of bird shit but
the more you drive through it the more
beautiful it looks and it's crazy
because usually everyone drives to
downtown LA for work and then they drive
back to the suburbs to rest we're
driving summer 2011 for a house that's a
crazy part we're going against what most
people do for traffic
what stove is on in the morning because
we work out in the suburbs everyone's
trying to come into downtown so we're
driving out to go to work there's no
traffic
and even now going back everyone that
was here already let's go back home and
there's no Matic for us though it's
awesome
yeah look at the super cool shots that
we get that
you know what my favorite equal my
breath yeah let us know what you think
but maybe every single year we just move
to a different part of ballet and we can
share our experience with you guys and
you guys get to experience all the
different parts of LA with us do you
think about that I think after I mean
you say this because you were part of
this oh yeah all of us really hard yeah
I was really tough especially because in
the team had bought both out of town
that entire weekend yeah I was in
Sacramento
I was left it was just me and my mama
and he did you guys did a great job by
the way thank you very much but because
of that experience I kind of want to not
move for two years if it's possible fine
but if it's not what about my drums
remove me y'all know yeah I'm down I'm
down every year I'm down to move to a
different country a different state a
different part of town a different type
of atmosphere yeah if we go to a beach
house I'm down thank you by the way I
haven't thought about shitting myself
just yet I do feel kind of bubble goody
yeah but so far so good red lights are
my enemy at this rate fucking red let's
get out of here
I think I can make it but I'll be really
cool because if we do just you know we
get to experience Elliott our own and as
we experience you get to share with them
not enough you're really really dope
think it's like we're experiencing it
together absolutely and then it's like
um it's it's an experience that I feel
like if I was following our channel I'd
be like oh my god that is so cool I
never thought that downtown would have
that or oh my god now it's a Beach City
damn now I I could probably move to a
beach now it's not as hard as I thought
it was yeah
because one of the things that um
there's a bunch of comments that I saw
when they found out where first moving
to downtown like what about the dogs and
if that's of course there are children
you know we love our dogs more than
anyone else so of course all those
considerations we've already thought of
and the dogs are awesome they love the
place there's a little dog park
literally next door to our building so
we always walk them there
and we're also fortunate enough to have
businesses where we could bring the dogs
with us everywhere we could bring them
to the office to the gym to anybody
wants to deal with us 24 hours a day and
that's what the dogs will want more than
anything like give a dog a big ass
Prairie field and you walk away from it
the dogs gonna follow you yeah the dog
wants to be within pack and more than
anything else executive pack animals so
we thought of that and the dogs love our
living right now so I think everybody
know what that a lot of people fail to I
guess two people leaving those comments
I feel like it might just be ignorant on
their part because they're not familiar
with the real downtown living and
they're even experienced yeah so I mean
one don't Jenni comets where's your
clicker oh it's up here oh but it
doesn't work he'll he'll open it we have
a concierge guy which is really cool and
they'll open everything for us see we
opened it okay um ah yeah he'll open it
yeah oh I also like one of the deals any
point oh holy shit this part of town
everyone is very pet friendly us almost
every noticeably me and this building
has like one or two dollars I mean no
just this area of this town like
downtown LA they're super dog friendly
people um so a lot of the businesses
acknowledge that so places like Ralph's
that I never once a million years
thought I could bring my dog to I'm
bringing my dog into oh yeah we were
walking our dogs up and down the aisles
of Rao's the other day it was fucking
bananas and that's how Downtown LA's
right now because of all I don't know if
it's hipster town or what it is but
everyone is just a little bit more um
open to you know seeing pet does it has
has family members because I thought
they spent even more
this then when we were out in the
suburbs surrounding suburbs we can't be
bringing our dogs to rouse but to Home
Depot but here one almost every single
resident I see has a dog and every time
we're walking our dogs in the morning we
always pass by like at least two other
people with dogs and every single store
in downtown LA that we've been to people
bring dogs in which is really really
really cool it is funny and we are home
in our parking structure and I know how
bad mama bear needs to fucking take a
badass shit so I'm gonna cut it here
then look at that car though Sam I ate
my dupatta day with this car though
leo then the demo peel you got princess
Park and look at that alright mother
close your puffle oh what's on see the
fuckin fuckin noon with a nation of
water that's why I have the driest pussy
in town because of Bart and I never had
a dry pussy I was such a fucking hooker
slut all the time yeah with the wet is
dripping is pussy and ever since I met
bar it's fuckin Mojave Desert in there
it's the fucking Palm Springs of pussies
like it's
