so right now we're trying to prepare for
just getting party tomorrow and one of
the things that we're going to do is
we're going to eat a bunch of sorry
correction I'm not going to eat it much
of weird someone is going to eat a bunch
of weird animal parts and we're trying
to you know go on internet to find
images to showcase just exactly what
part we're going to eat and how does it
make you feel what are the parts and
then how does that make you feel alright
so the parts that we're gonna eat are
balut
or is it volutes how do I say that word
a lot of millet yeah um Rocky Mountain
Oysters aka bull testicles um insects
like crickets grasshoppers pickled pig's
feet which I heard is like a delicacy in
the south it's like a beer so what the
south of the US oh and lastly my
personal not favorite and sheeps brain
how do you tried any of these reporter I
have tried sheep spring for and it was
disgusting what did it taste like it has
his fair I mean to be honest it wasn't
actually super bad but like for me when
it came out it came out like as a full
brain um it was hot pot and I was were
you I was in Chengdu China oh I've never
like that yeah like he literally came
out like on a plate and then on top of
that there's like this like white rain
and then like I the people who got her
right they got I specifically for me
just to try so you know I put it I stab
with my
chopstix I'm just kind of put it into
what are you trying to pull a prank on
you and the only life genuinely like
this is bomb it want you they were like
this is bomb you know this is like a
local delicacy you gotta try it and what
face did you make I was like alright
fine
well you did all that no that looks rude
do when they brought it and then I like
try try try uh I can't remember exactly
but I know in my mind I was thinking
like shit but on the outside you're like
yeah yeah no wasn't like the idea right
okay I think they're like come on you
gotta try and Michael you know it's not
that bad um because so I cook it right
and it still comes out as bright and
then I kind of just like take one quick
bite and it actually tastes kinda like
tofu but then a few binds with this
metallic flavor which i think is like
the iron ray hits you in it's like I
guess like that's the delicacy but for
me just the fact that I was eating a
brain was way too much and I had one my
nose it did you feel smarter after no I
felt like I was but the gag shit I guess
well we all know in this room that
you're the king of quote unquote
delicacies have you tried any of these
things are you living so you're not like
generally in like every single jkp but
in this one word has it a little birdie
told me on that you requested it right
here
Casey requested to be in cast that's how
it was so important we had to make a
little note so that we wouldn't forget
is that true you requested what's up Bob
I don't particularly like playing the
games in JK party to the flight it's
like gut-wrenching sometimes so
nerve-wracking right but uh that's it
for this one though I like eating crazy
stuff and I've never eaten any of those
things
I wanted to try it what do you feel when
you hear these like things that we're
gonna consume what do you feel that
you're like I gotta get in on this
I don't feel anything I just think oh
cool that's a cool ingredient I want to
taste I want to see what it tastes like
by itself first and then if there's a
way to integrate it in anything I like
to cook then I wish you so okay so we're
eating bull testicles sheeps green
pickled pig foot insects balut which is
like a half-grown fetus so delicious
okay well that's subjective so you are
telling me right now that you are
considering throwing one of these things
in future dishes yeah what which one I
don't know have you tried it i haven't
tried yet yeah all right we're trying
looking forward to I'm looking forward
to the balut
just because it's it's the craziest
looking one and I feel like I would
enjoy the most delicious
does that feel like she praying like I
can't deliver that's one that's one food
I can't actually like enjoy I can eat it
I can enjoy it and it's very uh
metallicky and it's got like that
certain texture and I feel like the way
he was explaining chic spray know what
that reminds me of how I don't like
deliver and I feel like I might not like
sheets brain and then bull testicle I
feel like that's just if you ever eat
gives it's before I feel like that's
just gizzards but bigger if you're not a
full vault-tec does it make you feel
some type of way because you yourself
own a pair of testicles
you're like I'm eating ball xoring I eat
I use I eat ribs all the time
and I don't think oh my god I have a
pair of ribs - idiot drumstick a chicken
drumstick in the log and have a leg - I
don't think that yeah well that's true
but I feel like we're a little bit more
desensitized to it because it's such
it's so big in our culture like in our
American culture so you'd only think
about the ball
I've got desensitized early on by
visiting fish markets growing up my mom
when she would get groceries and stuff
and like the she made friends with the
the fish person behind the counter and
then he would even find me bags to like
actually kill the fish while he was
alive yeah cuz you have to like like get
it done like that deed has to be done
then he would invite me to the back end
now here just give me this dig and I'm
just whack got the fish you whack up of
the web what I do it that's how like
Chinese a place I know how you do it
otherwise like how do you you stun them
you stun them what I come to do Oh Yeti
my Brides on restaurant grab the live
fish put on a cutting board you take a
yeah oh I think I'd be sensitised myself
through that and slowly it doesn't
really Spacey this food if it and it's
meant for food my brain still loses it
all animal like appreciation yeah yeah
and now it's just food on it
yeah but then if I look at like a live
animal and I don't have intent on eating
it then obviously I'm like oh my gosh I
want to care for this animal and like I
feel sorry towards her got her turning
them that's true the only one I've ever
heard do something like that is Joe but
it's specifically with fish he's like it
doesn't matter he's like he's in a tank
he's like that man I bet that tastes
good sure oh right because you have so
much to say we talking about I'm just
saying how much I love blood that's all
have fun are you saying yeah oh no they
just don't understand to everyone that's
Filipino out there you know what I mean
cause it's delicious
uh what's delicious about it and it's an
Avery and like and what in what uh and
can you compare it to another dish that
it would kind of taste similar to for
those of us that have never tried it and
it don't have the balls to try it I
think of a hard-boiled egg but ten times
better
like in what way because there's a
little duck penis inside and if you've
had duck before it's like a very squishy
duck with like sometimes you can taste
the beak and you know it's uh it makes
the consistency more delicious all you
do is add just a little bit of salt
maybe a little bit of like vinegar on
top why not just eat a duck egg
what do you mean like crack it open and
just eat it like that
yeah are a hard boiled duck egg well I
mean then you don't get to eat the fetus
which is like the best part you don't
get to remove it and have a dance around
on the table for you but no this is
people are gonna hate you
that's what we do like you dance with it
no like my brother used to take out the
little fetus and used to make it dance
on the table so then my sisters wouldn't
want to eat it anymore
and he would have it all together son
yeah your money in the bag you're behind
cameras like I mean I can't eat on his
on his culture but damn when you say you
dance around with it I'm like yeah yeah
exactly it's just really good something
that you have to try is just imagine an
egg and then the savoriness of itself in
one place all right it's really good
well it looks like I have no choice I
have to eat it tomorrow yes yes to you I
have to eat it you must eat it you will
a new mod I can you sit back a little
bit wait wait for it what DD no don't
move dddddd all right went what is this
Casey right so imagine you're going to
curry house and getting the pork cutlet
with some curry on the side right and a
salad well this restaurant Japan decided
to make their pork cutlets actually
resemble a pig I'm not too sure what
like I don't you know that inedible like
I don't even know what that part is like
obviously that's the pork cutlet part
like what up I don't know I can't even
process that right now and you would try
it I were probably trying mm-hmm but as
we heard and then Michael put this as a
reference oh god you guys are really
trying to make me vegetarian I swear
it's gonna happen an image actually of
all these little pig they're fucking
adorable Oh No why drowning soup oh my
god it's not focusing yeah the picture
there it is alright here's another one
for you to look at you that's crazy as
fucking cute dude they're just queue in
their little to go how much is it it
cost to get
what's the impression of and what's the
guilty pleasure your prison unit oh wait
I thought I was low I didn't understand
like I thought was this a close
it's a toast to your good pleasure a
toasted doing your foundation is guilty
pleasure
oh I thought were supposed to be posting
be on the go P pleasure
I wasn't oh so posted toast gay secret
no I think yours was toast Casey but
then I'm confused wow this is awesome
not okay I think what you're gonna do is
toast me in your own depression like
whatever impression you choose to do it
in your not that your your guilty
pleasure and an impression right you've
been like that so you have been like a
person that has like Alzheimer's well
you're you're toasting your guilty
pleasure which is Lisa candy to be like
so I'm not caring you've been there
through the good and the back I was like
- that'sthat's my impression of I'm
confused is the impression is that
you're gonna love all our yeah yeah
where do I look Andy yeah I thought
about the accident also see ya why you
just off the table today
Oh candy candy
on the table classic candy okay so as an
impression of you like a superhero or
something you turn the light back on oh
it the will back no this place might be
get misunderstood that like I said I
thought I was supposed to be toasting
while doing the g20 knowledge what is
the guilty will show me the guilty
pleasure over time
now what just happened we just had the
best photo shoot ever
playing for bro why was it the best it
was the best cuz we had you do Oh a we
have go for broke you know the best
brand in the world along with there you
go
I was about to be like whoa whoa whoa
but Bart is a double agent I gotta
support Bart and Joe and David Gio's a
daredevil trying to jump off the roof
taking photos oh yeah yeah max yeah no I
it wasn't that crazy but it was fun and
it was a little bit scary this is not
that scary I could do that
we happen to climb down now I can't see
anything
Oh
and sound finally home changed into more
comfortable clothes to shower
home alone nobody's here and I'm hungry
but really cool thing is that I am
collaborating with blue apron and I've
got my package the other day and blue
apron is this meal service that sends
you all the raw ingredients and you cook
your meals at home at your convenience
and what I thought was really cool is
that they give you options oh they give
you a family option and then they give
you a two people option pretty
straightforward pretty simple not much
thinking involved so the obvious choice
was the two people and today I will be
making pork chops and spicy ciaochao and
these are all the ingredients look at
that they're like straight up from the
grocery store but not really because
they work with local mom and pops that I
thought was super cool because as a
business owner I am a mom-and-pop
business owner so I'm always about
supporting other mom and pops
um so here are the ingredients we have
some peppers the pork they call this
pork chop knickknacks which I thought
was super cute um so parsley some sweet
potatoes some other put that those some
garlic and I'm super excited about this
because um I do track my macros and in
tracking your macros that doesn't
necessarily mean that you're tracking
them for health you can track and still
get shredded but again you may not be
doing it the healthy way and that's
exactly what I was doing I was getting
synthetic protein for protein powders or
I was eating you know different bars
just not getting my protein from um you
know animal sources and I want to be a
little bit more conscious of the
ingredients that I'm putting into my
body so when I had the opportunity to
work with blue apron and I saw what they
were about I thought that was super cool
because they're giving you
you organic raw ingredients like I know
what this is these are these are peppers
like that's what they look like that's
what they are like here's my cut of pork
like this is great you know like I
literally an ear of corn like what the
frack like I I can't remember the last
time I ever saw it like this like every
time I see it it's already been plated
or I get it from a can it's like the
worst thing ever so now I have an
opportunity to do this and it's really
cool in addition to everything else
that's really cool is that it takes like
less than an hour to make all this stuff
so I'm super excited to get on with the
cooking um any chance I get to cook
these days I'm actually cooking because
I want to start as you guys know the
Bears want to start a family and I want
to cook for my family so any chance I
get whether it's a dessert or a small
meal I want to make it I want to try
want to put my hand in it and see what
how it turns out because eventually I
want to cook for my little bear clubs
you know so I feel like this is great
practice for me in addition to being a
lot more healthy and conscious and aware
of what I'm putting in my body so
without further ado I want to start
cooking and you guys are going to watch
me
all right
holy crap I think I did it I think I
made myself look like a freakin cook
look at this I don't know if this is
correct I have no idea what its gonna to
look at that steam look at that
Wow look at it I did it I cook this is
so monumental for me you guys have no
freakin idea
I actually relieve some stress I was
feeling a little bit stressed out my
mind was a little bit clouded but as I
was cooking and I was following these
directions I was looking and I was like
before freakin I'm like okay wait wait
is this book right and it will look at
this picture and I'm like oh yeah yeah
yeah there's looks kind of like that
granted there's something way more
present look at this one looks way more
presentable than this one but whatever
um as you guys saw I don't have a
cooking board that was kind of lost in
the move there's a lot of cooking
utensils that I do not have so excuse
the giton s but I am freaking happy I'm
freaking out right now cuz I just made
this and I'm freaking happy and I can't
believe that it looks like this I tried
the sweet potatoes that's mixed with
mayo and some mustard and that tasted
amazing and then the ciaochao I think
that's called right
the spicy ciaochao I actually removed
the spice that had a jalapeno in there
but I did not add it so I don't know if
that's my chance of flavor dramatically
but I just don't like spicy stuff the
older I get the more of a little bitch
I'm becoming I just don't want spicy but
it has bell or has peppers it has corn
it has the methey yo it has some pepper
I sound like I do it
anyway I think it's now time for me to
try the dish so I'm gonna give you guys
my honest opinion about this dish so let
me grab a fork I'll be right back all
right guys so now it's the moment of
truth
and I'm kind of nervous because it looks
so pretty I don't want to mess it up
okay I got to do a guy dafuq bullet I
gotta bite the bullet here we go today
to cook the pork all Baroni
I did I did here we go I'm not even
gonna lie I'm not even gonna lie this is
perfect and good this is freakin good
and I cooked it myself I should not
point out myself with a freaking knife
in my hand
this is really freaky I can't believe I
cook the pork thoroughly I'm always so
scared to eat war but this is so good oh
my bomb I can't believe I made is my
shop Bart's gonna be so proud of me
I am so proud of me this is a freaking
awesome service I am really excited to
see what other items they have on their
menu because this was delicious I know
they have fish I know that half of
tricking because I ordered those so I
will definitely be making those Julia
dope is it's free shipping free freaking
shipping they put everything in a box
again the box comes with its own ice
pack so you don't have to worry about
anything perishing in there
ah I can only say good things about blue
apron holy crap Fame made me feel I know
what I'm talking about okay I think I'm
gonna save this for Bart to get home and
I'm gonna catch these reaction Oh
wouldn't it so good bees up with it this
is nasty I'm working hard to get home I
am so promise I'm so gone myself I cook
the pork thoroughly my mask my knife my
sweet potatoes with mayo and mustard
tastes visual mossad it tastes amazing
holy crap guys I'm gonna open a
restaurant I'm just kidding but I
definitely do feel like all right I got
this mom thing
cook look a little bit of help of the
good people a blue apron I think I
practice Shh
this is kike all right Bart when you rat
son I did you taste this I'm getting
weirded because nobody's here but down I
killed it Oh Bart be like I don't like
your food we'll see we'll see what he
says when it gets back huh
well it's 1 a.m. now important still not
home so I don't think he's gonna be able
to taste my delicious creation I guess
he just missed out I guess he just
missed out freakin a I even saved it for
him in the microwave look see I'm not
lying it's in the microwave waiting for
him if I'm gonna be able to taste it
he's missing out on life because it's
not an occasion good tomorrow or this is
going to taste as good as it did today
because
because I wanted him to taste it today
when it was hot but no he's being a
great pop bear and he's working and holy
shit look at this view
oh my hi mommy can let me get out of the
way look at this view so pretty
no but he's being a good papa bear and
he's got a bunch of meetings and he is
working with Sal and Mike and Omar on
some really cool projects that you guys
are gonna love so thank you so much for
watching and if you guys are interested
in blue apron there is a little code
that they provided me so that I can give
to you guys so head over to the
description box below and check out all
the benefits
but I don't care I want to have the big
rise for Iceland
all of that waiting super tired then
what I like you obviously are all that
good theme ones like a horse a story
much more of like these mom and the no
way Indiana Jones yes but I don't care
I'm gonna see Christ
