so right now we're trying to plan Gio's
birthday are you and what good it's
actually go with what happens if
everything so at your perfect party
we're all gonna go and get a whole bunch
of fucked up presents and we're all
going to get a fucked up present that's
not generous Julia's she wants to punish
everyone's with her birthday party so
say what do you mean generous that
sounds fucked up
so with these presents right like say
you get a Taser that means you're gonna
get tased who I am gonna tase people
I'm not getting kicked yes your name is
awesome um let's see you gonna whip them
8yy you go there what why would you go
with the whip so I start whipping people
is that what you like Michael yes I do
you like that BDSM is the part of bed
Oh be really yeah no really I can't tell
if you're lying anymore Michael stop
you're making me uncomfortable
no me love come back I don't want to be
here by myself why don't you move I want
you to weed so I can talk about BDSM and
whipping with Gio here okay no do you
really like BDSM no uh heavier warrior
okay well people I've actually never
tried it before so I don't know but just
looking at you know what I think is
involved and seeing how it could be kind
of painful I'm not really into like pain
okay I feel like that wouldn't really be
my thing you know what what do you think
would be your thing and isn't it to be a
fetish uh how are we talking about sex
your arm yeah yeah well what else would
I don't know I think we were talking
about punishes d40 oh we were but then
you brought BDSM and then that kind of
sparked an idea in my brain and now I'm
curious I think what I am like
is just normal stuff what's normal cuz
normally you might not know no your
normal to me might not be normal to you
so normal stuff like your stuff that you
see not in shades of grey okay okay yeah
that one's pretty hardcore that's pretty
hardcore like there's a lot of a finger
you know like I guess we can do some
doggy style sometimes oh sometimes so
that's the doggy smells not even normal
to you no I mean I actually of you old
fucking my my favorite is when it grows
on top because I'm actually very lazy oh
yeah you'll like well when the verse is
on top then it's like great huh I don't
do any of the work
Wow alright you at least for digging for
players that all the girl too
uh I mean I I guess like we're taking
that because I feel like that's you know
part of the fun but it's like after you
start getting into it um I feel like
being on bottom as better just because
I'm lazy
oh my interesting you just lie back and
you know just get a show - you got a
showed you see those like bouncing
movies oh Michael back to the punish and
stuff
oh that's cool I feel like a lot of guys
would say that it's their boob guy or
they would probably say doggy stop there
a bug guy yeah I mean I think if I had
to choose when I prefer when the girls
on top rather hmm whoa Michael that's
nice to know
I don't know why that's but I feel like
we just got a little bit more uh closer
we got closer does it feel like it's an
imbalance friendship right now because
you know so much about me that you don't
even want to know but that's how it
should be they just like you know I come
in and I go
after I forget about all those great
details that I had to unfortunately
everything I feel like it's want to hear
it can't be unheard I try to better
block it out so you forgot about Julia's
anal I said forget about your details oh
yeah I'm gonna give my details that much
anymore like I never wanted to give my
details it was always barb putting my
details out there and then me being
embarrassed a million percent on camera
and I'm like fuck or what do I say after
this like he just revealed so much I
think I thought one of you start again
with it
well I do I'm like laughing but then you
can't help but notice how red my face is
and I'm like fuck alright well we're
going there then I start talking about
it I like just what you don't have to
feels all the time yeah by the way what
happened asked to feel I don't know Gio
you're the one that's actually on ask
the feels I think you would know a
little bit more than I do
don't you know everyone keeps talking
like I don't know I haven't had fun at
all all right well well oh then I think
we'll save this conversation for Joe but
if I have to answer and I have to give a
good answer is right now as the Phil is
on a hiatus because it was one of the
newest shows that we added to the roster
of all the other shows that we have
going on so if you're unaware of what
happens at JK we have JK films which is
a that is a skit channel that we put
like lifestyle stuff on there as well
and then we have chicken party which is
the game and challenges channel and then
we have JK news which is you know our
opinions about trending topics and news
articles and then we have I think that's
it yeah that's it well that's already a
lot and then we have the wonderful party
of vlog Channel well no not even that
that's not going to go to the personal
in addition to all that we have
go-for-broke which just launched and
that you know that takes up a lot of
manpower then we also have the feature
film that's getting written and that
also takes up a lot of manpower and then
in addition to all that it's like it's
actually a business it's not just a
bunch of foolish kids doing foolish
things it's like there's a legitimate
like order of things that happen
there's like a very sophisticated well I
should even say sophisticated but
everything's pretty organized like it's
a legitimate business like we were filed
like the government knows we exist um
and in trying to take all these things
on and do them properly and give you
guys quality content like if we added on
and continue to push ask the field again
which was one of the the newest channels
then the quality was just going to suck
all over the place so we thought okay
what do we do do we continue pushing
this brand new show um and just have
everything else be sort of mediocre
including as the fields or do we just
kind of get put this show on hiatus form
in it and just like clean everything up
internally and give you guys top-notch
quality content so we decided to do that
but that's not to say that it's not bad
that it won't be back because that's a
definition of definition of a hiatus
it's just on a temporary pot so it'll be
back when I can't say when just yet but
it will be back right Michael yes it'll
be back one day one day one day all
right you little cowgirl liking freak
let's go back to work so I just finished
this summer little meeting and I walk
into the barbell side in the office and
hey Ron daddy play play
aka play play aka Ron aka Aaron aka
hey I don't know what else like the last
thing was my actual name that's the one
that doesn't matter
yeah it's like hey do you want to see
something and then what and then would
you say no would you say and then you
said I don't know if I can or you first
you leaned over looked at my Street look
at the screen like no I don't mean that
means it's outside you said oh okay
where I said the party garage it's like
that's kind of yeah I do
that's exactly what happened that's
exactly what went down to communication
but uh I says in the parking garage and
I think that might have clicked is now
you get goodwill it will leave it there
let's go let's go can I bring part - oh
he'll be available alright so I don't
know I think I know what I already
thought in BA but I I don't know what
he's talking about let me see let me see
let me see
I'm gonna ask him fine
hey babe are you free to check something
out that Aaron wants to show us yeah yes
all right I don't know what this thing
is but he says it's somewhere in the
garage brah I don't know are you wearing
clothes you never had a meeting okay you
know when the last time I was ill aware
of this when your wedding wow I haven't
been able aware it's it's literally
almost on your anniversary what a
fucking stud muffin teddy play play play
all right let's go
apparently stars align
damn see you're a wizard too messing
with stars and shit do you have any idea
where we're gonna check out I don't know
why we will have no idea
I'm guessing either one its barbell
brigade related or two and got a new car
I don't know is either one of those yes
I don't know because I don't know what
because okay what what if my thought
process is you me and our heavily
involved a part of the game so that's
one reason why I thought it has tomorrow
we get related the other one is it's in
the garage
and I know Aaron but he also like
surprises that he has to leave in his
truck all the time that's only when he
comes to our house I'll let you choose
the cultural housing has to go back down
this I know that's something I don't
know why yeah I'm probably not gonna do
that well there's an elevator now yeah
so the so it led me to think two new
cars because we are going to the garage
and that's where cars are and I know
Aaron's been wanting a new cars it needs
a new car for like ten years now season
even so it's yeah kind of like shifting
his uh back spine bones spine bone oh
whatever the call what are they called
vertebrae vertebrae yeah yeah the
medical is a spine bone can you align my
spine bones hey Dodge isn't only talking
about very fine boom yes why blow this
finally has one kind of spine bone
all right I'm excited I'm excited to see
what it is cuz I don't know why Aaron I
think just his whole life have you
always been this way where you like
surprising people with something you
like yeah like you like with like with
helding withholding information I
learned the mid-to Aaron's house he
didn't even want to give me I asked him
for his address one time he gave me a
fucking peel box no documents no I was
like you're sick I'm gonna need a know
it that thought that it wasn't don't
wait up like you don't need to tell you
need to know I'm okay where is it did
you see a new carny want to see new car
no shit alright you guys came
when the car we don't know why father -
see I'm trying to see if I see anything
without anybody I said is it a car
you're smiling trying to see anything
without any plates is there s2000 yeah
damn dog damn you man that's dull dude
how did you go from a white truck to
this yeah I'm the one with these - this
one has xtreme3 home bar support
oh yeah it's like buckets yeah so it
forces my back stress is tight Oh engine
stop yeah try it out
don't work where you have to put it in
the clutch put it in neutral and then
turn the key to on you are a fucking
mystery I don't know you this is why I
don't even know where to buy you for
fucking Christmas anymore this is more
my style not necessarily specifically a
Honda s2000 but sporty cars the truck is
more what I have to like what I have
played tricks on
our bad it's
Oh tight remember that show Knight Rider
with David Hasselhoff uh-huh yeah
there's no - for gas
reminds me of it this is so cool when
are we going to go to the when are we
gonna go to the canyons oh you want
sealing on there you can take the whole
thing off there's a glass I see it's a
hardtop convertible if you take it off
and you can remove the hardtop
you are okay so tell me the story tell
me the story so what happened was I have
a jacket up back really bad and I think
I recently realized that was my truck
that was causing it because the previous
owner was kind of large and when he got
in kind of leaned on the right side of
the seat more often and
I'm bar support but the left one was
still pretty cushy so I didn't realize
but seven years I've had it I've been
driving kind of like this I mean it's
this exaggerated but basically I've
really having slanted yeah and it's I
think that fucked up my back and I mean
I'm recently trying to take care of
myself a little bit more so I wanted to
just eliminate that that truck you know
that variable I think I can't do
anything I go to the prior factory yeah
and sit right back in my truck after
he's just gonna miss salinity right I
know he wanted my friend wanted another
car and I needed something soon so I
figured hey I know the history of that I
know the owner I know
how you drive its let's make something
happen because it's going to be cheaper
I worked up Wow
perfect timing great deal on it like ten
thousand off devalue oh shit basically I
got it for the price of a base model for
you go
what are you gonna do to it what do you
want to do I don't want do anything
because they only made 1,400 of that
model it's like this to the f2000 see
our model and they don't make that
anymore
yeah yeah that was pretty fucking cool
though it is it's totally weird driving
is it stiff it's it's very stiff
handling but I can go over to foam some
nicer than in my truck
for macro market words it is it's a
special edition they only make 1400 of
this model the steering is very stiff
like a race car
it's the s2000 cr4 racing track yes even
the the shift knob the steering wheel is
stiffer than my Porsche and the machine
off the shift knob is even safer than my
Porsche - damn I think only a bear man
like you could drive this I feel like
people looking at me from the outside
think this doesn't make sense it's guy
with a beard in a tiny baby s2000 this
makes sense inside of Aron there's an
Asian guy stuck in there he eats with
craziest shit all the time every time I
go he's like let me get the pig ear
lobes in the freaking shit Swan sauce
and no one else is ordering that buy
head damn fucking congratulations that's
tight Charlie get no back man
that's tight I'm so happy for you this
is dope but the windows up you crazy
there's a lot of function with that yeah
I'm gonna keep it
we could him crawl out look at him he
can't even get out look at this look at
that cute ass bear otherwise this gets
better gas mileage so help me say it'll
get you better pussy all just kidding
it's Teddy speed I'm kidding I open the
trunk the trunk or the oh yeah it took
me once and it's like I'm winning and I
think it's on the extra side by the side
of the football
in the hood this is this is the trunk oh
but it doesn't need this mission this is
a very well made part you know it's very
stiff this is what you want for the
hyper-partisan community all right what
do guys look at when they look under the
hood I don't want this easel like oh do
you want to have the engine right and
then you have like a radiator
I'm just basic radiator like I know what
all that is I was just adding I just
wanted to see if what he had an air
intake for the wood comes stock with it
everything is that home looking thing
you know some people they play like
modded they put like aftermarket spark
plugs and random stuff I'm just looking
this thing is good the reason why it's
so good is the engine is behind the
suspension all the way is inside of the
wheels dude what's really crazy about
this what year is this car this is a
2008 when it was bought in May 2009
brand-new all right so this is 2009
let's do the math how many years is that
that's seven okay hold on but look at
how clean everything is in here you
really took care of this car
everything's fucking clean like crazy I
bet this is way cleaner than my car
right now of course your car is always
really dirty well I don't know how to
clean the engine motor battery parts I
don't even know how to like take care of
that
clean it with what with the cleaner how
do you clean it going Shh
whatever congratulations in awesome
you're a new man have you been like
going ham in it like flying ok so last
night was when yesterday I went to
basically take my friend to get his new
car which by the way is a loss of nice
oh it was a 2006 but I only had 4,000
miles on it so it was brand new yeah
Brandon even smell brand new stick Wow
and so I did that I didn't get to start
driving till late last night but yes I
did that is awesome
wow that is awesome thank you
that is awesome this is pretty cool
all right Joe I'm gonna show you the
place without the lights on first crazy
right you can see everything whoa
this is like Christmas lights all
fucking day I know and the lights aren't
even on dude this is day why you can see
the 110 - you're right oh my god it just
keeps going and going and going
yeah and then the tens like right in
front of you over there behind the
Staples Center oh shit through this
traffic at this hour right now right
every time I Drive by I'm trying to like
guess which one your guys's building is
it's this one and then we have the
theater the Regal theater and in front
of you guys walk over there yeah no we
haven't had time yet to explore I
watched like three movies there I
watched like Robin Hood and some other
stuff isn't it cute
this is fucking crazy this is like so
crazy man
I know we used to live in a garage than
that crazy we both used to be all oh
yeah we live in that garage
damn yo this is this is actually a lot
bigger than I thought you would be this
is way bigger - who's he likes our place
babe oh yeah yeah the boat canoe mmm
yeah check out the noise so listen to
the noise and then now you hear it well
actually there's no noise I'll fight
either but it's like dead quiet in here
it's more quiet than our other house
inside inside I'm with Owen okay Wow oh
I want to spit so bad this is the crazy
part is you're right next to the Staples
Center so like Laker game whatever you
guys could walk I know we don't do any
of these events though but we should
retire and start yeah we were down there
the other night we saw all these people
in suits and gowns and they were like
what is that they remember seeing on
Instagram that Quest Crew wanted
for Koriyama yeah and that's how Eddie
was it'll hold it up and it was at the
Microsoft theater Duane oh shit for the
Nokia I've been Microsoft pazzo oh yeah
cuz who gets Nokia oh shit that's cool
man so they had the Emmys there yeah
pause that's right it right there dude
it feels like Asia like live even place
like yeah and then uh soap in the
morning we'll walk dogs
it'll be like places give a fuck cockles
and I kill the smell of like ah
pollution and parse hearing like all the
Asia this is cool this is I didn't know
you guys work here I thought you guys
were you said you refined the wrist so
when I looked at the wrist our oh thank
you you kept trying to guess us yeah
every time the crew we think their
houses oh cool by the Ritz and they were
kind of but I didn't know you were like
right across the street like this this
is fucking good man this place is really
convenient like earlier today when I
came back from the gym there's a car
wash literally like across the street so
I dropped the car off you looking at
wash I came in here and I made food and
through the window I can see the
worksheet on the car like washing it
down there and then I
haleh I seem fucking around man yeah do
you feel like moving next to us now
David's gonna move he doesn't know yet
here we keep telling him to oh no I
heard he was gonna do k-town right yeah
my home I do k-town so let's travel it's
like this tripping yeah he wants to move
out Marriott sort of like oh it's
running about Merion you want to get
your own place they were looking at
k-town spots
probably I do Kate on doesn't feel like
living in LA because it's Kate on to
this k-town it's it's old thing it's
like a gap old ghetto suburb yeah I
think that used to be the suburbs over
them yeah everything around yeah now
suburbs yeah but in k-town because if we
did a good by the way I think we did a
good thing guys all our friends really
love this place and I really love this
place and it's so dope that I get to
share with my friends and I get to share
it with you guys like look at this it's
beautiful
and I think the little room but I took
my shoes off this little guy's been
working all day
hi baby oh no you're trying to talk this
whole time I am so sorry I always feel
like I need liked you Oh baby
oh poor buddy look at your battery oh
let's take you home
poor guy here
here duck duck
go home buddy go home there you go
you're so good
yeah victory boo boo boo oh my poor
buddy but look at how clean I love
seeing the patterns that it creates in
my rug cuz I'm like yes it's clean you
did a great job and that just tells me
Bart forgets to turn off the light every
single time I don't know why he does
that he always loves wasting electricity
I don't get it
I do not get it what the hell
but then horn now see what that means I
gonna kick up my shoes and I gotta
change my shirt you get out of all this
stuff and stick my makeup off oh I've
had such a long day this is like
seriously my favorite part way home it
doesn't matter where it is that I call
home as long as it feels like I have my
pup-pups and I feel my my hub hubs then
that's home for me it could be in a van
it could be the garage you could be in a
skyrise like this it doesn't matter I
just need that feeling of home and I
feel like now that can relax where are
you coming from come from the jacuzzi
and you go like that how am I supposed
to go you are you act like you're in a
hotel no this is the right way I've
never seen anyone in this building
dressed like this you rather have me
come down butt-naked that's so rude
you're rude you don't make any sense you
go to the Russian when you change into
better clothes yeah the road you're rude
so read no you're rude I will oh my god
disgusting what the fuck
well damn it's been a week now that
we've been living here and I still
cannot get used to how cool this places
and I've yet to explore my city I think
a little this weekend that just passed
um Bart and I probably walked for like
about an hour so we walked for about an
hour we got to explore our little city
but not too long we only went like down
a block and that was really cool that
was one of the first times I really just
got to walk around well not on vacation
so that's actually really rare because
in LA if you're from LA you know that la
is all about being in your car and if
you want to go from city to city you
have to get in the car and be in traffic
for like 30 minutes 40 minutes to an
hour and everything's so spread out out
here but in downtown there's so much to
do so much to see so many places to eat
at and everything is within blocks and
walking distance so this is such a new
lifestyle for me that um I hope I really
do enjoy because I'm still kind of like
on the fence of like I didn't grow up
this way so I'm not used to it so it's
brand new like making it tired of it
really soon or am I really just gonna
fall in love with it and then I'm not
gonna want to do anything else I don't
know yet so again it's only been a week
and I still haven't gotten you say I
think I still can't get used to the fact
be walking home or walking inside my
house all the lights are off but then I
see this behind me and it's just oh God
and it's just gorgeous and I could just
stand here in the dark and stare at the
window and all these little twinkling
lights it's quite beautiful
well back for you papa how do you feel
I've been here weird Oh fine I'm late I
didn't know that I had my lunch
and then and I had that I run like one
or two and then from then all the way
till now which is like twelve is my
first meal so I'm starving I would do
meeting after meeting after me we had a
meeting earlier talking about our cart
our first bar about like commercial and
half the time I'm just like about the
blackout because I was nutrients how is
it that you are just about the blackout
but then two hours later you're gonna
eat that doesn't make any sense
no three hours later you didn't like
that I was about to but you didn't and
three hours later you still didn't eat
any food and you still didn't - you're
being exaggerated normal man's like turn
out like that a man doesn't back out or
feel like he's in a black guy and
blackout all of them I don't know what
men you know I don't know that why you
always have to fuck with me all the time
see I was above the fucking moon with a
nation of horny that lot I have the
driest pussy in town because of Bart and
I never had a dry pussy I was such a
fucking hooker slut all the time yeah
with the wet is drooping is pussy and
ever since I met bar it's fucking Mojave
Desert in there it's the fucking Palm
Springs of pussies like it's fucking
sandpaper you know cat's tongue that's
my pussy it's bad oh oh yeah I don't
know what the fuck you're talking about
you're tripping I'm tired I'm tired of
your shit I am NOT tired of this view or
this location look at me
I can't see you with meatloaf in our
room and this is what's so fucking cute
about him
he always has to make decisions as to
what he wants to do so he decided to go
sleep in our room and a little corner
for some reason fuckin cute
motherfucking for place while I was
telling Gio which also told you guys
another vlog I wanted to feel like a
little I'll have a girl that is moving
into the big city you got to show them
what you did in that room though what's
rude in that room oh yeah yeah but you
felt like so when I first came into our
living room by the way I first came in
and out like oh my god this is the
fucking downtown oh my oh my god you
fucking hit the fucking streets
