so far so good remember that post that I
posted on Instagram where I wanted to
start dressing more like a human being
and not look like I'm going to the gym
24/7 well so far I've kept up with it
today this is gonna sound funny but
today is my one of my biggest
temptations so on Tuesdays and Thursdays
when I shoot JK knees or JK party it's
easy to resist the temptation it's plain
that's even a temptation to wear gym
clothes because uh I'm not working out
those days so it's easy to just wear a
casual clothes and then and then just go
shoot and film where you're supposed to
look nice anyways but on Mondays and
Wednesdays like today I'm gonna train
later so for me it just makes more sense
it's more convenient to just wear gym
clothes through all my meetings and just
go train with the same clothes on I love
to do extra laundry or anything like
that but I did make a resolution to
myself where I do want to start dressing
more casually so can open up different
parts of my mind get more inspiration
for a barber get apparel and all that
stuff so I'm sticking to it and this
morning I was looking at my little em'ly
shorts and I was looking at my joggers
and I was like even though it's just one
little difference that as soon as you
put on casual clothes like I just feel
like I stand up straighter and I just
feel more presentable so it's like a
different state of mind so I am glad
that I put on casual clothes because now
I feel more business-oriented even don't
do the same things but this one I'm
wearing today
Barto Brigade sweater you got a bar
obligation underneath got some dope
shoes to match got my jeans got my watch
so this is my fit for the day and I'm
actually very proud of myself for even
dressing casually knowing that I'm gonna
be going knowing that I'm gonna be going
to the gym later
so this is a very big step
and I'd like to point out that it's a
very beautiful day today because it's
been raining in LA for the past three
days now and the Sun finally came out
and there's so much smog in LA now that
it rained it brought all that down it
just feels so crisp and it feels really
really good it just feels like a start
of a good day I can see why people like
to dress up nice because we just feel
better to kill yourself better nothing
so what's the other day goes I was so
sad when it started raining I just got
my car washed and I paid for the big
bucks detail the car wax the clay bar
and all that stuff and then it rained
immediately the next thing I know it's
been like a hundred bucks on this thing
but the cool thing is my car did start
getting dusty just by sitting in the
driveway and the rain actually washed it
off so I'm pretty happy look at that
it's shiny
yay and I think I got scared cuz no
wonder cars hella dusty like a cheetah
with all the little cheetah dust patches
when it rains I mean I when it's dusty
when I raise it turned into like a
cheetah dust Pat Riley there's just
little dust circles or but I forgot that
if you get a clay Bart it's super smooth
and then so when the rain came to just
wash it all off and you don't little
clay bars clay bar it's um they use like
the silly putty type material and they
rub it against a clear coat of the car
and it takes off all the microscopic
pebbles that you can't see
so when you use the back of her head and
touch it later it feels like a brand new
car at the dealership it's even way more
smoother than waxing so you gotta do the
clay bar and it takes out all the little
pebbles and then you seal the cl√≠nicas
now it's considered like bear with wax
but yeah so my car is brand new again
Thank You Rainn you guys want to see
something ridiculous so I don't know how
they messed this up because this is like
one of the most simplest things we've
made so far we're coming out with
beanies a bottle brigade and we got it
back and it looks dope we got some
different colorways you got a gray we
got blue or black we got green got navy
blue but honey look closely it says
barrel burgade and in Spanish it would
be bad al pretty gaudy and I don't know
why or how they did this but this is one
of the reasons why sometimes things get
pushed back during launches you give
them the most clearest directions
obviously this is our logo so we
wouldn't we wouldn't have a misspelled
like logo or a digital file but somehow
someone got on this and still changed it
this is ridiculous but I just wanted to
show you guys that when dealing with
companies or when you're starting your
own company things don't always go
smooth and always expect some sort of
fuck up or our accident or mishap to
happen so funny just had a really cool
meeting with all the Fargo Birgit
athletes they're still here but we
pretty much wanted to ask them what as a
company where we could
doing better for them what they'd like
to see out of us and we had a one-hour
brainstorming session with Amanda Mike
Bryce on the corner and it was awesome I
got really really good feedback
everything from how expose could be ran
better to how they want to be involved
in the Rd of a parallel through all
kinds of stuff even like um like work
fund related activities so it's really
cool to just pick their brain and we
have a lot of things to work with now so
me and Evan are going to be spending the
rest of 2018 to really down then than
Bastrop um really build a Dalek we're
building a company like everyone knows
sponsors in the bathroom athletes is a
very important department but with just
so many moving parts and the one person
wearing like so many hats is really hard
to really focus but now Heaven's helping
me so I'm really grateful for that
and I'm really glad that we were able to
use this opportunity while Bryce is here
because it was in Colorado and Michael
is in Sacramento while they're here
we're able to pick their brains and get
a very productive productive productive
meeting now their friends are talking
here a pervert
I treat this chance
now I get to meet up with my friends
oh hey how's it going you made it I
think never come out
that's no law so I thought she was gonna
come in the morning so it's not gonna
miss each other but she never come
I guess I'll build a house over yeah I
like hanging out
hanging out after right
all my friends here like a bar not
socializing now when I'm training I
don't have to have such a rush schedule
like 30 minutes
actually be a human being with awesome
it's so random wise are two random
avocados here who is this it's this sign
does this mean and there's a square of
water what fuck and there's a red pen oh
my god this has to mean something
oh oh what's happening to the world all
right speaking of training you guys lost
on the mic right so he is one of the
barbel athletes but he's also one of my
business partners in Kaizen training and
you've seen all kinds of people run ties
in from AXA tuning the Jasmine even geo
and we're really excited to announce the
project I've been working on so you saw
without all that this white guy came
into the office and his name is Boris
shake oh he's one of the most legendary
powerlifting coaches of all time he's
considered a professor in Russia
well we teamed up with him to create two
powerlifting programs one is a
competitive one and it's I believe 30
weeks long and the other one is a
offseason one is 26 weeks long and
because he's so highly regarded he's
kind of like the Phil Jackson of
powerlifting where he has like the most
winning championships of all time and
one of the best coaches with the best
strategies but the problem is the best
methodologies are in Russian so we
teamed up with him and then we hired dr.
Mike Israel who has a PhD in Sport
physiology but also speaks Russian so
that we don't want to water any of this
down but anyways all this is kind of
mumbo jumbo the important thing is this
is probably if I were to toot my own
horn it's probably the best power that's
the program of all time teamed up with
the best professor of all time with us
we'll know how to make digestible
templates without watering it down and
this is available for pre-sale at Kaizen
training.com
for 97 bucks right now
they'll be available for purchase to the
public for a regular sale I guess on
January 17th but right now it's on sale
for free so if you really want to make
some big changes
to your piloting career really get
strong I think this program is it like
if you can find be best boxer the best
basketball player the best whatever
coach in the world to make a program but
with someone that you relate to this is
exactly what we did and we went through
countless of hours of interview and so
I'm really excited to announce that and
I'm really excited to announce that so
go to the description below I'll give
you the specific link and the difference
between the competition program is
that's for people that are extremely
dedicated to be very very hard like
really really are high volume high
intensity and then there's the off
season one which are for people who ran
the competitive one and now they want to
take a slight break but still hold onto
the gains they can do that or if they
just have too much life to deal with
like they have two jobs or they got
three kids or don't but they still want
to make serious gains and they still
want to be under the tutelage of a
world-famous coach that's the off season
one so go into the description below and
click get there
we've got some good training in and now
I'm home and every time that I get home
I actually have to be very hesitant and
reserved because I never know sorry I'm
reaching into my pockets for keys I
never know if Tyco is asleep or awake so
I can't just bust in through the door
open the door I got a see like if he's
awake because if he's awake in a can but
if he's asleep fail we fail we quiet so
that's kind of my mentality going inside
my house why Hey what is it Korres
brings out
all right sleepy you wanna go to sleep
retired mister mister man that I thought
that I thought that thought of doing
that and he people giving mouthing good
that's so cute
I recorded a lot psycho remember good
mean yeah a guy
good boy two delicious raspberry
lemonade ooh and my meal coming right up
mommy'll these days I've been eating my
meal preps trying to get back into shape
or Rooskies and I also ordered greens
it's gonna happen to have time to like
make my own greens and one little-known
fact that people don't know is they hit
like these weight loss plateaus what's
going on I feel like I'm you know I'm
hitting lower calories than before but
I'm still not hitting my weight-loss
goals and it's because you're not
hitting your fiber goal so it's actually
really important to eat you want to eat
at least two handfuls of greens a day
because it helps you digest protein and
helps you get rid of all the junk and
your tum-tums so I ordered from Mama
loose because I just really really enjoy
Cantonese greens like whether it's
garlic stir fry string beans or a hollow
vegetable on choy or whatever this time
I got in Mandarin is called kill meow
but it's pretty much like like like what
is it called
oh damn smells good but it's like bean
seedlings like little Leafs
it's really good mother likes that stuff
too so I'm gonna half of this with my
meal and that's gonna be my dinner along
with the delicious raspberry lemonade
and that's it and then we're gonna spend
the rest of the night together with me
ma bear Pitino and the bottarga good boy
good night everyone
