on days that we shoot JK party which is
pretty much a game challenge show is
there anything that goes through your
mind that makes you prep for it like do
though I gotta bring my egg answering
lots of coffee it's super high and
energetic be funny is there anything
that that runs through your mind you
have any pregame rituals for this game
show for Jackie party yeah so I'm part
of the creatives so I know everything
that's happening like weeks in advance
or like yeah then I guess I'm preparing
myself when we're doing those meetings
so I come here it's more of like right
COO I know what's going on so I catch a
lot of it and because of my competitive
nature I don't really need coffee don't
need to really gear up for anything but
I find though that on JK films back in
the days when we used to shoot skits I
had the same relationship where I wrote
the scripts I'm part of the creative end
but on game day when it's time to shoot
this gets I feel like I have to kind of
kind of like put on a different hat and
turn on that side of my brain which is
to act in to perform and I feel like
that's a little bit differently as
prepared as I am with the script even
though I wrote it I know everything
that's gonna happen I still feel like
it's another beast yeah that's a little
bit different because that involves
acting so even if it's you that you're
acting in this script it's like you're
still within this world right so you
have to kind of play within the
parameter of this world that you made up
but forge a cave party it's it's
literally us being ourselves so it's
it's Josh being silly it's me being a
fucking an asshole it's you being you
know your self cuny the cuny so it's not
like anything that we have to like press
for me like okay whatever it's like you
genuinely get who we are so you're
telling me that if you were to play the
same games in the living room you would
act exactly the same with no camera oh
yeah I mean I'm surprised you're asking
me that because I feel like I do because
I play completely differently oh yeah
you're way more chill maybe that's what
it is cuz for me like everything that I
internalize
I do a lot of my thinking in my head and
I have a poker face which is also why
you'd always say that my sex face is so
boring because even though inside I'm
like fuck yeah fucking cum and my toes
are squeezing the sheets got-damn but my
face is just poker face yeah and I think
that's just the way I was raised where I
internalized a lot of stuff and so for a
JK party I kind of have to kind of
externalize those feelings and so I do
have to perform and after I perform like
when I'm done with JK party I'm super
exhausted because I spent like eight
hours being someone I'm usually not you
don't go through that like any time I've
ever played
like I'll gauge who want playing games
with and and I can't help but still be
like competitive and still be loud and
like you know create that whole banter
or whatever um that's always there but
then the scale of how much I put or the
volume of my voice that's
very on the crew that I'm playing but
for me to be quiet and have a poker face
like I'll never like that's just not my
just not me
so you just naturally verbalize what
you're thinking in game play yes yeah
but then when it comes to taking news
days those are the days that I have to
mentally prepare myself because one we
shoot all day so I have to make sure
that you know I'm hydrated I have like
coffee
Heather accommodated or caffeinate
oscillator don't you consummated I'm
caffeinated hydrated caffeinated
I have snacks and I just have to tell
myself like to to you know to to throw
my tunes to senses no I'm sorry I'm so
tired I don't know why and you're
supposed to perform like this no I
turned it on I'm telling you that's I'm
so competitive when it's like game time
it's like okay let's go poo poo poo poo
and it's crazy and then listen is it's
cut I'm like just like you
ejaculated yeah I think that's xxxxxx
and then at the light report cut I come
and then right after cuddling so there
you have it
JK party is sex hello Lauren so Lauren
is one of the lesser-known JK team
members can you please tell me what do
you do here well I know what you do here
but I'm asking rhetorically for the
camera sometimes I go and get all the
props get all the props ready
in the morning I call in for McDonald's
because everyone looks like God also we
all I get the order in bringing here we
also catering yeah catering service and
pop delivery and I also camera operating
I'm behind the camera
once in a while when I fuck up you guys
pick a verse in me and they'll are you
doing so we got but did you just learn
how to camera yeah I actually didn't
know how did you even
who put you behind the camera gonna
mount a camera I don't know they're just
like Lauren you gotta go goes boom
Michael so Michaels like Lauren just
move the camera around so it's that easy
just push the red button just move
camera how did you come to working here
just was working with Jake and generally
how did you call how did you go from
being Lauren walking on the street
picking flowers to pressing record
buttons and swing on the camera
oh cool it's like a leadership time no
bitches in there who's the bitch
yeah and then one day he was just like
do you want a job do you like my work is
looking for an editor and at that time I
didn't know anything about editing but I
was like okay sure
and then so I contact court didn't know
anything about editing we applied like
I'm I don't know if you know but I used
iMovie for the first like child let it
and it's 12 hours to do and it took a
long time and all think what do I really
want to do this
and then after I finished the child edit
Sean gave me like a whole run down a
premiere and then I was like wow this is
so much easier I really want to do this
that's insane so you try it out for an
editing job and you didn't even know how
to edit I just went what motivated you
to do that that's like me trying out to
be a pilot for airplane I'm like fuck it
I don't even know how to fly this
motherfucker in the film that's our
major learn more like we don't really
just want to so you have all kinds of
film knowledge you just didn't have that
technical knowledge so you're like how
can I apply all this theory into like
hands-on experience like I would just
really really tiny things I had no idea
wow that's really inspiration I even
know this about you Michael you never
told me this
Michael are you hey Joe
did you know did you know Lauren doesn't
even know how to edit Lauren applied to
be a JK news editor and she didn't even
know how to edit her first audition was
her first edit ever on iMovie my dad
actually does like After Effects stuff
dude you're the definition of go for
broke because I was telling Lauren that
there's no way I would audition to be a
pilot for airplane I'm like hey my
co-pilot will teach me oh there you go
that's pretty crazy no wonder your first
edit suck so bad that's really good yeah
see it's all about your driver
motivation or hustle that's what life's
about winging it
all right what are you guys filming we
just ate yeah oh my goodness that is so
crazy looking when it's just dissected
like that and you like it the balut
tasted the juice so there's a three-step
process to like how Filipinos eat it you
drink the soup and then you eat the yolk
and then you eat the actual duck the
soup was actually really good it tasted
like a concentrated chicken broth the
yolk was less intense than chicken yolk
the duck itself was it was kind of hard
to eat because of it looked all squishy
like a little alien did you guys eat it
I tried it yeah yeah I think now that
I've tried it I don't think I'm a
hoarder ever again yeah well I know what
it tastes like and I can respect the
cultures that do eat it but it's kind of
scary to me so we just ate like four or
five really really weird things how did
you feel about all of them and tell me
which ones did we just eat I think the
first oh the first one was a bull
testicle but it was fried okay well that
wasn't too bad I think I think majority
of these dishes were all more like a
mental
yeah I feel like I could eat things with
an open mind it's just so hard to think
about it's like bull testicle it's it's
not as bad because I'm thinking about
yeah like there's pig ear we eat
intestines like it's not a huge thing so
like whole testicles okay
bugs is okay but bull testicles while
you're eating it I think the part that's
psychological is that you can envision a
hanging nutsack between because it's
walking around and they're like fuck now
I'm eating that so I think everything
you eat this a psychological aspect to
it and and the taste it tasted like
liver and gizzard it did it was so
strong it was so weird I'm kind of glad
that we had the batter to like help and
mix it in together like the flavor
because I think if I just ate the
testicle itself it would been way too
hard yeah I'm really glad that there was
the batter cuz it kind of ease it in
I think afterwards we ate was it bugs
the bugs is actually really cool though
because I didn't mind that at all
whatsoever yeah it reminded me more of
like yeah like shrimp chips or bonito
flakes yes
um so it's again the texture wasn't too
bad it looks crazy visually and once
again there's a psychological factor and
if you've seen a grasshopper jumping
around but when you bite into it it just
tastes like some Japanese and then you
know what like knowing the fact that
we're eating bugs it kind of I think
what really helped was when I was little
I would watch these documentaries and
then one documentary in particular that
there's this village I would fry spiders
yeah I like just warming up to Ikea that
like people eat bugs as like a source of
like food yeah they didn't really freak
me out too much because like I know that
when we see bugs now we're like oh my
god you gotta fucking kill that thing
I'm like now it's just like when I think
about I'm like oh you still want to try
that try it like a tarantula yeah did
you know that bugs are actually a way
more sustainable source of protein for
humans like because of all the chicken
and Cal for me like we have a depleting
ozone layer where we're having this huge
drop because of Agriculture they have to
you know provide food for all these
animals and per space like for a cow
cows like that's big as a car behind you
and so we need a lot of land to harvest
like couple hundred grams of protein or
whatever versus bugs we could have
millions of bugs in that car space
behind you we could feed everyone and we
can have everyone hit their protein
requirements but it's just a
psychological factor that as nice as
like a big juicy steak
oh that was weird was a Louisiana
delicacy it was vinegar pig lips I'm not
a huge huge fan of intergroup but the
thing is that like I like pickled things
but not that pickle and what it actually
reminded me of was um I think when you
eat Mediterranean yeah like radish yeah
that's exactly what it smells like but
then would it taste like was completely
different
it tasted like pork belly and it was
mushy super strong pork belly you look
like surprisingly it does kind of melt
in your mouth and I'm like I don't know
what to make of this texture at all but
like it's if I had enjoyed vinegar when
I was younger I think that dish would
like one of my favorites yeah and then
finally what are we that was so oh yeah
we had pork rinds how was the pork
brains oh that wasn't so bad it remind
me a lot of liver though because it's
like very chalky
do you like liver no I'm not a big fan
of liver it definitely just Latakia and
then also remind me is like those cube
blood pork blood yeah that you get like
it's super hot they pull my way or
something yeah yeah yeah like I'm not
really a big fan of those because it has
a very arty taste yeah a lot of the the
organs that we've been eating the flavor
is so strong it's not like chicken
breast it's just like when you and then
final experience do you get duck in
general you're right I dunno okay I
think it's just like the fact that like
with the way that food is
to us it's always served in pieces yeah
we don't really see it as a whole we
have a disconnect with our food yeah and
then like just throw in the fact that
you're eating like a whole baby it's
like I feel like it just crosses so many
morals for me but at the same time it's
like well this is a delicacy in this is
a food that has been eaten for years so
like I think to me it's like okay well
people enjoy it there must be some why
they enjoy it so like let me experience
this and not like rob rob this
opportunity I think that's one of the
things where humans have a huge
disconnect with our food where it's like
why can we eat our food and pieces but
not heat it whole and whole is the most
natural way and now it's even to the
point where there's people that are
probably watching like people eat in
balloon oh my god you're fucking savage
but it's like but if we can eat an egg
and we can also eat a chicken how come
we can't eat everything in between so if
we really want to call ourselves like
meat ears we should be responsible and I
kind of like the way a lot of Asian
cultures do it where they don't waste
food you know they don't kill the pig
just for a pork loin they eat the brain
they eat the intestine to eat everything
and to me if you want to be a meat-eater
you have to be responsible and save the
earth and don't waste products so like
eating the blue it gave me like a whole
new I guess like outlook on how to eat
stuff and not to be wasteful and I
really enjoyed that experience never
tried so it's kind of like it's not
incredible in the first place yeah it's
almost like bashing a whole nother
culture for what they do exactly and
it's kind of like Bowl I think you could
give your opinion once you try it yeah
and then like and I feel like that's
more valid than feel like oh my god like
just like being a spectator feel like oh
my god you're so fucked up like athletes
would eat something like that is
very true
I finally or we just finally got home to
our new la home as you guys saw and it's
very relaxing to come up here after a
long day's of work and you saw that we
film JK party for all day and what you
didn't see is I had a few more barb up
or gate meetings under the JK party
which I always have what did you do for
a bottle brigade today I had a semi
marketing meeting and then a photo
shoots and my video shoot meeting with
our with churro and Evan because we have
a video shoots this weekend and then we
have another photo shoot
midweek the week after that it's
actually our first legit commercial
there's a script written for it and I'm
really excited for this photo shoot
because because of the staff and the
professionalism and experience that JK
has we're at this level right and
everyone that we've been grooming at
Barlow brigades in passionately Charles
yeah he does love about photography but
Gio was really the one that took him
under her wing and helped develop him
and same thing with me and the team so
there's kind of like this discrepancy
where were the mentors the mentees and
as JK is growing so does barbel but
because JK hasn't really shot any skits
or parodies or music videos in a long
time the guys I Barba's slowly been
growing so now it's getting to the point
where they're working on scripted stuff
and there's a lot of things that they've
been editing and the videos they put out
it's such high quality that I really
feel like this is really the next step
and I'm so happy that Casey is gonna
come out and kind of supervise and kind
of Mentor everyone so that's
being that I'm super excited about what
I wanted to ask you it was you know wish
you Jake a party and we have this really
really long case do you get tired before
you enter the barber Brigade meetings
because I know a lot of the guys at JK
they kind of gets a break at 6:00 yeah
yeah lieutenant says they break they go
home relax whatever like Joe went to the
gym do you feel tired and if you do how
do you muster up the extra energy to
work another like three hours
oh man I'm totally exhausted um just
just every every ticket party like we
give it our all like we give a hundred
and ten energy we give one hundred and
ten jokes we give a hundred and improv
like we try to give you guys our aaaa a
game so imagine like sprinting for six
hours
I just but yeah it's really flat so just
imagine like sprinting for like straight
six I'll say five hours we don't we get
unlit like our lunch um so just imagine
it's pretty tours is just pretty and
then it's like okay now it's cut that's
a wrap and we're like alright cool let
me just catch my breath but then it's
like nope now we got it all these are
the meetings and for me I'm just like
seven hours we go from 10:00 to 6:00 so
that's eight hours of one hour oh right
it is irregular yeah so then at the end
of it it's like you're just mentally
exhausting sometimes my voices is gone
and then a lock job I do where you talk
so much today like you guys sing it I
flogged my mouth is a lot better alright
piss our guy the cat pocketbook yeah
yeah yeah I get that a lot like my
tongue feels like it's not worth it
anymore it's not necessarily my drawers
like my tongue and like everything gets
fucked up Oh
Thank You thanks um and then there's
times are my girls then I think like
damned I really need this meeting right
not like we meet so much like do I have
to do and then I kind of have to take a
few steps back because that's more of my
emotions taking over because it's like
you're tired come on just rest take a
nap and uh and I just have to tell
myself like I'm not I'm not doing it for
Gia I'm doing it for barbel and I'm
doing it for these guys like they're
super motivated they're super inspired
they're super they come with their
a-game and it's not fair that I rob them
of that because I'm being emotional and
I'm being selfish so I kind of take like
I try to be unselfish and I think about
them and you know all that fire that
they have and I don't want me to be the
reason why they kind of lose interest or
they feel demotivated or they just feel
like I guess kind of disheartened in a
way you know that's one thing that
really inspires me it motivates me to
like I do you know we go through the
same thing wish you eight hours remember
saw stood and usually when I'm driving
from like JK the old office to the new
office or the new Jake and barbel
meetings are I have the windows down
music blasting I'm like revitalize
revitalize revitalize I got to lead
another group of people but when I get
there there are actually the ones that
leave me because they're the ones that
are so hungry for knowledge and I see
that they're on their a-game they can't
wait to me and learn and collaborate and
I'm just like do you guys motivate me
because seven o'clock is 7 o'clock
anywhere and for them to still feel that
energizes that much willing to you know
get shit done online alright
7 p.m. is part of your workday it's the
start of mine too yeah so then like I
met with Charlton and he was one of
those really exhausting days for me just
because you got to saw that we were just
and sending a whole bunch of foreign
food that I might never buy still smell
oh by the way I'm just not used to so
that was like a very stressful situation
it might not be as stressful for you
because I guess you have more of a
developed palette I guess it was
stressful for me
finite bugs on the regular with the foot
I mean yeah but more of an open mind
when it comes to that you don't I mean
like I mean it was just fun it was
stressful for both of us but um I was
entering my first meeting and I was like
alright well just show me what you got
and like you said he had his a game and
and he came very prepared and he came
with all the details and a really good
solid preparation and presentation that
I was just like oh shit and then that
motivated me and kind of ignited
whatever
little fire I had left and I'm like oh
my god catenin let's do this and then
move forward like this is a great job
this so then that also like really
really woke me up but then as soon as
like we nailed it and I'm like oh okay
this is your homework friend you know
for Friday or whatever give me this this
this and this and as soon as you're like
cool got it alright see you next week
I'm like okay I know that's how I feel
right now and surprisingly enough moving
into the middle of the city I would
think that the hustle and bustle is like
you're never gonna turn it off you know
you're always on that Wall Street City
grind but coming up here and I'm looking
around and it's actually very peaceful
all the lights it's just you know what I
think it is very chill well I think it's
because we're not in that hustle and
bustle grinding or yes our our building
is like geographically our location is
in the like literally in the heart of
downtown LA but I feel like us being
like this high up in the air like
removes us from that so we get like this
bird's-eye view of everything and and it
really puts you into perspective or put
things in
like like you're not really that
important what you're doing isn't really
that crazy like just chill out it takes
a new time like you get to remove
yourself remember it's like you look at
this like look at how it's significant
like we look compared to like these
beautiful buildings next to us so it's
just like alright chill out like you're
not that important like taykitty life
moves on just relax
you know kick your knee kick your shoes
off at least that's how I I don't know
if that's what you feel that's how I
feel but
now the day has come to an end I'm gonna
relax actually pick my shoes off I know
my shoes are still on these are like I
can't wait to take vehicle don't know
what it smells like I like when I get to
slip in and out of shoes but just trucks
are like my favorite shoe of all time
with the RO pitch to put on it off so I
can't keep these on and off when I
please so it takes work like unlike
untying it and then removing the laces
and stuff so I can't wait to suit this
off and they were like wrapped around my
ankle - gotta eat an ice cream I might
go to the jacuzzi my watch stranger
things which is one of my favorite TV
shows as a recent yeah just relax and
let my brain melts away
yeah I can't wait that's what you're
gonna do I can't wait to get out of my
clothes like you guys know that's the
first thing out to do take off kick off
my shoes take off my clothes get into
PJs and wash this makeup off like I
can't wait to wash the makeup off and
then cut my hair up and just fucking be
a mess what
good night for place while I was telling
geo which also told you guys another
vlog I wanted to feel like the little
I'll have a girl that is moving into the
big city you got to show them what you
did in that room though
what's room in that room oh yeah we felt
like so when it first came into our
living room by the way I first came in
it okay
oh my god this is the funky downtown oh
my god
