hey guys welcome to our new place so as
you guys know we already got our spot we
just moved in so there's going to be a
lot of stuff all over the place but
we're so excited that we had to show you
before we believe I don't have a disco
party we can't even wait like we just
have to show them is that the stranger
things will little well you guys
watching today's on Netflix anyways keep
on coming this is our new place
alright so you guys just walked in
through the gate Waverly you're skipping
them so you can tell who doesn't do
chores here I do all the chores so what
else going to say is right here is the
laundry room this is the laundry room
that he's skipping with in here before
even looking within here all right I
might even look washer/dryer
pine saw cleaning agents water on the
floor any water on the floor what and
then what else you got the stuff that
goes in sentences and you got the stuff
a golden ball anyway well yes what's
really cool about this apartment is that
it comes with its little washing room
which is really super cool because as
you can see you walk to the door
wash your room washer/dryer here so it's
super loud so it has a store that we
cannot close because we have bottles of
water because someone didn't organize
the correct deal we can't close the door
no where am I supposed to put it on the
freakin movie exactly anyway so yeah we
what's cool and what's kind of not so
cool about this place is that we moved
from a semi bigger more spacious place
to a little bit more compact cooler
place so because of that we have to put
some really random object
in this room because I just don't know
where the hell else to put them and
that's kind of be that's that's going to
be the theme of the rest of our crib so
super cool room a duffel dog water dog
food vacuum random trash can
we're still working on it I got 90% of
all that stuff right well I mean you
can't go to wrong I just wanted to
specifically move so like Gio said the
theme of this place is compromise
because when you're moving from the
suburbs into the city that's what you're
giving up is space but are you getting
robot though your nose wait for it keep
on coming
so yeah we're still kind of trying to
figure this area out to the dogs we put
food in their bowl and then they like to
do this dig they scoop it out so we
don't give them more food insulation so
if you look down here there's just
random food on the floor and there was
abundant step on it and it makes don't
do it don't do it don't why are you
doing that aren't you sir
but if you keep coming one of the cool
things about city living is they like to
build in a lot of they build in a lot of
built-in storage now they don't really
built in a lot of built-in storage what
do they do where it's needed they do
have it here but I don't need it here I
needed my freaking room but anyways we
have a little office we don't even ask
so it's like a little community office
space which is cool as you can see it's
still storage I got good boxes random
records what's in here
ammunition we have linens in here and
towels what the fuck why are there two
of it I don't even know where there's
towels there we'll put it there that's
my Vina Dean start and then we try to be
organized
uncle Nadeem got the dog bones that
thing but they love it but secretly
thing is one is eating them but you hear
him growling keep coming in oh you got
this little guy not because we did that
we want to prevent from going down the
hallways because we've got dogs that we
want to
prevent from barking and disturbing our
neighbors that's where the reason why we
were whispering earlier is because all
the doors are really close yes once you
come into the units it gets pretty
spacious and big but because we are city
living we do want to be mindful of our
neighbors so we try our best not disturb
anyone but if you come on over here this
is what I think city living is really
about it's just a massive naazy fast
views of the city and what's really cool
you don't see this right now but if you
come on the weekends to our place the
Staples Center is fully lit up just a
few days ago there was a Drake and
future concert that Emmys was held here
and this popping in it's live and
Microsoft Center right over there
and this type of view and feeling it
this is the reason why we gave up the
space in the suburbs so that we can have
this amazing view and when we first
started looking for a place where I was
telling geo which also told you guys
another vlog I wanted to feel like a
little I'll have a girl that is moving
into the big city you got to show them
what you did in that room though
what's room in that room oh yeah but you
felt like so when I first came into our
living room by the way I first came in a
nothing
oh my god this is the funky downtown oh
my oh my god Chris the beanie fucking
hit the fucking streets and go and uh
what's what funny cuz you're like near
you you're like this massive piece of
muscle and then you're like so dainty
anyway go so this is our living room
not get done - not yet done you'll see
on the blog through in a day time but
wanted to give you guys a night tour so
that you can kind of see everything
that's going on
see the 10 freeway the 110 freeway the
10 through is actually interstate
freeway so that's the one that goes from
the west coast all the way up to the
East Coast and this is our yeah very
amazing view if we only have one to two
walls like two and a half falls to
really work with in this like area cause
like that this this is that it's all
glass baby the beautiful thing about it
the beautiful thing about this is
although this window is technically a
wall when you're sitting here it doesn't
fuel in close like it feels very
spacious just because of the glass
effect and we're out on the street we
can see our entire room lit up if we
leave the lights on which is super cool
and one other cool thing is because this
place is so fucking swagalicious our
idea for IKEA furniture doesn't even
look like IKEA furniture anymore edition
looks all of a sudden with five times
more expensive but you can get this shit
out here we're still missing a rug here
we got rid of the other rug because the
dogs tore that shit up because not that
not because they pit it but because they
look and they eat stuff on it I don't
know what they're eating or maybe
they're chewing a bone and they lick it
and they walk and just collect all this
dirt looked all bronze I'm like I'm
getting rid of that so we need rugs and
coffee table I don't know what else we
need here we need to get rid of that
first Oh still got boxes of stuff yeah I
think I think like these walls just kind
of decorate themselves cuz you have all
these like beautiful lights all over
it's like why would you want to put
anything else here yeah it looks super
doughy if you come on over here this is
our bedroom
that looks exactly oh but these guys
were in it and our furry creature
children are in here so once again we
just moved in or IKEA furniture and it
looks like it Matt oh my god almost fell
over and it looks like it just matches
so it feels really cool like one thing
if I had to explain or kind of describe
how living in this space feels like it
feels like you're living in a hotel but
it's your own room
and you're on permanent vacation it's so
cool but it would mean the diamond Jill
we always talk about it every single day
we're like do it feels like we're on
vacation like when we wake up in the
morning and we walk the dogs there's
just like it's the liveliness of the
city I hear people yelling and screaming
in place in a pleasant way and then I've
seen people cooking and it's just very
lively and it just feels like Vegas but
I live here
and it's also our own it doesn't have
that sterile hotel going yep and we got
really creative we got I can't boxes and
all the shit that we that used to fit in
our bedroom that doesn't fit any before
we threw under the bed in the boxes so
it's me that's a tip for all of you
people that don't have enough space no
is the space underneath your bed got
another furry creature down here doesn't
give a shit about us
she ain't moving then we have our
bathroom um and we have a his in her
sink that's one thing that was kind of
like shit I wish we had another sink
here but we're doing what we can with
the space that we have this is one thing
I didn't get I don't understand so we
were looking amongst a few of the
buildings were looking at we like this
one because this is way high up were the
20-plus stories and a Fahd came in is
hilarious it was like she did something
wrong she snuck in anyways before I got
distracted by fun what I liked about
this building it seemed very luxury but
not overly like flossy like fucking rap
video it was just like its high-end I
class and even out of the spaces that we
chose were like you know what since
we're going to live in LA for a year
let's just spend that extra dollar and
get what we really want and get the full
LA experience so we even got a place
that's relatively big I think this place
is a little bit over 1,500 square feet
which is pretty big for downtown living
so with all that said I expected right
to have a his inner sink but to have
just a sink and then face a fucking
cutting board I like I don't even
I don't get it understand how this is
like they could have fucking built some
pipes I don't know whatever I mean we
got a big meter that works so we got a
big beer and we have a big tub check
this a big tub oh the big tub
now we haven't even used it look at that
I'm 511 and it fits my big ass oh shit
this kids on how babies are made
yep all right sex and here you go put it
in me all right here you go
all right go and that's this is called
the LP that's what I'm just kidding just
kidding are you gonna get up are you
gonna get up oh hey you what the fuck
how am I gonna get up on my whole butt
couldn't be hewn not me I'm gonna save
you oh you're the worst
hey buddy hate me I just saved you
you're the one that put me in danger
anyway well now to the walk-in closet it
um and this is again another thing that
we had a super creative one I think it's
only one of us that fits in here but
yeah we have racks on this side racks on
racks on racks racks on racks on racks a
bunch of shoes that Bart another theme
to this house is that forehead sock shit
right now
wait so every job that you're seeing
here is all bar-chix isn't put anything
away so this was it right in the front
in the front
what there were all your guns my gun box
I've had time oh that's funny I have um
and then in the living room it was more
boxes here there's more boxes that's
kind of the theme of my life actually
but before you just scoop these
sighs bees those are the ones I have
sentimental value so I'll never throw
these away
these were the first pair of shoes that
I bought to embark on my piloting
journey and these are the same shoes
that I wore at my first powerlifting me
so you know Mexicans do with their the
first Navy shoes they toss it over the
phone wires no no the baby she's they
put it on the rear view mirror oh don't
put these on your rear view it's gonna
block my drive you you don't think so
this is our closet uh and then this hold
up I put that there purpose so you guys
are surprised when you see the wonderful
shower were what they actually like
about the shower what I like about what
I like about this shower she's gonna do
payback she's fucking with vengeful
already know are see right off the bat
I'll fight uh-uh uh-uh
nothing will be but one thing I like
about the shower there's a light there's
a light so in the morning you feel
really awake when you're Danish out of
it you didn't even get in there Joginder
like roasted what was that hose that go
all right now we're going to a
baby-making room that's cool that's
where it matters oh yeah oh you want to
know something fun what this is when we
didn't get for mine I thought that was
what that was the last time with it oh
because the other one so I kept the lay
when we got married and I had the very
remember I moved it oh the kitchen like
we don't get it other kids so you can't
clearly tell that we don't cook for shit
completely skip this whole section but
tell them about your Oh cutting board so
what I really like about this counter
and please excuse the crazy emergency
put these firefighters that going on
outside what I really like about this
counter is first of all is really big
and then I learned through my culinary
friends that in the cooking world they
actually use the counter so I always
thought you bring up the cutting board
and you put all the little food on there
the in the culinary world they prepared
all their food on the counter so if they
were to make like four pizzas this would
be squeaky clean and all the pizzas on
and then they would make it here and
they would like place all the food here
so this is kind of like a way to serve
your friends if we if they were hung and
then when the themes not here I get
naked and Bart like his traditional
country he makes sushi and then you put
them all over me like this and then eat
them off me and then we have sex on here
on here yeah we get freaky yeah he is
really nice and it sounds like why was
he sleeping brother busting up open one
of the deals me oppressor give extra
sauce and I know oh one cool thing
because the Dean is Afghani show me this
the other day
this is Afghan bread so this is the
first time oh yeah this is my first time
that I've ever seen in my entire life
Afghan bread okay there is you know what
this looks like to me no like the first
the first football armor you know cause
you you know back when they still
weren't just like a leather football
like so this is Afghan America dope and
this part of the fridge was
are you what's the water
god damn so this part of the fridge is
really sentimental to me because growing
up I'll go to my friend's house and it
would have water and then ice cubes I
don't know where are they going they
just run up so growing up I've done my
friend's house and they would have a
water or ice cube dispenser and my mom
would buy fridges I would always be like
hey mom
why don't we get one of those ones and
she's like it's farm ranch people
morning I'm like oh man you don't
occasional shit and then as I got older
when I started buying an actual
refrigerator I would go and shop and I'm
like oh shit my mom was right shit is
expensive and since we everywhere I was
moving in my early adulthood I knew I
was going to be temporary I don't want
to drop mucho pop on it and when I came
here though I almost shed a tear because
I was like don't
IceCube dispatcher that I always wanted
I finally have so it was cute cause you
went like this he goes anyone like this
for like a good two minutes he was
petting it I'm like what the hell's
wrong dude he's like it's Maytag she's
for rich people and then he told me the
same store and that was the cutest so
this this actually has a lot of
sentimental value to me where it's
something I've always wanted and I was
always told that it wasn't for me and
because I worked hard we can have ice
cube dispenser there you have it folks
stay in school work hard pursue those
passions in you will have an icemaker
water dispenser built in your fridge all
right God moves in the deans room oh
wait wait is anything oh this we're
probably never going to use if you go
from first generation parents um this
was seriously just a hole I'm gonna hop
in sure this was just a whole dishes
like true I've had one in the first
house today
do we have one of these and we never use
it we wash dishes and we just use it as
a dish right dish rack and then that was
the end of that and one thing that I was
really amazed because I lived in Asia
before and when you're living in Asia
like you hear all kinds of the street
noise and noise of the city but we moved
out here and I came into this room we're
like oh shit like if we don't say shit
any it's dead quiet like what you heard
was a refrigerator if you even heard
that yeah and it's because of how well
it being is insulated if I were to open
this door though check it out there's a
world of a difference there's like all
kinds of people
New York Italians is screaming outside
so I'm gonna be the plane while you can
hear point well not closing and what's
really cool too is we have this little
balcony patio
can you please explain that ice cooler
thing we're moving we'll just put stuff
in different places but if you want to
come outside this is one really cool
view actually
so this is kind of like an uninterrupted
view with no glass or anything and it's
really beautiful to just come out here
and kind of look at the city over there
is a USC building and we just got a
bunch of buildings and as you can see we
are on the 20-plus floor so we're much
taller than most of the buildings in LA
and that is the world-famous Ritz
Carlton evaluate that and that thing
right over there
not that this video hall not that this
video is sponsored by any means but that
red bull sign over there was actually
hand-painted we saw like eight different
artists working on it like for eight
hours they hand painted that that's
amazing and that's quite beautiful
so now we'll head over it's in Adams
room and this is Nadine's room I'm gonna
close the door so it could be quiet and
I think that instant movement and he has
one of his nightstands built but it's
very straightforward and it's a very
very nice room and um Oh she'd have sex
on this bed
why no just all right we're gonna have
sex on this bed he has a view too but I
think he likes putting his shades down
well I think because uh when he's
sleeping this the Sun comes in by wakes
him up okay so Nadine has a really cool
bathroom - it's pretty big and I feel
like oh look at that color
what Wow on a team great job let me
guess you picked it up for me
see these things as you get older you
start to have dad radar that's how I'm
not ready to be a dad because I could
smell bullshit a mile away and it wasn't
the body that's what you that you were
ready
no oh cuz you got that dad bought on
luck I sure do look at his little
curtain
let me guys you pick that out - no it
didn't cute though we'll pick this one
up who cares
exactly that is cute
ah and keep and so this this is pretty
much our space um what's also beautiful
about the downtown LA city living are
the amenities so if you would like we
can show you guys the fitness center and
a Sky Lounge and also the roof top deck
view if you would like okay Pontius
alright so here is the Sky Lounge of
what was talking to you guys about and
this is all the really cool
and this is all the community space this
is a shared space so here we can
actually rent it and close a party or we
can just lounge sit out look at the
beautiful downtown la you look at that
look how beautiful he looks watch the TV
that's right behind you but one of my
favorite things and the main reason why
I come here every see what the fuck
every single morning is the complement
array Starbucks coffee
what's dope is now give you free
Starbucks coffee to give you all the
sweeteners stir they display it very
nice I mean they could have just slept
in the box but no we're classy people
equipment glass vases reporting on ok oh
there he is
right here we have our free Starbucks
it's great and then there's more
lounging spaces right over here
a little study area here it is what
Internet's none it's broken no problem
you can use some of their Apple desktop
TVs I mean computers but you're still
distracted
what miss bloody longer then right over
here we have a very own screening room
in Kate we just make sure no one's in
here we don't want to disturb me one
watch a movie
so it's going to be hella loud I think
what happened is they probably just
cleaned everything and wash the carpet
all those things are fans but we do have
our own screening room first-come
first-serve this is really cool we're
definitely going to use this if we ever
screen a JK movie become a JK movie
screening party or watch a big UFC fight
or something this is pretty dope
and then we have the executive lounge
where you can host your own private
little meetings right so we'll let some
gluten-free cereal that's right now then
if you have a conference call they have
a speaker we have this very expensive
I shouldn't even touch it Heaney I heard
this thing's sold for 48 off did you
know my daughter
yeah me too I'm just kidding at me today
but yeah we host a little business
meeting here have some big-ass
transactions go down where nobody can
hear us very private very quiet again
with the amazing view but what you get
tired and you into Bromwell too
distracting this BAM problem solved
beautiful this is actually the first
time I've been is refer me to every time
I got someone's you seem like someone
really we try that goes if it's for me
I'm just being nosy I come and I get my
coffee in the morning and I kind of just
peek over to see what's going on and
really curious about this case yeah I
look in and there's always someone in
there whatever go inside use it I just I
would like to walk in here and see what
it's all about but every time I tell
someone the next face we're going to go
to is my favorite and I love going to
relax there and I'll probably relax
there tonight oh yeah
oh my goodness look we have a visitor ha
ha ha
so we'll give it back oh this is just
like MTV Cribs on MTV Cribs Super
Friends this randomly show up this was a
plan for the video Sarah was supposed to
come over and relax with me
but this is Network welcome this is our
community did you know we're gonna be on
this floor yeah he's like it's the last
thing I was like wants oh yeah they're
on the board Oh like they're filming
Ryan Gosling
so for you alright so you cannot you can
you can listen on in this school over
here is my favorite part of this
building and it's the hot tub and it's
really big so we get to share it with
our friends and that's what I feel like
life is about is life is about trying to
get yourself some very comfortable life
is about trying to get yourself into
some very comfortable enjoyable moments
but not enjoying it by yourself but
sharing it with your friends yes oh yeah
tell about the experience we're all
about experiences here so if you come
out here
the first thing you'll notice is the
extremely big lounge biggest out for
bandages that are very comfortable that
we haven't used yet but we probably will
I just did I would help you down like
during the weekend if we just want to
get some work done on a laptop just come
out here you can feel the breeze it
feels really cool and we still have the
view of the Staples Center what picture
oh shit almost all down I think as in
said he almost like literally trip on I
thought it's scary because we are high
in salt like everything is magnified if
you come over here where you felt like
an old guy you are like this you it he
wasn't waterproof oh oh shit Isis plot
it today just look you come over here we
have our jacuzzi is very very warm very
comfortable home very so you guys Rob if
you guys follow me on my blogs one of my
favorite things to do is to go to a
ginger bum which is like a spa and they
have hot tubs and showers and pull them
stuff in there and because it is kind of
a pain in the ass to go from the JK
office to drive over there and you have
to pay like 15 20 bucks every time I was
like Madison wasting money so when we
get a building in downtown it's really
important for me to find a place with
the hot tub so I could save myself that
trip save that time and bam bam we got
one right here
and another really cool amenity is this
grill that we haven't been able to use
yet everyone's always students present
here but we will and it's a huge grill
all right and we can entertain people
and this is pretty much a normal day
around here there's all these amenities
and no one is using them and we have
hundreds of on the coughing still
persists there's hundreds of people here
and it's always empty which is so quick
I feel like this whole building is ours
all the time
yeah last but not least we'll show you
the fitness room
figure wait until yes let it Club so
with a lot of with a lot of the
amenities here you have to gain access
which is really cool so you don't have
weirdo just coming around and peeking at
you doing this arrow all there is to
have your treadmills your stationary
bikes your elliptical machines this gym
is actually really big for a built in
like hotel type gym I was really
surprised when we got the tour I was
like holy shit
you got three treadmills three of
verticals please build bikes and it's
big enough where a lot of people hire
their personal trainers to come and
coach them up here what's up punching
post
under the Sephora magazine also dope is
if you practice yogurt you want to
stretch outside you can sliding door to
the back
it's a lounge area with the fire pit and
so this is pretty much it this is our
new home for the rest of 2016
and half half of 2017 and this was all
just made this was this was all just a
decision made on a whim based off of a
hanging with JK yes like if you want to
hang out if you want to what was it
would you rather live in us well you
have to be a rule or a city person yeah
and then I think everyone in JK was I do
wear super rule want to be in the
suburbs you want to be in Hawaii
actually and then when we started
driving away from the shoot me and Gio
started talking no for me in the video I
was just like yeah you stay more current
with trends you know like you're in the
know of things and I was just like wait
I have nothing bad to say about it and
then in the car is one that then in the
car we're like wait why don't we live in
the city especially since you know in LA
I think it's every early 20s person's
dream to live in downtown but it's just
so expensive it's not affordable unless
you're like a 19 year old millionaire
you're done early just hit like the
jackpot you got a really really cool job
and so for us because we want to have
kids and settle down later on with like
let's get out of a system they've been
downtown LA for a year
treated as if we're traveling to Paris
and looking there for a year except it's
LA and I'm just happy that we're able to
share this experience with you guys so
for the next year you will be
experiencing our vlogs in downtown LA
like you guys are living here yeah
I'm so excited to share this next
journey with all of you guys thank you
for watching bye
