Kelly uh what are we doing today
what are you right now the major Qi was
to be at a key party so the major
killers we're playing game right now
yeah the major we me we you're not part
of JK party
what do you mean the SWAT team yeah oh
so you're playing with us today huh
you're playing with us today
you smart oh don't play yourself don't
play yourself played you know why what
are we doing what are we doing you're
playing one night werewolf how do you
play that I'm not the best explain so
hold on god dammit hey what's so
beautiful people just going on hi so
we're playing one night ultimate
werewolf like DJ hell is mentioned and
the way you play this game it's
basically deception right so there's
there's bad guys which is the werewolves
and the minion and then there's the good
guys which are all this town turtles you
have here a robber troublemaker drunk is
on the ex villagers right so it's
similar to Mafia where everyone is given
a specific word but the twist to this
one is
people still go to sleep and wake up but
the twist is when they go to sleep every
single row does something different that
can fuck up a hand that you were
initially dealt so for example um if I'm
the villager and the troublemaker wakes
up right so honestly I have my villager
card troublemaker wakes up now the
troublemaker has the option to switch to
cars randomly without turning them over
without seeing what that character's
they could switch it without anyone
knowing and then when you wake up
because it varies from mafia that you
remit like that you get to see what your
role is um you never get to see it after
you wake up so you only get to see it
once so if the troublemaker switched you
you don't complain new person you could
be a completely new person you'd be the
same person but you don't know and uh
unlike mafia you can only go to sleep
and wake up one time you can only kill
one time like machi you can kill
multiple times and then do uh yeah you
can kill multiple times in uh you could
do it uh this was so distracting
but yeah that's that's basically the
game can you run through each one really
clean that says what they do alright so
this is a fear so when everyone's asleep
the steer wakes up and they can see any
one of their opponents card or there's
three cards that are left in the Sun
that nobody's playing so they can see
anyone's card or they can see two of the
cards in the middle that no one's
playing the robber wakes up and they
robbed someone so they switch their role
with someone else and they also get to
see that card after they robbed them now
when the trouble wakes up I mean the
troublemaker wakes up they can't look at
anyone's cards because they're all
facedown they can't look at anyone's
cards all they can do is switch to
people but they still can't see what
they switch them for so they're also
they're just fucking people they just
fuck people over then you have the drunk
who like a drunken troll life just
blacks out doesn't remember who he is
where he is how he got there and how
he's getting home so all he does is wake
up he places his character card into the
center pile which has those three that I
mentioned earlier and he takes one out
at random
never get to look at that character so
he's also in the blind again like a
drunk person then you have the insomniac
again when everyone's sleeping she's the
only one that can wake up look at her
card to make sure she hasn't been
switched but if she has been switched at
least she can verify who she or who her
new character is now and then you had
the villagers who don't really do
anything but just village they don't
wake up they stay asleep the entire time
while all this shit's happening
uh and then the werewolves all they're
trying to do they can't really kill
anyone all they're trying to do is just
stay under wraps and not get caught and
then the minion who is also bad and part
of the werewolf team he is trying to get
caught he is trying to get killed
because if you kill the minion and not
the werewolves then the werewolf team
wins cool fucking cool I think what a
lot of people play this game
they don't understand when you wake up
as a new person you are now that person
I'm during a team yeah that's a good
point so if I'm a werewolf right now I
look at it I put it down I go to sleep
somehow in all of the characters
rotating and switching and swapping and
stuff if they happen to change my card
and they tell me once gameplay begins
that they switched me then immediately
I'm on the good team and add to say I
was a werewolf I gave my card to
whatever or you switch my card from
whoever that means he's a werewolf and
you have this which like immediately oh
yeah do you like this better than mafia
I love this more than mafia because it
just changes everything up and then
you're like when people like churro or
Nadine play they do such a good job at
fucking with people and saying that
they're one woman they're really another
role that you believe them and then you
played yourself we DJ Khaled says it and
you're like fuck but I believed you hey
I think it's funny because everyone gets
to play in mafia you could just wake up
in you're dead and now you just don't
get a play true everybody to play and
everyone has an opportunity to talk
there's some people that will keep it
under wraps and kind of just stay in the
dark or in the corner and not really
talk too much but this one you're forced
this one forces you to talk uh do we
need you a sample round from you
okay listen are you yeah I'll take a
sample everything should to say I did
not listen to anything what you said as
well rough as well you know get that
right as usual leave that in the Edit
okay I never listened to gia and I just
leave it in the air Oh about the story
you told us yesterday olya for another
time okay no that was really cameras
will be for the next vlog thanks live in
the next vlog okay my next like Jake I
wanna hear guys alright the next one is
unicorn and then important ok what's the
story we're not recording anymore dolly
for the next vlog Oh camera bad ran out
of battery camera run out of battery oh
yeah the camera ran out of battery is
dead
tell me what is that you all these how
many hookers I'll tell me nothing
alright okay lunch how much tip tongue
awesome sorry the two two strippers -
strippers I was blocky yeah two
strippers wish I was vlogging come on
Michael be nice
what do you look so sad because we just
got fucking played the werewolf and the
minion in this game did really really
good and I knew that this guy I can't
say who because you guys have to watch
the video but this guy here was bad I
think everyone knew that this guy know
was bad but we just didn't know if this
person was made of werewolf and we got
fucking play hard for and
I I knew I shouldn't have came out but
sometimes you know when you're the good
guy and you know extra information you
just want to help everyone out so you're
just like fuck it you just come out and
help everyone but I should have held out
to see what other stuff you know unfold
so what happened with you by the
hundredth time in a row
I was Ryan G was bad which one she was
made it I fucked up you should do a good
job yeah what did she I thought why
don't you know it feels bad or not ah
cuz usually she plays more like logical
without accusing a lot well wait what
the what the way that was I had to
accuse cuz someone was impersonating me
I had to it please weren't that person
well does it matter but anyone let's I
was telling Michael he wouldn't know I
was looking at you because of the joint
you touch it but you can't do that
because that doesn't make sense in the
beginning you were just like I'm drunk
so I automatically okay she'll for sure
is innocent because she came up off the
bat and that's what was on my mind I was
like geo Zion players like that I was
all KC's a little shady but at the end
you did players like that
I was good now who bring real-life
scenarios into the gameplay I love that
ring the lesson that folks up the game
play all together oh gee oh so nice in
real life no no no I would say is don't
bad to say that yeah you know I set that
off the bat she came out saying like
very confident she was a drunk so I was
just like okay she's not gonna play us
already like that I keep nah and then
you can I thought you playing right
there that's you think oh yeah I never
do that yeah yeah also the part that
that screwed a lot of us over I think
right off the bat when we don't have
enough clues and we immediately already
make that judgement and disregard things
then we then like Jill wasn't even in
one of the options to vote for anymore
so I think that's really all fucked up
Jill was out of my radar tuna I was just
thinking it's I know it's this guy and
I'm trying to see who a pirate is trying
to build alliances with but I I just
couldn't figure it out you know
but I know Byron is the key but I don't
know who you did also sketching out to
cuz you're just like all the good people
talking about people talking I'm like
something I apologize also you got my
bag that's not what I was trying to say
my bad I didn't want to I don't know my
parts the fucking I was a part of it
yeah he's my buddy was on my side I
really thought I was like water you're
like back in each other yeah I was like
Thank You Bard anybody Thank You Bard
I was just like listening I'm like do we
need this kind of speak more cuz he was
just like I thought you turned it to
Michael yeah I would see what the fuck -
man yeah he really goes confused on this
game my dude you okay like a world where
like in life but God had to play this
nut so we just like to tell him we're
just like fuckin let's just come a
little evil item and then at the very
very end like I knew he was on my team
and I knew he was minion so then when
you asked who do you want to kill and
I'm like of course I wanna kill I want
to kill viral or no you did a good job
with that part that wasn't quite sure
how to read you I was like your werewolf
or minion and I was like we were asking
you I heard you're killing it one point
trying to kill me another fight trying
to him out like fuck what you really
want to kill him in here what you're
trying to kill us because you're trying
to figure out if I would cuz he knew I
was bad obviously she was doing that the
only one that knew that she was a liar I
thought she was the only a bad person
you have to play like you're a good
person like okay that it's between them
to like because one person's lying and
one person when today do you know when
you're the bad person you have to play
the lesser of the back because once it's
finalized on like this so we know buyer
was died right yeah he has to play is he
mini indoorsy world yeah and that's what
started in the same thing - I you least
from my perspective ugly I can't tell if
you're a road for minion the way we were
playing cuz then you were I was Tim out
evening you had asked me out and I was
like wow which one is it then I think
she did a good job because she never
really tried getting him out ya know
she always is between them but always go
towards you you never try to be like oh
it's him because our Merle thing it was
him and if she tries to leave them on
him she will take in my opinion you know
but I wasn't coming out you know what
are the fucking chances to that you guys
played the drum top pick the one in the
middle
I did not like Oh cuz you all cuz you
only study in order to yeah sounds like
that is also which one you want to look
at on site oh I couldn't make my eyes
look this way oh this is all like this
oh my gam then until you guess I gotta
show you those two the both of you guys
that you picked up in on my ah you have
no clue the reason I was telling that
story though I guess I want to get as
specific as possible cousin if you're
a-lying
you would just be like I just pointed at
it you know something I did I did you I
did it when you did that was like fuck
that is so good I'm like I gotta I gotta
get him back in the nuts and I did my
folding the fingers are whatever how
does I find to be specific as possible
so then you know he's trying to sell
that he really does every detail yeah
running back my history if you could
explain second-by-second how his play
was yeah and then if she gives her
explanation and it skips
minute-by-minute we know she doesn't
have as many details as him but the new
immediate give me that bullshit another
one Thank You Nadine in the matter what
hey militant no i'ma get him - I got
minion fuck got nothing you got played
by a wife
oh yeah I really thought you were on my
team knows I can't trust you there's a
prenup Bart what the fuck I have my
almighty fuck you I'm sorry I'm sorry um
please get this to me I'm sorry it's all
the game it's all the game baby it's not
real life hey the same shirt Team Green
Acres yeah get it out of here get that
get that crap out Stewie
oh one little line for you just make it
boy really really good
no it's what I do for you I'll do it for
you by just a little bit no cookie just
your pinkie more the deep versus first
tell them about the /bin candy candy
yeah it is it is candy you tell me it's
spicy candy that tastes really good it's
really so anyway the Dean I think it's
now time for you to try the candy this
candy pepper palace ah gross Josh go one
drop one drop yeah like a little drop
here just try what the hell the hell you
mean what do you mean what the hell
you're imposing I've already done it
where in your hand dude we if I could do
it you could do more in your hand with
your hand I guess is that a no I don't
think that's enough that's not it look
at the food bags why is she going crazy
oh this is more than enough
would you take this much I would I'd go
for it well I don't want to eat it
though you know there's a video of you
trying it on the internet you just do it
goddamn it let me see it that's fun like
we catch it right there it is
just do it no it's not it's not hot look
Robert there's instant instant spit all
the candy exactly the symptoms Oh richer
pick you up to this this ain't gonna
feel any burn your eyes slice oh my god
why would you flashbang yourself throw
your turn
haha did you just throw up oh my god oh
sorry I bet you saw that Eva Braun oh
come on who your Mexican nice letter
come on dude yeah this is nothing for
Mexico run away just one pic yeah okay I
get this ready go look he's good wait
but I did you did you never did this yes
I did no way I did no you daughter was
like three so when I tested one thing
just raise it the new things I tested it
or not alone I do you do it I did
already
yeah I did way more just do it just hook
Medela don't be the hey help me good
okay that's good now look the whole
thing nah go you're gonna get lean you
say go go go the whole thing that's
ready no fun oh boy Sherman cleaner
fingers you got a shitty flush like shit
and
my tonderai to my throat I gotta put
right there oh good shit forget you guys
guys torturing me oh we all took like 20
shots of this what do I want to baby one
that's ready here's my tongue I took
like two big-ass shots at this dude it's
crazy because I just put on my back of
my tongue and then add the fumes this
hits the back my out don't touch your
eye with that pinky though for the rest
of it they don't touch anything with
that pinky yeah guys are so mean how are
you hey through this shit
how are you know because eyes are
Audrina if you're watching a romantic
comedy or something it's worse bridal
home trust me kill the whole thing we
got it yet it's a bread though oh good
more here you did more is this so good
it's for you bread bread yeah so yeah
I'm fucking done man
yeah don't touch anything with that
pinky it's out of commission no no hello
you don't sweating however that's you
fuck my stomach oh no it's not it's
lactaid milk so it's lactose free
cocaine yeah oh yeah
whose idea was it Michaels Michaels
though I don't even know about this like
he Michael well this right now because
Michael brought this to JK party I had
like two or three shots of this bad boy
and we're done per head and so I wanted
Nadine and Charl every time they come to
JK party they always get the fun stuff
so I like dude you guys got to try the
real Jake a party and they just tried
one initiation
one of off initiation drop a JK party we
don't always have fun we have fun all
the time
fuckin milk my mouth that's true fundal
it wasn't painful yeah yeah ready a
party is painful so but not now your
true JK party member
I'm gonna mean I always been and you
know if the nasty soils is painful
dude that was nothing that's just nasty
soda this is this is something else I
thought the thing was in the wrong way I
tell you it's getting worse it gets
worse let me see when I teams up your
way like what's Nadeem up to now Oh what
the fuck this is really getting spicier
how did it
I'm here's I don't want to throw up
inside oh wait trap we're gonna cover it
that's true Jesus sweating balls
I think what's wrong why are you gonna
throw out of did spicy huh
see it lets see it
I had we put your mixing dude but you
know you can't mix drinks that's I get
sick you're rude you got everything rude
someone I would never do that to you
Nadine I think I documenting this fuck
fine I got it I gotta pay rent I hope
this is a race boys this
Oh what goes through your mind on which
one to choose from when this stops
working source to this and when they
suffer again sir step
how the ominous skip this next yeah no I
know bullshit my five minutes so just
wrapped a meeting and then we got the
homie beat Choi who's the double agent
he not only works for barbell I mean let
me repeat I'm tired not he not only
works for JK but he gets down in 30 with
barbell and he even has his own line
right here and it's just not any old
little line it actually has purpose and
it's actually pretty fucking dope I'll
see I've ever talked to you about your
brand tell me why your brand so the
brand is Greenacre it's rolled down my
friend is also the verbal founder he
grew up on green interval in Oakland and
a lot of a lot of what he does today
stem from that like a lot and here's a
graphic designer now and his best
memories on that street was going to the
park seeing the Lakers and since seeing
the colors isn't up like that
inspired him to I do now scraggly
designing and then what we're doing here
is were a collective of storytellers you
like to tell stories we believe that
everybody has unique moments in their
life even though they think their moment
oh my life is basic if you think about
it your memories or you need one into
yourself and that's more than enough
reason to share with others especially
with social media now it's like crazy so
we're just trying to highlight
individuals who don't necessarily think
their life is grand or what
everybody is you know special that's
high everyone's a unique snowflake
exactly cuz you know there's no two
snowflakes that look alike even if
you're an artist or you're doing a
nine-to-five yeah you're still you know
you still have memories that nobody else
has and we're just trying to bring that
out there that's tight
you guys are spreading good vibes and
you guys are also indirectly inspiring
and motivating others that feel like
they're just not special or that they
just have nothing unique about them yeah
fuckin teller easy you know there's
people that ranging from amateur
photographers appeals to students to
people in the work of you like I did a
story about Lois is a Taiwanese guy who
cooks and he thought his life is based
on like bro your you're an Asian man
cooking Mexican food that is fuckin rare
we got emails from aspiring chefs like
hey you know I thought it was dovish and
it kind of motivated me and pursuing
what I want to do because my parents
don't like me going into the culinary
world going into culinary school just
wasted like its waste of time watch I'm
watching you and hear your stories
encourage me to continue to say Dan
that's tight you're making like mini
superheroes and shit yeah I mean it
comes from you guys from JK how I got
into JK kind of done it inspired for
myself too because I thought I was going
to go to traditional Hollywood round
where how it says PA as much as I can
and then hopefully get with a studio or
production company and then just you
know more commercials hopefully and even
a couple decades work on a future film
yeah and then ba ba Brigade comes along
and then I signed up and the rest is
history so now I true and then we have
the the front desk conversations and my
bro just come on one of our sets
I don't know interview did you notice I
come next week on my way yeah that's
tight man
let's fucking dope thanks for sharing
your story where can they find this um
our website is Green acre Cole if you
check it out inside website defined by
my friend and also features original
photography so we'll be switching that
up every time we're doing something new
dammit you guys go on there and share
your stories with us because we do want
to crew it's more than just a clothing
brand we want to create a community
where everybody gets chairs brisket damn
told that's sexy damn dammit you're
making all the girls panties wet right
now I could I could feel it
not personally Philip I just know that's
what's happening food matters what's so
funny
cuz you're so fun oh thank you thank you
that was a crime no I thought a crime
okay tell me about your shirt you're
sure yeah you were so happy today we do
I'm so happy I have this shirt if you
like it's nothing left nothing twelve
don't remember but the cool thing about
us four years old and I squeeze my
badass body in this shirt so I can look
cool and take care your pardon good guys
being look cool
yeah you look Jack what does it need
like a same Keiko yeah okay so no
Macaulay Culkin
Nicoli Kobe well what was the bull with
the model the blond hair one with the
big boobs that used to jerk off to
what's-her-name kind of man hey I don't
judge me she's hot yeah she's right
she's hot I feel you I just didn't
my understand way you know what I need
Victini white girl from Canadia she's no
category yeah she Canadian women I know
you like Amana know what he's done he's
gone you don't have any yeah I'm done
I'm going home now
we're gonna watch strange things I'm
sorry possibly I got scared last night
three I did I did it it they call me out
selling I'll do anything you tell me
will this happen all like this never
happened I heard you with the letters
yeah yeah I saw that you'll have to bark
out mad at me for watching both you guys
I didn't get mad Margolick like stop
watching we're gonna watch together you
know I told them that last night she
doesn't give a fuck oh I'm just kidding
in a tenant he was think he has a hammer
and watched anything well when he comes
I'll be there like half an eye I was too
late we're watching out like Oh
everything you like lucky I was gonna
watch it now yeah he does sound like a
fucking kind of guy
fuck him though let's boycott Bart Quan
was never to see one ecology no he's
sleeping on the couch
miss Maurel yeah make you sleep in the
hallway I'm down beside last four years
in the house yeah yeah makes I'm gonna
I'm gonna start packing a little bit
been packing like every single day
you're done though right like it's a lot
of clothes but they're all in trash bags
nothing but a they glue your mattress
and trash bags yeah done so everything's
clean damn I'm excited this Friday
Saturday sorry Saturday I'll be gone
though yeah I know you're going to
Mexico - I know about myself
he says easy gesture your foot you're
undergoing really gross so you put your
fear
do it well god I hate when they do that
shit so I am you jump twice up and move
make sense now so basically the two
steps it is I don't know you're never in
Congress
whatever would you like this ready wait
Winky come on not moving already
I'm not holding like this and you just
like that okay but one on one foot or
what the where so just a minute
you wrote the chicken your leg and 5.39
moving dude I won to secure it out yeah
in a while
shall we done oh yeah what does that
mean like your gay cherry pop well no no
what was your move a cherry Hey yeah
cherry cake was just okay but one of my
homies wants to go on your show know the
trigger finger thing oh yeah I you might
want to take that off tough guy hey you
worried about the impact close to the
champion three down here we drop down in
you throw another one but so you pop
down be confident and you pick there
your ankle anything like this
well my home is to wrestle for UCLA back
in 2010 you on the scatter
oh yeah what I bothered by school high
school high school any cherry pie he
took see you know cherry pop you wanted
yeah what was like a mom to me
yeah you come around you get his neck
for leverage and you come under go oh
when you guys get that close can you
guys smell each other's breath yeah oh I
don't want to smell garlic Alice talk
about hey garlic's over there got it but
now he's actually actually did Colin
Firth oh I should
what are you waiting on rashes because
like your guys experience like a rug
burn
oh yeah doing the gym floor and you like
scrape yourself you get that nasty red
burn on your arm yeah nations will
Cheryl has a coupon his cop like he has
one like very like like different angles
of his cock because like depend on the
position he dry humps Rene you know and
like that motherfucker is a dry hump
like I'll demonstrate it with diamond so
like how do you you've seen it yeah yes
okay you've seen it like fabric that is
soft so he's that alright now where was
my shortage gonna be just like Karen is
that the two-step - yes it's a cherry
pop oh you guys they were horrible but I
like it you know I also look at I lost
oh yeah alright well I'm gonna go cherry
poppers oh do all right good night hi
Papa of the table we're finally home yay
how you feeling Oh kind of have a
headache
oh oh why I don't realize like when I'm
indoors for too long now I don't get
enough Sun or I get just all fluorescent
lights or or maybe there's something
about like too much brain power required
I start getting a headache so like today
since we filmed pretty much from 10:00
a.m. all the way until
p.m. state indoors in the same location
with super high intensity brain power
and then right after that which is when
usually people's like they end their
jobs right like they go 9 to 5 or 10 to
6 so we did the 10 to 6 but then
afterwards I did another 7 to 10 of
meetings so now my brain is like my
brain super fried and I just feel super
indoor so like on the days like this but
I usually try to do when I Drive in
between office or the other office I
just have two windows down I'm not even
trying to have artificial air yeah have
tons of artificial air and I've had tons
of artificial light today and as an
animal I feel like we need that I feel
yeah so I'm right there with you it kind
of hurts oh my heart's right here yeah
so I start to get a little bit of stuff
done and then uh time to go sleep
you know watch stranger things I want to
do we have time yeah for you always I
thought I'm the responsible one
responsible on yeah I'm the one that's
always like baby gotta sleep and then
cuz I'm like we need sleep but you're
the one that's always like let's watch
it and then tomorrow morning I have to
peel you out of bed like a gum off a
sidewalk
fine well enough about that little
Siobhan shitake shit I'm finally enough
room you're a little chimichanga okay so
finally home and this has to be my
favorite part of the day when I get to
take off my shoes and then put on my pj
pants and I haven't done it yet but I
like taking off my shirt I'm a brawl but
I'm wearing a bra a sports bra right now
so it's a little bit get off so it's
just it's it's already pretty
comfortable ever since I got boobs I
and sleep without a bra anymore like
when I didn't have boobs I was always
sleeping braless and I'm like this is so
amazing but now because I didn't grow up
with boobs like when the skin which is
like the skin down when this part of the
boob touches this skin so when those two
skins touch it freaks me the fuck out
I'm not used to that freaks you oh yeah
like you grosses me arms oh uh I don't
want such that I want that touching like
that that makes me uncomfortable I like
even the even the skin between my thighs
when I'm sweating and then those that
part touches it grosses me out to
Versailles ah like I'm not gonna vomit
or anything I just don't like it it just
doesn't make me feel comfortable it
grosses you out the pressure father no
no I know that's why I corrected myself
it's not that extreme I don't like it so
now I always have to sleep with the
Brawn then you sound like you're I mean
you look like you're barely hanging on
it's higher yeah it's really tired and I
still have some stuff to do fine do your
stuff you bit cutie pie do it yeah at
this hour both Bart in my brain are just
mush cuz we've been talking all day and
we've been like thinking like crazy hard
all day because there's there's regular
day-to-day thinking where you're just
trying to like get things done and you
know get by with your or get through
with your day and then there's
entertainment type of thinking where you
have to do quick witted and fast and and
creative on you know quick on your toes
um so it's like it's like you're running
uphill the whole time you know that's
what it feels like that's what where
your mind is um so then when it comes to
night times I can finally get to run one
and unflexible because you know when you
like from your tense your muscles are
super flex that's what I feel like my
mind is like when I'm filming but then
as soon as I get home I feel like I can
finally um flex this muscle and it can
just relax and in that relaxing process
is when my mouth just stops working and
my tongue just feels a little bit
heavier and then I start slurring and
then the words that I'm thinking in my
brain aren't like usually coming out of
my mouth I'm like what
what's going on like I just feel all
kinds of fucked up is it like that for
you to pop up yeah yeah this dad sounds
about right
yeah loss on the treadle vlog what's the
end of the night and then my mouth just
locks up so I'm like slurring my words
yeah
and even uh really communicate like what
I'm trying to convey everyone yeah yeah
yeah
no I feel it like again like I don't
don't get me wrong like I love what I do
but I'm just trying to explain and
describe why it is that I'm just a
little it I like sound like that right
now yeah I'm like there's like memes on
this board it's like the cool thing
about talking about a lot of
entrepreneurs is they do what they love
but the problem is it's a 24/7 job oh
for sure
versus a nine-to-five 25/8 for sure yeah
but the nine-to-five um some people they
don't necessarily completely entertain
their passions they like what they're
doing but you also work ends at 5:00 and
you get to go home you get to disconnect
and unplug and work stays at work yeah
yeah for sure
that's a give or take I don't think
one's better than the other but I highly
recommend but because for us like it's
so rewarding that it's worth it up yeah
yeah no absolutely I agree 100% like
some people in my you know my family
loved that nine to five grand because
for them they get to leave work at work
and then we'll need come home oh they
get to spend time with their family they
get to see their kids grow up they take
the kids to a little league game they
spend time with their loved ones on the
weekend um for us it's not so calculated
and and so black and white where we say
okay works going to end at six as soon
as I get home not to say that that can't
change and we can't make it happen but
for the most part because we're on the
ground we don't say okay at six o'clock
that's it
work stays at work don't text me don't
email me don't talk about it cuz I'm not
going to get to it till the morning um
it's more like you know we kind of take
care of it you know as soon as it comes
in we're like no no let's keep moving
let's keep pushing forwards keep pushing
forward um and what's neat about that is
that you know we
can you know take time off when the
regular 95 person can so that's kind of
the give and take there but I know Bart
and I have talked about having kids you
know more and more in these vlogs and
that's definitely one of the things
that's at the forefront of my mind that
I'm thinking man when I have kids like I
don't want this grind like that's not my
that's not going to be my passion that's
not going to be my priority more not to
say I might you know not to say that I'm
going to stop whatever I'm working on
now and it's going to become like
secondary but I know that I really want
to devote my my life at that point - you
know my offspring and I want to be there
for it and make sure I'm there through
every developmental stage that it's
going through um and unfortunately with
this type of lifestyle schedule that we
have it's not going to be really
conducive to that so um again the luxury
of not having a nine-to-five is that I
can slowly start restructuring how you
know my meetings go my shoot days go
might just my life in general goes and
and I'll probably start applying a more
nine-to-five mindset in terms of what it
is that I'm doing work and then when I
finally get to disconnect and unplug and
just devote my time to my loved ones but
I think slowly I think 2017 we're going
to start being a little bit more strict
about when we end work when we spend
family time you know having dinners at
home maybe even possibly having home
cook dinners I don't know yet but I'm a
cook I want to oh I love you good mother
fine possibly having that but definitely
making sure that we have our weekends to
ourself because it's like I think it's
it's really important to you know to
still nurture the relationship like yeah
we've been together for eight years or
going on eight years now which I mean in
that
I mean that we can just kind of keep it
on autopilot in cruise control and just
like kiss each other in the morning
because each other and I not interact at
all like Monday through Sunday like
there's got to be some sort of love in
the relationship like physical love you
know like what sex no I don't mean like
sex I just mean like physical of even if
that's like hugging or staring into each
other's eyes I'm not trying to get sappy
and all corny here but just you know
staring into each other's eyes and
saying like you know what I'm so
grateful for you I'm like so happy to be
with you right now like like we've made
a great life for each other like things
like that I feel like are super
important and make a huge difference in
a relationship um so you don't think my
morning what tells you how much I love
you every morning what you don't think
my morning what tells you how much I
love here would you get a morning what
even if I wasn't sleeping next to you
yeah no no it doesn't fine okay so yeah
if you suck it off then you'll know how
much Love's gonna come out of there how
do you say that shit in this fucking
pose what that's why that's awesome
fucking luxurious as helmet had you come
ahead
press your hair down see us off today
all right uh-huh
anyway so yes the downside is that my
they retired fine
so again um my brain is mush at the end
of the night and I don't get to unplug
as quickly or as soon as I would like to
but the ultimate perk is I'm doing what
I love and I will
eventually restructure my schedule to
fit the lifestyle that I want so I live
in a room all by the pub didn't ate you
messed up and Lorelei a lot of pot I
live my life a quarter mile at attack
I'm gonna create the life I want to live
that's of what I'm ultimately saying so
thank you so much for watching him good
night
um this is like a crazy view of LA so
there's going to be this open right
there you see it yeah a veteran it's
really clear then that you can see the
Hollywood sign here we might even be
able to see the ocean of some days when
there's not that much of a DC Long Beach
small I know that bill right there is
probably like TV or signal health so if
you look past that area lies the ocean
this is so cool
yay Congrats Congrats there's come fun
it's gonna be fun so right now we're
just waiting to get a measuring tape
from what is he cold with the property
manager
