Oh
Charlie do I meet you at Sarah I'm so
hungry I can't eat right now
oh my god I love the smell of doughnuts
nothing weak wait is that why you can't
have one just try that one I got you
that one reminds me of you
and then I know you like maple part two
so I got to see maple bars you like
maple bars yeah you do I love yours too
I don't know oh you are you a cinnamon
crumb type of guy no well right now
fucking any kind of no my kind of guy
how do you tried the OG ones on which
one tastes you might remember you don't
try a little nibble Avenue oh my I'm so
hungry
what was it last Milly you had what time
was the last meal oh shit well boy would
he join up eating grilled chicken with
veggies I mainly box I rock that sounds
good yeah I hate since like 2:00 a.m.
last night you're gonna make weight
chair up a family lesson Sarah damn well
you know what are you gonna weigh in it
well not you buddy Oh
either we left it in look I gonna start
running just in case you don't you'll
probably make weight but you want to
beat Sarah wait wait oh yeah
at this point it seems pretty cool that
more we listen Sarah you know I'm
viewing better just try to try to turn
left onto westbound that's high total if
we have a tie Toto that means I'm gonna
win I will at I'd like as in grid no
ties in like if we just came 200 total
I'm just kidding I'm just fuckin with
you
yeah like no energy all you be
considering that strew you want the
chocolate twister dress so you do one
more time when you close it and then I
open it in front of it all right you're
a moments away from weighing in what are
you thinking my mouth is really dry
I can't wait to down these two Petey
lies right here
what's the PDI for it's basically
supposed to hydrate me because I lost on
my electrolyte glass all my basically
h2o that's supposed to be my body I need
some of that after our way in but right
now I'm freaking dying my stomach hurts
have a headache
I just really hope that make wait why
wouldn't you you said you woke up at 184
win at 194 but I'm just saying like
because I didn't basically is that
official that's why actually true true
you can't relax until you know it
you're rude before
this one has a body civilization and
eyes be a stop flirting please oh my god
either Trinity Pharma I miss next any
when I go
go I love what you guys do it for front
of all these people
Thank You Java your friends for like
five years ago I've kissed all my
friends
he's not my friend he's my son how about
you I don't kiss my son's like a friend
you know your brother
now I'm gonna cut him out of card don't
do it don't do it I'm trying to YouTube
famous
oh you gotta put your hair on your lips
you do
all right so we are now at the NF I'm
fit Expo where all of these guys who are
competing - myself and the team are
gonna be weighing in this kind of cool
because I was here last year I was
competing and this is before approved of
- so to be back here I think that was
one of my best beats ever - that was one
of the strongest that I've seen in my
party career so to be back here is
nothing but good feels so I'm happy to
see this
how you feeling babe mmm how you feeling
I'm just trying to figure out where the
way in places yeah that's right after we
win that's when we get to eat there's
actually one of the first meat that you
actually didn't have the cup for oh yeah
so that feels really good usually like
really stressed out about six seven days
out because of the weight cut out to do
water manipulation possibly sauna limit
my food intake because I'm trying to
make weight but this is the first time
where I'm like you know what I have too
many things going on my life right now
this is focused on doing well at the
meat and don't worry about cutting and
doing well meaning like hitting the
numbers I want to hit not hitting the
numbers I want to hit Wow yeah you know
what I want to weigh in yeah so because
of that I I just feel like I'm just
gonna train tomorrow like tomorrow's
gonna go to the gym and just train and
hopefully hit some good numbers so it's
pretty chill and it feels pretty
relaxing and refreshing actually it just
feels fine I'm just walking in don't
really know how much I'm gonna weigh
step on the scale left but I need to be
competitive I need to be competitive
your numbers being that weight loss
I mean I'm relatively strong overall
dependent well this is the way
extremely strong I'm like I'm like a I'm
a hair away from being a leap dammit
so even if I bump up a weight class is
not too bad but it really depends on who
shows up game day sometimes nobody tells
them sometimes the best of the best show
up and he get smashed even though you're
really good chance really depends that's
what I mean you would have had a broken
back and I still competed I was I I
didn't try to even cut at all so I did a
weight class higher than I normally do
it yeah and I wasn't even close to that
weight I was probably like a pound over
the initial that I wanted to be so then
all the best of the best showed up and I
would like yeah they fucking smashed and
they usually go by the heaviest lifts go
last yeah um and then the slightest
lifts go first I was like the first one
every single time DM to Agua anyway I'll
let you get to it
do you remember that guy the tall guy
over there the tallest the tallest white
guy that guy do you know how do you know
him oh you know he's doing let me
compare the guest left there when I
jumped to weight classes so I signed up
as one if you want I compete over the
two twenties I don't know what happened
not this time no not this time you got
this shit that's right I wait what I
need well this morning I weighed 194 and
we're gonna see on the true scale
hopefully they're way less than 198 then
I'll start down in there oh yeah
what are you what do we what are we
eating after this it doesn't matter if
it's carbs and food yeah in salt
yes good luck so right now they are
checking their Rock Heights and The Rock
Heights are specific to every individual
because everyone's different heights
they like to put their arms different
widths so Saros rock height might be a
little bit taller than maybe the moss is
because that cerro is taller so i'm
going to walk up to it and make sure
that it feels right it's positioned
correctly it's not too low for them to
set up it's not too high for them to set
up so that's what everyone's doing right
now
so Saudi mullahs have the same rack
height
it was in
all the squat rack huts have done now
they're gonna transform it and make it a
benching station check it out
so now they're moving it
bro you guys
dude Dimas this is your second meat
every second beat every oh shit same as
same as seven what are you thinking
everyone in your weight class or
everyone here everybody who's competing
today
oh shit like overall you're gonna be
best lifters out what you're saying
yeah cuz I'm competing tomorrow
everybody from like 132 is down out
there
oh you're in a smash oh I agree what
okay what the scar on your arms yeah you
love that no I got in going here is
coming out what are you thinking I'm on
yeah
this is it for my dark spot
455 pounds
fifty-five pounds not even kilos I think
I first saw you at your first meeting
ever I was like damn this kids strong
yeah yeah I was like who is this kid
he's like supportive mad heart and then
I was like oh he looks like a baby and
that's not a bad thing though he's super
strong I like that you keep shooting
your feet because I think you're nervous
resume tomorrow you got to be like hey
every morning you go and trim off a
little bit of your beard yeah good luck
this is some other tests I've done all
the tests tests texture bro all right so
here
Saros checking out those rock heads and
if you can see on the inside over here
there's like numbers
and then this part right here is
actually so that if he ever drops it he
doesn't get decapitated yeah that's
pretty good
these idiots are doing voiceover for
these guys over here they're so stupid
you know they like to mess around
so immature I swear it it's kind of fun
I like hanging around with these guys
cuz they talk so much it's so funny all
the time and they don't get better when
you talk shit back some I think it's
hilarious
guess who the hell I found look at this
freakin douche bag over here
you want a hug just say it just say you
wanna know I don't want a hug from you
you ready this B once
are you plan this thing who's this cafe
hi fucking all pale oh wait you said
that's you yeah yeah yeah yeah you look
bigger in person I know that's all
their end of the spectrum
wicked Dimas over here
let's go DeMoss stay tight all right
he told him to sit on his ass
or maybe he said abs maybe he said abs
and I heard ask I just
filthy minded like
you just finished weighing in oh shit
what you weigh in it I'm waiting at 192
let's go
oh yeah so what happens now so now I'm
able to eat as much as I can but be
smart about it so don't eat foods that
have R in fat here but I still can but
try to avoid it so wanting our food
there are high in carbs they have a lot
of sugar a lot of sodium and that's
right I'm gonna eat all that and I'm
gonna get my weight back and I'ma be
cero why the Pedialyte right now though
why can't you eat a doughnut right away
just before the fact that I've been like
basically starving myself I have no like
nutrients and all electric light so I
wanted like put that in my body first so
my buddy alright you know feed off of
that and then start eating a lot of
vomit or diarrhea
so all that that's a
I know to overweight tess's this time
not today fight so everyone made weight
which is amazing and everyone it's me
we're gonna go we're gonna go in it go
crazy and now this is where all the
defenders needs to carve up and sodium
up so that their muscles are full and
they're big and they can just sleep let
me and Phil Patterson in thermtron so
that their belt it's tighter this may be
fun it's gonna be slow
oh my god
three
my god where'd this guy
holy shit he is fucking happy he didn't
hate for sure
he said at this point anything's good
like that oh my god yeah with the whole
thing in your mouth oh my god
Kerra
what's wrong with you
and the money was a stream of water cool
this guy right here taking a piss
hey what's going on what are you doing
just checking and making sure the oils
and the gasoline yeah looks like it
the other call that's good disgusting is
your dick inside no the worst
yeah we're in traffic - yeah look at
that
was just like looking at him
that guy knows what he's doing
I'm done now
they're all over your sandals funny lick
it off later that's fucking nasty where
are these guys going where are you going
where they going they're gonna get a
bath today yeah you know stinky farts
whoa hey not so hard you like it fine
let's go hi babies
me love always wants to jump the gun
watch you're gonna try to jump in soon
lookie behind you look at behind you
that'd be so funny if you just went
forward and run your ass over there yeah
where are we right now
we are potential me oh no it is ours
regardless of anything that happens it's
ours
there's no way we can't get it yes I
know
look how beautiful these windows are
give us a tour give us into it go go go
yeah when it's filled but a quick tour
tour come over here please come in oh
you know we have a washer/dryer room
boom and this is really what rare and
downtown LA you get a lot of top bottom
washing dryer setups
because it's space but this place is a
little bit bigger so we got one side by
side come in got the AC motherfuck
control panel come on in
got a built-in desk you want to work
right here boom boom whatever you got to
do over here then you go come here
kitchen beautiful kitchen stove brother
talk that much this will be our probably
table cuz we're probably I need a table
so they get to go out there and one
really awesome thing about this place is
that they deliver grass for your puppies
left your patio so we can leave some
crafts out there and gone leave the door
open the puppies can go pee on it come
back
and we're still a mess after a week but
the most beautiful beautiful beautiful
things downtown you and we have the
corner space so we got all over here
look at that's the fucking Hollywood
sign over there you see that it's right
there you can see the numerous causing
right there and all that construction
and all that compute aful we have all
kinds of stuff that down here is le life
the real famous okiya theater so it's a
very very beautiful place what about our
rim if you keep coming with me this way
it's very quiet that's what I love about
it what floor comes in your carpet sound
completely different ceiling fan which
is great for ventilation and then I do
not know how to use this and I don't
want to break it so so we also have a
cool view over there let me see hold on
Wow look at how much downtown's
developing there's so much construction
everywhere so we have more buildings
there see the Hollywood sign still over
here we have the hotel fig fig Aurora
and it's a historic hotel that they're
rebuilding which look John does that
making you scared yeah no no that makes
me scared to come yeah so we're in the
plus 20 floors which is amazing which is
responsible for the beautiful views you
come in here we have a very nice
bathroom we have separate the only thing
I'm like oh wow is there's only one
thing I need to we would like to have
Tuesday
in this specific floorplan it was either
something on a lower floor with two
sinks and smaller or something bigger
but more like and someone like and the
main goal like I told you guys before on
the other vlogs is I'm really trying to
get that city feeling I wanted to feel
like wanted like like Anne Hathaway
moving into a big city working for a big
city fashion magazine and me this little
a hammer girl gets them experience the
city for the first time so that's kind
of like the feeling that I wanted so to
get this feeling you have to get big
windows high floor so this is what we're
getting and now we have a bathtub
separate bath tub which is actually
pretty big big enough to fit master bath
geo yep and also shower separate shower
go to our date day at the same time nice
walk-in closet yeah and then we got in
the deans room oh yeah watch that feels
already napping I don't know he's
probably laying in the most comfortable
position possible
it's probably jacking off just to
christen it I am you it yes you oh my
god do we don't even need to go upstairs
to the jacuzzi this is a big bathtub
yeah I'm used to like you know when
you're in the bathtub oh yeah you're
gonna shower oh you just need a the last
we checked out you look so small lots
let you check them I already had a
shower go back no this is huge
not a big closet - yeah so you're not
gonna use ëtil you better fucking music
this is his face he gets this view
he's got the patio view to see the view
of the Staples Center
would you believe here at night the
entire daily life is like around lights
I'm gonna fall beautiful how'd you get
this table view from the highway do you
see at night - yeah too much traffic
you see it yeah a veteran it's really
clear then since we can see the
Hollywood sign here
we might even be able to see the ocean
on some days when there's not that much
of a DC Long Beach small I know that
Hill right there is probably like TV or
signal so we look past that area I see
the ocean this is so cool yay Congrats
Congrats thank you there's gonna be fun
it's gonna be fun so right now we're
just waiting to get a measuring tape
from what is he called with the property
manager
so the lessee needs a corresponding
person or freeing in our measuring tape
so that we can start measuring thing at
things out no pillows
what are you testing so right now I'm
trying to test to see if I can hear dogs
barking so we don't want to disturb our
neighbors so we're trying to figure out
if we need to fence this part of it
because sometimes our dogs they're very
responsible guard dogs so if they hear
people walking by they may bark and I
don't want to disturb our neighbors so
if I can hear the bark to give me well
fence it also will not make them not be
able to come past here
okay what's the test though I'm not
listening at the embarkment is its
native language for sure yeah again for
sure it sounded like it swallow away
yeah sure what is just going from your
name I'm at IKEA with the Nader's here
he has zero furniture in his room that
thing I have a mattress he has a
mattress so that's that counts as
furniture so yeah you're right he does
have some furniture but I'm gonna get a
couple items myself and he's gonna get
everything so when you're trying to make
some movies make the mancave come to
life whatever that means
that's a bench great so just a little
recap for you guys and the Dean found
his bedroom
his drawer like his George was clothing
um he got my gosh you got a nightstand
oh the nightstand all this bullshit
which is lamp
yeah all the basics he got and then a
little for his like dirty laundry some
sorts for underneath the bed he got
colder because all he wanted this whole
time all he wanted was just great great
everything and he pretty much brought
like 90% of gray and I'm like no in your
bathroom you're getting something kind
of cool so that little touch of color
right there that little blue those all
me baby all Mickey all right now we're
gonna pick the big items cuz that's just
how IKEA does it if you don't have I can
your country you pick everything
yourself and then you got to go pick out
all of this stuff that you you got and
they tell you certain aisles and bin
numbers and then you get it and you put
it on this contraption and they don't
give you a bed which is cool because
they're trying to be environmentally
friendly and whatnot but I'm American
and fucking I feel like it's a household
but whatever I got to change that
I don't know all right anymore we're
going to pick up what where's it at 12
and 7 all right pick up the dogs at my
club you know what he's gonna pick up
the dogs in like oh he just texted you
okay cuz our dogs are getting groomed
right now and Bart didn't want to come
because he has a meet tomorrow and he's
like I want to preserve my muscles so I
get it all right it's on the theme right
here got all his boo shit you happy sooo
badly because I feel like this is the
first time you've ever had a room back
home but I when I moved here I first
couldn't afford it and it's got super
lazy because I've never seen your room
I've lived with you for a whole year and
I've never seen your room once it was
just a pet name of the bed friends on
the 4th it was a bad mattress but now
I'm in this in this box he's got a so
right here right here these two I
remember these two right here are his
nightstands and then I remember for a
fact that this is his bed and then I
remember for a fact that this is what
goes underneath to hold the mattress
right here do you believe me they
remembered everything
no how's it
but there's like five more boxes not at
all not at all but I actually didn't
find jack shit other than the storage
right here that's all I got so
everything's fine
so everything's the demons but I'm happy
I'm happy that I was able to help you if
I would have came here not much shit
the quarry would have been all gray and
black and depressing but I saved this
room with this guy right here what that
little blue right there and I said
something oh hi oh cool
well yes okay then I got the shotgun and
also yeah oh yeah that was only too old
uh here
that was all me right there look at that
all the ladies hit him up he's got an
ice cream now but I don't care I want to
count the feet right it's very nice but
all of that waiting you get super tired
so then what I like to move into are all
like the themed ones I call with the
stories with the story so more of like
the younger kid ones like the
Pinocchio's and the and what is it Snow
White Indiana Jones no not yet that's
the big one
