based I look kind of like a
all like busy and weird but okay here
all right what are you doing to your
hair
alright today it's so exciting because I
cut my hair
and I'm buying it like a minute
I know you've always kind of been really
attached to your long hair what brought
on this change I think it just felt like
I needed a different look like I just
get I got bored with my long hair cuz
I've had long Harrison's like high
school and I think the last time I had
shoulder length hair or the freshmen in
high school so I just it's been long
enough and I'm like I think it's time
for a change not only that but I feel
like I just have like a lot of hair and
I couldn't feel like my neck getting
tiger shut up I have too much hair and
it's like heavy hair too so I'm like
okay I need I need to leave my neck of
this like wait so then I and then plus
like I've been seeing a lot of girls
like right now it's like the trends I
think to have like shoulder length hair
kind of have it wavy and I love that
look like it just looks so cute
and like the person I really inspired me
to cut it is Megan batoon I think when I
see her and I see her hair I'm always
like I want to do that so finally I'm
just like I'm just gonna do it so did
you just wake up or it was like a slow
process you're like I should I should
not but then it was a slow one cuz I
even though I knew that I wanted it I
was still like shitting and I hate that
I don't want to be like that I just
wanted to be like you or you just like
fuck it let's just do it so that's
that's the approach empty even though it
was like a baby but with a not what were
than not reasons the non reason was
because so when I had shoulder length
hair before it would kind of curl up and
create like this fifties look like a mom
look yeah so that's the thing that I'm
scared of but actually I reminded myself
like
I have URI she's like a magician so I'm
like I trust her I trust like you know
however my Harold turned out to be good
because she has never failed me so
that's what maybe say like just do it
already just stop fucking around just do
it um do you know how you're gonna the
first all that you're gonna put it in
yeah I want to throw that megabits in
route it's going to be like the wave for
like short yeah and she also got it like
where it's like a little longer in the
front and shorter in the back so I want
to see they ought to play around with
things thrown oh shit
dan you're becoming hella fierce I
remember you were all like with glasses
dark hair bag your clothes now it's like
glasses are gone eyes are perfect super
white teeth
boobs are out I had to pat down I mean
you were gonna do that no good job I
feel like you you actually inspired me a
lot to be more fierce and just be more
like yeah you know when I first met you
that's when you started going going on
that road nuts yeah because then that's
when you shave the side of your head
that's where you got your tattoos right
like fuck it not like I love that it's
so cool you guys fine I'll charge you
later Alvin will you don't worry I'm
kidding no I'm excited this is dope like
this new you I know you're gonna like
you're gonna rock it
so I'm tripping thanks but mine on the
other end
I don't know we'll see how that turned
out I'm sure it's not good because it's
again like you said it's your so I'm
excited that you guys this is what we do
so that you guys can get quality vlogs
so right now what Tiffany is doing she's
getting what's called this b-roll
so she's not necessarily talking but
she's just giving you guys visuals of
what her days go on like but look at
what she has to cook through two
captions this commitment and this is all
for their channel it's a tip in case
well look at that I'm just telling them
how like the vlogs are made because you
look ridiculous right now so here let me
just give you a better idea of
everything so like look everything's you
know business as usual and then you have
Tiffany in the corner vlogging her life
away alright so I am done
unfortunately Tiffany wasn't done so we
can't reveal her hair just yet but I'm
sure that you guys will see it in future
vlogs but yeah so now I'm just gonna go
to work
drip in my meetings and turned out to be
so bad
yes
okay fuck I can't see it okay
I pop a bit a patina what are you up to
I'm shopping for for clothes we have a
ton of clothes it's not a it's actually
not shopping for me it's shopping for a
barbell brigade so we're really trying
to see where we want to take the brand
next year so one of the homework
assignments that we have is to shop
which is cool but it won't be for me
which sucks but I'm buying stuff that I
like it we're gonna put everything
together to see what the thing is that
we actually like and then we're gonna
see okay this is the direction we want
to take part over Kate so I'm just
looking on the websites looking at the
stuff that I like and doing it in a very
systematic manner you have really good
taste you know that yeah oh you think
you have anything a good taste I don't
know you just pick really cool things
and its really Kuni cause you try to
step out of your comfort zone and you
try to get things at like patterns or
colors that you wouldn't normally buy
yeah and I really like that about you
you can't explore yeah
cuz there's a lot of a lot of people out
there they're basic and they just want
to stay safe and they want to just stay
in an area where they're like okay this
is acceptable like this is the norm I
don't want to stand out too much I don't
want people to make fun of me so you
kind of were like that but now you
you're expanding your your style pellet
and everything like that about you I
think you first started doing it when
you got those really red Reeboks
remember those red Reeboks you guys
actually started doing a long time ago
but it's just there's a period in
college so I kind of feel like I what's
the word you were ahead of your time as
a kid yeah I was like super ahead of my
time you know like a lot of people they
start partying in college I started
partnering party I started partying when
I was 14 years old 15 raving
mad drug slaying it so I had money early
on and because of that like I was one of
the first guys to have over 10 pairs of
shoes and coming from not being rich you
know like when I was in high school I
was raised by my dad was a car dealer at
a casino and so I think he only made
like 20 grand a year or 30 grand a year
or something and he was raising me so we
came kind of poor actually living in
Armani but I had a lot of things because
I was laying his stuff so I was mad into
fashion didn't give a fuck about school
and I think after I got into Community
College and I was like dude I really got
to change my life around that's when I
threw all that fashion bullshit out the
door so by the time I met Gio either
like shit I was just wearing blank tees
all the time back now shorts goes to the
abyss tees go to the best cheese
basketball I'll even wear and that's all
what works I don't really care anymore
I'm like you know what right now I got
to really focus on school and you never
did your errand and I never really did
my hair but I was always ready to be
done because I cut my hair once a week
you had to so I think because of that
I've always had it in me but I just at
that time I was so focused on school
that I was like what's the point of
wearing nice clothes yeah if I'm a
fucking loser right and I think I was
even telling you before where was I
telling you I think I was on even back
then the reason why I didn't date that
much in college or at least early on at
college was because since I felt like I
was a loser any girl that would like me
and there were girls that like me I'm
like dude you're a fucking loser lover
so even though there'd be girls I want
to date me I'm like just the fact that
you like me means you have poor taste
because I'm fucking loser right now so I
don't even want to date you
it'd be a turn-off Wow what I'm lying
fuck
I was super focused yeah I was like
Clayton Bigsby you know like he divorced
his wife after he found out that he was
black and he was like because you're
unable ever if you guys haven't watched
plus it you should go watch it's really
funny and it's funny so that's kind of
where it was but then now because we
have all these companies and we have
more money now I get to express myself a
little bit better and now I get to do
things on a much bigger scale so instead
of just swagging out my closet I could
squad out the website and swag out the
world Dean don't you know that that's
one of the things I was saying was
telling the guy is that my goal is to
give people without a thought like
without style you know people are scared
all's I give people without style I want
to give them options and just make it
thoughtless for them like they go to our
website and it's like BAM everything's
fresh to death everything's fucking sick
yeah so then you don't have to think
about oh man what's gonna look good with
this or Tim I don't know how to dress
that up it's like don't worry about it
we got you we're gonna have those
outfits there for you you want to see
what I bought the other day or yesterday
to be exact yeah I like it so I just got
this yesterday to be exact and this is a
M&P shield and this is one of the
smallest full-functioning firearms you
can get there's this one another glock
one but being in california and they
have really stupid laws most people
can't even get the other one not that
it's any special it's just the way
legislation played out so it's not like
all that being can shoot 2,000 rounds
and blood it's literally the same shit
but it's just one company is willing to
pay for the California laws the other
one isn't
Wow then the roster we get to buy it so
the cool thing about this gun so first
of all always safety first it's clear
it's very small it's very thin and this
is a lot of law enforcement officers
backup weapon so you know how like in
the movies once they go
right now you know like oh look at that
good and if they fall backwards they
pull out of their socks this is the one
I've actually pulled out of their size
oh cool let's see it hold it
yeah damn talk small huh yeah it's
pretty cute well then it has if you like
it it's so tiny yeah it's very tiny it's
a cute a lot of people yes concealed
carry permits they actually like this
because it's so small so it's meant to
be concealed carrying damn this one's
nice so it's way bigger than the one you
got me that you should keep trying to
take away from me this is smaller than
the one I got you that's what I just
said is it way bigger
I didn't yes oh my then this is smaller
than this and smaller way smaller yeah
well made you want to get that just the
fact that it's just not so heavy and
bulky and it's easy to like shit's been
going down these days so I just want to
have one where I can put it somewhere
safe and then protect my loved ones oh
thank you that's me thank you papa
thank you okay I'll let you get back to
your shopping okay love you
okay all right that's what's about to
happen so me and Casey this is our first
and not really banyan or what kind of a
real movie but this has a lot of
sentimental value because it is the
first my feature-length being in what I
thought and it's my first count I think
I did that without knowing anything
about powerlifting and you knew nothing
about positive you amazing you nothing
we just kind of all went into it
together a lot of trial and error but
because there's so much mistakes but so
much heart it actually turned out very
charming because a lot of people I think
too analytical and they don't pursue
what their heart feels and we all kind
of did to make this happen so this video
has a lot of sentimental value to me
cool what do you have to say no I second
yeah what do you want there watching it
um from cuz I know you guys were working
on this for months and months and months
yeah and dissecting and getting super
analytical like Bart said yeah now you
guys took like what two year pause three
years three years three year pause um
looking back at this footage or when did
you guys look at it again like recently
right no no oh so you don't even know
what you're gonna feel drunk through the
ceiling to make sure when I was
exporting it like okay this is all the
stuff I mean yeah there's actually like
media pieces missing in it like they'll
see it when we play it like there's
actually missing things I'm like I don't
remember what was missing now yeah three
years later what did it make you feel
like we like it is not as bad as we
thought it was it made me think that
okay take to the city and this is
Derrick cameras for the whole day yeah I
still looking at it and they're looking
at I realized that we're really in over
our heads because we didn't understand
like movie structure to be honest I
think now we maybe we don't even know
what we're doing to this day but over
over or you know if we definitely know a
little bit more in for sure three years
ago we didn't know we were doing and we
were in over our heads and and maybe
even at that time I think we both felt
like I were carving it out and like
we're following the rules of how to make
a documentary I to the best of our
knowledge but there's something wrong
about it that or something off about the
content that like I don't know this is
something worth watching and we didn't
know if we had a story or not you know
and then then they get in hindsight now
I think we've realized this is just a
really glorified blog hmm no it's just
it's just following a guy doing
something but there's not a whole lot of
good I guess substance I mean there's
substance in terms of the relationship
that you're gonna psyche the
relationships are you seen on screen
yeah we're trans like a No there's no
like later scene yeah poetic flares and
stuff there's not there's not a lot and
so but going back to it now if we would
never come back to it I feel like and
the fact that Fargo has grown so much
and kind of like you know when this
existed and the time there's no such
thing as barbells yes exactly
Oh ideals gonna yours yeah nothing like
that this was my first colony me this is
his first feature film and I think
that's really where like the magic was
where we're both doing beings for our
first time that they just saw happen to
kind of
one side of the same event is so fun
does anyone else then we'll worry about
to watch what do we what are we about to
watch this vlog ever created no one else
knows no one else knows nope but you
know what it all right what about you B
truck heard about it oh shit I wasn't
mad the legend but now it's real
what about you Tony let's play let's
play I'll preface for this for everybody
so what we have here is this was made
starting in 2012 and randomly I wanted
to sign up for a pilot fee me because I
just kind of missed competing and you'll
hear this in the actual documentary and
I miss competing a blue tie and then I
was at all wonder how strong I am
compared to the rest of the people in
this world does when I train at 24 hour
like I trained really really hard like I
won't just go in there and just like you
bro stuff like I didn't bro a lot of
gross stuff but my mentality wasn't bro
my mentality was like how can I get
myself to crawl out of here every single
time I train and so I wanted to do a
pound lifting me and I just randomly
signed up for one and that we thought
it'd be cool for a comedian to do a
piloting meet and make a feature film
out of it it was a huge project they're
interviewing a fuck ton of people some
guy from Camp Pendleton we drove back
down there
my mom became this really really big
project that was way over our heads and
required too much time and requires like
a lot of people to be full-time on this
if they're doing it as a hobby you know
and then randomly these days because of
just seeing how everything is growing
and we've seen evident and Adeem like
being able to step up their their skills
and editing that I thought it'd be cool
to share like our first project pre
barbell brigaded this is kind of like
the catalyst that gave birth to what we
do and this is uh this is probably like
20% of 19 maybe that 15% of all the
footage we actually shot so you're not
going to see majority of the footage
this is all the stuff that we try
editing down and yeah that's it and
you'll clearly see how much or like that
I didn't know what the fuck I was doing
with powerlifting you'll clearly see
there we go so you just saw the
documentary where'd you think Tony just
gives Bart angio to talk Larry Jeremy
and idea especially she's like Cena shot
every time the camera comes up she's
even angle this way as fuck cetera and
she's talking like this which is
different cause she was like up in your
face JK party people with sub beautiful
people and then it was super fun to
watch Bart do like all these like super
bro and incorrect ways to lose weight
what was one of what's an example of
what he was doing Barr was trying to cut
like over 10 pounds or like 12 pounds in
like a day or like several days and he
was literally like killing himself in
order to make weight when I was his
first competition wall we all know now
like you should just compete as is and
so it was really funny to watch you know
Bart the super knowledgeable probably
renowned today
all this crazy dumb stuff in the past
and it was just really entertaining to
watch like him kill himself and be like
dude I gotta make wait I'm gonna make it
so it's dope
um did you ever think that Bart had this
side to him no well I mean I I
definitely feel like even in this video
like I feel like Bart has gone in like
so much more serious over the few years
and in this video like he's super like
light-hearted and always AG laughing and
stuff but now it's just like oh really
you think he changed a little bit yeah I
would I think now he has a bit more of a
serious tone when he speaks even as
jokes are kind of serious interesting
yeah what I feel the quiet opposite I
feel like he just doesn't have a filter
anymore but yeah I feel like he just has
way more fun now and he just fucking
pisses me off more maybe cuz you're
married to baby damn they're sleeping
like that yeah yeah yeah please do me a
favor
alright well I'm glad you enjoyed it
hopefully uh hopefully we'll share that
video with you guys sometime I think PC
said that it might come out like 2020 to
2030 the documentary might drop I mean
the date still tentative we're working
on it but hopefully I see it
we're gonna go grub now
yes stop gossiping real quick
I do I always wanted to be a less
I did so what are we doing right now
ready we're celebrating my it's not my
birthday but we're doing what are we uh
we're just hungry and with eating you
guys need to fuel up the weigh-ins is
that a thing do you feel love for a way
and what you don't feel upper where you
going here aware exactly who they're on
- well he's under way anyway whatever
bullshit were you saying
it wasn't bullshit it was existence back
these people are here because they love
me who are you why are you here right
now it's not for celebrating Ren's
existence that's for sure why are you
here right now
well a.m. the next day
I think this really deserves for you
guys to fight
it's not a real fight unless you take
off your glasses right
you're Leo you're a
oh snap he's a huge fan let's take a
picture look at that he's so nice
cool
what a nice guy look at that
hurry up
definitely your fanny-pack
and I'm hiding the size of my I don't
know bro are you asking so many
questions
where do you keep your guns hey hey push
it up push it up all right what's on
your where your gun
so that means you have done that I just
very sick
you slap on the gothcorp you like that
way you wanted to say or does that come
out on accident
our users we never know why would you
guys are what do you and we just said
you're lesbian Oh
attack me oh no do I would you go ahead
and like that
every like 20 child
hey girl what are they talking about
so were they talking about
oh yeah you would do them away
so they're talking about Bart
is there a plenty in common so now this
has pick up so this isn't rape he can't
just talk to you directly he's like
because this and then all of a sudden
his hands I get carpal they're full and
then he just starts talking like these
molds laughing and he's like yeah so
this is what I'm going to tell you but
this video is it's like busy flyers
it's ours when he was so skinny back
then there are so light switches
raising a blessing
but I don't care I want to come to the
big rice rice but all of that waiting
you get super tired so then what I like
to move into are all like the themed
ones like going with the stories know
what the story is more of like the
younger kid ones like Pinocchio's and
the and the was it Snow White Indiana
Jones no not yet that's the big one
