yes Michel what's going on today so
today we're gonna play a bunch of Kolya
party kids one is this thing called dear
Lord I don't know how to play exactly
but we're gonna watch a video and then
figure it out see I'm this is under
petajoules yeah that's right I just
straight up this to you okay what are
you gonna say about that
come on let's turn the camera around
this is what you're gonna say oh you are
recording okay hey Michael what's going
on today and then you would just you
just you were like a monkey new apply
you should have my face I'm like what it
big well we were having a really nice
conversation about your decor and I'm
like yeah it's gonna come together
slowly because you're a very busy man
and then let's uh let's let's let's uh
let's uh you know rewind this video back
to the video College its colleague on
the booty monster oh don't be touching
other people's booty wishes oh my hands
are right here they're on my cell phone
okay Kilauea coffee they're on my
keyboard they're not on myself or anyone
else good you could put them on yourself
just don't put them on anyone else
Michael is that what you're referring to
your so vengeful I didn't know you
worried like I didn't know you held
grudges for so long I thought I was
Bennett you're really bad you're really
better watch out No
I think it's time to play the games yeah
but let's do learn how to play this game
I'm never gonna put my back towards you
man your eyes are gonna grab my ass
we're gonna stab me in the back you're
evil
I'm gonna keep my hands to myself so I
can why were you gonna put him on your
man boobs huh Mike Lamonica move cuz
you're just I'm gonna dig my coffee
delicate and feast you why are you
bothering me I'm sure that you make
coffee in use you can't flip that you
said some weird shit man satanic shit
would be tears these are Terrell tarot
cards Oh tell me my fucking future well
yesterday what happened briefly I don't
know did it break no you know I've
actually dropped this laptop like really
hard before and this thing I think is
made for war one time super jerk is one
time I put it in this oh shit I know and
then I then I close this one so my mind
I closed the slot that the backpack was
in slid out and I went like this well
there's a one piece unibody aluminum
casing is and it's scratch resistant to
it looks really good
I don't think me watch our channel a
phone no case they need a phone that's
argument proof yeah you broke a phone
because of an argument I've broken like
all like whenever I used to work at the
hospital and I'd be driving home from
work and I've been talking to him on the
phone like trying to share my day for
some reason or like somehow we end up in
an argument every single night why are
you pissing him off when he's just
chillin why are you why are you getting
into this Cup why are you getting into
this car because she just broke Casey's
phone my old phone wouldn't do that one
move you broke it again this Apple Care
comfort mean girlfriends no no
all right so we just finished recording
for Jacob potty and look at how fucking
messy
this place looks right now look at that
well it's it's trashed for sure it did
not look this this bad look at that all
the time why did you think so much mess
why do you like picking on me on camera
you're usually pretty nice when you ever
I mean I think you're one of my favorite
people but then when the camera turns on
you love picking on I'm working so hard
right now and you're doing nothing no
morning to why this is why are you not
helping us clean up the mess that you
made okay how did I make it you were
playing the game I was never here I
didn't play I was moderating when I was
on camera exerting a lot of energy
because you're on camera you know your
contribution to the dirtiness do you
want a hug cuz you're no I do not want a
hug from you you're so mean right I do
not want to touch you Gio because I'm
gonna get afraid much more oh why you
always try to frame me what oh my god
why are you touching me why are you
touching me like that Michael Michael
the dirty motorcycles touching me yes
cuz he just touched me Julia
you did a great job today yeah yeah can
you try it yeah yeah just jump all them
just just make her feel uncomfortable
yeah
you know you it right now you look like
a punk rocker
you look like a punk rocker in a pit you
were just yeah you really get a bit yeah
you were you were moshing that was dope
that's exactly how you mosh you just put
your head down you just start like you
start wailing yeah wow I mean I got
caught up in a mosh pit before by never
was like involvement could have been a
monster you're gonna get pushed in there
where are you Oh true was it like in
Santa Monica getting Pokemon just no it
was actually Long Beach's actually a bar
I felt like the Ataris were playing and
feel like I was up in the front and
amarka start forming around me all the
coop the fuck is going on and I get
mushed your idols like oh my god yeah
that's all you would die girlfriend you
would really die I died in there though
I try to get out I punched the girl in
the face on accident and she started
instantly bleeding yeah it was the worst
shit ever I felt so bad oh yeah there
you go
let's go on like this ya know just
because I was swinging my arms the way
you were yeah cuz I would ne defend
myself and then she just when she came
in the opposite direction that the whole
thing was going dun dun actually no no
she did I didn't knock her out
I just hit her in the nose maybe it was
like the perfect spot to hit her and
then really bleeding
I did I I pull that was like oh my are
you so are you okay
who made me do it what most watchman's
I've seen they start off as a circle and
then people start just going in like
this and yeah push that's all I see yeah
how do people survive from that they
don't be all time they all die
population control what's on your is
that piece of shit yes
Isaac you don't cuss though right why
don't you cuss right and what does that
mean
why can't older people cuz it's their
life hey you look really cute today who
dressed you oh you changed your pants
you tricked me
oh wait what's going on is that you
gotta go pee oh no it's gonna go swim
now you know what at what I'm really
proud of those teeth let me see first
the teeth then the mustache Bend the
lice then the license is coming in then
the girlfriend are you ready for a
girlfriend all right no one no it's just
me and you and the girls you can talk to
the girls what happened do you like
someone just wink if you okay you don't
like them so weakly twice for yes
do you like them no did it like you but
you said you're ready for a girlfriend
ah so you don't want a girlfriend you
don't want him because why they smell oh
you're too young
Wow when when are you not too young Oh
Angie diesel Oh barely too old when
you're 16 you can have a girlfriend you
should sign that so that your mom you
and your mom don't argue when you get
when you're 15
you know anything we have video prod I
know so you guys could pull it so you
could pull up the vlog when you're 15
and you want a girlfriend cuz you said
15 but when you're 14 you're gonna pick
my girlfriend why don't you just want
one right now then okay so you're too
young which means it's gonna be
distraction or why oh you just you just
doesn't feel right okay
who's eliminating the boys he said he
doesn't want a girlfriend till he's 16
can I uh
Latinos never have that all boys yeah so
uh oh they never go do that like those
girls are awesome he's Rico suave what
did you go through all boys face like
only boys I want to hang out with boys I
mean I always liked girls but like like
the Hangout well your corner why I
wonder why no I mean like always like
girls suits almost little but then like
a fine but I'm cooler than hanging out
with the guys all right
why didn't you want a girl oh why didn't
you want any I was watching like little
rascals oh and you returned him to make
that I just thought it was cool to have
like an all-boys thing dude
I think the mentality of me and
electrics gang wizard it's like really
it's like embedded really early on a
kids age but we had girl like that would
like jump the fences with us and run
around the neighborhood and play like in
the dirt or whatever so you were still
not around you still couldn't play it
hang out with them because they're not a
boy they kind of slowed us down though I
think that's why it Oh boring ass girls
alright bye have fun swimming is that
you swim yeah go show me again keeping
me on boy let me know these updated same
every time Julia you notice that he's
exaggerated now what does that mean you
just use that you're like you're smiling
kissing is so exaggerated on like okay
you forgot what exaggerated means what
else is exaggerated here in this room so
Gio dipped out early but she
conveniently left her camera here so you
know what that means so what does it
mean Ryan it means that we're gonna vlog
with her camera while she's not here
that's what you get with this what
happened when you leave your stuff and
get out early and what kind of footage
are you gonna do that's extra
embarrassing know what footage he's
gonna do this
yeah you got you're the one who's got
the mr. casting couch I'm not mr.
casting couch director
right now there's no couches here so how
can I be the cast I think that's a black
couch that's not a casting couch
okay well the black no it's usually a
white one don't actually I don't know
that but don't ask me how I would know
that okay see ya Joe we're gonna do so
geo this is more what happens when you
forget your camera at the office okay
Michael is actually directing this whole
entire thing
I don't know what's going on Gio but you
should have never left her camera at the
office
no you must be the slap Brian no no
Julia wants to slap Ryan because that's
her personality okay
that's who she is sorry I'm not gonna do
it like Julia the cameras ready pan to
his face and we're ready for you why
don't you why don't you kind of come
around over here so that we can see it
better how about how about if I just
have you slap Ryan like a surprising
about around the back of your head like
like stings it like the very it's like
getting a rat tail in the face of us you
should have never left your camera at
the office girl I'm sorry girl you wish
it like this happen
y'all loopy after a full day at a party
Michael you should play in JK party more
often go home right now before you make
fun of you want any more things and so
that good name by Michael have a good
day okay
cannot believe that guy
but I don't care I want to have the big
rides there I spent all of that waiting
you get super tired so then what I like
to move into are all like the themed
ones like oh what the stories know what
the stories there's more of like the
younger kid ones like Pinocchio's and
then and the was it Snow White
Indiana Jones no not yet that's the big
one
