Mike what are you gonna do today goal
225 and though what are you really gonna
do I believe my good looks and charm
really wowed the crowd
what are you competing in and what are
you gonna do today we're at Capital
kilos Invitational I wasn't invited but
I showed up anyways and it's a deadlift
balling competition and I'm gonna try to
deadlift anywhere between six forty and
six sixty I thought you only could come
if you're Asian
so we're at an Asian rec center yeah I
don't even know what that is by the way
I don't either I know they have like
Asian basketball leagues here and it's
like under six foot and you have to be
like oh my god I think I try to get on a
team and I think you have to be like at
least an eighth Asian so I didn't make
it because the under six foot would have
been so fun I would be super good yeah
so I brought Barbara Brigade here so it
gives me the Asian street cred okay so
that's your way in
that's my way in all right good luck
today thanks buddy
what up guys I'm behind the warm-up area
for the deadlifts for the deadlift event
and I have to say Charlie and the rest
of the caffeine and kilos team you guys
did a great job putting on this event
I haven't even fully checked it out yet
but what I really like about this event
is that they've combined all kinds of
functional strength type of sports like
CrossFit weightlifting powerlifting and
put it together all in one place
because a lot of times what I see online
on YouTube and Instagram and stuff is
there seems like there's like this
divide you know like power lifters will
talk shit about weight lifters and then
weight lifters talk shit about
CrossFitters or CrossFitters talk shit
about whatever but when you get to the
top everyone's friends like the top
power lifters and the top weight lifters
and the top CrossFitters everyone in the
fitness industry everyone's trying to
become friends because there's so much
that everyone can learn from each other
like even recently a lot of American
weight lifters are learning tips from
bodybuilders to bring up the hypertrophy
bring up lacking muscle groups and
that's something that a lot of like
Chinese and Russian weightlifting has
been doing for a long time so instead of
like separating ourselves I think
there's so much more benefit to
combining and picking each other's
brains and that's kind of like the model
that we've been trying to call many a
barber brigade where we have strongman
weightlifting powerlifting and
bodybuilding and I think that's how it
should be I don't even know why online
people are segregating everything that's
like all of us are in the pursuit of
strength everyone's trying to get better
everyone's gonna get stronger everyone's
trying to get fit but they're just
trying to do it in different ways so why
get mad at each other when they're doing
a different way let's learn from each
other like when I did the weightlifting
me it was so fun
I've never moved my hips that fast
before and because of that it's helped
me realize that
I'm deadlifting I should incorporate
fast tips and activating my glutes just
as much so there's so many things that
can be learned like from a big skill and
a little skill to see an event like this
put all of this together where you're a
competitor for one event but you get to
see the competitors of other events and
there's some top-level people I think
the weightlifting portion here everyone
is invite only sold some of the top
weight lifters in this country are gonna
be here and they get to see some power
lifters that sign up and they get to see
the CrossFitters outside so this is
gonna be a really really cool event and
hopefully I get to meet some really cool
people I've met a lot of fans already
and that was awesome because it's
because of this year it's been really
hard for me Joe Gio to kind of get out
of state and and do shows and meet you
guys but to be able to at least come
here and meet a lot of people from
NorCal which I don't really go to much
that was really awesome to meet all of
you guys so and I saw a lot of people
wearing barbell stuff competing so
that's just really motivating to see
that they're inspired by barbell brigade
to want to come out here and compete and
do some awesome thing so I'm just glad
that I'm able to not just meet you guys
but also support you guys as well hey
Mike what's up like so you're doing that
deadlift competition today yeah what's
your best all time poll best poll ever
is kind of embarrassing because that's
power lifters we like to do our best it
meets yeah hold 675 and a power ranger
out there for you Instagram YouTube why
is that embarrassed that's almost seven
hundred pounds yeah but my wrestling
competition only 650 for someone barely
over 200 that's really good it was a
it's not the biggest deal but it is a
little bit was in a full meet which is a
little bit more difficult
I'd like to get close to 650 today but
walk to see cuz a lot of my followers
they think I pull a lot but I don't
think I pull very much compared to like
people like you and like you yeah so for
you how long did it take for you to get
to pulling 675 I'll probably been
deadlifting
no myth like no weeks off gamble right
for like eight years eight years maybe
six years yeah so still you eight years
to get to 65
yeah let alone like before that for
another ten years I was doing chin-ups
and like other back work that obviously
helped but yeah straight did lift II
probably well so it takes a long time
they get up there yeah I think I've only
been down there for maybe like four
years yeah yes I got a deal a bit more
for more so when you're palling like
when you when you're approaching these
weights that are like let's say through
each plate does your mentality change
like it's one plate like okay this is a
fucking joke but I have to anyways just
to warm it up walk you through each
plate and how the mentality that you
have that's a little bit human nature I
think right because you see like one
place 135 I pulled over 600 bunch of
times so you see it like oh whatever
yeah that's when you get easier and
that's when you like a good time to
practice so I like to see any plate and
even though my body's told me like ah
who gives a fuck just go do it yeah I
like to treat it like it's heavy and try
to treat it perfectly yeah I'm although
that is difficult but there is a more
seriousness as the pace that we're at
like four plates right now four and a
quarter five plates whatever I'll
probably put my headphones on stop
talking you guys as it gets heavy cuz
four plates is kind of like the area
where you can't really fuck around you
can really get injured if you mess
around it's not light you know like yes
it's fairly easy for me now but it's not
like yeah
and when do you slap the belt on well
for me uh depend on day but today I put
it out for plates so I guess that's you
know sixty percent maybe yeah something
like that but I think you can't put it
on too soon I also know you're coming
off a back injury is it affecting your
pool today
not yet it was a little tight this week
but mostly just eventually again like
it's such a mental game because I'm
thinking about it yeah I'm hopefully my
back and keep up about thinking good so
instead of being able to pull with like
a hundred percent confidence I think a
little bit you probably overthink the
situation a little bit just like
anything are you in a car crash and then
like all you're thinking about the red
light a little bit more are you gonna
change our game plan because you've
injured your back recently but no the
good plan was always today yeah close to
anywhere in the mid 600 well may change
my game
so if they don't hassle with your
stomach was it from the barbecue last
night no it was hard in the day before
that's it what if you're hitting like a
man Oh pause good luck today Mike thanks
buddy
what's your first second and what's your
for the second attempt and then the
range on your third or I go up 585 I
think to opener and then I left it's
about 620 yeah and then well yeah see
632 663 nice
yeah there's people in there for sure
weightlifting can you say knocking on
yeah knock see if they open this door
this wall
hallo did you see the kids that were
away lifting yeah so I was watching the
kids Lille it's like god damn like I
wish that I could have started something
like that when I was really young I mean
I don't I know some of it was like 135
ish but that's still pretty impressive
for a little kid like I can't even
really do 135 is a lot for a kid yeah
these kids are literally like maybe
right below my large chest right here
maybe a little shorter but it looks so
easy doesn't even look like they're
struggling yeah I saw some older women
actually weightlifting as well and it
was really cool to see all ages it's not
even just like you know young adults or
little kids but older people getting
into it and that's the bet that's the
best thing about these sports you know
it's like I think people have a
misconception of like oh you could be
too young to do it you know I think that
anybody can do these for no honestly I
had a misconception like I came here and
I thought everyone's gonna be like
twenty thirty forty like a doll yeah and
then when I saw the kids like I
immediately rushed over there because it
was just so inspiring to see like little
5-10 year olds and they got into it
early and so I was talking to one of the
caffeine and kilo guys and I'm like damn
like how does because they don't
probably think everyone is an adult you
know and I feel like it's a little bit
more of a blue collared sport yeah and
so when I was talking to one of the
caffeine kilo guys I was like you know
how do these kids start early and then
they're like well they have football
programs you know they do power cleans
it's not yeah and then some of these
kids they fall in love with just the
Olympic lifting part of it and not even
football anymore and so there's these
two big organizations here and what they
do is they provide weightlifting camps
for kids in high school and junior high
and then so these kids they get into it
early and then when these kids are in
the program they have little brothers
and sisters that are like oh I want to
be cool like my older brother and sister
so they get in too early and there's
this one kid that they're telling me
about who like
I think he's in high school and he can
squat 600 high bar for 3 reps already
what and then but he's really Pro he's
really poor and these programs what they
do is I do this guy should be a
nationally ranked lifter so this guy
they paid for his airplane ticket to go
compete at Nationals and he's never even
left the city before so he's on the
plane having that experience for the
first time competing at Nationals and I
might do that is fucking awesome to
bring kids who otherwise wouldn't have
the ability or like the means to you
know travel to like a such a big event
there's companies out there that are
sponsoring these kids so that they can
really change their lives because if you
grow up poor but you're a genetic freak
sometimes it's just your finances is
gonna limit how far you can go but these
programs out there that are able to
support these kids that's what's really
inspiring especially because it sucks
that uh you know there's a lot of talent
out there I'm sure not with just with
weightlifting even like boxing for
example you know or yeah like a lot of
other sports where all these kids are
very talented and it's such that there's
not a lot of resources available for
them or there and sometimes they are but
the knowledge isn't there you know they
don't know how to reach out to them and
you know we're talking about little kids
you know these little kids don't really
know about how to get this information
sometimes and it really falls upon the
parents sometimes and it's not so much
that the kids to blame you know but the
parents don't even know either laughs
yeah I mean one thing that would be
really cool if there's like poor
programs that actually went out to look
for these kids or just like do free like
cats or something that are really cool
they might discover some really talented
kids you know yeah well that's super
awesome especially if it's somebody who
comes from a really poor background and
not not being able to have the Reese's
resources before but to be able to
participate now and really show
showcased like their strength and their
hard work you know yeah and I think it's
something that could be really good just
in general you know just for all the
ages
really young kids I think that most
people are really worried about kids
getting hurt ya know but proper
instructional form though with proper
instruction in form I think would be
really really really beneficial to these
kids especially from a lower-income
community yeah you know there's no in a
lower income is lower income communities
there obviously is gonna be tend to be a
lot more fast food there's not gonna be
really gyms available like weightlifting
or whatever so it sucks then it's like
that a lot of these people have to go
out of their way no resources available
but it is very inspiring me it makes you
appreciate like what you do have you
know you always have to realize that you
know sometimes we don't have it that bad
other people have it a lot harder than
us and I think it's very humbling it's
very inspiring especially they see
somebody at such a young age to be able
to overcome a huge obstacle because it
is a huge obstacle ya know to not be
able to travel and really showcase their
strength and to actually put all their
hard work to good use and to be
recognized I think that's awesome man
that sucks it's like because like these
kids are so talented so it sucks to like
like like be able to make it to the
Olympics but then well what's stopping
you is the plane ticket yeah you know or
the hotel fees yeah but you're ready to
compete at the national level because
they're saying that this kid he's
probably gonna be in the next like two
or three Olympics he's young right now
but he's incredibly strong he said he's
in high school really and he's squatting
600 for three that's ridiculous bull to
try to change it I know wait I don't
even know but for me I'm like man like
as one sparked up or gets a little bit
bigger I would love to start a program
for kids and help find kids like this
and help send them to like national
level you send me to go find them that'd
be tiles idea yeah I love that you know
I feel like if we can reach out to the
community we're gonna make a bigger
difference yeah
not just in our local community but
across the nation maybe we'll be able to
kind of bring those really unknown
athletes and expose them and hopefully
they can grow and you know these kids
get inspired to continue to work in
whatever conditions they have to because
that's just how it is for them you know
yeah and so hopefully we we can actually
reach out to them and maybe help them
out and we'll have some Barbara Brigade
Olympic athletes yeah I think these kids
need it the most if you grow up in the
hood and like you don't have any
resources you know like I think the only
thing keeping them from joining gangs
and drugs and stuff is because they have
a passion for something yeah so if we
could help nurture that then it prevents
them like because I feel like for me I
didn't really grow up in the hood but I
was surrounded by a lot of bad people
and because I didn't latch on to a
passion early on it was easy for me to
get into gangs you know and so like for
these kids if if these kids have a
passion we can help nurture it and they
could bring it back to their community
to play yo this kid he was just like one
of us and then I got the Olympics dude
we could all do it yeah and so and
that's the thing you know I kind of grew
up in the same I did grow up in the hood
I did grow up with a lot of like gangs
around me I I did I did have some
affiliation with some of these people
but it's not because like it's not
because I wanted to you know was more
like of a necessity yeah trying to take
care of yourself you know like you know
and sometimes it's not so much that
these kids like these kids are young you
know when I was young too growing up in
the hood like it was really hard for me
you know I just wanted to look for
protection and I want to look for
guidance and I wanted to look for people
who were recognizing without what I was
doing you know
and I think that if we really contribute
to trying to reach out to these young
kids it'll be a positive outlet for them
to not only events because I think that
the gym or any type of training is a
good way to to vent and it's just a
really positive outlet instead of like
tagging and stealing and bite yeah yeah
sometimes these kids don't know how to
relay their emotions or their feelings
you know and I think that a putting
effort that takes like physical effort
and mental focus is gonna be a good way
to kind of calm them down and really
collect themselves really inspire other
people
because sports is not about how much
money you make you know it's about your
talent yeah talent and if people see
that you're very talented then you can
over overcome it but sometimes like you
were saying you know the resources are
not there so hopefully we can really
help these kids and maybe reach out to
them yeah
that's the next mission we got it we're
gonna do it for sure 7:05 on the
platform Michael to hit his goal of six
sixty one today
now he's gonna go for his lifetime PR of
7:05
let's go
Oh
Oh
Oh fuckin bye
how does it feel I didn't do that 7:30
oh my god if I get smashed it oh my god
hey someone check those weights dude Hey
seven or fucking flies
I know you keep that how the strong
bikes oh my god that was incredible
they're so fucking inspiring
but I don't care when you have the big
ride it's very nice but all of that
waiting you get super tired so then what
I like to move into are all like the
themed ones like all of the stories know
what the story says more of like the
younger kid ones like the Pinocchio's
and the and what is it Snow White
Indiana Jones no not yet that's the big
one
