you know what's really awesome about Lu
and I was really funny no matter where
he goes he can make friends instantly so
Lu just sat down and now he made friends
with the elderly couple next to him and
he's teaching them about powerlifting
about this really strong guy at her gym
named Steve genteelly how he could pull
eight hundred pounds and now these guys
are really interested in Pilate being
with talking to him about the
powerlifting and weightlifting event
were going to with champion and kilos
Liu is a friend making magician that's
right he literally just sat down and
started telling that where it's going
when's the first time you met Lou and he
became friends with you first day he sat
his shift was over and he sat there for
another entire ships with me so he was
only supposed to work five hours yeah
for ten hours total just to talk with me
Lu
he's showing them Steve genteelly and
everyone else at the gym there's some
stuff hey Lou yeah I saw you making a
new friend he on the plane it's cool cuz
they were telling me about their YouTube
channel and so it just it just blows my
mind that like you know how big YouTube
is it's a big deal I mean it's a huge
age age difference obviously you know he
actually used to live where I used to
live a long time ago how that mark no no
so he used to live they still live on
Venice and Bagley Los Angeles and so he
went to the rival school of my school
was clover City he went yeah Hamilton
and we were just reminiscing about all
these places that we went to and all
this delicious food yeah and he was just
also telling me about how he had been
he's traveled to a lot of places around
the world like he's been to Russia he's
been to Tokyo he's been Australia he's
been to Alaska
he's been so many places and you know he
was watching me use my phone and he was
just really amazed about how fast I can
edit my pictures like they were there
yes me what kind of phone I have you
know like a regular person though yeah
isn't able to get like into an in-depth
conversation with strangers yeah well
how do you make friends so easily I
don't know
I mean I just I just I start with
something really basic that I feel like
people don't don't like to do is just
sing hi like Iowa I literally just said
hi hi to them and and they said hi to me
and then I so that's the first step
saying I owe the first thing what's the
second step how are you what's the
second step to making friends the way
this is just like you know making
somebody uncomfortable comfortable you
know and I think I think I can handle
and lead the conversation to where I can
learn about them I mean most people feel
comfortable talking about the things
that they like the things that they've
done what they're doing what they're
gonna do so how did you get from you
probably said hi he said hey and then
how did you get from that to him telling
you he has a youtube channel uh you know
we were just talking about traveling I
literally just one question turns into
another and and then it becomes sort of
like this ping-pong game of just back
and forth like you know and then if it
is something I know about or I've read
about then it I can talk about it you
know my going I learned about that you
know and it's just one question
literally feeds off of another question
and I've been able to meet so many
people like that everywhere we go like a
wiki ramen or girl amah everywhere we go
I always see you making a new friend so
that's amazing yeah it's fine I love
talking to people what's step number
three so first step number one say hi
step number two make it comfortable way
down that barrier then you have to start
breaking your own barriers and once
your own personal barriers you you kind
of start talking more about like how do
you break your own barrier you start
talking a little bit about your so you
break you tell them some intimate
information about yourself about places
that you've been to just personal
experiences and then they see that you
know like you're opening up exactly and
so once you do that like it just becomes
this like whole thing of like them
telling you but personal things and you
tell them personal things and like you
know and you just have to learn how to
listen to like you know cuz like their
mentality is different from mine yeah
but the only reason I know that is
because of how many different people
I've been able to talk to all my entire
life like there's different paces that
you got to talk to people you just gotta
learn how to gauge it you know so I
think the first thing you want to do is
just kind of sit back and see how the
conversation is going and then from
there you can you know either
take it up a notch and be a little
louder like I did we believe that with
then there'll older than yeah I'm not
gonna be like shouting just talking
chairs yeah I'm gonna be more respectful
so true I think it's also experience you
know like I think that that I put myself
in these situations and because of that
I've been able to to like get a lot of
experience talking to people of all ages
you know and like the more you do it the
better that you're getting
and I've been in a lot of positions but
I always have to talk to people I
genuinely enjoy it and yeah it makes a
little easier for myself
what I do have new friends what was the
intimate thing that you shared about
yourself ah the intimate thing I should
about myself was just like about my
relationship and we wanted to travel
with my girlfriend you know so that was
easy for me to figure out because they
were a couple I kind of saw her ring on
I kind of observed and I was just like
okay they've been together they're
putting a lot of clothes together yeah
they've been together for a while like
and so I told them that I told them out
places about what if she was like his
old senior citizen mistress was telling
me about how always a cheat on each
other all these girls at this one place
I don't even know you but she got things
that a little quiet bothered her but she
was cool she was cool they just shared
some things about your girlfriend yeah
my travel experiences and just like
luckily he was he's kind of from Culver
City yeah where he's just worried I kind
of grew up around that area too and so I
was able to kind of like talk about that
a little bit so it was awesome they're
my friends now they want to go to the
power lifting or the deadlift
competition give me the address yeah I
got you and then he also has a YouTube
channel so I followed him and he said
nobody has ever commented on his videos
that's awesome but it just blew my mind
you know like social media you know even
even that connected us a little bit
because I told him a little bit about us
and he was just really amazed and I kind
of just started the intimate another
intimate part I started talking about
was like car-lifting
I just started did he even know what
powerlifting was oh he had no idea
no idea of a hues she was really scared
she's now he's gonna compete now he
wants to compete he's thinking about
going to the gym changing lives awesome
dude thanks for teaching me how to make
friends we're ready to go
Oh your car has a recall oh okay
really softly cause I've been getting
some bloody and it was a lot really
easily I think it might be because I'm
sleeping with the a/c on and the a/c is
right off my head was drying out I was
like crazy but I'll believe I went to
the bathroom and I switched my nose
about eight times and it would just keep
bleeding all the way through like you
would see the blood start going down the
paper towel get to the Tiffin and drip
off it would be constantly and finally I
got this giant water I stuffed it in Ch
my nose it kind of hurts this thing's
like really really rough and then I came
out but in an hour
it was like you know a secret trick that
I do don't know what do you do and he
told me to roll up a paper towel really
tight and stick it in my upper lip but
you saw we just want to look like a
grandpa and he's bigger than its
supposed to cut off the circulation up
here that brings the blood to the top of
the nose so in the bathroom right now
- hopefully check up on it see if it
works
so it's to be a big new and um I took it
out let's see how my nose warning might
be a graphic it's not works so if you
guys are ever seen bleh those clogged
the nose and then plug your upper lip
goes up I think it worked because look
at this it's just only on one side
earlier the whole thing was drenched
like crazy like my nose was having a
straight up period let me do it Tessa
must stick up this paper towel back
inside just to see if it's still red
inside sorry I think you might know
about that check a little bit but
sometimes this red it's not bashing
blood is nothing it could just be the
mucus the clear mucus
pushing the blood out so let me get
another limit issue because it doesn't
feel it running we're just way better
early it was just running non-stop let
me see alright it's just I think it's
just a clear the clear mucus rinsing out
the blood then what I like to do when I
get bloody noses is snort some cold
water I feel like it cools it down cuz I
feel like it's just because my body is
so hot it's overheating that my baggage
trying to find the ways to pull itself
off
whether it's sway or releasing blood or
something like that
ladies and Chinese philosophy that I
have but now I'm just going to pull it
off with some water a story
I usually keep an order to call it clear
I'll do that
awesome I think they're not I don't
recommend any of you guys try this at
home because it feels like you're
drowning and it's gonna burn like crazy
the first time that I've used to it I
don't even know how I came across this
technique but it works pretty good it's
really cooled it down and it stops the
bleeding really fast like I try to say
they're not a bit work the upper lip
they actually work the lily law so now
I'm down at this time to start training
so what's going on right now so we
arrived to our Airbnb and I'm looking at
our email that's the itinerary to get
into the room yeah but we can't get in
the code that they've given us is not
letting us get in and the owners of the
Airbnb aren't picking up their phones
and then we read the instructions yeah
how many times did we try this called
like a thousand off all our point comes
damn it's okay you know this house to be
honest that's kind of scary it's called
the Harmony house
so usually in all the scary movies they
always try to like be over peaceful or
over or whatever but I could see like
like oh grandma and like a white lace
dress just pop up like right there like
I feel like there's like a grandma from
like the late 1800s that lives here and
haunts this place well I don't know what
I'll show you guys what it looks like so
this is the street this is the street
that it's facing and I'll show you guys
what the house looks like this is what
the house looks okay so it actually
looks scarier in person on cameras look
that's Carrie but here's a scary tree
it's scary this doesn't look that scary
on camera but it is scary it's the
Harmony house but maybe it does how you
figured out Lu
there's a new instruction tour is kind
of sticky all over the pusher 1/4
combination is I sometimes need to be
peed in a couple of times a bit sticky
do we got to break it down like we're
police
kick the door
damn maybe they're trying to save us
from one night of haunting the what we
break in because we don't want to lose
our money so we break in and we sleep in
there and we end up getting killed oh
that is how scary movies are huh
but we're yeah we always know that one
Mexican guy that's like not for we need
to get into this house no matter what
and then I'm like oh the Mexican dude
how you called it the Mexican guy that
gets into those no matter what holy shit
is what it's nice or is it scary is this
scary Lou why does furniture look so
scary do we gotta sleep together tonight
is scary you this mole that's cool of
you guys they won what is going what is
this oh there's an elephant whoa what is
that dude there's a kitchen a scary
kitchen whoa wait how come we don't just
turn the lights on oh there's a light
switch oh okay
is it normal now oh it looks much better
doesn't look as scary anymore you hear
that was it you
we parted he farted
did you lock the door so no scary people
come inside no let's go - how many rooms
do we have so okay she says she's gonna
be some good-ass wife or something and
help you move in yeah so I just came
here on our own of course we have a bed
here where's the light switch tada
does it turn oh cool oh this room
doesn't look scary
this room looks normal which one oh they
said one of the rooms that someone got
killed that's Madison she is it this one
hope not do you guys get scared from
Spain movies I have a great imagination
all colors and this one are scary whoa
all right cool guys have finally made it
it's 11:30 at night we're really tired
so I'm gonna rest up take a shower and
then get ready for the meet tomorrow I'm
not competing this time we're just there
to help sponsor and kind of provide
support for caffeine and kiddos who's
our friend and I haven't been able to
meet up with Charlie today cuz he was
busy at that venue setting everything up
cuz it's hella busy and I see I think
it's the biggest event of the year so I
don't want to bother him so good night
and I'll catch you guys tomorrow
but I don't care I want to have the
fried rice but all of that waiting you
get super tired so then what I like to
move into are all like the themed ones
like going with the stories well with
the story so more of like the younger
kid ones like Pinocchio's and the and
was it Snow White Indiana Jones no not
yet that's the big one
