hi mama bear potato I love everything
where are we going to you are we gonna
fizzle Mr bear Kai's we're gonna
celebrate our one year of marriage oh
you big Kimmy and I can't tell him Papa
I'm like uh Papa we don't have to gourd
is because I really love dinner but our
marriage is about us too and he's like
no I want to go too so we're here that's
how I know you're a big fucking baby why
you're a big fucking baby cuz you're a
fully grown as you can see your feet I'm
not I'm not yeah red did you see America
yeah like we're a fully grown five and
eleven five eleven married woman and you
still want to go to kids town is that
awesome I'm Luke I'm a young kid at
heart
yeah big fucking you would probably want
to go to Vegas and get turn and get
wasted and spend money like that no I
want to spend the money business this is
our bed for the baby I'm a big fucking
baby I'm a big fucking excited baby who
can't wait to put her fucking ears on it
a little chipmunk thing I can't wait for
people to be like where can it get that
little chipmunk little over the
shoulders a shawl type of thing I'm
gonna be like you know what you can get
it but you gotta fly to Tokyo Disney and
I'm so mean God ever fucking aggressive
you're not Disneyland material I'm not
sad if we long I don't need to work
there maybe once I'm like older I'll
definitely work there like once every
time I'm gonna work it isn't for real
right now I'm not ready I'm a little too
angry in the heart still well where we
trying to do now uh we are going to the
hotel that's Pompeii your book you
pulled it so I am excited because I've
only walked through there once and it
looks so sick it already looks like I'm
done in California just you know Disney
style yeah this is one thing that I'm
really really excited about so we really
get like an entire weekend off and this
weekend we have it entirely off because
we blocked it out in the calendar it's
our one-year anniversary and one thing I
wanted to do too is because I know Gio
hasn't been able to go to any of the
disneyland hotels neither have i but we
always walk by it we always go dan
that's so fucking cool never been in
there
but guess what we're gonna stay the
night at Disneyland at the grand
Disneyland California Disney California
Kali with soy Hotel and I'm really
excited I'm actually more about the
hotels I've been inside Disneyland but
I'm I'm more excited about the hotels
that have been in there before
alright when I was doing the research
right far I was doing a motherfucking
research on the motherfucking website
there's three major disneyland hotels
there's the OG one there's the Pacific
winner one says demo sucks ass and then
there's a grande California and that one
is the new news the bee's knees the
bottom one and I think even has five
swimming blood volume so it's a straight
up straight up resort so worse we're
celebrating our big baby honey bears
honeymoon
feel that already with Anniversary happy
anniversary and we're gonna go to the
Grand Californian Hotel so this is the
first time ever ever ever ever visit
Disneyland and stay the night because
cuz you know like all growing up all my
friends they do that like that's a
normal shit really I've never done a lot
of my friends they go Knott's Berry Farm
and they stayed a night or days let's do
the nighttime like I would tell my mom
mom why can't we Steven Meg and nobody
because there's some rich people shit
mother fucker
and I'm like well how come all my white
friends do it
some of them are even rich oh we are
here so I am the first time we have ever
been inside a Disneyland Resort Hotel
and guess what we are bringing you with
us
what in the world are all of those what
what are these mother would I just
scared I'm going to start my period am I
gonna be okay
how come every time we have like a
vacation or many of you oh my god always
on your period I don't know I think
mother nature is like fuck you you don't
deserve traveling yes you do my bear den
mom on mother nature
fuck mother nature thought mama bear is
there something wrong with your vagina
why why is your butt shot stop doing
them bad vagina there no on here no no
what has our names what rank you
oh really yeah what damn that's pretty
next level oh shit
that's really cool how do you like the
hotel so far mob there it's super cool I
like the thing I feel like I'm in a
whole another world like that's what
Disney kills it on is they make you feel
like you've just escaped reality even
the music and the hallways I was like
why did they get a special Orchestrator
orchestra composer that create this
orchestra music because it matches the
theme everything like the sense yeah the
smell every single sense that you have
your nose your hearing you feel your
eyeballs everything so this is called
the grand California Adventure I think
yes is that a cost grande California
hotel maybe and so everything is
supposed to be like old-school railroad
um themed back in the California like
frontiersman yeah the only thing that
they're missing are random like Chinamen
wallpaper because they help build the
railroads too but besides that it feels
very big very like Sequoia forest be
intense
if I would see a bear here I'd be like
okay this make sense I wouldn't be
surprised like water bear I'd be like oh
well there's two bears here
you and me either okay why are you
stalling I'm trying to get in there
you're the one that I see there's an
attendant talking to the people I think
that's your worst nightmare
why Weiser attended where holy shit
that's why that's the exact reason why I
don't do roller coasters because shit
happened to shit brakes this is a sign
babe do you know what I think happened
what do you the best bow what is it
happens is being monitor what everyone's
doing in their carts and I bet you
$1,000 those little shitty kids
we're speeding or throwing something
over because that's the only reason why
they would stop it really you don't
think it's like a technical error
something and the reason why because
they wouldn't just go to that car and
the reason why I know this is cuz I had
a shitty friend one time you did and
they just kept jumping up before the
drop yeah and they stopped it and kicked
them that off and then good but that's
what I know that's why old are they
and you we're in our twenties well how
can you behave that way but it is a
reflection of who I wanted back then but
yeah that's what happened damn those
fucking little kids
you said don't get scared because I know
you're afraid of roller coasters and I
want you to think this is a son I can't
get on any scary rides no you're getting
on rides
I'm man let's get a little fucking man
you are fucking man
you ready fucking man of rock you little
fucking shame yeah Chippendale put it on
you know you always look so cute in this
thing be big kinney mama bear potato Hut
it on that's it uh oh man I'm gonna be
the warmest person here at night got
tuck it down lower baby oh okay fine oh
you're a fucking big kid you know that
you can't wait more than five minutes
you're a fucking kid at Toys R Us
to the seat work at 4 o'clock who cares
we're fucking adults we take our time
that's what adults do how are you in
Vegas this is you in Vegas nah nope
because you know why cuz I know the
casino is 24/7 baby fine what are you
doing now you're going to make a makeup
now you're the one rushing me literally
dad look at that side boob yeah I pay
for this I'm gonna show it off we bout
to get freaky in this Disneyland Hotel
in two beds I'll see I hope they have
some Mickey Mouse condoms Oh fine we'll
just so I can make a baby that no
condoms we're gonna do raw dog raw
Mickey you're grossing me out let's go
raw Donald oh yeah oh good
mob repete no yes Papa potato what's
your favorite rides at Disneyland well
all of them are actually my favorite
rides but there's a strategy in an order
that I like to follow so when I first
jump into the into the theme park
literally jump in because I get so
freakin excited like um the strategies
get on all the big rides or the popular
rides first and that they know that
there's gonna be the long-ass lines and
I know I'm gonna be waiting but I don't
care I want to have a big ride stories
judgement all of that waiting you get
retired so then what I like to move into
are all like themed ones like going with
the stories know what the story is more
of like the younger kid ones like
Nokia's and their and uh was it Snow
White Indiana Jones no not yet that's
the big one oh really
yeah that's big but that has a story too
you want well they all have stories but
I'm talking about the little kid ones
where like you can sit down you can take
like a five-year-old on like Toy Story
yeah that's more tell point adventure
also my Disney Land Park The Buzz
Lightyear with a blaster one with the
other stuff like that the little ones I
like after I'm already kind of tired
with the one I'm supercharged I've been
here forever ever ever
is the trend that goes around all of the
theme park and it shows you like all of
the different lands and when I can't get
to the big ones I tend to give up on my
go to the small ones now but then when I
know that there's a show that I'm like
perfect there's a show let's go to the
big ones and there's usually no wait the
few times I've been to Disneyland my
actual protocol is I like doing the
railroad going around Disneyland first
point no because it's kind of like sex
where you don't just go right into
freaking poundage right what you do is
like you kiss a little bit on the lips a
little bit on the neck a little bit on
the nipples a little bit on the badge
what and then you let them know hey
you're like hey this is about to happen
yeah you're about to get a little bit
everything and then so when I go on the
railroad and I see all the lands
Tomorrowland frontier land I'm like woo
this is about to happen is kissing me on
the neck kissing me on the hand kissing
me all over the place I thought you get
out
I get excited and then I go into the
straight foundation well no for me it's
quite opposite like as soon as I car you
just want to go on a doggy style so your
your ride that that foreplay ride that
you're talking about yeah for me is as
soon as I park into the park and then
there's a tram yeah that tram that takes
you from the parking structure to the
theme park that and then the waiting you
don't even see any of the disneyland
that's where you're wrong you know as
soon as you step on Disneyland grounds
you start seeing Disney stuff everywhere
everywhere you can't tell me I guess it
is you guys but you don't get a little
bit of each land I don't need to I've
been here so many times my whole life I
already know what's about to go down and
I'm fine I'm gonna freaking but we have
sex then I give you foundation and then
I'll do the part true are you proud of
me I like going on rides now only Disney
rides I don't know about Six Flags or
Magic Mountain wishing I was really
proud of you I saw for like a couple
seconds you're like whoa and you like
put your hands up like about as soon as
I let go of my hand I smash into I split
all the way into you feel that happened
all this it's just you're newbie you
don't know how to like put your arms I'm
so good I don't mind I think you did a
great job
I bought it I'm like I see you
how's the Emma nursery so far it's cutie
there's no pressure there's like let's
do whatever the hell is going to
whatever time I want to think is it
romantic I love you
hiya papa so I wanted to get on Splash
Mountain and I was down we've been down
no liar but you use that it's a
60-minute wait as an excuse and then
your life but Vic mob are happy I'll get
on this scary ride which is Winnie the
Pooh yeah everyone new house everyone
knew how scary Winnie the Pooh is and
then ones like Splash Mountain Way the
Pooh they're like both as exciting with
the Splash Mountain it was sixty minutes
Winnie the Pooh is only 15 minutes it
makes way more sense this way for Winnie
the Pooh and if it's the same thing but
you want a good to Street you got on
Thunder Mountain you even let go of the
railing which was really cool why not
splash fun it's only one little drop one
but that job feels forever you feel
weightless for a long
what scares you about it you're just
like fallout how you have a bar holding
you down if I got squeezed with all my
mind so what do you mean no one thought
there's so many people on here nothing
happened
there's all these honey bees over there
yeah this was like the most baby stright
ever no once it was freaking scary how
many freaking passes were on it
fine fine I'm not gonna push you cuz I
said I wanted to make you a man today
but I guess today is not the day I want
on the last hour oh my gosh let me go on
it every time every time why the time so
I can take a picture every time be cuny
well garner for you what is it that goes
on in your head when you see a big ride
and what do you one
would you consider a big ride and to
what goes on your head that prevents you
from getting on it when it's like for me
it's a combination of speed and not
being in control and also drums drops
are really scary speed up I feel a
little bit better about my turns and
stuff like what's the one when it's all
dark inside space Space Mountain that
one's cool but when it's just like one
big drop and I'm not in control it
really scares me like I'm a quarter jump
off I go cliff-diving and jump off two
stories or three stories but when I'm in
a log that's not made by me it's made by
someone else I can't trust
like I didn't go to school tomorrow
Mahalo getting class so you trust
yourself and you injure yourself the
most oh no no no because the times I've
injured self I've injured myself that's
like one out of a hundred times the
other 99 times I'll see fine what is the
next ride you're trying to get on any
dance can make you happy for just Splash
Mountain Dew anybody I know usually with
this one already makes splash not to
feel boring so I don't know if you want
to get on fine what about for you what's
gonna be unborn anything anything's
great we could do this one there's
another one it's really crazy honors
calling it a cup or something down
without know that one is crazy I don't
wanna get on that I have a really bad
experience at that one one of the I was
looking at the scariest rides of
Disneyland and a Tatopoulos there's one
called um it's a small while I'm gone
for that one that one's cool but that's
one of the ones that I get on when I'm
tired because you get to sit for a long
time all right it's it's it's crazy if I
brings you to the left to the right and
then you're like whoa whoa whoa so that
one's scary to you it's good a lot of
you Bob you what about you I'm pretty
cool Tyler
I can't believe we even find any scary
ride at Disneyland through a lot of
scary rides it is man like the one we
just rode right now fine fine fine
all right big baby let's move on you
love this stuff I
Oh
your family
Oh
ending our day with a hot bath room
service and possibly if we can stay
awake some Disney movies how was an
anniversary Mama Bear was so relaxing so
cuny father and I didn't even even think
about I don't know about myself but I
didn't think I'm going on my phone it
was just hot bear mother bear time the
whole time um maybe just a lot of fun
there was no agenda no planning we were
just going with the flow completely
disconnected from anything of our
regular life and it was just really that
wasn't perfect about it was it didn't
get cold enough that night for me to
bust out this guy that's the only not
perfect I know I thought doesn't get
colder because the OC is usually a
little bit colder than LA but it didn't
get that cold what are we order mama all
right so we weren't even that hungry but
we got room service cuz when you were
gonna get nothing so here is some
chicken quesadillas with a surprise
whack on the side oh that is fresh
because it came in the and the in the
avocado peel peel wow that's dope and
then we have some corn chowder bright
heavy it's uh they called the chard
Nebraskan corn chowder with bacon that
means it's from Nebraska and I didn't
even know Nebraska was famous for
chowder and then yes wall horn cutting
true uh and then I just got a boy go I
wanted a boy go with the prios bun and
then I asked Bart Mike hey do we want to
go healthy or Danette and then he sent a
school a little bit healthy little bell
be okay so instead of fries let's get
some fresh fruit and that looks pretty
damn fresh I think I even like warned
him a bit I'm like are you sure because
oh no fresh at the end of the day
because it's really like 11 p.m.
not a lot fresh it's gonna be bite of
that that looks pretty damn fresh you
know all it takes for fresh fruit to be
fresh they just have to cut it
so if they order it if they order it
like if we order it and they just cut
the fruit on the spot technically it's
fresh and you know we ain't gonna end
the night all born and shit we bout to
get motherfucking turnt I don't know if
you guys heard of this shit
but the Sahni that new Italian vodka
look at that the whole bottle guess what
we drinking bottles up in this
motherfucker so we got two of them shit
they ain't no price tag to this love
hell naw all out shit about to get turn
let's put all our savings in this view
and then we got some Arnold Palmer's you
know what
half lemonade does to your body it fucks
you up get you fucking horny you promise
out a Kenny time with me I was beginning
this is a person ever I've ever left the
theme park so early it's only 9:00 no I
put in really 10 I never leave that out
I don't know how you guys stay out there
like my feet started hurting after for
five hours just standing there all day
maybe because I'm kind of heavy and I'm
flat-footed but exactly what that's
exactly why which is why I also took a
hot bath and I feel really good right
now
I know you should turn the camera and
show everyone that tell it that's
covering your wiener
God please tell hold on for dear life no
no oh no no oh my god oh really good
though to go in the hot tub and my feet
kind of hurt a little bit yeah and it's
like a combination of both the new
volume training I've been having with my
workouts plus standing all day so my
calves are kind of sore I feel kind of
achy but I just going in super hot water
it feels really good I feel really
relaxed now you know the hot tub is big
enough I think it's only made for like a
5k 350 Tom died half but it feels really
good we're gonna eat this meal split it
all up and hopefully catch some flicks
and go to sleep and get Turk a
motherfucking Dasani whoa yo Jimmy they
fight a lot we've been together for
about um six years now and the fights
aren't as bad as they used to be able to
course we fight so when we were first
dating
