right now we're in the middle of a jkf
meeting yes we're we're discussing some
serious shit and in the middle of this
series shit Jacob talked Joe stands up
and says hold on I gotta take a shit
real quick yeah yeah alright yeah he was
supposed to be there he's not there but
my question to you is why why do guys
feel like and it is this even a guy
thing
okay but why do you guys feel like they
have to share but they have to use the
restroom and give you detail of what
they're gonna do in there I think it's
just an innate responsibility that guys
have so guys are very responsible
creatures of duty full creatures and so
before they just bounce out on you and
leave you wondering where the fuck did
my man go am I gonna get raped who's
gonna protect me right now they like you
know this is what I'm gonna do
this is the generation that's gonna take
and if you do need access to me now
you'll know how you're prepared so when
Joe goes and goes takes a shit I know
he's not coming back in five seconds and
I know that if we if we start discussing
something really deeply I'm not even
going to try to initiate that because we
need Joe in the conversation so it
prepares me for a lot of things that
lets me know okay I cross
take a quick break right now could
probably answer an email or two it
prepares you for a lot of things because
of how responsible Joe is if he was like
excuse me I may use the restroom that
means a lot of things do i what if he's
been Simon the couple hold on do we
still maintain the conversation
intensity we have okay
Snap is not my sandbox now might be nice
taking a piss or do we go wait a second
is he gonna take a shit there's just too
much love left up to interpretation
so I think the most responsible thing is
to let people know what you're going to
do Casey do you do that with tips you
say or do you do you do that in general
where you're like hey I'll be back I'm
going to be shitty cuz I've never heard
you do that I've never heard him say
that every time we're meeting like pasty
of like oh I'm gonna take a piss then I
go okay well I'm not gonna open another
tab on a screen because cases even come
back immediately or if he goes well I'm
gonna take a shit I'm gonna go let me
look at some off-road suspension real
quick but you let each other know why
don't you just say like I'm just gonna
use the restroom it's gonna take a
minute
you obviously know what connected this
concept to with my relationship said I
have to be that serous I feel like she's
gonna start making weird thoughts and
I'm like well she's gonna start thinking
with everybody from that if I'm leaving
room for weird thoughts I want to make
it accountable then on my end to be like
this is exactly what I'm doing I'm doing
well all the phases not holding me is
that you do weird shit that's gonna that
she's already used to that she's like oh
shoot is he doing that weird shit again
cuz not once has Bart ever been like
hammies of restroom and then if he takes
too long then I wear anyone else or
anyone else with that man
what you didn't want to tell you I'm
gonna take a shit and it's a little bit
longer than way you used to like are you
really taking a shit or no what are you
doing
I know you're not doing weird shit it
doesn't matter but we're guessing like
why why am I in the middle of my shit in
comfort do I have to ask what's your 20
questions know the reason why that
conversation happens what you just what
you just shared is because we are on a
time crunch
we don't yes yes yes yes we're on a time
crunch oh we need to go somewhere stop
it I'm gonna break your fuckin finger
s-stop it
oh you still hurt me listen what are you
doing in there no listen what listen are
you listening can I have my turn please
without your interview well okay
so when I do tell you that one I already
banned the phone when we're on a time
crunch I say hey you can't be on your
what you just didn't you wouldn't
interrupt that she was allowed of course
you didn't you guys use on a safety
because we're talking about during the
time it's free we came along no that's
bullshit you know why that's bullshit
cuz you always take day shits you don't
take nice shits I took a nice shit last
night you did yes when what our total is
gonna take shit I'll let you know right
now we know you can actually record this
video and ask me a question but our
ability responsibility fine dude ability
fine but let me just finish my let me
just that's actually really nice of you
exactly nice of guys um but when I do
call you out on your on your stuff not
your shit cuz really literally time my
ship when I do call you all on you
taking a long time and like dude are you
really it's cuz literally third
minutes passed and I'm like I I know how
easily the distracted people can get on
there IG or on their phone for that
matter where they're not even pooping
anymore and they're just into their
phone so I'm like hey we're on a time
crunch give me your phone or don't take
your phone in the bathroom with you so
that you can finish faster waves I take
a shit and yeah sometimes fifteen
minutes go by nothing else comes out but
guess what after the fifteen minutes
fuck another pile of hot dogs come out
that's power I don't know why my shits
are like that so I know I have to take a
shit I'm gonna be chosen for at least
ten minutes but that lets my intestines
bowel movements move around and then
another pile of shit comes out if I cut
it prematurely then I just have to wipe
my butt an extra time which risks of
bloody butthole is now I'm just having
so much tissue abrasion on my bubble
which is unnecessary so I might as well
just sit there for the full 20 30
minutes at all this is cleaning the
bathroom well and what is he doing it's
better to be specific and clear and let
you know what exactly I'm gonna go to
the bathroom and brush my teeth and
you're like okay cool got it it's fine
that's great communication Irene has a
two-minute time run yes I agree
that's great communication thank you for
clarifying that it was this question was
just weighing me it was just weighing me
down and now it was good
lady walked up to the window she started
going that doesn't mean she can't be hot
she wasn't hot the gray gentleman with a
bucket
Oh in between meetings right now which
means dog poop time where this boy over
here took the most liquidus kind of
solid shit ever and what I love that
Bart's doing right now is what every dog
owner should do if they want to be able
to bring their dogs to public places one
of the thing that annoys me the most
about stuff like this is Oh prime
example right here look at that somebody
brought their dog here which is a
privilege that they have a dog Relief
Center in a compound or like in a
business center like this
and people feel so entitled that they're
like well they should have done it so
now look with Luke Luke Bart's gonna do
because it's a privilege and not a right
Bart doesn't want to lose his privilege
of being able to bring his dogs to work
and having a little doggy relief area
like this so he has to pick up the mess
of all the irresponsible dog owners out
there so if you own a dog and you
welcome in public places please please
please pick up after them or what's
gonna end up happening is they're just
gonna get rid of you being able to walk
your dog in sore places have you been to
certain areas where they're like no dogs
a lot and that's probably because an
irresponsible dog owners brought his dog
that dog pissed and shat everywhere and
it just left the mess and now no one can
have fun with their dogs because those
are responsible dog letters so do us all
furry furry baby lovers a huge favor and
please pick up after your dog well we
can't pick that up
you didn't leg good boy thank you very
much
what's that
oh right yeah he's probably marking his
territory
Isaac always loves coming with us and he
holds on to piggy I hold on to fajn and
of course of Bart I hold on to the big
meatloaf because it's the big bed and
the big son cause it would be weird if
you were walking
Rigi she's cute and all but that's the
problem she's cute because you know
what's gonna happen
me Love's gonna be walkin Isaac well no
because he's gonna pull you so hard
with these data be able to hold on hold
on cuz he's gonna drop you oh don't let
go of bringi come here Bri come here Bri
fine down here he finished grouping at
me he's still cool it still pulls but
doesn't pull as part of you I just hope
there's no little dogs around
yeah I taught him that I remember Isaac
well there goes meatloaf walking Isaac
the meal of a thief sir come here Isaac
oh oh you okay you okay actually go
around you know keep holding on
yeah make sure your hands it hurt him
really bad that's all come here me love
maybe you should just ride him Isaac
just get on top of him
I like how Meat Loaf's like half your
size but if he stands up on his hind
legs he's bigger than you good job Isaac
hold on wait wait wait wait here wait
wait here oh shoot can't I just don't
like when they because the neighbors
have their little dog kept make sure
that they don't have the little dog I
know but as soon as he pulls that's it
there's no little dog cuz it was
sunbathing earlier hi bye yay watch out
you know my favorite part about working
here is that you get to come over and
then then you guys get to be here to
excuse you
huh meatloaf you be cutie boy you want
me to pet you but we get fun I love this
desk because it doesn't matter what I'm
doing I can see where she is cuz it's a
glass top so it's fucking cool he's too
but it's kind of unfortunate sometimes
that it's a glass top because me both
will get up and he's not paying
attention and so he hits his head on the
corner of my desk here all the time like
all not this corner cuz I would say but
there's a corner and I kind of feel like
putting peanut butter on the underside
of the desk here
mmm mmm so I could just see him like you
know that just sounds really wrong but
it's just funny to see him like lick the
glass
but we just had our Barbara Katie
meeting and we finished it early so the
Sunstone because usually when we finish
the Sun has already sex will end like at
8:00 p.m. 8:30 but now everyone's still
hanging out and they're all watching the
Olympics right now look at him think
they're watching female swimming the
Olympics it's not working at all
not that he should because there's
nothing to work on oh hey good job
vlogging though I really liked it thank
you anytime homie
and another thing today is actually a
Nadine's birthday and my mom is the
sweetest person in the world remembered
that it's his birthday so she's on her
way here and as a surprise she's on our
way here to bring him a birthday cake I
thought I was so cute I love that my
mom's so ecstatic and excited and just
can't wait to just be of service to
people and treat people kindly and she
loves people so it's really cool for her
to have my friends be her friends so now
she's just kind of expanded her network
of people that she knows and now she
gets to like still be kind to more
people so it works for everybody because
she gets to be happy cuz she's being
kind to people and servicing people and
then she it's good for the receiver
because they're receiving nothing but
positivity loveness and sweetness from
this woman so it's a win-win so that's I
think that's something I really need to
learn more of is just my mom's like love
and nurturing and carrying and patience
and sweet and humble and damn she's like
the opposite of me
she's like completely the opposite of me
um but I have to be more like her my mom
is a very very sweet person when it
comes to other people I gotta learn you
got a channel my mama channel my inner
mama
there's Isaac watching TV
I mean I think he's watching it in
Spanish because TIFF wants them to learn
more Spanish why did you say who is that
there in the castle go in the castle
oh there's one over here
are you related to that guy he says he's
not related to you he says to leave him
alone please
just kidding he says he was scared of
you you're crazy what were you doing
are you learning Spanish no I thought
you were watching the video you are
learning Spanish
I don't even understand this boy anymore
alright you guys see you guys see those
balloons right there that's my mama my
sweet sweet mama look at her look at her
my beautiful sweet sweet mama look at
her here eyes so cute and she brought a
cake and what is this was this ice cream
and you brought ice cream
that's cute thought you wish you had a
mom like that I know I don't wish cuz I
have her
that's my mom look at that every single
year of my life my mom always made sure
to get me a birthday cake it didn't
matter if I didn't have an extravagant
party it didn't matter anything else in
the matter if she was busy or if we were
all busy at the end of my birthday so
even if it was like 11:59 and I got home
she always had a cake for me that's dope
and a prize look at she you even got him
a present
damn the beep you're so lucky what's in
there put it up no wait wait wow you're
so cute he that he hates food he loves
snacks yeah Oh we'll turn on the lights
are there
Nadeem my mom has a surprise for you
she got you a cake bag oh and ice cream
oh you're so special
did you see where she got you though
that's my favorite present ever look at
that yeah I know she could you put your
food
yeah yeah not to yours you got the mine
anymore thank you for coming mom and
then she got you a cake you better put
your balloons somewhere where people
could see them they're your balloons on
your on your keys look at that happy
birthday and you got ice cream my mom
got him all this stuff
Oh
all right
just wants to eat with us
happy birthday
happy birthday dear
let's do it okay thank you so much my
mom know yourself would you think you
and Kimmy
we don't really fight a lot we've been
together for about six years now and the
fights aren't as bad as they used to be
but of course we fight so when we were
first dating
