hey what up everyone today we're having
a special day because grandma's being
very very nice and she's watching a type
of press so we get to go on a little
date finally not some extravagant date
but we get a couple of hours to
ourselves so we're just walking around
the americana may be driven grab some
food do a little bit of shopping buy a
little bit of this buy a little bit of
that I'm down who's gonna do all the
buying you or me what do you want
cuz Martha does a lot of online shopping
and I haven't that any shop in a long
time so I might wanna buy something
hands are so sure you saw them and
likewise the bus okay wherever you want
that's all dates girl right / the girls
a thing yeah there's a graphic by the
guys something no god damn it
popper yeah
I want these can you buy these for me
yeah they look cheap as hell cuz they're
used yeah wait are those stains do they
come with it or it comes like this yeah
homes look you cum-stained like that no
I've kind of been on this trend just cuz
I don't like these new I got these new
shoes right but I hate the way that
are you serious I can tell you that I'm
up for you always watch this go camping
in them okay you said you would buy
these for me yeah how much are these
like freaking ten bucks five hundred and
fifteen dollars are you kidding me
let me see oh my god kind of brand this
these are shoes that like my mom by the
Chinese want me they look like mine my
how much are these like 700 oh my god
these look ridiculous well then I think
the price tag is I'm not here hold on
let me look at this one hello pretty
dope that 530 oh my god hoodies alright
kids if you want to pay five bucks
send me the ban skates I'll beat him up
for you little worm for like 10 years
I'll sell back to you for 500 bucks I
think that what it is is just reach me
with so many shoes but it takes them
forever to just wear one out so they're
like we want that vintage look let me
just buy already
all my mom's shoes look like this no see
don't hurt have like seven fuckin inches
absol yeah true so tell me I wanted to
get Tim's from the Tim blender
commercial what do you think so this is
a question of a husband asking wife
because I know myself and I'm like you
know what last time I went to Jeff's
birthday I didn't have anything nice to
wear maybe I should give it some clothes
that'll be nice to work I don't think I
could get something like this this is
stretch that's already not gonna in the
world I know where some boots that's not
really why that was a look so wearing
denim was appropriate this is like this
is just the average so if you want to up
your game you might want to get like
this is regular clothes yes yes doing
yes I showed us the new January I'll
freeze my bar don't forget by the way
really yeah but I have I have shorts and
sandals on I know it's very casually
super casual by user like you're gonna
go to the gym but you're saying kids
gathering which was a very nice fancy
restaurant so what I was thinking a good
thing on this right yeah and then I have
some like darker boots on I roll up the
bottom slightly cuffs you can see the
inside of the denim wear a Pendleton
flannel is that considered dress up no
that's considered having style now and
lunchtime yeah okay see you in a little
bit then so this is pretty dope we're at
the Cheesecake Factory right now and
bobbers on our diet and I'm supposed to
be two but they make it easy because we
got a stimulus menu I was looking at all
these and they just sounded crazy like
the chicken Bellagio basil pizza
parmesan cream sauce under the skinny
licious
they have a bunch of stuff that's 590
calories or less 590 let's salad look
they're less out alright okay thank you
and they have all kinds of stuff here
that's 590 calories or less even the
small plates or 90 see if you like their
mama what do you want to get here
because wow this is weird no it's weird
because I wanted the almond crusted
salmon salad okay this sounded good and
I don't ever want and then ever hear the
skinny vicious stuff and I'm like is
there a salad in there the things that
what made me go like this seller
I don't care if you're selling it but
design really
this is Paul sincere
where's that other people need to talk
with buddy got I got I got I got
now
I'll be trusted yeah probably with that
what are you thinking about
we are you going to see the shoes
they're cut or not I've already looked
at the magnet completely I know what I
want
there's no menus it on first give me
this so I got your back okay I don't
know how they're gonna do this but they
have chicken pot pie I don't know how
they're gonna do that but I'm gonna get
it did you also see the lemon garlic
shrimp with angel hair pasta
I think we spend my best bet she's been
in a burger do you think it's still
skinny licious if I get too skinny
licious items who the chicken Popeye
this is double scale issues
what if you miss the bread just be one
slice of it you look beautiful on this
camera right up
I'm serious about that bread I'm turning
the camera Cyrus the matter face
so I can make it two things we died in
my stomach trick if I always think with
my stomach when I'm hungry but when I'm
really hungry my stomach always shrunken
sinking drink chunk toys shrunk get
poetry shake it Thank You Shirley pretty
damn it yeah
so I'll be one of the two I am very
impressed so when I started thinking
about the Skinner delicious chicken pot
pie I thought I was gonna be really
small it's also how he's gonna make all
those calories bit under 590 and this is
pretty big and it looks hearty and on a
cold day like this I feel like it's
gonna warm my soul mafra got a hamburger
ballots really juicy yeah I told them
all the meal the oh no nails the really
good stuff
yeah
but even what the male is gonna be under
590 I know but I really want to keep my
Jacksonville as possible so they can
fuck you go man I'm later you arse
discipline is my first this my first you
know why would I want to go ham on the
first one that's true
so my mean something like things to eat
in this world that bun looks delish it's
super crispy and fluffy appointment
it smells bombs here
no I just seems like it's missing time
all right
I'm not gonna say I know everything
about fashion but what's the difference
between this jacket oh no an emergency
blanket well it looks like this this
thing looks like tinfoil for reals
honestly I tell you a secret without
making her head humungous we're closing
yeah but that doesn't look like an
emergency blanket tell me because first
my saddle that looks ugliest but but
then once you said you got you all wear
it and I imagine it on you other
actually looks pretty good
and I think and what I was going to say
is I think you could make a lot of stuff
looked at actually matches me away yeah
I have a tiger know they have the eye of
the tiger I just like these in high
school I never had these this is part of
your raver days no no I don't even know
what to say about the I like the way it
hips pounds that's all I have to say you
would wear that shit no I never wore
those pants is this really is it are
they serious with this is this a joke
are people really people really wear
that stuff this is crazy
feel like a grandpa back at David Yurman
again because since I've lost weight my
ring just flies right off the other day
I was watching the dishes and if the
right off but good thing the strainer
was there so didn't fall all the way
down the pipes so I'm trying to see what
options do I have if I can add another
like little spacer thing to size it up
or see what other things they can do
because it's kind of dangerous and
they're pretty expensive ring and I
don't want to lose it down the drain
Barbara's just shopping around right now
how come you put your hands up like that
do you see anything that you like
anything that you want Papa buy for your
no no this is why we can't take Bart
anywhere what happen so I was seeing
what size I am and I put this in and not
stuck
no anywhere what do you mean I think I
didn't put it somewhere inappropriate
yes well we are you said j.crew you're
right back in here it's trying on the
creep on him right now he's trying on
his dress-up pens we get those cuny
pancake feet you can doesn't want to
show it to me watch Irene you know this
guy you're looking at his but you could
tell we're gonna look at him forget him
I'm just bending over to see if he gets
his booklet
oh he's folding him up look at him he's
picturing himself in them at the beach
look at her he's squatting oh no he
didn't like him cuffed he's gonna come
out now what the hell going on I don't
even think girls take that long in the
dressing room oh look at him polite guy
oh look at this but but it's too big you
would have to wear bail for sure let's
go with like two maybe or three I don't
know we'll probably feel completely
different it might fit completely
different even colors fit different yeah
if you like them do you have this color
I feel like you do I'm John another
simpler I don't know I have a lot of the
same looking things see asking the wrong
person
it's just my guest picture how you're
gonna hook it up back home now first
things first gotta see you mr. Tiger mr.
happy did you miss your mama give it
grandma hard time you miss your mama yes
no go beat you up so we're about to heat
up some of the Korean food we made from
the other day
so that grandma can try it we got the
dumplings ma bear's gonna make the
pancake mix Korean pancake and we got
ground beef so I'm just gonna free I
mean a ground pork so I'm just gonna
freestyle some of this all right get
some mud this guy put ice on my this guy
and I'll just season with salt and
pepper I may be said
to taste and we might even have some
scallions leftover throw those guys in
there or maybe I'll even cook with these
guys put some put some tofu in there
that's what I like about cooking's and
stuff a little bit of freestyle little
bit of me style or a me style like oh hi
kisses so violent all right do it I just
finished my dish it was super fast
I just stir-fried the ground pork with
some kimchi forgot to slice it up throw
some sesame oil garlic salt pepper and
uh some of that Korean like chili powder
in there the maghreb did it the right
way she chopped it all it's all gone but
she it's all in there is that the oyster
pancake mix yeah yeah little by little
like I have to measure everything out
right now just cuz I don't know what one
cup of this looks like versus like one
tablespoon of that so I have to measure
it out and I'm kind of just gauging like
oh this is 2 tablespoons so pretty much
I like later I won't have to like
measure stuff I his eyeball doing a
great job
and all that quickly clackety you heard
was meatloaf while mama is talking
meatloaf keeps walking around in a
circle like a freakin a little shark
evil Oh freakin lamb-lamb fur shark good
boy all right so we are finished and
we're having a Korean Thanksgiving feast
even though it's not Thanksgiving but
Wow I made kimchi pancake even though it
will seafood I don't want to see you
food I mean kimchi kimchi fried rice
which is my cousin fellow or reheated
reheated reckoning fellow
Oh reheated well I actually brought
these but these are pork monza that I
made yesterday
yep and ready to roll just punch on
Johnny and we got tyka on the ones and
twos okay let's do it we just cleaned
everything up everything is gone off the
table yeah you while you were upstairs
taking care of this little man me and
your mom cleaned up some parts I know
and I helped her too and I came out from
taking a shit and so we cleaned it is
the weed but then your mom demo so yeah
cuz I'll try come on
yeah I was cutting up those pears while
there is some comb fluid on the side
against the reflection of that yeah do I
look like I know I'm doing to me you do
you look like like I'm just like there's
no difference between you and jellies
hey how are you smoking before Tony is
the numbers show when I go practice it
so what I'm trying to do is you not only
dancers one of my fears is dancers they
get so good at dancing because they're
just caught later
we've never walk dancers their dislike
it could be out like fuck at Home Depot
no where do I get the paint
there's constantly dancing saw that what
I got to do this is any time I have this
not going for stance and just practice
these practice the movements
jelly but what I'm trying to do is add
some of that Bruce Lee not American
Jackie Lee America / Bobby Lea this is
this is Asian is the Quan American it's
that Quan Li like Bruce Lee you're
losing your audience and then there's
the white we have the monitor next to us
it's the white noise maker both ways oh
you brought them love dammit
okay keep the camera
