hey guys so last week Bart did a Q&A
video where you guys submitted your
questions via Instagram and he answered
them so this week it's my turn so I
asked you guys to submit your questions
via Instagram and these were them so I
asked you guys to submit your questions
via Instagram and these were the
questions that were randomly selected
for me so this is the first time I've
ever seen these questions okay question
number one submitted by you lead jpg
Cooling best advice for interracial
couples to overcome the cultural
barriers when meeting the family my
boyfriend has been in use and I'm CUBAN
um I think the biggest thing that I
think just even before meeting their
family you should really try to
understand what their culture is and
respect it coz who knows like maybe
their culture is into like getting down
with clowns and they like worship clowns
you can't just be like yo that's fucking
weird like change that shit like why are
you into clowns like no you have to be
respectful you have to be open-minded
and you have to understand the history
behind the culture and you have to
respect it um and respect it and respect
it and I keeps me respecting a lot but I
can't I can't like emphasize and stress
that enough you have to be open-minded
and you have to be willing to adapt it
so I know when I first started dating
Bart
he's Chinese I'm Mexican luckily for me
the I guess the cultural differences
weren't too many so I was lucky that I
grew up amongst a lot of different types
of Asians so I was already kind of used
to all the traditions and all the
customs and similar to Chinese Mexicans
also have like a hierarchy it's like if
someone's above you in the workplace and
you treat them and you talk to them
completely different than you would talk
to appear or someone that's like beneath
you same thing happens in the family
structure like if someone's older than
you then you talk to them with with a
lot more respect so
it wasn't too hard but again my advice
to you would be be very open-minded be
very classy be very spectral and if all
else fails honestly a fireproof way to
like to to have the parents love you is
one get in good with the mom if you're a
female too if you're a male get in
really good with the dad and the way to
do that is whatever they tell you you
just keep your mouth shut and say yes
that's it and you can't go wrong
good luck next question was submitted by
pause pause the pivot okay I think it's
positivity but it's spelled very
uniquely it says what's your biggest pet
peeve or what do you hate about Bart I
know I talk a lot of shit about Bart
and a lot of the on-camera things that
you guys see is us bickering back and
forth and just like clowning on each
other or putting each other on blast but
honestly there aren't too many pet
peeves that I have about bar I just like
picking on it because his reaction is so
fucking cute and like just stressing
them out is so fun I know it's so fucked
up but I can't help it but I know for
the sake of answering this question I'm
gonna say one of my biggest pet peeves
or something that I hate about Bart are
his farts like his farts fucking suck
like it smells like he ate like a year
old like I don't know garbage can and it
like stayed in his stomach for like ten
years
and then he like mixed it with like
sewer water from like Mexico and then it
stayed there for another ten years and
then he farted that's how bad it fucking
smells but he's been really good about
it because I've been on his ass for the
whole time we've been dating say hasn't
farted that much but I think that's one
of things that I really fucking hate
about or is just fucking fart
alright so underscore Dennis underscore
white underscore wants to know how did
you come up with Papa Bear and mama bear
oh damn so this is actually kind of a
funny story because um for those of you
that don't know Bart and I actually
started off as friends and we were
involved in each other's lives when we
were dating other people so when I had a
boyfriend he was my friend and when he
was dating because he didn't really have
girlfriends when I need him so he was
just dating a lot so he was dating this
girl that he met at school and he called
her he called her oh my god it was
something bunny like huh no he called
her honey bunny right so it was honey
bunny this honey bunny that and I
thought it was cool and all that was
like bear thing but then when we got
together I think he got really
comfortable and he was like super
lovey-dovey so he tried calling me honey
bunny and I was like no you are not
gonna call me honey bunny you use that
out some other girl like you know that
luck Dena jealousy came in so then he
was actually like no no you're not honey
bunny hear my bid like we're the bees
like you're my mama bear and I'm your
papa bear and then um it really wasn't a
bear B II a are not be e aw at first it
was B ei R at first so it's bear and
then Bart legs being very cute and I
think because he's so big and he's so
masculine and he's just so intimidating
looking yeah he doesn't really uh I
don't know I guess he just didn't get a
lot of affection growing up I have no
idea why but he likes feeling very small
he likes to be little food so because of
that I think he naturally just like yeah
of course my closed doors he would just
like start talking really small and then
so in front of you guys he'll be like
yeah you know so you know I was doing
this and dad and like fuck that fuck
this but then when the doors are closed
and it's just us to them he's like oh
and then you would give
little and he starts talking like this
so then the bear turned the into a pill
so that's the creation of mama bail and
Papa bail
oh this questions pretty good a
underscores Samara underscore with
underscore attitude
what the heck's with the underscores
what else okay so a samurai with that
attitude wants to know do you and Bart
fight a lot
and I want to say that yes we do fight
did we fight a lot
we don't really fight a lot we've been
together for about six years now and the
fights aren't as bad as they used to be
but of course we fight so when we were
first dating the first year was awesome
he was just like the honeymoon phase
everything's perfect your think that's
like new discovery like oh my god this
is your favorite oh my god this is my
favorite food where's Omid so it was
like a year full of that right and then
the second year was more like oh is this
your fair food I kind of don't really
like this why don't you like that food I
don't know I just don't so then the
little bickering kind of started
happening and then year 3 was when like
you're more like oh my god I already
know everything about you I know all
your good and I know all your bad things
you know I know your secrets I know
everything about you and like all these
patterns like start adding up or at
least the negative patterns learning
I've been you start like getting on each
other's nerves and I think like year 3
is what's really testing the
relationship so honestly around that
time was when we would fight the most
like we would have a fight every single
day and it was over the dumbest shit I
think like when couples fight it's
usually about the dumbest shit at least
for us it was because if you ask me now
if you tell me hate you I will give you
ten million dollars right now if you
tell me what you embark fought about two
weeks ago I'd be like I don't know but I
also feel like a lot of these fights
happen because
we are both prideful people and we're
not very flexible so yes we fight and
it's normal to fight and if you're
asking because maybe you're going
through something then it's okay maybe
think about it if you're being prideful
maybe you shouldn't be prideful and I
think I'm saying that to you because I'm
really saying it to myself a good
question
all right this is a funny this is a
funny question and a funny name I am so
sorry I'm going to fuck up your name
ready three two one suck it up hun eight
one one I'm so sorry anyway you're
asking on a scale of one to ten how hot
did you think Bart was when you first
saw him so funny thing is that Nadeem
right now is recording this video and as
he was recording it I think he's
snapping and using filters like an ass
so I'm watching him while I'm trying to
watch it but anyway enough not Athene
back to how hot it bob art was um so
when I first saw him I thought he was an
okay looking guy it was really rare in
the area that I was glad to see an Asian
that had a buzz cut the way that bar did
and that was as jacked
as Bart was when I first saw him he had
the buzz cut because I think at that
time he was still in the Marines and he
was jacked because he was just yet so I
remember looking at him and thinking oh
shit that's unique and then I don't ever
remember thinking damn he's hot I was
just like oh that's unique and then
that's it so lo and behold a few months
later I get with um someone that's in
his friend circle so then I get to see
more more of him I get some like see
what type of person he is and his
personality and he was just grossed and
he was obnoxious so I thought he was
ugly as fuck that's the only reason why
I thought he was in because I just
didn't like his personality so when I
first saw him I was like a buff Asian
guy that's weird did it a moving on with
my day and then when I got to my moms
like oh he is ugly but now I think he's
a beautiful princess
awesome question because I read ahead
but I had to look at your name
awesome question about awkward rhino is
what's your favorite thing about David I
love you I love you too um there's
actually a lot of favorite things about
David as much as you guys see that we
hate each other it all comes from love
it's like a brother and sister type of
love and at least an are circle the way
that the guys show affection for the
girls is by talking a lot of shit so
because David talks the most shit to me
means ultimately that I am his favorite
out of everyone in JK and honestly I
want to see his favorite out of all of
his friends but my favorite things about
David is the fact that he's a super
positive dude like he's all love like
his energy is all love like what you
guys see online is a little bit more um
loud and what may appear to be
aggressive but is not kind of rude David
but he's really not that way like he's
actually a big freakin teddy bear that
super-sweet loves his friends loves his
family will bend over backward and take
forget all his clothes off and give them
to you in a time of need so that's the
type of David that I know and that's I
think the favorite thing about him and
the thing that I love the most about him
is just how much love he gives but don't
tell him I said that I fucking hate his
guts next time you see him tell fuck you
David
PS Geo's the best alright right now go
to David's page and comment
hashtag geo is the best fuck you David
Bowie now go well after this video you
know what I mean
alright bread Brennen dot d dot F and
would like to know who little sneaker
this one's fucking hard would like to
know if you had to give a six-year-old
this sex talk how would you do it I
don't fucking know I have no idea I
would do it I don't
if I would use dolls or if I'd use my
hands or if I would use fruit or
something I think I'd be like all right
where did you hear this from and then
I'm going to like attack that person or
prevent import no I'm just kidding I'm
just trying to make excuses because I'm
like freaking out at this point but a
six-year-old that means that you are in
first grade oh my god do you know what
sex how do I tell you about sex I'd
probably be like all right son so um so
your boy and boys have a pee-pee like
you and girls they don't have a pee-pee
oh they have a ring like this is and
it'd be like when they really really
really really love each other and their
mommies and daddies like each other and
they need their mommies and daddies and
their mommies and daddies go oh son
that's a nice girl we like her and you
know that you love her
then you guys start loving each other
with your bodies like this and then when
you get older I'll tell you how to love
each other with your bodies but for
right now you're only six year old stuff
has to be grown up cushions go to your
room you're grounded and that's how it
goes down
well thank you so much for asking all
these awesome questions if you guys have
liked this video let me know in the
comments below that you want to see more
like this I actually personally like
this a lot because I feel like I finally
get her interact with you guys so please
like the video let me know in the
comments and I will make more of these
for you thank you guys so much for
watching love you
