good morning y'all I'm heading over to
the barbell brigade just shoot a workout
video which is why my hair is kind of
messed up a little bit I just styled my
hair straight from bedhead and I'll give
you guys an industry secret when you're
doing your hair for camera you only have
to do it about fifty to seventy-five
percent because the camera doesn't pick
up as much detail as you do in person so
in person if you're trying to meet the
love of your life of course you got to
hook up your hair but the camera since
it doesn't see as much detail you can do
fifty to seventy-five percent and it
looks good so especially when I'm
training and I'm moving around you're
not gonna be able to have like a fixed
focal point on my head so doing my hair
like this
where there's a bunch of weird shit
sticking off it's gonna be cool I'm
really tired right now cuz I'm gonna
going uphill but I'm really tired right
now cuz I just finished the powerlifting
me that I've been training really really
hard for and that was yesterday actually
so if you want to see the progress video
on that make sure you head over to the
barbell Brigade Channel and you can see
the update video but the reason why I'm
training today is I want to get right
into getting lean so a lot of people
they also don't know how to transition
from doing a powerlifting meet into
going back into regular training because
they do the meet and then they get
really really tired and they take an
entire week off and then when they come
back that's the meat loaf barking by the
way when they come back they're like oh
shoot I feel like I lost all my games or
I've completely fried myself and it's
because you took like an entire a week
or two off so that's not something that
you want to do and because I'm gonna be
increasing volume a lot of volume
because I'm gonna be emphasizing a lot
more bodybuilding so that I can get more
lean and shredded that's not something
I'm used to I'm used to doing like
triples double singles because the
powerlifting so you slowly want to
increase the volume so I'm making a
full-on
video on that on the barbell burger
channels I'm going to shoot today so if
you want to learn more about that stuff
make sure you head over to the channel
too I think it'll probably be something
called how to transition back from the
meat into bodybuilding but I'm walking
through the car just taking a little
walk today instead of walking through
the house because it's really nice and
sunny and bright and it feels really
good and sometimes the Sun gives me a
boost of energy that coffee can't even
do so I'm just walking to the car
oh cool it steals mom Hema Hema what ma
your ma no I'm gonna go to that gym I'll
see you there ma okay bye okay pull the
car out okay bye I'm at 7-eleven and I
just got my daily 7-eleven I can't even
say this morning I got my daily 7-eleven
necessities got my black coffee that's
how I like my coffee it's black as you
can see try to keep a simple oh is it
gonna fall off okay I got my 7-eleven
water I'm just kidding
no the PVC pipe is from the competition
we took a lot of stuff in the gym so I'm
just bringing it back today returning it
there and usually I take the truck on
these days which is the normal JK
working day but because I have a pretty
big meeting of Beverly Hills later where
we get negotiating our deal I don't know
what I'm gonna get back so I'm taking
the Porsche I'm gonna go on a train and
then come back home take a shower and
then meet up with Joe and Michael to go
sign this deal so in the meantime Jill
is gonna take the truck and take the
dogs to the office because usually I
take the dogs to the office at around
1:00 or 2:00 p.m. but our deal is gonna
take them because there are times where
I get really busy
and when I leave the dogs at home when I
come home I can just tell that they're
really sad too like oh no one's been
with this all day and I really feel like
all they really want to do like even
though we take them hiking and walking
around the neighborhood all they really
want to do is just be next to us so
instead of me going to the meeting and
then not knowing what I'm gonna come
back and then finally coming back to
hang out with the dogs I just told you
to also hey you think it'd be a better
idea if you just took the dogs to the
office and she was like yeah so at least
that way the dogs can hang out with
people and just be with Jill the whole
time until I get back
so yeah time to head over to the gym my
body is really really wrecked for me
every time I do a bother to me I feel
like I got hit by a truck
and I'm trying to read energize myself
and yesterday I took two scoops of
pre-workout and usually I don't even
take pre-workout my black coffee is my
pre-workout I like to keep it natural
because I've tried a lot of stuff on our
first oil lifting when I was like 16 17
18 I said take everything that GNC had
to offer and then I realized nothing
really works you know like the the main
thing that works and this is even
scientifically proven is if you can
sleep eight to nine hours a day to
recover train hard and then eat good
food your body will be able to have a
lot of games and that's where most of
the success lies all the other stuff
like if you want to take creatine or
glutamine or any other other stuff you
want to make sure that you're hitting
your protein and your carbs and keeping
the fats low you want to make sure
you're sleeping enough you want to make
sure that you're training consistently
and if you're doing all those three then
yet but you add a little bit of that it
might give you an edge but barely so I
just keep things hella simple now and
I'm just trying to pass this information
along to you guys I know a lot of you
guys as soon as you start working out
you're like how do I get a six-pack in
two weeks right I get big in two weeks
it isn't doesn't work that way
training and working out and building
gains it's definitely a marathon so it's
all about the journeys enjoying the
journey enjoying lifting and joining
making friends along the way and there's
a lot of supplements out there that
don't really work I think if you want to
keep it really simple if you do need a
little booster pre-workout does work
because caffeine is a proven can
but other than that I wouldn't recommend
anything else except for protein powders
because sometimes you just can't fit
that much protein into your system so
being able to knock down one or two
scoops of protein really helps it out or
else just gonna be eating like steaks
chicken and eggs all day especially if
you're like me where you're supposed to
get over 200 grams of protein a day I
have to get at least one or two scoops
of protein and just to help me meet that
goal especially my busy lifestyle but
other than that the black coffee the
protein my multivitamin I don't take any
other supplements
oh and either okay thank you all right
well thank you so much you too I'm back
at McDonald's getting my use which is
the three artisan grilled chicken
sandwiches one's for Gio two is for me
and I actually really like this sandwich
because it's so low in fat that it
allows me to eat a little bit more
lenient later on each sandwich is only 6
grams of fat if you get it with no mayo
and each sandwich has over 35 grams of
protein so by eating two of them already
fulfilled 70 grams of protein and only
took up 12 grams of fat so that allows
me to eat maybe even a cheeseburger at
night maybe leave some skinny cow ice
cream something like that so I'm back on
the usual diet back into the routine
sometimes I actually like cutting
because my life gets so routine that I
don't have to worry about what I have to
because there's a lot of times where
like because I do have the Liberty to
choose what I want to eat whether it's
pizza whatever I get to eat all kinds of
naughty bad stuff and I have so many
options then I'm kind of stuck with the
burden of figuring out what I actually
want to eat but I'm on a diet and
because I can only eat like five things
then I don't have to think about what I
have to you sounds like such a
first-world problem but it makes my life
smoother because I just go to my regular
go twos and then immediately I can get
to doing the important stuff like
getting into work or meeting with people
and I don't have to figure out like some
fancy ass place to eat at so I just grab
my challenges and over to the office
gonna give Gio one of them and then I'm
a scarf down too and then i'ma head to
our meeting and Beverly Hales my mother
told me you always press record and go
come on Barry and then I want what do
you want me to be really
minutes together so there's no reason to
see how about my popper you want to be
all rude no I like it fine hi my love so
I just competed in a piloting
competition this weekend and I tried my
best to do my best
and I think I did do my best given their
circumstances and they can catch all of
that stuff on the bar top or gay Channel
but one perspective that isn't caught in
the video is the supportive wife's
perspective what's going through your
mind as a supportive wife when you watch
your manly men husband warrior man north
rocky leader lift what's going on in my
mind as I'm watching you lift like
you're on stage and I'm there or just
the whole power lifting experience like
what goes through a wife's mind as she
watches her husband go out there and try
to be the best that he can be well one
is I'm trying to keep a super CUNY
environment for him because I don't want
to stress him out at all so I want to
make sure that I play happen music's
that he's been happy in the early early
morning and I make sure that I was super
soft you're gonna eat and then if he
wants me to drive because he just wants
to focused and I'm like the mom and
there's like a little soccer van making
sure everyone's good like she was okay
and then when it comes to seeing him on
stage I'm just like trying to be louder
than everyone else cuz I'm just like
that's my papa
he's been trading harder than anyone
else here I don't know if that's true or
not but I'm thinking he's between part
of than anyone else has here so I'm so
proud of him right now like I didn't
fucking cry because it's tears of joy
and I just want good cool Papa fucking
kill that shit so internally it's like
you're the best and I have to make sure
that you hear how much I am like backing
you up like
I'm like in your corner are you ever
worried about my health or like if I'm
gonna get injured or anything um you
don't really give me those worries you
really feel like it's because I'm too
weak and the weights I'm lifting isn't
dangerous enough whoa you're like close
to a 500 bench like that's for 500 bench
you said 500 I wish I was 5 like 400
bench which is for those of you guys
that aren't aware is 4 plates on each
side like I can't even deadlift that
shit right that thing it's like I can't
pull it off the ground but he's pushing
it off his fucking chest so that's
really freaking scary but I think that
does that make you horny Oh doesn't turn
me off it doesn't turn me off the I
don't know if it makes me horny I'm not
always ooh
but if your man is strong if your man is
strong isn't it doesn't it make you feel
like okay cool money strong badass but
the fact that you can bench for about
that but that's an indicator of how
strongly it is an indicator and I think
but I look at the overall picture so I
look at a macro view and yes that turns
me on but the micro meaning the four
plates doesn't turn me on oh okay fine
um so because I've seen you train I see
all your precautionary measures like
you're you're all about like even before
the workout you warm up properly you
stretch properly like you wear all the
safety that you need to where you don't
do like crazy suicide grip and a bench
that's like you know you're you're the
market supreme your hands up you do
enough to show me that you're taking all
the the proper you know measurements
said like be safe so I don't worry about
your safety I worry about the spotter or
the loaders like miss loading the bar
you think it's one way and then because
they fucked up you get injured that's
what I worry about so every time you
even go up I'm like looking at the
way it's like right into this this right
cool you thick to go I look at that or
like I worry about like the spotters if
you missed the list that they're not
there to catch it for you and they they
injure you so those are the things that
I'm just kind of like we're good with a
little bit over that's very nice of you
I kind of love you you know
yeah today I mean I thought today but
yesterday when I went for my third
attempt squat usually the third attempts
that's when like the person's going ham
but because of the circumstances I had
to lessen the squat I don't want to ruin
everything for the bar over here video
but every time I go for the third
attempts on each one of those lifts
because they are pretty much close to
what my human limit is does that ever
worry you or do you ever go holy shit I
really hope he gets this especially
especially when I try to attempt the 600
pound desert now I'm kind of weird
because as of lately you forget big
anymore knows right like more bloody
noses yeah um and then I know you had
eye surgery and I forgot I have eye
surgery yeah you have eye surgery so
when you're doing the heaviest like
closest to your PR which is closer to
like 100% of your max and you said your
human potential that's when I'm just
like oh my god I hope like this is my
bike don't on top and I'm like I just
hope like you know the equipment is good
like I again it's never something that
I'm worried about you I'm just or a
mistake that you might make I'm always
afraid of the environment that's gonna
fuck you up you know maybe I just think
you're Superman fucker like I just feel
like there's there's quite a little bit
that you can't do so anyone I see you up
there are you speaking highly of me
right now no I saw our pubic unions
because of me
oh no you have this
I think you're super capable person and
there's like very little that you can't
do like when you set your mind to
something like you you not only do it at
you know above the average like what is
it potential or like you do it like just
better than anyone you know that's
average can do it um but then when you
really put your mind to it and you excel
and you're like amazing at it so that's
why I never feel like there's much that
you'll fill that so I think when I do
see you filled that actually disappoints
me more you know I mean not to put any
pressure on you but I was like oh okay
so he is a human like he does make these
mistakes Oh funny yeah no no it's not
bad it's great you know cuz it's just
like and again I'm not like just because
you failed I'm not thinking like ah we
what a pussy like I'm not thinking that
at all I still make you horny right yes
you still definitely make me horny but
yeah i think i think you kill it every
time you know always like okay
I'll kill this take your mother back it
was other people are gonna walk up mess
you up I thought look get her cuny feet
on the cash hey see you walking fine I
gotta go in a meeting
see you later mob bear I love you bar
kids
just finished our meeting then we're in
the car driving home but there's a shit
ton of traffic and then it just hit all
of us how hungry we were and I realized
that I get way hungrier from meetings
and thinking than I do from working out
so that makes me think how come it
doesn't burn extra calories than to
think like I feel like I should be
shredded the more that we think don't
you agree
yeah I'm so hungry I can't think right
now I want to eat so bad and the problem
is when you get hungry when you're
thinking too much and then all of a
sudden you realize you're hungry is that
you don't start craving healthy foods
you start with the worst foods yeah like
right now I'm so tempted to like stop at
McDonald's before we get oh my god you
know what I'm craving right now
hashbrowns the McDonald's hash brown Oh
cuz I and I just started my diet today
oh no you can't go to McDonald's yeah
you know what's also weird like by just
yesterday I bought some ice cream and
Reese's peanut butter cups and some cake
oh I bought those right cuz I was like
okay this is my last day I'm gonna cheat
and then go ahead but then when I bought
them I'm like I don't care no I don't
really feel like eating them so I left
them in the package but this morning
just because I knew I was on a diet when
I saw them on top of the fridge now I
really wanted to eat them like why the
fuck is it just in one day yeah and
that's forbidden
if they're thinking really burn as much
calories more views and bodybuilders
yeah nerds nerds love buffets fuck
that's not fair hard that's so not fair
are you hungry Michael what's your
favorite food when you're hungry do you
think of healthy food or do you think of
like the most unhealthy food I think of
my ramen noodles oh I got a pork bone
the more fat it brought the better
what's your favorite ramen place in LA I
like Shinsengumi um and Rosemead oh
really
have you been to slurping what ramen and
kids I have been as well yeah I like
she's gonna be better
what but my favorite one of everything
is it's your on engine oh my god it show
on a saw but that's play for each one in
my mouth I still like can taste it
that's how good it left a lasting memory
on me you know why key they said I think
it's like the glory hole ramen places
why is it the glory hole cuz it's like
you know you order your ramen they open
the door they bring a ramen out and they
may close the door and that's about it
you never see you can give to the
service you just see the ramen as long
as I see the person pants sometimes you
see the person's penis as well she's not
even trying to take money right now she
just had a sign that said every
is a blessing who the girl walking in
the back that's la la is so crazy you
have random like homeless people but
then they don't even look homeless
sometimes and then you're wondering if
they're panhandling because you're not
really asking you for money but the
cardboard says some weird being on it
like sometimes I see people with just
jokes on they're like knock knock who's
there and they just say something weird
like a little bird and you're like what
wait so do you want money or this is one
of the weirdest 101 exits that I've ever
seen so I lived in LA my whole life and
101 is a freeway it's one of our biggest
freeways in LA but I have never seen
this 101 entrance this is weird so this
is a one-on-one and then our entrance is
okay I thought it was up there nevermind
luxurious la home yeah so we're all see
like see all those tents those little
luxury his la homes la it's so weird
like don't be a Beverly Hills and the
right next door is a bunch of homeless
people yeah
so hungry that'll bite you do you say we
must build we don't have David here
today so it's a little bit odd because
we're used to David's energy but it's
all good I think it was a little bit
different because we were selling a few
prefers on the webcast Sun so the
dynamic was a little bit different but
it's cool too because you just give them
time to speak they give you time to
speak in person
everyone's talking at the same time
almost so it's a little bit different
