baby
oh the Joe Rogan uh podcast okay so Joe
Rogan had this guy on his podcast who
was like I think you're like a deep-sea
diver sorta guy yeah and he gave this
crazy
um exercise to do before he like dives
for for a long time and it's just
hyperventilating yourself oh I heard
about that for like I don't know like a
minute or something yeah you're supposed
to enrich your blood with oxygen yeah
and so it's it's displacing um like
nitrogen and oxygen inside your lungs
and so I did it
along with Joe Rogan and this guy on his
podcast
my name is Joe rogue hero I know I was
listening to it I wish and then I I have
never done this before but I held my
breath for two minutes
strangely shit without training it just
by doing the hyperventilation
hyperventilating and like apparently
like it makes your brain go into like
reptilian brain like it shuts off like
like the the part where like you think
too much and then it goes into like
survival mode Wow
yeah it's not when you were like at two
minutes did you feel like your brain was
in the brink of explosion or was it like
was it something that's really hard to
do or you just naturally thought that I
naturally got this fucking weird you
guys should try it how long did you yeah
like you had to do it for like a whole
minute and like the whole minute yeah he
does it on the show you should you
should listen to the podcast and then do
it the same breath technique at the same
time as then how come you didn't do that
during her mermaid underwater shoot
that's to various cuz it's weird it's
weird to do that you knew this
information but instead of using it
dinner mermaid underwater she liked to
be like beautiful and ethereal and like
a princess it can't be like before right
or can i you got to do what everything
you should do what every what you should
take a shit in the Murda me
damnit that's how you don't even know
what her mate is if you if you shit your
pants yeah and then you get into the
fins and then you're like I don't care
cuz I'm elite yeah I don't got it amount
shit you guys had a team I should not
clean my shit yeah well it was your
mermaid shit about come you have to be a
mermaid underwater um so it's actually
for um for marine conservation and like
getting it out oh how do I get involved
you want to be a mermaid no I want to
get of all the marine conservation okay
so I'm gonna be starting um like charity
streams yeah specifically for that but
these photos are to like you know easily
distribute with like very beautiful
pictures that are really shareable with
a better cause behind it I'm Donna be a
mermaid then oh my god that'd be amazing
if you guys are a mermaid couple oh you
want to do a mermaid couple photo shoot
I'm down for it out in LA you have to be
in a 15-foot deep pool or you down you
go there you go did it Joe Rogan so what
is that about what what are you doing
saving to see animals sea otters and
stuff um I personally am more focused on
like coral conservation Oh coral
bleaching which is when like all the
algae is exerted out of coral yeah the
water around it being too warm because
of global warming people sleep on coral
they don't think it's a living thing
they just walk all over it yeah I see
people walking on in like a get off
please like you're on the slang but
you're ready to grunion and then you can
please yeah get on like this I remember
that was in uh the Great Barrier Reef
and this lady were just standing I was
like hey kitty let's kick it off please
bitch
anyway coral bleaching is weird because
all the coral that's supposed to be like
vibrant colors yeah
stark white and yeah like a freaking
Cemetery anyway that means they're sad
and stuff right it just means that
they're dead Oh fucked like that's a
visual cue that there's something really
messed up going on in
world yeah and it's like it's we can't
just let it pass by without doing
anything and it's little stuff like
conserving energy risk making sure you
recycle and you know conserving gas and
trying to do stuff like that so it's
like it comes from little things that
make a big impact so it's a result of
global warming yeah oh sure yeah killing
our coral guys we need we do need our
core whether your coral fingers where
are those yeah let me know I'd be super
down it'd be a mermaid and help with the
coral message yeah yeah alright so
something I've always wanted to do is go
scuba diving because I feel like I'm a
pretty decent swimmer and I really like
wildlife so combining the two means
going scuba diving and looking at all
these ocean animals but I've never done
it and it's probably because I'm just
putting it off I'm procrastinating but I
really want to be committed in one of
these days and just go out and do it but
Mari actually has and she is approaching
it in a completely different way because
she's not confident about it she's
actually scared of the ocean but why do
you go scuba diving all the time uh I
skip it at because I know that I have a
huge deep fear of the ocean um and it's
one of my ways of getting over that fear
what are you scared of in the ocean cuz
when I go in the ocean I see like the
blue abyss I'm like fuck yeah what's in
there yeah I'm scared of two things one
is like the giant shadow coming out of
nowhere like like a whale in the blue
ocean right like it could be anything it
could be a whale and that's completely
harmless it give you a whale shark
that's harmless or it could be like
sharks yeah and then like what do you do
so so I'm scared of that
um and I'm scared of the fact that you
are surrounded by everything that's
going to kill you you're gonna you're
surrounded by water that you cannot use
to breathe with yeah you're just if
something goes wrong you're just you're
you're fucked and so did you have this
fear before you start a scuba diving or
afterwards before so
I knew how to swim as a kid and then all
of a sudden when I was ten I had this
irrational fear of getting into water
again
oh shit so I stopped swimming completely
until my brother taught me how to swim
again because I like I stopped swimming
I forgot how to say were you a good
swimmer before yeah yeah I was in swim
school and everything cool and then I I
got this irrational fear um and I still
think I have that because I I go through
a panic attack before I go underwater
every time Wow and so my dive partner
has my boyfriend he has to like really
like get me through it and like calm me
down and like it's gotten to the point
where every time I do have any sort of
anxiety about anything I have one visual
that I can remember it it's that the
first time I went scuba diving I was so
in my head and so scared and I was I
think about thirty feet underwater and I
remember just watching this little like
critter in the sand and like move around
like a seahorse moving back and forth
it's just moving back and forth and like
going with the flow and I remember that
being like a visual of me just like
having to have to go with the flow no
matter what happens I just let it happen
and like let it ed in flow well sue the
animal talk to you yeah and it was just
a moment where I'm like okay I need to
just calm down whatever happens happens
um and so like I've done a lot of other
stuff that really obscures the shit out
of me like ice climbing and um you're a
maniac I can't even call myself like an
adrenaline junkie I'm more kind of like
I think I'm a masochist I hate myself
and I do things that scare me so are you
scared of heights or speed uh not so
much anymore
I climb a lot and you know I've Rock
climbed outside 400 feet up and holy
shit and I remember one time I was like
there is like this ledge coming up this
way and I had to like jump for the next
and like you have a harness on I have a
harness but it's all just pitches so if
it comes out of the wall I'm going down
ten feet at a time more and more and
more
Omar's about got beat up in Lake Tahoe
climbing something called Lover's Leap
were you climbing by yourself when you
do these no snow I'm with the team oh
shit scary and I was that high up and
I'm like okay if my equipment fails and
if I don't catch the sledge I might die
and I'm like well boom and then I don't
get it I like don't get it yeah I fall
about 15 feet which is normal that's
about normal climb back up I would shit
my pants I hate that feeling of like you
know when you're you have turbulence in
the airplane and the airplane just drops
even like two feet or maybe even it
might it might even just be like four
inches yeah and you're like Fogg gonna
get that feeling in her stomach i I've
gotten to a point where I had this
crazy-ass dream I'm talking about dreams
I had this dream about um me and my
boyfriend sitting next to me in an
airplane and it's going down and like we
look at each other we're like it's been
awesome Wow how romantic it was
dramatically scary just like like you
know what I can say that I have lived an
amazing life so far and if if it shit
hits the fan that's the way it was meant
to be for whatever reason I always
fucking crazy you know she goes rock
climbing and she just drops 10 15 feet
and then she gets horny from it Dan oh
you get whoa you are that's okay I might
I might hate it makes me a little bit
more horny for me I guess I'm like good
job Mari and scared Mari is like like
thanks other Mari and then we look at
each other weird but yeah I don't know
immortality has become a very real
sometimes for me that I'm very okay with
with death that's all awesome hasn't
always been that way so that's inspiring
yeah everyone finds their own path to
getting to that point word like you're
happy enough but you're like alright I
can die anytime fuck it I live the good
life yeah
ma bear what are you doing over here
god damn what is going on in there what
are you doing over here
it it feel good oh but I see you don't
like taking up that much she said that
are you referring to things that
happened 12 years ago 12 years ago yeah
you like to bring things up that or said
12 years ago why did I say that no cuz I
always like taking naps it's fine
answer my question I don't remember when
did I say it
I don't remember mama dad I think you
said you loved me very much I said I
love you too but I asked you to take
naps with me before during JK news and
you never do yeah I probably have my own
day planned Oh fine
well it doesn't mean that I hate ness
fine I don't want to fight truce
oh you want to fight what were y'all
fight I'm gonna fight hey why you so
feisty why are you so freaking feisty
with them it looks like you're seeped
through you know that this Ruby yeah
dinner all right when you were pointing
out okay no cuz it looks like um like
this is your skin tone and then there's
just like this black lace over it you're
not don't worry I've also completely
embrace I can't tell he's you probably
lost feeling under boobs yeah how did
you lose feeling in your boobs you keep
touching them doing everything whoo
let's see hopefully it breaks your brain
just died hmm
you already said I just kid I just want
to break up with you but I don't want
you dead why don't you break up with me
if you really want to break up with me
try oh I try everything
when did you try to break of it when I
said I'm getting out of the car
don't follow me that was so over long
ago that was
two weeks ago really then how how do we
end up in this wonderful position where
you have a Hello Kitty pillow behind
this is my Hello Kitty and this couch
only seats one person yeah but it looks
very comfortable because your husband
provided such a comfortable environment
for you you did mm-hmm
the only reason why you could sleep in
peace without people raping is because
I'm here are you were asleep so I
provided that situation good give me a
big ko other than 100 bucks 100 bucks
yeah hell no yeah I don't know what it's
been getting away from me
it's been in his mouth where else is it
gonna be leaving here I don't know why
why he left it here get that being away
from I'll give you a hundred bucks if
you blow on it bucks I'll give you
another hundred if you at the bottom
where all the saliva juices collects I
only licked the top yeah you try to bust
a fast one you are very mean ah yes meal
so who you love the most tummy a meat
loaf and fun and breeki and my mom who
do you love the most most where you told
me you loved the most most most god no
um TIFF no he's sitting right in front
of you my shoes no he is you have okay
each other
you have his last name you have his last
name
who do you love the most
why are you so mean right now see you
just woke up and you're grumpy you're
frickin grumpy times you don't do the
ultimate test of happiness no what no I
love you you're the one whatever you oh
you love me then no Austen I just want
to know right look how cute
no I'm gonna do it are you ready Jimmy
leave get it as far didn't I just yes
you asked for the test you're the one to
ask for the test I'm gonna walk by you
because usually it stays in my shorts
and then it comes out later so I'm gonna
dance and let it come out do you smell
anything just test it test to see if you
smell it are you lying test it does it
smell bad around here
just test it come on one with one with
just one with liar come on just one one
whiff see if it's still this is still
here one whiff go I don't think you sure
we're here so I'm good smelly okay fine
go yes mighty the air is clear right
here it was just right there I felt all
my food come up what dude what how do
you create that thing oh my god I don't
know I don't know how I do it I don't
know how I do it I wish I did it
sorry but you're asking the other one to
aspirin my let me see wait well I just
wiped it okay fine oh oh yeah do you see
it there's a little one I can see it Oh
let's look watery sorry sorry what cost
what we're closer now like for the third
time I smell your report and it still
makes me gag I know I'm an x-man I'm a
super I'm a mutant why probably went
away already I'm pretty sure it went
away already see it smell it not better
it's gone when I say shit you gotta know
when she like she knows you got him so
fast for someone I was just sleeping
like five minutes ago you freaking
exploded out of the chair yeah what is
wrong with you you're not my friend
I didn't say that that was Julia what
was that oh oh oh my god that's all mean
don't make me fart again dude there's
one crazy like that
because you know do it dude Julie go go
go Julie read oh shit oh my brain is all
right that shit is literally came up
look oh god I don't know how you do it
you because I get farther away
I just picked up two guns from the gun
store one of them is an MFP shield and
it's a really small gun it's probably
the smallest gun that you can have in
California that's still really reliable
and a lot of law enforcement use that as
sort of concealed carry concealed carry
means um the weapon that they keep
underneath their clothes or as for a
backup weapon so I got that one with my
buddy Charlie from Kathleen keels in
Sacramento that's the gun that he really
likes for concealed carry and I think I
will be applying for a concealed carry
permit so I might as well just get that
gun now
and practice shooting with it and get
really comfortable with it before I
actually qualify with it and then I got
a DP 12 I already have a DP 12 DP 12 is
that big-ass zombie killer looking
shotgun that you see it's double-barrel
and you can shoot so many rounds out
really fast and I wanted to because I
heard in California
they're gonna even start considering
that as a salt rifle it's all I fuck if
I don't get it now I'm never gonna have
a chance so since I already have one I
got another one now I could put the
other one away and keep it as if it's
like a museum artifact and never shoot
that one never get any gunpowder than
that and then the one that I just got
today with the sights and the little
spiky things in the front all the crazy
stuff on I could play with that one and
I can keep the other one intact but most
importantly today I was really happy
because I came down and a few months ago
me and geo decided that for a Nadine's
birthday we're gonna buy a Nadine a
Glock a gun and a Nadeem is also a gun
enthusiast and he likes girls just like
me we go shooting all the time and
because he's under 21 he's never been
able to own a handgun and he has a
shotgun but me and Jenna like what if we
buy him his first handgun so we brought
my team and then we got him a Glock 19
are you pretty happy I'm super super
happy I mean the Glock 19 was something
I took to the range a few times and it
was something that I especially because
I was 20 when I was a 21 I would take it
to the range and I've got a fun
it's so cool to shoot but I really can't
take anyone because bar ticks are the
competitions and it's not mine you know
yeah
but finally when it's like being able to
be 21 it's like it's also like the same
thing like now you can legally drink but
now you can actually own a handgun yeah
which is completely different than only
like rifles
stuff like that so it's a really cool to
have especially that my first gun yeah
and Glock 19 czar super dope if any of
you guys are into guns the reason why
they're super dope is because they're
really compact but they're actually
still pretty powerful and pretty
accurate considering how short the
barrel length is and the 19 it's such a
great all-around weapon it's very
reliable you can throw it in dirt it'll
still work very well and the way it
feels when it shoots it's very nice it's
very accurate and I ran a couple
competitions with it already so I'm
really happy so I'm really happy that a
gun that I had a lot of fun with me and
geo were able to buy for Ana diem so
that his first gun is going to be a very
well rounded functional gun and if he
wants to apply for concealed carry you
can wear a Glock 19 too because it is
also relatively small compared to some
of the other guns so we got that out of
the way which took months because I'm so
fucking busy that a lot of these gun
stores they operate on a 9:00 to 5:00
like Monday through Friday work schedule
and when I do Friday 9:00 to 5:00 is
when I'm the busiest so I never have
time to come out and buy like these
hobby things that I like or pay for Anna
Dimas birthday present but because I'm
competing in a policy competition
tomorrow I'm D loading so this morning I
didn't have to train so I was able to
come and get the gun and then the next
thing I'm gonna get is Nadine did me a
big favor and he dropped off my truck to
get the suspension and wheels put on so
now we're driving over there to get my
truck lifted so today is it's like
Christmas for me I got guns getting my
truck back and then I'll go back to work
late
you
in my truck now just got it back and I
am super happy with it it's everything I
wanted if you guys want to see a full
truck tour with it all nice and washed
and clean and wax and I talked about the
inside and outside of the truck and why
I chose certain parts let me know in the
comments below but that's it for today I
am going to enjoy this truck and start
driving around peace do you see my
system
we don't have David here today so it's a
little bit on because we're used to
David's energy but it's all good I think
it was a little bit different because we
were looking for friends on the webcast
so the dynamic was a little bit
different but it's cool too because you
just give them time to speak they give
you time to speak in person
everyone's talking at the same time
almost so it's a little bit different
