everyone but we're gonna start playing
resistance today right oh yes everyone
remember how to play the game I know
everybody expected it's kinda like mafia
okay
it's like mafia I changed my shirt or
I'll do it after this however half yeah
let's just like square the rules for
information assurance and we'll fix all
the things so Brandon let's kind of take
it away and place all around room thank
you so we're gonna be actually hmm you
already fucked up Brandon you weren't
prepared
okay Michael so there's gonna be four
resistance it tough these are the good
guys and your goal is to go on missions
and make it successful succeed Denise
home and then there are three bad guys
which are spies your goal is to fail
mission you guys remember correctly we
have five missions on the board in it my
first mission for example take two
people so let's say fire it and Sheryl
let's say Byron is a bad guy shows a
good guy so then we go on the voting
track or you guys approve or reject the
team's so now obviously to approve
because he's part missions and prove if
all approvals go through okay they go on
the other cars revealed or is it like
not revealing enough so then I pass all
the success and failures to the people
going on the missions and then only the
bad guys will have sure little guard on
if you're resistance if you can only
throw success card or one so then we
would they go turn in their car face
down to me and I reveal it one by one if
it's veil or success so I'll be like
success woo when it's a fail oh no
mission failed
look so the mission failed and then the
bad guys have already won one mission
and you guys will have a three minute
discussion on figuring out why the
mission failed
Oh like cuz if you like one of Odyssey
one of you are to survive that's what
you guys start talking about but
obviously shit a good one I read the
good strategies but a first mission is
to not even if you are spies to not fail
it more you could throw in a curveball
but then you know that the odds are
stacked against you - but it's only
50-50 chance when you are a spy that's
about it hey you grow facial hair like
this guy a pretty little mustache like
so let's be honest like a catfish beard
hair cells dope girl she's a good girl
yeah he was we're doing this girl so I
am gonna cap it at three minutes for
discussion and then when it comes to
voting you can only vote once so you
can't tell you go back yeah looking like
an apple and we're kind of in that and
it just kind of stalled the game oh
you're good so when you hoover reject
the team you only have one chance so
think wisely we're up to got it alright
yeah so if yeah if you guys don't vote a
team five for five rounds in a row like
you guys can't figure out a team you
guys want to go on a mission one that
guys automatically would devise which
one has a resistance you want to get a
team to go don't up with the weapon our
weapon is just like a symbol that people
on a mission so you so ever pick the
mission they hand the weapon to the
people they pick the mission oh and let
them make sense 0:02
people go on and then two people go on
two and three so the big number is how
many people are going oh two three three
four four okay okay so this is a very
and just to reiterate so good guys can
only put a success in but bad guys who
have success or fail yeah okay so that's
the tricky part and bad guys that you
got to know when you want to throw in a
fail card you guys got the part about
how um we're gonna have a three minute
discussion before we vote right and then
after we vote we're all gonna reveal one
at a time but you can't change your vote
got it cuz I think that's what was
stalling the game last time right yeah
gas on a fire Pakistan this practice
Roger yeah yeah let's do it well can you
see actually in your response we same
place yeah let's all sit him down what
was your favorite game we played today
so far um I mean we played a game of
resistance yeah
which is similar to Mafia it's a game a
deception and roles and stuff and then
we played uno dare but family edition so
out of both of those games none of them
were my favorite not even resistance no
cuz resistance I feel like I'm not
cunning and witty and and quick thinking
enough to deceive people in a short
amount of time because I feel like with
Mafia and when I wear ultimate werewolf
like you are given a lot of space to
mess up and then still recover if you're
the bad guy but with resistance I feel
like you only have like a very small
window to like like not be discovered
and then destroy it like like if you're
bad guy to like win I completely agree
yeah so cuz there's so many like
intermediate steps in between like the
voting of the rejecting the moving of
the thing on the mission who do you pick
and you could discover really fast yeah
and you have to kind of like pull a fast
one on people in between all those yeah
versus mafia you just wake up and
everyone starts bullshitting each other
yeah it's ending with werewolf and so I
think the more time you have to bullshit
that's when you could really pull a fast
one yeah so so far none of these games
have been my favorite like I think when
it comes to deception games my ultimate
favorite is one item at werewolf and
it's just cuz there's so much uh you you
start off as one roll and then you go to
sleep
similar to mafia and then a bunch of
roles
start you know waking up and they play
their their position and then they fuck
it all up and it's beautiful because you
think you go to sleep doing one thing
and then you wake up and then you don't
know what you are anymore it's actually
cool did you ever feel like you're or
did you ever even think of that you'd be
playing games for a living
never once I didn't even know that this
was something that you can make a living
off of like I knew people were making
money off of playing video games yeah
that was so far removed even that was
next level though when I first saw
people doing their kamcord of their
desktop and then that scene I'm talking
before YouTube before all of them like
competitive gaming yeah
that's next level - yeah so that was I
was so far removed from that that I'm
like one I don't play video games
yeah you know so then um hearing that
and that people were making a living off
of that they were making like tens of
thousands of dollars I'm like what so I
maybe was like yeah that's not me ever
and I only thought not to be racist but
I only thought it was for Asian what why
only Asians ah cuz I don't know but you
know what's funny how did she know to
block cuz your hand was coming in slow
motion okay watch hey uh what's funny is
I had a friend in college that he was a
competitive gamer you know travel all
over the US agency god damn fucking
Asians and their stereotypes they're
smart they're really smart you're making
money off of a fucking video game that's
genius that's why there's a lot of
Asians that are PokerStars - why cuz
they're smart oh so poker is a it's a
very intellectual game it's kind of like
Mafia wonder I suck it's just like Mafia
except there's a statistical and
mathematical component to all double why
I suck so a lot of the really good poker
players are actually Asian so different
glasses
yeah sunglasses do you ever like wake up
in the morning when we come to JK Party
days you're like oh my god I can't
believe I'm gonna play games for a
living I don't wake up and think that um
I or do you even stop Deever you didn't
stop to think about that yes every time
and I'm so fortunate and I'm so blessed
that I get to do this cuz people will
say hey that video that you did was so
funny and I'm like yeah you know like we
were actually doing it there and you
know we don't cut corners or whatever
you guys
and I'm thinking wow I'm talking to this
person about my job and my job so
happens to be me playing board games all
day like I'm a grown-ass person that has
health insurance that is thinking of
buying a house that is married but then
I'm still playing what is viewed as
child or children games so what do you
think that take-home messages um to stay
young there's a few take-home messages
just let you know I'm extremely
distracted by how we're doing a donor
titties are sorry they just look like
they want to come out fine is that
better I suck on them you later if I was
to that's the take-home message before
you give me all horny so the take-home
would be whatever it is that you're
passionate about eyes up here buddy good
whatever it is that you're passionate
about uh don't ever sell yourself short
don't ever sell yourself short and think
that you can't make a living out of it
that's one another one is don't take
life too seriously true just have fun be
in the moment be present and just enjoy
your surroundings and just get a a get a
good group of friends so that they can
support you
hey I don't even know what the take-home
gum get I'm on one look at my husband
Ian hello TIFF did you ever think that
you'd be playing games for a living no
never in a million years did I ever
imagined that this would be my career
but it's really awesome and I'm really
grateful that I get to do this for a
living it's really cool
do you ever stop to think about it like
during the day or is it kind of just
weeks go by any kind of just go okay
this is my job and every once in a while
you're like oh shit I can't believe this
is my job
I think every Tuesday I get that fuck
like that thought crosses my mind I'm
thinking like this is my job that's so
weird actually I have this thought when
I pick out my clothes like for a
wardrobe darning and I'm looking at my
closet like okay I wear that
and I'm like I don't know if it's gonna
get messy I don't know if like I'm gonna
be in my bra like should I like I just
I'm trying to think of the Wardrobe yeah
makes me think of what we actually do
which then takes me to that state of
mind of man that's crazy that this is
actually my job and I had to prep for
this and this is Mike I do this with my
bosses it's so weird it's so it's like
it's all hard to explain because it's
such a cool yet weird yet I don't know
it's like an in it's a really weird
um perspective I look at it because it's
kind of like alright so I used to work
in a hospital I used to work 9:00 to
5:00 I used to do like that's where I
thought I when I was younger I used to
think my life would end up being like
just working in an office and just
filing papers all the time just kind of
what you see like everyone else does
right yeah I just pictured that to be my
life and so now that I look at my life
where it is now it's completely like I'm
not never in my wildest imagination when
I thought that I would keep doing this
feeling so it's really cool and I
stopped and I've actually analyzed all
that I think about it when you're
picking your wardrobe in the morning do
you really think like oh shit should I
be wearing this bra cuz my titty might
pop out
I have a buzz around thinking like
should wear thong or show your granny
panties cuz I really yeah cuz I'm
thinking like sometimes we have
crazy-ass dares or it's like you never
know what's gonna happen in Jacob are
you thinking like maybe I should prep my
stomach with the Tom's or pepto before I
go in because maybe we're gonna be
eating some crazy shit or I'm like okay
today I should put my hair up cuz who
knows what's gonna happen like all these
things that crossed my mind I'm thinking
like I need to bring my makeup remover
and I need to bring my my brush cuz my
hair's gonna get you jacked up yeah you
got knocked in your hair today right
yeah I got a bunch of napkins yeah I
heard I'm like so what is your thought
process between thongs or panties or
thongs or granny panties uh I'm thinking
well first I look at the call sheet and
I'm like okay mess or no mess no mass
equals I can wear thongs but mess equals
I should bring some extra pennies just
in case especially when we do like umm I
don't know like well we like if we're
gonna get wet or something yeah like if
we need to get wet
like comment or sometimes we will even
end up in our underwear and I'm like
what can't wear a thong if I'm gonna be
in front of the camera with my butt
cheeks hanging out so that's my thought
process first I look at the coffee and
I'm like alright
which underwear can I bring damn girls
go through so much I just look at the
call sheet and it just says 7 outfits I
just go alright cool and I pretty much
trying to max out as many tank tops as I
can because I get hot so I just go okay
how many tank tops do I have four then I
means I have to get three t-shirts and
that's it none I always bring extra to
because sometimes like mid shoot I'm
like on them our kids are super sweaty I
can't wear that white shirt I need over
something dark like there's a lot of
thought process dang girl why do you
wear thongs with thongs more comfortable
but how come girls don't just wear
granny panties as your default well for
me personally I don't like wearing
granny panties as default because I
don't like it when you can see the penny
Lang through the pen so that's why I
usually that's true looks kind of funny
it was weird so I'll go the thong route
for most of the time but then is it more
comfortable though mmm speaking of
comfort no I think like the short kind
of quick boy shorts yeah those are it'd
be most comfortable in my opinion but so
I thought I'm always like blood but just
a little good pants you can't feel like
panty line yeah girls go through so much
sacrifice and discomfort just to look at
her oh my heels - yeah heels bras like
the fact that we have a wire in one of
the clothing that we wear that's like
tight Tori what is the point of a brown
even though the point of a Bryce well
it's supposed to like perk lift it up
and so I guess what so it looks like
they're not sleeping
did I detention yeah cuz I was actually
looking at a video recently where they
were dissecting that whole idea of bras
and so apparently they're saying that
they've done like Studies or whatever
back in the day when phosphors came out
and they showed that boobs that are
perked up and pointed yeah are the most
sexiest most flattering Oh bras because
I'm so everyone's boobs can look perky
mm-hmm and pointy
I see a trend
then so that's why we were brought and
that's why we suffer dang do you think
you would ever go braless are you part
of the is there a braless movement
alright there is right now action that's
oh yeah I always see hipsters in
downtown they're always walking around
with their nipples putting all over the
place haha do you ever see him I think
right now the hipster movement no girls
wearing bras yeah that's well that was
the video that I was watching us on you
about that that's what they were kind of
focused on how girls now there's like
this movement going on with your with no
bras and so what they're saying is that
now if you don't wear bras at your boobs
will end up being prettier like it's
better to not wear bras oh really that's
why there's this bra movement but then
there's a lot of girls that they have
like their own preference you know like
for me I like the support and I don't I
don't like feeling my boobs I'm just
waving around yeah do you think they'll
feel weird too for nipples just put it
point you up poking through the shirt
yeah for sure that's why like if I would
because there are some shirts and you
know where these like part there's like
so much crazy shit that goes into it so
there's these products now that it's
kind of like stinky yeah and so you put
it over your bra or your boob and so
it's like stuck to your tip and then you
kind of like tie it I think I've seen I
think Jill had that too yeah she she
ended up getting a pair and so recently
I got one cuz I have this I have a few
shirts I like they're back loose oh oh
so you can't have like a weird bra strap
in the back and I put it on like this is
weird
they're like just floating there and
it's like it's weird but you still feel
support uh if I tie it yeah but cuz you
also have an option to not tie and just
your boobs but the net thing is on top
of it so cover your new bowl so you have
like oh so at least your nipples aren't
like poking through the shot and then I
hate it too
and your skin is all sweaty because it's
been like there's a huge move on it it's
like having a plastic bag on your skin
the world is turning into a very weird
place hey babe what is all of this we
just played right now so we just
finished playing a super old super
traditional Mexican game called lot idea
and it's played exactly the same way
that you would play bingo so instead of
yelling bingo when you get four of a
kind I believe it's four four being I'm
not too sure um be ing oh I guess it's
fun yeah um the Wikipedia so history the
origin of the lottery can be traced back
in history the game originated in Italy
in the 15th century
oh what a New Spain Mexico in 1769 Oh
was a hobby an upper class all its upper
class game yeah and somehow we got our
tradition in Mexican fairs Josh can you
quiet down I'm trying to kill God
so yeah so basically you just like being
go instead of yelling on a number and a
letter you go la dama la bitches and
negative oh well that's a bad word no
it's not it's very endearing any time
you had eat though - it is brain oh so
it's like that's like saying y'all
what's up my little niggle it's what is
it like that it's endearing endearing N
word will sell my little niglet yeah so
I guess a pleasure and then these are
the car so like Ella Bache a casa Apache
yeah oh cool Valiente
here that you put a little bean the
Chinese guy yeah some some families like
to play with like raw beans yeah um or
uncooked oh you put beans on there yeah
oh is that why we played with the
freakin what are those stinky beans what
are they called bean boozled bean
boozled yeah so how did it make you feel
to play a childhood game it was awesome
as very nostalgic that's for sure and it
was nice to have liked it here who could
pronounce it very nice I was gonna say
churro but Rose pronunciation is it was
it wasn't the best it was it was worse
than a lot of non-spanish speakers here
at this table alright it's alright did
you feel like you had special chemistry
because you're with two other Mexicans I
did I felt like reppin Mexico hard I
fuck yeah did you want to break up with
me no okay why would I think that
because you don't like Mexicans once
they unite they just want to fuck
everything up how do you do oh yeah I
never been a Laker game or a Dodger game
yeah they just all of a sudden it's like
baseball turned them into these
politicians and they just want to start
beating people up for no reason no I
don't want to finalize it cuz you love
me I love you very much
awesome alright now it's time for you to
get punished so why you like what what
what am I getting punished for boozled
beans yeah mixed with some surprises Oh
God on JK party son of a motherfucking
wait for it
butoh click on JK party and find it lot
idea I'm at the new office now cuz we
just finished shooting just kidding
party and I still have a few more
meetings to go before the day is over
but I'm actually really tired because
just kidding party it requires you to
have super high energy so if you can
imagine like when you're making regular
content like I would say just kidding
news or vlogging or shooting a skit your
energy level isn't at its peak
I consider that like a jog when you're
doing just getting party because the
games are so wild your reactions are
super intense I feel like it's a sprint
so we pretty much do Sprint's from 10:00
a.m. all the way until 6:00 so now I'm
really tired by stuff a few more
meetings but good thing Sarah brought
some whopper girl he is the true MVP and
he always brings wobba girl for us
which is what we're all eating and these
guys are gathered around my desk because
on Tuesdays we have a couple of meetings
here in my office
the first one is barbell Brigade
University where a lot of these guys in
barbell Brigade productions they didn't
go to film school but they have the
drive so I'm trying to share the
knowledge that I have about film that
I've learned throughout the years with
them so that we can apply a lot of film
theory and a lot of film knowledge to
barbell Brigade productions which is
probably why one of the reasons why the
name and Evan have been able to grow
very quickly and they've been able to
create really really awesome content for
people that didn't go to film school
people see their work in the life fuck
your shit is fucking good and these are
this is coming from people that did go
to film school and then after that one
hour me you have another meeting about
barbell brigade productions which is the
channel on what content we should
maximize on and what we can do that grow
the channel then after that I meet with
Sarah and Ren who is the assistant
manager and then we focus on just gym
stuff you guys enjoy barbell Brigade
University what's something that you
guys learned that or first of all do you
feel like you're missing out by not
going to film school and second of all
do you feel like the things that you've
learned here has been able to help you
achieve what you want in your career
first Nadine I think I'm not missing up
duty they gotta learn from people that
are actually filming yeah I think like
most people I go to film school that
they're being taught from are people
that really didn't pursue film but just
learned it from film school themselves
and then but I think it's a great thing
that like a great to learn but everyone
got where the phones go telling me
there's
need to go to home school I think what
they think is the best thing to learn is
one of the best way to learn is by
actually filming what about you have and
you just pretty much dropped out of
school and he told your parent you told
your parents right they think all these
are reporters presently surprisingly for
Asian para yeah especially but I think I
was pretty not only methodical building
logical as well just because not only
was I in school like studying something
I didn't want to do I also knew that I
didn't want to do fill in my school and
have that to offer so I think kind of
taking this like career linked by path
they did almost put like a chip on my
shoulder not I'm for sure was more
motivated and more dedicated I know
there's a little bit more at risk but at
the same time I'm able to rely on my
support systems a lot more another there
for me so a full experience a little
more genuine as well that's awesome what
about you Sarah so Sarah he joined on
board he knows nothing about film and he
does have his own vlogs but he is the
gym manager what was the reason why you
even wanted to join in on the barbell
Brigade production meetings and then the
university meetings it's a great
question I thought to be like a valuable
team member for barber brigade I kind of
need to know what's going on all
throughout barbell yeah because I think
the information that I learned from here
will help me maybe be more creative at
the gym or be able to bring like he
valuable points to like different
meetings and I feel like the number one
thing that I learned through the barber
get production university is like
storytelling and
pretty much having a purpose in every
single video that like we put out and so
I feel like just these meetings alone to
kind of learn about like marketing being
more intentional with like even wearing
my clothes and videos and stuff and so
although I contribute nothing I feel
like I'm just absorbing a bunch of
information that's one thing I really
like about you Cyril is that even though
you only manage the gym there's so many
other tasks that you can't wait to jump
on and that just this is going to make
you a better manager later on
thank you I think one of the worst
things that they teach you in school
actually is they'll tell you okay once
you have this major you're guaranteed
this spot in film school or whatever
other industry out there and that is the
furthest they can get from the truth
especially in this day and age in this
day and age what's really important is
experience so businesses if you started
your own company in your entrepreneur
and Facebook will probably hire you on
the spot versus if you go oh you know
what I have a four year college degree
in business from whatever school they
might not care because where the fuck
doesn't have a college degree and so
that's the type of driver that I really
like about Sheryl is that he is a
constant spongeable actually Sarah on
the team and Evan they're constant
sponges and they're constantly learning
and that's what I feel like is really
attributing them to their growth and to
be able to have a full on a career
barbell so if you guys are really trying
to succeed hard some school is for some
people but if not the mentality of being
able to absorb everything keep an open
mind and willing to do anything that is
what's going to help you succeed so I'm
gonna eat and then I'm going to try not
to die during these meetings I'm really
really tired I'll see you guys tomorrow
do you see any time I get coffee in my
system I'm like
we don't have David here today so it's a
little bit off because we're used to
David's energy but it's all good I think
it was a little bit different because we
were doing a conference on the on the
webcams so the dynamic was a little bit
different but it's cool too because you
just give them time to speak they give
you time to speak in person
everyone's talking at the same time
almost so it's a little bit different
but
