pitch how do you feel cuz I think this
is pitch number four how do I feel
yeah I feel amazing do you feel the time
I get coffee in my system I'm like we
don't have David here today so it's a
little bit off because we're used to
David's energy but it's all good I think
it was a little bit different because we
were doing a conference on them on the
webcams so the dynamic was a little bit
different but it's cool too because you
just give them time to speak they give
you time to speak in person everyone's
talking at the same time almost so it's
a little bit different but yeah you know
what those me off is the leg you just
gotta wait and let you know you gotta
breathe cuz then you say something funny
and you're like okay that's gonna make
them Lots and then they don't react and
then three seconds later they laugh
where did we just come from we just came
from William Morris because this morning
we pitched our TV show to truTV and the
reason why we're at William Morris is
because truTV is in New York and the
producer that bats are showing boy pink
he is represented by William Morris who
are using their video conference room to
pitch the show via New York so that we
can get on the same page and hopefully
one of these TV shelves or one of these
TV networks will finally sign us and
throw a TV show for us I know that would
be an awesome dream come true cuz it's
like then we get to do a bunch of stuff
for you guys to watch and we get to take
it to the next level and it's gonna be
some shit that you've never seen before
yeah the biggest thing that I'm excited
about with like like I think at this
point everyone is viewing things on
demand online like people have HBO now
and that flicks hulu amazon there's so
many streaming platforms that TV and
online there isn't as huge of a
disparity as it before like we reported
like wow so TP that's huge now I feel
like TV and
are kind of like this they watch the
same thing on both laugh walks the
biggest thing that I'm looking forward
to is the TV networks they have a huge
production budget and infrastructure so
for example if we have like a crazy idea
where you want it David to wrestle a
real-life bear they have the resources
to get a bear handler so that both David
and the bear don't get hurt that bear
gets properly fed there's catering
there's little big as movie trucks where
everyone gets food and we get to shoot
things very comfortably very
professionally they know how to throw
like a thirty minute for one hour
content on the TV show where you won't
get more like there that's their
expertise like our expertise is like
three to ten minute videos and we do it
in a very intimate you know like
personal online vlog scale they know how
to do things like big and loud and they
have those like reality TV show
interviews what do you feel good before
you're about to get mauled by a bear and
then you have David like taking a shit
on himself and then the bear comes out
of nowhere at Aksum and then we could do
this like in some big redwood forest
somewhere so like that's the thing that
I'm really excited to take the ideas
that we all have but actually make it
come true creatively and also logistic
way so whenever pitch is this this is
all that we just did the one we just did
at William Morris
bitch number four I think before yeah
before so how is it how would you
compare peach number one to pitch number
four are you more comfortable are you
still kind of like I don't know what the
fuck is going on it's still kind of new
to me the pitches to me personally they
all kind of feel the same because to me
it's just like doing a show so we we
tweet tour and we do a lot of shows me
and Joe like we have a comedy show and
don't stand up comedy so it's just kind
of performing live it's live performance
and with live performance I have the
experience where every single crowd II
play it's gonna feel different the baby
you play you're gonna feel different
than demographic you play it's gonna
feel different that's the same thing you
know like I understand that some people
like some of the people who were
pitching to they're just gonna have more
energy laid-back
I'm used to it I'm used to just
understand that dynamic and of course if
we have someone that does awesome as the
guy at you TV today you play back with
us we're able to have a lot of back and
forth energy like that's always awesome
but sometimes we have to pull a lot of
shit out of your ass just a piece of
furniture like the last couple ones we
had I'm not too sure I forgot which TV
network do is that but if they just felt
really chill and they're more like pitch
me or show ideas yeah give it an energy
imagine this like this is the dynamic me
and Joe are married but really is that
you know like okay here's nothing we'd
like to do we like to jump out of an
airplane and David scared its wesker
shadow and then he's like and we don't
know you know and then like boy also
called is that sometimes the most hype
guy that gives you a lot of energy may
not sign it with sometimes the most
laid-back guy will sign this so we
really don't know we all we can do is do
our own part and let them feel the just
kinis energy life and have them see for
themselves and see what happens
true all right so we're grabbing lunch
right now we just have enough time to
stop at this little joint you know what
it's called
it just has a big thing organic this is
organic here I don't even know what that
means yes we're gonna grab something so
that we don't eat our freaking what is
that all yeah so we don't eat our brains
out we don't have food coma
I'm getting an organic juice just so I
could like booth something to you yeah
excited Street very well last night no
YS people you know I don't care I don't
care me and took me if I don't care and
she did it took me I don't doesn't tuck
me in both me sleep like shit and she
sleeps like shit me and she she in him
yeah anyway so I'm gonna eat now we're
gonna welcome
we're gonna prep for our next delivery
lo Sahara Dex took me forever enough
okay bye
now on to our second pitch today and
this one is
to be
just wrapped up all of our pitches with
reviews you guys saw and TBS and I felt
like they went pretty well so now we are
in it Little Tokyo and we're about to
have early dinner late lunch and there's
the thing so proud of these guys I don't
want did a great job everyone stepped up
to the plate was funny it was super
talkative I think they did a great job
can't wait to hear what all the people
that we're pitching to have to say to us
alright so I'm back at the office
and what's funny is I'm rushing this
much because I totally forgot that I had
scheduled
I'm meeting for 8 o'clock so I was on my
way to the gym when Byron sends me a
text message and it's like hey so are we
still meeting at 8 o'clock and this is
750 at this time I don't have any of my
laptop or my purse and then I was like
oh yeah I was literally on my way to the
gym it's a bus today you came back home
part like the opposite direction ran
upstairs got my shit and now I'm like
walking really fast like I was in the
Olympics right now I be killing it
that's the power walking shit and I'm
obviously not good in cardio because I'm
winded like a motherfucker but I think
it's like 801 right now so I'm even late
to my own meeting that I fuckin
scheduled but this is our secret now not
telling anyone and it's like it never
happened
but knowing me I'll probably oh no
typical like dude I'm fucking a loser
and I totally forgot so Peter kicks what
are some of your pet peeves my pet
peeves are I think one of my pet peeves
are people that get pissed off easily
for no big reason like for example like
I'll be driving
