if it looks like I just woke up it's
because I did because I was so tired I
had a really good workout but I'm just
exhausted I've had 12 to 14 weeks of
training leading up to the meet so far
and I haven't D loaded DLO it means
taking like a little break or reducing
the volume or intensity of the workout
instead the workout has been
increasingly more intense and even have
more volume although the last couple of
weeks I've been able to taper off a
little bit I'm just really tired today's
numbers are not even super heavy they're
just just to get my body used to moving
and not even pushing my body but I think
I'm just so exhausted especially since I
just did a random weight lifting me to
tires when I came home I showered I was
packing my stuff and I was supposed to
go to the office but I decided to take a
nap in I have that Liberty today because
I don't have any immediate meetings
which is cool because usually especially
with the last couple of weeks like
pitching TV shows and we're also
revamping some of the things on the Jay
King films channel there was just so
many Me's I had to go to that every
single hour was so jam-packed that even
sometimes I'm eating lunch and dinner
during the meetings because I don't have
time to eat lunch but today's a little
more chill no pitch meetings today I
only have one meeting and that's the
future fill meeting with Casey so I have
the time to kind of relax and all that
all right since I do have the time to
relax
instead of chilling on my phone or
anything like that I'm gonna take
advantage of it and take a little nap
and now I feel so much more recovered
and then that was only thirty minutes
like I didn't take like a two-hour nap
or anything but just 30 minutes helped
really recharge my batteries and I feel
really really good and I come out here
Wow
I love deals mom she's been assisting us
we've been paying her for helping us
with assistance that she did our laundry
and everything is nicely folded and when
she assists us it's really cool it's
actually a really mutually beneficial
situation because she's retired and she
was the one that was actually
complaining about we're not complaining
but she was saying that at home she
feels kind of
only because her husband is also retired
but they should still take he still
takes random projects just to stay sharp
and to keep himself busy so at her I
mean whom I'm still waking up as you
could tell at home sometimes she kind of
runs out of things to do which is born
and it actually gives her some purpose
to come here and help us out and helps
us out because we're on the opposite
side of the spectrum where they've they
were tired so they're done putting in
all their work and they're trying to
relax now for us because we're still
hustling there are more things that we
can do then we have the time to do so
because of that it was a super mutually
beneficial situation for Jill's mom to
help assist us and we can pay her so
that's an extra earnings for her on top
of a retirement so it's just super
win-win look at these guys oh you guys
love the a/c huh on the bed
you little kini potatoes you guys are so
cute fun is laying by herself but most
of the time at home she's usually laying
with brie this is actually that are you
it she what the hell this is actually
one of the first times I see fondly and
by herself and brigly and by herself and
meatloaf is in the middle he wants to
hang out but there's no bed where's the
other bed meatloaf where is it
where'd you put the bed oh it's right
there did you put the bed there so you
can stare outside and park out all the
bad people these guys are freaking cute
but and they're really really friendly
but in the morning people walk their
dogs and so they walked by that window
and then what ends up happening is that
like 7 a.m. they start barking like
crazy and it wakes me up so every single
morning I have to open the door and let
them back in because I think it's just
the guard dog in there and the DNA of
German Shepherd so I've although I
didn't train them to be a guard dog it's
just in their DNA so when they see
people walking by or something I think
when they're at home they feel the need
to defend it well doing others just
smelling a speaker randomly what are you
doing
dude you lay in the living room all day
and now just going around smelling
random things Jill's mom calls him the
inspector because he's always like
inspecting everything every time Jill
Jill's mom leaves she says that meatloaf
comes up to her smells her pockets and
her purse to make sure she didn't steal
anything which is awesome meatloaf
because Jill's mom is Mexican and we
know Mexicans love to steal look how
excited these guys get okay right when I
was trying to prove a point Mesa runs
away but look how excited these guys get
as soon as they get a small tiny hint
that we're gonna be going out let's see
let's see what happens so I'm gonna open
this door they know they're Alicia's in
here I'm open this door and watch how
crazy they get okay opening the door
we're gonna go man you guys are making
me look bad you guys don't even care how
come you were getting so excited earlier
you guys always get excited where's
meatloaf at I just want to relax you
guys want to go out fine are you guys
sure you guys show you don't wanna go
I'm gonna grab your guys's leashes oh my
god oh oh oh look who's coming oh no the
cars I didn't get it's time to go out
you guys know what time it is huh you
freaking cute little munchkins oh my
goodness elope are you going running in
circles
hey Bonnie what a freaky doll Ricky oh
there you are you guys are running in a
big old circle all right you guys ready
okay you guys are so happy it actually
makes me happy to see how happy take it
which is why I love taking them to the
office because I know like deep down
inside and disk goes for all dogs all
they want to do is just be with their
master or their owner and they don't
really care they actually care about
being with you all day more than walks
and treatment stuff look at those guys
are freaking going bananas you guys are
going crazy whoa
okay but I'm gonna put up the leash on
you guys watch I'll set up the camera
over here it's time to go out
so who the son of a bitches that brought
this to the office but I'm so fucking
happy someone brought 85° there's an
entire box of it at the front and I also
grabbed the black coffee to go with that
I don't know who it is but I came in
with meatloaf he always likes to hang
out in the office I'm not too sure we're
farm or brig he is fine usually one
straight to Gio's room
you should get scared she's just hiding
over there and then bring is just awful
max in some place but someone some nice
son of a bitch brought community 85
degrees
oh my goodness look at that and this is
the perfect day for me because number
one I didn't have time to get lunch yet
I told you I would just order lunch and
I have it deliver it and I'll eat during
my meetings and number two because I'm
not cutting waiting anymore for my meat
I'm just gonna stick to doing 220s
I can actually enjoy life a little bit
before I actually go on a hard cut and I
don't know what Michaels doing but he
keeps staring I mean I could save him
the corner of my eye I think it's
watching porn I was getting ready to
pull his pants down to his ankles so
he's plugging in his laptop to make sure
that it's well charged there this guy I
don't know what the hell he's doing
but yeah so I'm so happy someone brought
85 oh there's breaky behind the breaky
end up and the meeting with Gio Casey
and Byron what the hell how did you get
in there
where's your sister fun bricky freaking
silly goose you're so cute
hey Michael do you know who brought the
eighty-five degrees
it was Charlie Charlie Oh
oh cool yeah hey Charlie
you brought the 85 degrees today thank
you
that was actually perfect so Charlie you
guys don't know who he is he's a really
really strong 12 year old and he goes to
Notre Dame and for the summer he was
interning for go-for-broke did you learn
a lot you did thanks for bringing the
85° which one did you go to oh cool
they're freaking expanding all over the
place you know that there's one in
downtown now - yeah yeah you know the
Chinese port that looks like yeah yeah I
love that stuff yeah so how did we first
meet I think a lot of people they they
go and they they're like wait how did he
get to intern for gopher frog or how
does he get to intern for JK and they
don't understand like same thing with
Nadeem right like he came on and he was
working for Barbara Brigade and now he's
like the official director and editor
how did we first meet oh I went to I I
went to the first formal review location
three years ago yeah it's like maybe
like the first month of its opening yeah
super tiny like a garage like absolutely
impossible to find
hey you no need to say all that it was
it was cute and cozy
yeah that wet and like I really wanted
to visit I went after like a college
interview and then I met you I'm its
arrow and then I met geo and then yeah
and then I'll like come buy whatever I
can and I kind of got to know like you
and like Sarah like is are very
welcoming like first time I met bar he
was in as a fucking underwear I was your
under eye training yeah before though
before worked out I think we're just
changing I think we just got to train
together sometimes like Sarah like would
trim with you and then like I wanted to
train with Sarah and then he ended up
like letting me come to a train together
because we robot always been around the
same way like ever since you're part of
don't you like bulk up to like one night
need something yeah yeah yeah so and
then we're like a bob to save strength
like working together like it wasn't
time except you squat like 100 pounds
well you bench like 50 pounds more than
me so I rather have a strong squad so
and then what happened now you go to
school at Notre Dame and you get to come
back every summer yes so I'm gonna be a
junior in Notre Dame gonna be a junior
yeah oh shit you got two years left
damn I so fast cuz when I first met you
I was like what a high school senior
yeah I think you told me you went to
Whitney or something yeah well I gotta
kick that off like a year I took I took
the entrance exam to Whitney bite and
get in that's like 16 yeah my mom my mom
wanted to kick my ass she's like what
all good kids go there if you don't get
in there you're fuckin America better
get into it yeah yeah
in college I'm like a business major so
this is like a really good internship to
do what for bro calm but we stop you
check it out awesome
they taught you well that's awesome
let's see where founds that bet finds it
Gio's room right now she's usually
hiding Oh what did I tell you guys don't
fit of funds waiting for you to get out
of the meeting see that's kind of the
story of how like our team gets together
it usually happens really really
organically kind of like I feel like the
way we can work together or if you want
to be a part of JK or Bardot Brigade or
go for broke any of that stuff it it
happens like the way you would date a
girl so when you when you want to date a
girl the normal way is me keep it
organic become friends and constantly be
in that person's vicinity without being
thirsty and to upfront and slowly like
the people's interests and the people's
characteristics will come out oh cool
this person is pretty cool and then you
guys get together and then that's how
people become boyfriend/girlfriend right
like in a extremely shortened version
and generalized version of what happens
and that's kind of how people become
part of barbell brigade and also golfer
broker Charlie and the game they used to
just come out of the gym and they
weren't weirdo so he just came by the
gym they just started training and then
they didn't like immediately see someone
famous long ago that our famous do train
at that bar over it and they don't just
immediately like become super fan girl
excuse me excuse me Caprice - typically
- and then immediately have a resume
printed out and then like try to apply
it so like Christian guzmán gym or
Omar's gym or something trying to be
like Steve cooks internally no one does
that like everyone they just you know
they just started training they find a
common interest and slowly like one
thing I noticed about Charlie is that
he's very diligent he goes to really
good school in ordered a and what's a
really good high school Whitney and I
school that you actually have to take
the test to get into it was actually
really smart and I see the way that he
pushes at powerlifting meets and he has
a lot of heart and he trains hard and so
looking for an internship it's much
easier to go with someone that's already
on my radar I'm like oh you know what
Charlie was actually looking to be an
intern and learn about business and
stuff so when Michael is okay I need an
intern to help me with a bunch of stuff
all that dude you want a head of your
Charlie and if you're Charlie boom
passed with flying colors and we already
know each other and it's much easier
that way than to put out like a a
posting where we get like thousands and
thousands of people wanting to be
interns and there's no personal
connection to know who they are so for
those of you guys that are looking to
intern or be a part of something greater
when you guys do try to I guess not
insert yourself that sounds kind of like
great but when you guys try to not apply
yourself you know what's the proper when
you guys try to like get involved in
these companies that you want to try to
do it in the most organic way possible
don't just show up at the doorstep of
the owner of
obey the clothing company and have your
suitcase next to you and be like hey I
moved out here from Virginia and I want
to show you how ambitious I am so if you
don't hire me I'm gonna be homeless I'm
gonna sleep on your sidewalk here's my
resume that's not how it works what you
probably want to do is try to get
acquainted with the Obey clothing
company staff see how you could get
involved go to a wedding house sale and
start getting involved that with a
little pop-up shops and slowly work your
way up because that's how it happens
organically and Charlie was able to do
that in today is his last day and
brought 85 degrees and it's again a
win-win situation for everybody
mom no my Brougham dinner after a long
night and I see the drinks next to my
bears tittays you big hear me you little
lifesaver what you bring I know but my
momma does nice things for me and takes
care of my little tum-tums it makes me
feel like someone really loves me do you
love me what do you do that takes care
of me everything like what everything
like like know what sucks
what son got bored because all my mom
doesn't know that he gets bored so she
when she like cleans up over here yeah
um she tends to get all their two little
chew toys and she puts them away so one
of the days that she put them away
um he got a little too bored and this we
did what did he do he did this to our AC
remote control and do you think now we
can't even turn it off and bye son who
do you mean do you mean meatloaf or do
you mean that fun or braggy got a sex
change I mean specifically any freaking
bit our remote yeah son of a bitch well
we just got to keep it on because we
know how hot California is I know but
it's not
for the ACA to be on like a million
hours I think this is what it's meant
for like a million hours of the day yes
yes cuz well it's meant for 24 hours a
day but when we kept the plastic on it
though I think if it all really does it
no it looks brand new
yeah RI all speaking by holes fuckin
don't prick fucking meatloaf or bricky
and fine with the sex change no you know
who it is don't even defend him I just
love them I know look he could have
killed himself
PETA uh I think he's trying to do kill
zone do you think he's trying to kill
himself he loves living with us what are
you talking about why would he OD on all
his fucking medications kill herself why
is he trying to swallow batteries doe
himself maybe he's just one of those
slutty college girls that look like they
want to kill themselves but they're just
trying to party and have a good time or
something what's going on in your head
what are you talking about what Hey look
what I'm saying have to do it being
horny what are you talking about
are you horny you're just asking me
weird questions no are you ambitious
right now well that's what college girls
do they freakin get all irresponsible
consume consume all kinds of freakin
substances and on the verge of killing
themselves but you also didn't have them
it's not that call all my god is there
snow there's no snow why do you pretend
like there's snow everywhere all of a
sudden this french fries no but all of a
sudden you're not cold yeah stop eating
my goddamn french fries what you're
gonna be a fir your damn eyebrows at me
Oh what so I was ordering this right
yeah I'm the guy that um is taking my
order yeah I pull up to the window to
pay and he's Asian right yes I give him
the card he goes oh my god
it's you and you're eating McDonald's
awesome yeah Bart that's all tight yeah
and then we took a picture together like
you do this helped you know though
that's not awesome that all of our
inside jokes are so known to the point
where even McDonald's workers now see
you eating me down as you love
McDonald's a big freakin butt Gucci face
oh shit
damn now I'm turned on that's not a jack
part off these two right here
yeah yeah damn you're weird all tight
why all I'm doing is freaking supporting
what you have to say to keep firing a
goddamn eyebrows no kind of dad step
freaking shoulder shake dance of that
you are the fucking weirdest person I
know I swear that is Museum and grab
them enough know why didn't you order
your own goddamn fight I ordered large
hey hey I ordered large on purpose cuz I
want a lot of fries I'm freaking putting
these away
you're freaking these are my goddamn
fries I ordered large on purpose if I
wanted to share I wanted to order extra
large god dammit you kidding me
don't touch my goddamn my fries next to
the TV
don't touch my goddamn fries right next
to TV I'm gonna start eating I'm gonna
start eating before she freakin steals
on my food good night everybody
pita cakes what are some of your pet
peeves my pet peeves are I think one of
my pet peeves are people that get pissed
off easily for no big reason like for
example like I'll be driving
