why would you get creamed or slyness
I watch your channel dear hey what's up
mark yeah why what happened
not this to me what is that from he
abuses people too much editing
he's on roid rage obviously all the time
too much editing all right Colonel I
thought I was a teenager and I was and I
was skimboarding and I felt bad
oh no like though you're not a teenager
anymore so very very much not no
skateboarding is like on a shore of the
beach not like in the water but you're
like this way yes it's like very OC and
I thought I was trying to cool right
Julia's calling me but you didn't even
grow up in the OC I know I'm a fraud
yeah sure what did you eat
Julia Graham pills sound bond of what
about Emma Emma Emma up up
I'm just getting here okay both of you
guys are jerks
you just think everyone's a jerk yeah
yeah pardon you're here your bosses are
very upset huh Susan she's just doing
her job she always calls people like
before Hannah because a lot of our a lot
of the cast and a guest they always come
late so she just needs to check up on
people I'm on time because I needed my
touch-ups so he just touch-ups babe I
mean I'm gonna go in no go yeah go in
that'd be cool I could
it could finally make Phil look like a
teenager again Oh like when he first
started you two now we're all did you
ever see the roast of Anthony I know he
just he just has like men period what
are you talking about we roasted Anthony
because it deserves it now David roasted
Anthony because they didn't win yes is
he walking about like how he was at a
red light and then a fan gets out and
then he's like me you think but why you
need a widow well we're good friends so
it's okay I mean it's true though yeah
Oh roasted Anthony yeah so it should
only be why he's here um and then David
Haye and then uh well no I mean that's
just you're in the roasting mood right
now I'm not gonna roast a mood
I never roast today I mean if we're in
that mood I mean I I got ammo sure you
do with you I mean look at look at you
guys I mean look at me
was it that's true to fill these holes
whatever do I see your other office on
here there's a hole here
I suck at roasting you guys deposit for
this place is like that I know for sure
it's not yeah we gave that up years ago
that pear is not there because it's cute
at the same time good morning hey
there's another way let's uh feel like
safe I don't want to lose you guys
well anyone is out oh really we make too
much noise but our office almost done I
think in in like a week or two be nice
does it feel weird to come back here and
be like yeah yeah we film there every
Tuesdays and Thursdays it actually feels
pretty cozy though as we did so much
here so it's like there's a sentimental
value here for sure so Joe yeah like
this was I remember when you guys first
up well wait a minute
kind of like you know when you have that
car that you have so many memories with
it's like that first car you ever bought
yeah and then you're gonna get the
really nice upgrade car that's brand new
and you're like when I lose this car but
then after you're like I get scars piece
shit I don't have that feeling yet
because I'm not jakey so I'm gonna
update my car yet but you have a house
oh what's your gonna it's not a house
this is it does some things you own
property see I can't drive my property
though you don't need to you could bang
bitches in your property I know Phil
begs bitches I know Waffle gets mad
groupies that's so mm I mean we gave up
there's just too many holes wait this
one looks like a wiener all you want to
but I'm the one guy that hits a stud
okay I'm great right the other hand all
these other times has been firing for
some reason the one time I try it was
nothing um they also got real swords
this is the obviously not a real sword
and then they wanted a challenge that
movie scene where they stabbed through a
wall it always happens in the movies
where they someone stabs through the
wall or shoots through the wall or
something well they did it and it's true
they did it do it while over there
through the offices but um if we don't
died though so it's not really a
confirmation what do we almost it it was
good that was with something else
oh it was yeah we're never safe in this
house another test like what about so
the next the next Jay came you said like
are you guys gonna have like walls then
yes and just keep breaking these you
know or is it like a rule of no more
breaking no more breaking cuz that set
is like set materials so you could
probably blow on it too hard and not
breaking Oh Julie are you Savior yeah
what do you have in your head Oh what
are you talking about it you have your
own coffee you get my coffee the
Tommy apple-pie egg-white the light the
Nile dollar item she's just in denial I
forgot to order it's about time
come on look how Maddie's getting in
here for so long yeah it's not in turn
the forever enter the interns anyone
that want their did you get egg white
well yeah anyone did you all right so
it's Olympics right now right yes and I
know you guys are you guys sort of are
into like you know powerlifting we're
sort of really Olympic athletic yeah um
I guess I guess I have a question of
Alan Bart Olympic only part all in the
gym I have a question about Olympic
weightlifting like that good without
sport at the end of the day it's just
whoever can lift the most there's
actually a strategy from what I heard
what is this okay what's the strategy
because at the end of the day like it
doesn't matter what because everyone has
the same bar it's not like you know like
other sports were that your equipment
kind of matters or like you have a
teammate that matters yeah it's really
just whoever can lift the most every
every four years people come up and I I
can lick more than the other person
actually there is a strategy because so
one of my friends just got into it and
there's kind of like the gameday antics
and so how that works is every lift that
you have like the snatch and the clean
and jerk every attack you have three
attempts right like you have your first
attempt that's usually super easy
they're gonna kill it and then you move
up in a little bit of weight and then
the third one you're usually trying to
break a world record or something like
that so these guys what they do is
they'll set their first attempts and
then like let's say you have 20 lifters
they set the order of the lifters in
order of what their attempts are so the
guy with the lightest amount attempts
goes first the guy with the heaviest one
goes last so you kind of figure out okay
who's coming in kind of strong but the
thing is when someone puts in their
second attempt they can completely try
to fuck you and they can go well
actually I trick you I'm actually coming
in really strong I purposely lifted
light the first attempt and then they
put it heavy and then they saw that that
reorganizes everything but also when
you're about to
up and lift they can once again go and
say I'm gonna change my second attempt
and now who's ever weight is on the bar
and they couldn't change it fast enough
they have to do it immediately
okay so there's like this game day like
changing the weights around antics but
then like so basically I mean I guess
it's kind of like running to like you
already know how much you can lift all
these people come in already knowing
right so it's kind of almost like
decided even before you go in I've seen
really because there's so many variables
like what like the equipment from one
everyone has the same equipment they do
but then um you're also performing in
front of judges so it's like now is it
like are you gonna be nervous like are
you is it something happened prior to
that that's gonna get it to your to your
like removed out of your regular
training environment that's super
comfortable that everything's super
controlled so that also plays a really
huge factor and sometimes you have
people that this is their first Olympics
ever and they could be like completely
nervous and like make a really stupid
metal are there other people like to
save the people on your guys and meats
that can lift more than that more than
them not not anything that I've seen in
real life there's a couple IIF there's
oh I am so why don't why can't because
at the end of the day it's something so
quantify was just cooking with more so
why isn't that guy I think one because
it's two different sports so
powerlifting you compete in the squat
bench and deadlift so those are the
three lifts that you you focus on
Olympic weightlifting they focus on the
clean-and-jerk and snatch so the lifts
are way different but the part where you
can kind of compare the strengths are
when they actually train for the squad
cuz both of them they have to squat in
training bottom at the deadlift and
training and then that's where you see
like the weight disparity yeah but also
like just because someone can squat 500
pounds um and that's the absolute max
that doesn't mean they can squat 500
pounds 10 out of 10 times oh so there's
a skill factor and also game day
performing factor which is why I like to
the store variable there's a lot of
variables game day there's a lot yeah
and there's even times where they'll
miss load something and then you're like
are cool you think you're gonna do the
weight that you got to do and then you
go do it and they're like oh shit it's
actually heavier or lighter you actually
have to do it again so there's so many
things that can go wrong
or happen because whatever your strength
is like let's say your Mac squat is 500
pounds that's if you execute it like
perfectly and if you don't then you're
gonna fail the weight so same thing with
these guys a lot of times but you'll see
the first and second attempts they don't
really feel it but they will fail
they're thirds because they're because
they're like overshooting either
overshooting or the weight they've done
before but they just could have nailed
the form in that day is it kind of like
also like crisis right like someone
could go oh you just did 500 I'm gonna
do 501 yeah
and that's but then the person that went
that did 500 if you got it well I could
have put an extra pound - yeah yeah but
that that's part of your strategy so
like recently there's this Chinese guy
Lu Xiaojun
he hit a world-record snatch so
everyone's are for sure he's gonna win
gold this year because snatch is the
first um the first lift he competed
against I think a Kazakh guy and then
the Kazakh guy pulled some antics on him
and he ended up taking gold so that guy
end up taking so exactly like that
there's also psychological thing to
words like if you see someone do it in
your second you already know that that's
possible so you can so you kind of had a
psychological thing where you can put
them more and be like I can do that -
there's a psychological effect yeah
that's yeah beating fun sure they say
your sport was basic and it's just
lifted no I could live this Cup I mean
it's not it's like I know that every
sport they're like I mean there's also
like your fucking speed water some of
you have it okay but like everyone I
believe that to be good at anything to
be an Olympic level everything there has
to be variables obviously a layperson
doesn't really know about so I think
that's what I or someone that doesn't
lift doesn't know about exactly exactly
you should escape ahahaha you're so I'm
not what you always say that one more
question what is it go sir all you do
don't you see his fucking chiseled look
at this waiting do anything I really got
this man already
oh do you have any more questions oh
fuck oh you know it is wrong I think
also um I think like the because it
doesn't look like that much sometimes
obviously like because you know like
there's like some people like
you know that just like one one plate
can be like 2002 do you like a kilo
plate so it's really thin yeah something
so like but obviously these things are
like super heavy so like like it looks
like when I look at that like I just see
the size and this is super dumb I know
but like you see like the size of the
plate oh I've seen deal with them that
you probably have right but so you're
being racist towards the weights yes I'm
being a beard Waits's your waist is
places you're judging the colors hello
hi
wait pretty soon as they sound like
shoes oh oh what's going on my baby huh
fuck what is their relationship talk
home to have a decock leg whatever
whatever it keeps the marriage going
yeah thanks a lot for me I do normal
shit I already asked her hey baby I have
to throw this piece of trash away you're
not gonna make it I didn't even ask you
there are three trash cans over there
white one you think I'll make it ya know
bounce it off why wouldn't throw it in
the back one he's not athletic he
doesn't know what he's talking about me
why you are so gay brick wall you're
making into the white one go just cuz
you think you own a gym with barn i'ma
go I don't care what you sayin my name
is on that shit you suck your way to
face oh did you make it what the fuck
you crazy-ass bitch shit I can't for the
rebound yeah it fell off the rim and it
fell oh oh did you try to bank it off
the well I was just gonna swish it Thank
You officer see that this is why
motivation and encouragement is so
important to that's why you not you're
not a success what you should because
you have this person is driving me duh
she's it you he okay
remove yourself in this
Wow Phil you just got here yeah what the
hell and he's more supportive than your
average is you know you do this you put
it down from you was that like the
Japanese thing where they just put the
put the oh you kill yourself in this
wall you're getting Asia to understand
probably gonna start cookin cutting
carne asada or like start gardening or
something it would have been funny if
you didn't stutter would have been
planned you almost had it
people still over laughing yeah Oh face
image camera
I'm a potato it is now
nighttime as you can see from outside
and we finished just kidding news how's
your mind is it tired oh hell yeah it's
super tired right now I'm just like at
the end of every session I'm always
brain-dead like I don't want to think
about anything I just want to look at
pictures and points I'm starving like I
think they get extra hungry when I have
to think so a lot I'm exerting so much
energy and then my stomach starts
crawling and I don't like I'm done I
don't want to think I want to point out
person take this what's the most
memorable article that we did today to
you oh man you're asking about memory
game stuff there's let that just
straight out there's nothing that was
just like man oh that was a really cool
article we did today so we do about 40
articles in one session
yeah so I can't tell what I did
there's one I could tell you right off
the bat what's a lot to me also there's
all right so there's one where's the
grandpa that was caught jacking off at
the kiddie pool I submitted that article
I did so that was that one Palestine
there was like the manchild one where
there's like thirty different things
that determines if you're a man-child
boyfriend or not that was a horrible one
and then there's the last one we did
which is kind of dark and it was about
the Indonesian murder were there anyone
that stood out to you now you're like
well I was really cool that's
interesting one that stood out to me
that's sort of kind of applying more
more as I get older yeah was how were
the value of a hundred dollars depending
on the state that you minute that one's
really interesting super interesting
because I discovered or I found out
through this article that a hundred
dollars
why like $84 $100 in like Mississippi is
worth 100 in like $14 so your your your
money goes a long way in Mississippi
versus Hawaii and then they took into
consideration like taxes yeah the
standard of living how much the average
household income is it took all that
into consideration and then California
New York were a month as you guys may
have guessed one of the ones where your
$100 doesn't really go that far but I
can't imagine if you're somewhere else
the Hawaii part kind of sucks because I
feel like the prices it's so high
because everything has to be imported
yeah and also there's a lot of tourism
yeah so there are a lot of people that
have money that go there yeah but then
the locals themselves they don't make
that much yeah that's very true like I
know like a lot of a lot of the states
the average medical professional you
make like a hundred grand plus yeah I've
heard of doctors or usually at the top
of the medical food chain they make
maybe like 80 or 90 over there that's
crazy and they're like god you're the
one saving life yeah they're like the
gods of the hospital that's crazy
yeah that's what I said out
definitely struck four because it was
like there were these two best friends
that were like best friends for like
seven years
we don't know because the court case is
still going on they had some sort of
falling-out one of the girls I guess
wanted revenge is what they're thinking
but again support still going on that
she poured in coffee drink yeah friend
she and her friends a drink and
obviously the Sinai was done behind the
friends bad when the front wasn't there
and then the friend drank it and within
two minutes the friend died that one is
pretty crazy I also really like the
article that talked about relationships
because sometimes the points are like
super obvious you're like duh but it's
also cool to just kind of remind
yourself that that is something you
should be a little bit more like
selfless or something like that we get
into this autopilot mode because we know
each other so well that I think just the
facial expression kind of tells you like
okay he's good he's bad or she's happy
she's sad and we don't really think
about it too much it's like ah fuck okay
she's got a face and we try to fix that
real quick and you don't really try to
get to the bottom of things below like
okay if I like massage her this way or
you know give her a problem in this way
five minutes over Thalia we'll move on
with that that's kind of like sweeping
things under the rug so yeah you're
right when you hear these articles it
does kind of like put things into
perspective a little bit and it reminds
you that you should be kind of putting
it a little bit and some of the more
basic minded like step one step two step
three or list of goals it kind of
reminds me also how much more advanced
we are in our relationship now I know
that's real life because you're like oh
wait that's some because before you but
Madison junior high shit yeah when
you're in high school
yeah when you're in college you're like
that's some junior high or high school
shit yeah and then later when you're
like a working professionally that's in
college high school or junior high shit
yeah and then you go that's an early
relationship shit exactly
but now that we're married and we've
been through a lot of roller coasters
like emotional our relationship roller
coasters like I can see that entire
journey that people have to go through
that some junior high high school early
college early relationship engaged in
our shit and I'm sure like some of the
stuff that we go through our parents
like that's some early marriage shit I
don't know shit thank you
all right what they're like dance but
Bansha we never went together that's
true okay your mom did say that I am the
best thing that ever happened to you and
that she's so thankful that I'm in her
life and now she can die happy knowing
that I take care of you I mean are you
calling your mama like I'm not calling
her a liar
I think that's very great because I love
that the people that I love are getting
along so that for me is like more than
what I can ask for but I think she's
also a very codependent person yeah
she's not very strong
so because of that she she panics that
she thinks that her daughters are like
her and we're not so I mean I'm happy
she's relieved but I'm like also
thinking like oh like you tripping I'm
going to be cool regardless fun with the
mannequin
but again I'm happy that she loves
I love her too I love you
yeah I just got back home and what do I
come home to dah dah dah dah dah the
camper got installed on the truck while
I was gone the camper if you guys don't
know the campers that's that shell in
the back and this is gonna be my mobile
dog mobile or bail mobile and now I no
longer need the kennels because now I
just open that thing in the dogs have
all kinds of space and they even have
windows and event and I know you can't
see shit right now because it's hella
dark and it's at night so I'll show you
guys this the camper later on tomorrow
in the vlog but I'm super excited and
thank you to Ma who is a Gio's mom
because she's art assistant right now
because she's retired and we thought
it'd be cool if we paid her for her to
do some extra stuff around the house cuz
she wants to and she's just kind of
bored and one of the things that she did
was help get my camper installed today I
ordered over a month ago and it came in
and now we're able to double dick dildo
where while I was shooting JK news the
camper was able to get installed on the
truck so I don't have to wait until the
weekend on the weekend I can do more
shit so because of having my my life my
life is more full I get to have more
things done and I get to see her so much
more cuz she stops by almost every other
day now and it is awesome I love seeing
her thank you mom for hooking it up it
is installed and better done for the
burn more tomorrow
Peter kicks what are some of your pet
peeves my pet peeves are I think one of
my pet peeves are people that get pissed
off easily for no big reason like for
example like I'll be driving
