what up guys welcome to another episode
of Q&A where you ask me anything and
this time the questions are from
instagram and i'm joined with none other
then myself because next time Jill is
gonna do a Q&A on her own on to the
questions
Trevor six six one asks do your tattoos
have any meaning to them so these two
are actually two different tattoos and
this one is inspired by the Polynesian
form of tattooing that design itself but
just the idea of it so when I first got
into tattoos I read that in ancient
Samoa what the family tradition was
would be the head of the household which
is usually the grandpa they would tattoo
the family tree onto the kids are 17
years old and that was kind of like a
rite of passage and they would put the
family pedigree on their legs and after
they hand tattoo them they would throw
them into the sea to kill all the germs
and that's how you knew when you landed
on the island of Samoa who the men were
and who the kids were because all the
men had the family pedigree tattooed on
your leg all right dude that's so
fucking dope how come I don't have a
family pedigree and because I was
inspired by that I wanted to do a
Chinese version for myself excuse me so
if you look at my tattoo the back
actually has a tiger and here there's a
dragon and that's because my dad is born
in the year of the tiger and my mom is
born in the year of the dragon and they
came together had lots of sex and they
made me and my Chinese name is one shoe
home and shoe home means Rising Sun
which is why there's a Sun coming out of
the mountains and the Chinese people are
also known as the bamboo people we're
actually all Asian people are known as a
bamboo people and so I have bamboo here
and one of the significance of bamboo
for Asian people is one bamboo is very
very strong but it's still flexible it
doesn't snap like wood and that also
shows that as strong as bamboo gets when
it does get huge it still bends over and
about so it shows humility
so there's actually a lot of metaphors
and bamboo which is why I really really
liked it down here this is the Battle of
Thermopylae which is the historical
battle that the movie 300 is based off
of and I just really really like that
fighting spirit where it's against all
odds 300 Spartans win against I think a
million Persians and they were like I
don't give a fuck I'm a fight I'm gonna
throw down this is my country this is
sparta what's up and I might do that as
dope and that's the type of mentality
that I want to have so those are two
kind of inspiring things that create the
entire story on my left I'm next
question
the time is nigh if you could go back in
time and change one thing about your
high school life what would it be and
why this was so easy because I think
about this all the time so when I went
to high school I went during a time
where it was super gang infested and
everything was gay you know like soccer
was gay theater was gay choir was gay
everything was fucking gay and because
of that everyone wanted to fit in and no
one wanted to be gay they didn't mean
homosexual gay just meant like it was
stupid or like why would you even do
something like that and because of that
I think naturally I wanted to be in
drama and I really enjoyed singing and
when I used to watch the school plays
during the assemblies Soto I want to be
a Wizard of Oz but because it was such a
machismo era I didn't want to be gay and
be like the Scarecrow but now when I
think back on my how the fuck does that
even matter why why do I have to let
other people would dictate what I want
what I should have done was just have
more security and myself have more
self-confidence and self-esteem like you
know what I don't give a fuck what the
fuck you guys think i'ma be in the
motherfucking play and I'm gonna sing so
if I can go back in time in high
that's what I would have done took out
all this stigma or stereotype of
whatever and just did what my heart
desired and not worried about what other
people thought Daniel can - asks would
you like for your children to follow the
same career you guys did Thanks please
um honestly I thought about this a lot
and I think as parents you always kind
of wish that your children follow what
you do because it's easier to teach them
it's easier to guide them and need to
pass on a lot of valuable insight about
your career but I don't want to make the
same mistake that my parents did which
was my parents put on the goals that
they want on me and didn't really give
me the freedom to choose what I want to
do because of that there was like a very
rebellious phase in my life and I don't
want to have that so what I'm gonna try
to do I feel like the responsibility of
a parent is to kind of put forth all the
variety of interests that are available
to the child let them pick and see which
ones that they want to do and you just
kind of nurture the tree because you
never know you might have an artistic
kid you might have a academically
inclined kid you might have a business
kid then I think it's wrong for the
parent to kind of put expectations on
the kid of what they want that they
should let the kid be what they want if
the kid wants to be a swimmer and wants
to be a football player it's up to the
kid and you just nurture it and that's
hopefully what I do get quick asks how
far do you have to be pushed to fight
I guess he means fistfight see this is
tough
so back in high school I used to fight
especially junior year I probably fought
two or three times a day
and I went to a boarding school that was
a military school so we were together 24
hours and it would be secret fights in
the shower secret fights in the room
secret fights in the locker room it was
like super masculine like dick-measuring
contest type of school so people threw
down all the time I got into a lot of
fights as a kid and my love for fighting
it just kept going from there so even in
college and I went Club me I got into a
lot of stupid club fights and then I got
us an MMA like I just enjoy fight
culture and the sport of fighting not so
much even like for being an idiot or a
douchebag but I just really enjoyed
fighting like the sport of combat right
and so now I still love it which is why
I watch it a lot and maybe I don't
practice it anymore and so I think for
most people they view fighting as your
violent barbarian or they're a douchebag
but there's also the third part which is
a sport so the sport part I agree with I
think violence now as a mature adult
I think violence doesn't solve anything
so nowadays I probably would not fight
for any reason like it if someone wanted
to step to me I'd let you know what I'm
sorry like my dad I'm sorry for wrong
and you and I have no problem backing
away
apologizing lowering myself to kind of
de-escalate the situation I think the
only time I would fight is if my anger
got the best of me and I lose
self-control and usually that would
probably happen if my loved ones got
hurt or if I saw someone that was
vulnerable get picked on or something I
think that might anger me but other than
that for myself it's really hard to
anger me to the point where I want to
fight someone because I feel like it
doesn't solve anything and I'm just not
that type of person anymore
but I really enjoy the sport of fighting
so if I was ever in an MMA gym and
someone wanted to spar I'm always down
as far any time but I don't fight for
stupid reasons like I did next question
then Shin FTW for the win what is power
bear and
my best favorite memory shared together
oh you thought it was gonna be popular
and marvered together but it's just pop
air and what is Bob Eric's favorite
memory with Marberry plop it asked this
question again when it's just geo my
favorite memory you know we've been
together for so long for eight plus
years there's just so many memories and
a lot of them they're really clustered
together but I think I think one of my
favorite memories is um I think my
favorite memory actually happens to me
and geo every single Sunday when we're
able to sleep in a little bit and we get
to watch TV in bed like we're so busy
Monday through Saturday and doing the
hustle-bustle ashes in her meetings I'm
in my meetings even though in the same
office building we'd only hang out that
much when sunday comes around it's kind
of like everything gets to go into slow
motion and we get to just slow down and
relax and really enjoy each other's
company as a couple and not so much what
you want to do a barbell to get a pair
of we don't deal with barbell we're
doing whatever we looked at the fitness
ball what should we do or JK because
there's like so much a lot of me and
Jill's relationship consists of business
talk and so when sunday comes around we
finally get to slow down and kind of
just to enjoy a movie together I get to
talk about something together or go eat
and not have to worry about work that's
like one of my favorite memories that I
get to be able to do with Jill guide
Bale asks what's one thing you guys are
individually still trying to work on
improve is it taking longer than needed
but one of the things we're trying to
improve on to be completely honest and I
hope I don't hurt anyone's feelings is
JK news meet Joe and David we realized
that we have such a non bitch mentality
that this generation is full of really
sensitive people and so we realize what
we hear ourselves we're starting to
sound like the the old grandparents are
back we just chop down the trees
ourselves to build fire and now you guys
have heroes you pussies we realized
that's when we start to sound like so
we're trying to be more sensitive to the
the thought of the current generation
and not be so like well I use the
fucking piss in a bowl why do you ask me
in a bathroom
next up the foucha okay hey if you could
do one crazy activity for instance
skydiving what would you do damn I'm not
a journaling junkie but I guess if I
could choose one crazy activity I would
like to be in one of those suits and
attacked by an animal but I have to make
sure that I can't get hurt but I would
love to see like what it feels like to
get attacked by a wild gorilla or
something no this is so fucking cool
supreme dolphins if Gio was a man with
the same personality would you date them
well I guess if I was gay I would but I
actually had this talk with Jill before
and I actually loved her so much as a
person that if she came out to me now
and she was like hey bar you know what I
actually used to be a man and then I
went through an operation and I'm a
transgender woman now I would still
stick with her because I love her as a
person
and because of that as a matter if she's
a man or woman I love her for who she is
so Johnny ly6
can you explain like you and Jill split
up
can you among the readers one more time
maybe I'm not understanding can you
explain why you and Joe split up and
your ownership of jkf is it still 50/50
oh I see what you're saying so me and
Joe we didn't split up company wise we
split up duties wise Joe and Michael are
focusing on the business and the JK and
also the channels in the digital end me
and Casey are worrying about the feature
films and the show end so we didn't
split up the company and we still own
the company 50/50 because that's how it
started but we did split up the duties
without we connect
them harder to focus on them harder and
push them at the same time the LA blade
I don't even know how to pronounce this
alright your baby's going to be
bilingual they're probably gonna be
trilingual but very minimally cuz my
Chinese sucks Gio Spanish sucks
and the problem is speak English so
they're probably gonna get a little bit
of dosa Chinese a little bit dose of
Spanish and good at English I hope true
bill asks bro bar your babies are gonna
be trilingual are you going to guide
their kids to be doctors and shit thank
you for telling me that my baby didn't
be trendy well I hope they are and I
don't really care if he wants to be a
doctor if my kid wants to be a doctor is
gonna be a doctor Rick Arouca
21 having that deem as a roommate taught
you guys anything yes a lot actually
so Nadine in my eyes because I'm older
than him and he's also behind the camera
but Nadine is I can compare the deem to
when I was his age a lot and I do do
that a lot cuz there's so many times
where a Nadine really impresses me and
I'm like man this guy's so mature
he's so driven so ambitious and I'm just
like why was I such a fucking loser when
I was his age and I might do this as
awesome
but there are also times where Nadine is
completely his age and I'm like odd you
know that Dean you had me fooled
I thought you were 45 but you are 12 and
those times those are the times that
making a deem human and make me love him
a lot cuz there's times were like me and
Jo would buy a fucked on an ice cream or
put on a freezer and then
like a month later I'm like ice cream
yet like go under in everything's
Donovan's Oh ice cream go I'm like the
deal you fucking ice cream monster can
combo when can you consider yourself a
power lifter I think you can consider
yourself a power lifter as soon as you
make squat bench and deadlift a priority
in your training and your training those
three for the movement specifically
rather than growing the muscles so if
you're squatting to get bigger quads if
you're squatting to get bigger butt
cheeks or hamstrings and that's your
sole purpose a number-one goal then
you're probably a body builder but if
you're squatting so that you can have a
strong squat then that's the more of a
power lifters mindset it need to be a
Pallister Nadeem committee why are you
so laying I don't know why in a deem I
try not to be lame but I guess sometimes
I am
Evita kicks what are some of your pet
peeves my pet peeves are I think one of
my pet peeves are people that get pissed
off easily for no big reason like for
example like I'll be driving like your
traffic and everyone hates traffic right
and then you see someone like going to
Lane and accidentally cut someone else
off so I'm going to see the whole thing
they cut them up even if it was on
purpose like is there a point to have a
honker contest ban my book come on
fucker fuck you you fucking piece of
shit
fuck your hope I hope that we dies I'm
just like driving like dude was that
fucking worth it cuz okay if he cuts you
off and you're that pissed what happens
when that person like I don't know
fucks your daughter or something or
takes a shit on your front lawn then are
you gonna like buy freakin a bazooka
from the black market and go to his
house and fucking
his house like I feel like people they
jump to anger so fucking fast that it
doesn't make any logical sense because
there's no more room for you to go if
something real happens so I might do
just chill the fuck out
doctor I probably have to take a shit
and he accidentally cut you off so it
actually makes me angry when I see other
people get angry really fast oh and I
guess that was it
so thank you for watching this episode
of ask me anything
Instagram Q&A edition next time stay
tuned on Geo's
IG because she's going to post one of
those posts on IG asking you to ask her
some questions in the comment if she's
gonna do a video see you guys next time
peace
