we're just waitin can you guys keep it
down for love this I we should have
documented the vlog who loves our
documentary that's commercial so what
were you saying I would just think so
everyone's like really amazed which I
get that like it's amazing seeing humans
do like almost superhuman things I get
that but I don't understand like a whole
country can get like so involved and so
like deeply passionate about the
Olympics that part I kind of don't get
and I think it's because I don't even
understand the reason why people are
fanatics with sports in the first place
you know I know I know why I like to
watch certain things there's there's the
whole country thing that the political
aspect which you know you're proud of
your country you're proud of
representing with it whatnot but I mean
I don't really see that as much for me
it's kind of like taking what I like
about watching movies you learn stuff
from movies you learn what the
characters kind of go through yeah
opportunity or a documentary or a TV
show and I like taking what I learned
from that and reapply it to myself or
just having it inspire me or motivate me
to improve my life and so when you're
watching sports like the Olympics
especially Olympics it's like you
there's these characters these people
these athletes come out of the Woodworks
you know you never hear about them
before the Olympics you know if they
don't make the headlines until they get
to the Olympics and when they make it
there especially like the lesser-known
Sports olestra knows exactly and like
you hear their backstory they go and
and in deep with like you know like how
they grew up how they got into the sport
in the beginning and how when they first
start started showing like promising
attributes to be an athlete
documentaries before the actual advances
does they go deep into like why they're
doing this how they're doing it what
makes them so special why they're number
one why they're number two and why they
why this broad between these two you
know athletes are so important that they
you have to win I know
but yeah but because of that though like
it showcases that a lot of the the human
spirit to win and the human spirit to
prevail and and the indoor you know and
I feel like that in itself besides the
whole political aspect is at different
countries coming together I think
there's something very human about what
gaining in sports that makes me feel
like you're the inspired by one of the
most like well-known stories is of
Michael Phelps how he was diagnosed with
a DD and ADHD as a young kid and one of
the I think is PE teachers someone was
telling them hey like maybe you can take
your son it was talking to the mom you
could take Michael Phelps to go swim it
off because all they're gonna do is swim
for like three hours a day so no all
right well yes you've got so much energy
we might as well swim it off and he ends
up being the best swimmer that ever
lived
so it's like stories like that that's
inspiring it's almost like the most like
underdog story ever you hear about the
guy that's kicking around a tumbleweed
that later becomes like the best soccer
player that ever lived
I think it's that and then you add that
so that's at the personal level and then
they have that at the national level so
just recently this weekend I was eating
with one of the deans friends and he's
close friends with a lot of Olympians
and he was saying that for the Olympics
obviously like if you're a well-known
first world country there's like extreme
like qualifying standards you have to
make it at the local level the state
level the national level and then you
represent your country at the Olympics
but he says when you're a small country
that no one's ever heard of the Olympic
Committee gives you this thing called a
white card so when you have a white card
you're you're allowed to enter your
country and you're one of your athletes
regardless of what their standard is so
for example if like the qualifying
standard for the 100-meter sprint is
like 10 seconds
your athlete doesn't have have to
compute compete that like he could just
have maybe like something super slow
like 15 seconds which is like any high
school ever pretty much does that but
the point of that is to help with
developing country gained some momentum
and confidence so like if you apply to
the Olympic Committee and you're like
hey we're trying to develop this sport
in my country and we actually want to
make this a big thing we're developing
athletes they're slow as fuck right now
but one day we'll we'll come in and make
it they'll give you a white card and
they'll let them what is it called
compete yeah and it was yeah and he was
telling me about this one specific
country it was a country I never even
heard of it was called like the the like
the service islands or some shit like
that it was some weird-ass country and
there's a guy that was over 200 pounds
and he snatched under his weight so in
weightlifting by 200 pounds snatch
that's a girl way that's what girls do
and this guy is over - or he's like 250
and that's how much he snatched but
because he was able to compete on the
white card now when he goes back to his
home country it motivates all the kids
to go oh you know what one day I can
also achieve greatness even though they
don't know that he only lifted the
weights of a girl so it's like that true
underdog story from on a personal level
and at a national level
it's horrible there right now
I was like if I had tickets that I'd get
my money back
Brazil is one of the worst places has
Olympics right now though I heard some
Olympians got robbed already there's
like ten of them I got robbed and some
guys already got sick kidnapper saying
are you gonna be in the Olympics what's
your favorite sport right now swimming
are you gonna be the next Michael Phelps
he's amazing no that's that's Michael
something else he's good at something
else not swimming everyone knows what
he's good at
okay so this is gestures everybody guess
the gesture right and words and so this
is the slate it's basically charades oh
it's like Hollywood champagne it's
basically like charades these are your
point cards so in difficulty this is
easy cars medium cards hard cards gotta
but you can you can pretty much draw
you're not gonna know what you're gonna
get so let's say I can draw a hard card
this is the word like shuffle right and
then I'm gonna draw like a medium card
and maybe like an easy car in the eating
cards so I guess what you pick is
entirely up to you you could pick like
four hard cards like for medium cards
for easy cards so everyone gets four
cards and mix them around yeah big
whoever you know just the person who's
doing the actions right yeah and then
the rules apply to the same like
charades like no mouthing words no
sounds
none of that pussy shit that you can
that you can't do drinks trades fucked
up this I'll show you
so the catch about this is that there's
a timer okay
so I want to put this down right this is
the timer and that's how you start every
game well it's a toaster okay so the
thing about this game there's a numbers
on here as well crap 1 2 3 1 2 3 4 right
and so each one you have 15 seconds to
act out and for your team to guess so
you kind of want to be strategic in the
way that you place your cards because
this one's gonna fall in the first 15
seconds this one's gonna fall in the
first 30 seconds 45 and then you have a
minute
pretty much to guess that oh you want to
put that yeah you want to put the hard
one like last like let's say like in the
beginning because you can do it oh
that's true if you can do it like this
words like milk right okay confidence
whatever top that's pretty freakin easy
everybody can get that supply we have to
know no um so when you're picking them
can you look at whatever words you want
to pick or is it just whatever comes in
next and then you just have to pick that
card so for example you have to get the
next one that follows here yes to me
choosing the words right okay
right but you can choose the words that
you want upside down because there's two
words like that what if I choose like
all easy cards in then you only get one
is a hard one then you only get one
point it's so pretty much hard cards are
might do all hard three points yeah but
that's it's high-risk high-reward
pay for that that's how I live my life
yeah medium to but yeah some some of
these are really difficult like one of
the hardcores is like electricity I
don't know how you're supposed to do
that but like you create
yeah be creative be creative
yeah so this timer is pretty loud so
this is how you begin to be like this I
don't think you can point to anything
right that's considered props right get
your team to guess what you're acting
right right right so here's how you play
right so let's say that we're gonna
begin okay ready set go time we begin
oh man I'm doing that giant okay so the
way to get points did you pick the cord
out once the TV right if you're unable
to act out a word and the card drops you
don't get carded that
what was your favorite JK party game you
played so far so far I think the
favorite game that we play was gestures
only because I haven't played it yet I
think it was super funny that one
everyone was just kind of like holding
everything in just cuz we don't want to
be two left's that our neighbors next
door don't complain so that was kind of
ready fun cuz roll it and then too was
so the way this game works it's like it
looks like a film slate so you know when
they go and they go action yeah so it's
one of those so um you pick four cards
three categories easy medium small out
of those three categories you pick four
cards each each level I guess eating the
Amarna they're worth like different
points so of course us beating is
competitive as we all we pick the
hardest because that means it's more
points if we get it right and then you
put it in the slate thing and what
happens is you have a minute I felt like
it was less than a minute but you have a
minute to give your group clues and on
each card is like stood up right so it's
like this and 15 minutes go up and then
that car disappears then you move on to
the next card and then after another 15
minutes that car disappears so on and so
forth right so when we would try to we
would finally like have our group guess
what the clue was right right yes we got
it about time you go and you you have to
get the card out before it falls that
card would disappear you like oh shit
and then you have to try to move in so I
think just that like trying to talk
really fast while still trying to get
the card so you get the point like that
kept fucking us up and there were a
couple where we were trying to grab it
like it just slipped right through our
fingers and it so many times it was so
funny because I'm like well you got it
right then I went to go grab it and then
it slipped from my fingers and it fell
right in so we didn't get any other I
mean that's another twist that I should
like about that versus charades is
because you don't you don't just because
you got it right doesn't mean you got it
right yet the move fast enough to make
sure it doesn't go away yeah and it's
hard because you're so proud of your
team and you feel so accomplished that
you want to do a little victory dance
but that little victory dance is what
fucks you up costume yes oh no I lost
the card so that was really fun um yeah
I think that's what I really liked
we played mafia again and that
always fun but I always get like a like
a mild panic attack before they pass off
the cards because I'm always like oh I
don't want to be mocked I don't wanna be
mom me neither I hate being mafia twice
I know the first time I got I was like
fuck alright I'll get it over with and
then afterwards I'm not gonna get it in
the second time because I'm like fuck
god damn it I hate being mafia am I
really tell me tell me more tell me more
I mean you're really good but because
it's you and I know all of you oh my oh
my god tell me tell me what do I do it
like you're really good logically so you
can in your head you're not mafia so it
becomes such a truth to you that now
you're getting offended and it comes off
as you're getting offended when
someone's accusing you you're just like
oh wow well because of this does this is
this and you're trying to persuade this
because of this and you're calling an
alliance here why are you doing it and
then you you just persuade the whole
group to think otherwise and then they
get the blame off of you but because I
can see through your bullshit you have
the cuny bear vision yeah that's why I
look at you and I'm like you I'm like
why why why did you do that why do you
want to go against whatever and I'm like
you were fucking mafia that's the part
that I hate so when I'm playing mafia
like I can go around I'm like cuz I I
believe like when I play mafia I kind of
take advantage of the acting and I tell
myself my role is civilian right now
what would a civilian do so I'm
improving as a civilian and it's so I
believe it so much to the point where I
start hating my teammates so like in the
middle of it I can look at Joe might die
motherfuckers mafia or I can look at
Casey like that motherfuckers Martha
even want to pull out my car when it
says I'm mafia and I got kill and what
the hell civilian like that's how much I
believe it but when I'm playing with you
because we have cuny bear vision I'm
going out there Elena all my lies and
then I could see out of the corner are
you like yeah like this little smirk
like I know something you do but you
don't
I don't like motherfucker so I think
that's what causes me till I call
fuck yeah cause me to throw my little
yeah I mean I'm not Matt mafia yeah I
can see through it and then like you are
persuading or convincing
a group of people because once they're
set in their own mind they don't want to
listen to anything else and I think
that's ultimately the downfall of the
civilians and that's why the Mafia wins
because they're not really listening to
anything they're just so emotionally
charged so it was really cool to be
killed off like I'm always killed off
I'm always killed off so I guess it was
kind of cool that I was killed off like
within the first couple rounds it's it's
a compliment if you're killed off that
means people are scared of you and
threatened of you and they admire your
gameplay and so to counter that the only
what that means is next time you play
you have to establish your innocence as
soon as you can you know what I mean
it's because you leave it up in the air
where people would try it would be like
okay cool like it's okay to probably
kill her
but if you're as if you're established
to be innocent you know people that are
a stat late with Alaska and I played
sure was established to be innocent
people are scared mafia is scared to
kill them off because as soon as Turo
dies then it points out with the Mafia
like who who would little later on
towards that no one the began the game
you were established innocent Charl was
established this in a little way later
on
yeah but then what's also tricky about
that in mafia is when you're too vocal
to know like why why are you trying to
deflect you know yeah it's like it's one
of those where I guess you kind of have
to read the room and then you do that
through the room so it's like sometimes
you either need to back off or you need
to push a little harder so it's hard
like trying to do a different strategy
this time and I was try not to be as
vocal which would give me the position
of a very important role so that's why I
think I was getting killed off because
they were like oh shit Jill must be
something cuz she's not as like Pouncy
yeah the game plans to change according
to the room
yeah but I'm honored because I never
want to be the person that they keep in
the game because they're you they're
easily swayed you know that's CUNY bear
vision I could tell you reliant or not
no you can't little scumbag I'm actually
really good you can't tell in online how
you been shooting armies are we trying
to say
on the days that we come back to the old
office to film we're usually filming JK
party and JK news but just walking by
this prop room that reminded me of all
the days that we used to shoot JK films
not the current JK films right now but
back in the day when we used to do
sketch comedy and we should do key and
Peele type stuff MADtv type stuff and
there is a ton of props so for those of
you guys who are new to our channel and
kind of like new to the entire JK
Enterprise and you guys don't know our
roots JK film started off as a skits
sketch character key and peele type of
channel but because it's so hard to
write a script shoot it and edit it on a
weekly basis we had to change our
business model and kind of save all that
great ideas for a feature film cuz we
realized that the shelf life for a lot
of these type of videos online on
YouTube especially it's only like a week
long you know like after a week another
video has to go up another view has to
go up another if you guys to go up and
because the shelf life is so short some
of our best ideas are kind of just put
out there and they're just buried and so
because of that we wanted to save our
best ideas our funniest moment and and
the things that we're most proud of we
don't want it to have a shelf life for
only a week so I want to say before a
feature where usually has a way longer
shelf life for promoting a for an entire
year and then after the year it goes on
Netflix into promoting again so there's
a way longer shelf life and and great
ideas like movies they can last the test
of time like just call classics that
people still watch till this day like I
think I want to run Tomatoes and I saw
that Wizard of Oz it has a hundred
percent on Rotten Tomatoes that's crazy
but just being in here it kind of
reminded me all the stuff that we used
to do so we have snacks for our shoots
regardless if it's JK party or JK news
but we have toy guns we have this broken
tripod that we don't use anymore and we
have this beautifully organized but also
ransacked prop section that TIFF
organized long time ago and so we'll
have like it's it says like glasses and
we'll have glasses in there hats hats
would be in there bowties and bandanas
that'll be in there so we have all kinds
of stuff from my glasses to beanies -
wigs
more fake guns medical supplies fake
medical supplies party supplies there's
like a random lizard over there chicken
suits hot dog suits onesies that's a
little sheep outfit that AJ Rafael wrote
in a music video we made a long time ago
a bunch of other props production
equipment we have so many lights that
are in there that we don't really use
and bath tissue you know so many lights
that we don't even use anymore a random
8-track player that's used for props a
slider part and in there a dummy that we
throw out for roof this is an audio
recorder we have all kinds of stuff we
have so much stuff in here that was
dedicated not dedicated but that was
designated - uh what was that - filming
skits and we don't do anymore but it's
very nostalgic because that's our roots
and it's really cool that we're not
really just forgetting about or giving
it up we are working on the movie so I'm
really excited and we've been making
leaps and strides on it so when that
movie finally releases its gonna be the
culmination of everything we've ever
done from the script writing to the
newfound more personal style of comedy
that we know and it's going to be a
combination of everything that's going
to be shown in the future and I can't
wait to show you guys that but I just
wanted to show you guys our prop room
because we're not in here very much
anymore and it kind of just rocked back
there feels
what are you gonna do enough all right
so we are shooting the intro to the
sound library video that we're making
today and usually we have like a and
then freeze frames on them and it'll say
like a little like a little fact about
them fun facts yeah today we're not
gonna go today we're gonna go superhero
I like the blue steel you just did or
the new thing who are you gonna go next
who's gonna go next
let's see you action hero face what the
hell is going on
alright you get the camera ready so
we're doing an intro shot to the sound
library video and basically it's gonna
be a shot of you looking the camera and
then we're gonna freeze frame on your
face and it's gonna have a little fun
fact next to your face
but the face I want you to make today
we're gonna go a little different
we're gonna go superhero style so I
didn't very serious hurt and like you
kind of like mesmerizing yeah
mesmerizing that's the word nice alright
so I start from here tonight or over my
shoulder yep and action
okay who do we got next case I want you
to give me your best superhero texting
and then what so you're not like
derelict Zoolander you can't turn both
ways I was trying to clear the areas yep
I didn't really step on a heart I don't
know what you have to say I'm sorry then
the shot cuz I'm in it at the top block
it off I put my finger but no one walks
through this crack while I film this so
everyone else has moved over here right
now it's hard to be here oh look here we
go camera speed are you looking at
bikinis on your cell phone yeah what the
hell camera look toward camera if you're
so low though superhero Gina come on
alright here we go
camera speeding and actual that's great
one more time
I like the eyebrow some people's eyebrow
yeah and actually yeah I don't want to
move people to the same spot and Buddha
in the same spot so I'm just gonna find
you and do it here we go camera speeds
very cozy supermom look at Joe and all
escapes the other locks on a costume
here alright so this is the intro shots
to the library video where we usually do
like the thumbs up or like something
goofy and then we free stream of your
face and we have the fun part of it so
today we're gonna go superhero slash
news anchor style words kind of more
like prophecy like you're about to tell
the weather and so I'm gonna push in on
you and then you're gonna turn into me
as well
yep there we go camera speed dude that I
did that I did it
give me a give me an eyebrow and or a
wink and action
Joe laughing well you have milk all over
your face I mean Joe had to an Eskimo
kids with almond milk in our mouth and
while we're getting tickled
so I burn freakin so close and then one
other one laughter your must've saw what
a little laugh there your mouth just so
cool so you checked out
freakin milk all over each other and
this is what happens fuck this shit was
it funny to Eskimo kiss with their nose
or someone else yeah I was freaking
funny that's how I oh this is gonna be
fun here like already one I know such as
I'm wondering like to really laugh and
ready to shoot it out I just I try to
hold the damn but you just can't cuz
your mouth is so full of milk yeah one
little spill er just go Lizzy
yeah oh damn about anything when you do
it four times whatever it was a lot of
fun I had a great time JK party hell
yeah it's okay my car the content was
awesome yeah that was really good look
forward to people spinning in each other
how is the jaw was that Eskimo okay
which are like no but this were men yeah
I'm just gonna do it yeah and in when I
was like let's do this shit we just
embraced each other we got really close
and I thought this little nose
and we just met crazy I just felt the
corn flap did your lips ever touch at
any point I would even know all I know
is I could feel his like mouth going
black and that's what made me laugh like
a little how is that big how did you
like watching Joe and Charl
that's more kiss Joe has this thing with
proxemics right like joyce his personal
space he's not a very physical person
yeah more so when it's another dude yeah
bro like he likes to be like they throw
about it yeah so he flipped it over and
I found out that it was him and true
churro is like very comfortable with our
team is he he's been I mean he's like
you know you know like he's all about
the kiss and he's all about the
affection and stuff yeah so putting
these two polar opposite people I knew
was gonna be amazing like if you guys
water sign line but you're gonna see how
like Cho just openly kisses Michael on
the forehead yeah beautiful so I saw
that I'm like oh my god this new bistro
has the giggles any time anyone's close
to his face yeah so they had to ask more
kiss and I knew that those pupils we're
gonna start happy with John you were
just gonna pull up and it really was a
beautiful commute but had a mouthful
Charles I fucked that trip brings it in
so they're like they're like this right
and chill brings it in so they're almost
dick to dick and they bring it in close
and as soon as their noses touch Joe
just goes bra and then it was like a
clash of like two soy milks just like
all over each other's faces nose so
funny I think I was gonna pee myself I
was like yeah they're grabbing each
other like it was Brokeback Mountain
don't like we're fucking men we fucking
got this shit it's Eskimo kiss it was
fucking amazing
and I got away scot-free so so would you
prefer so I guess I'm if you were a die
and then you could suck your own dick
and you were jacking off then you would
have to like like let's say you have it
on the TV then the other way look at
that
