what's up guys I started to stalk a
little bit later just finish our
corporate meeting as you can see
everyone's going home I don't know why
Bart's shirtless what the fuck yeah yeah
whose is that I'm scared you're gonna
hit me don't hit the camera though where
do I hide no no bad things gonna kill
someone the things badass I know it
sounds really dope yeah so alright
what's up there's aunt why are you doing
that I'll try to show off sorry it still
looked really good alright starting this
vlog off for me late um just because
we've been to meetings all day but today
is very exciting day cuz finally pop up
there and I oh my god word on our we're
gonna not work on our way cuz you can
clearly see we're not on our way but
we're gonna be on our way to Vegas for a
romantic weekend of love so I'm excited
yeah
packing my shit working a balance look
at that mom life
we dropped egg off at my mom this more
and who is drinking his or eating his
breakfast and uh we left it in the car
literally on the road now because you
know how like two seconds ago I said
we're on the road no now we're on the
road but look at how sad this road is
jam-packed traffic this is actually
pretty good for California or LA is
removed in sometimes a night Dan of
glasses though you look good yeah I mean
those are my glasses he's on first class
but the sun's crazy so yeah usually ones
you guys ask me where I got them from
Pacific them on my story and I got these
these are Ray Bans I got them in Italy
oh yeah Dennis huh yep yeah I haven't
seen him out here yet go thanks yeah
super excited I was already telling Bart
that I missed aikka it knows I've washed
his bottle already finally can you cook
one oh that's really loud thank you
um oh it's on that he don't panic oh
well I want mine on that too I washed
his bottle finally and then I was like
an immense dye Cup so I started smelling
it even though I already ordered it so
cute
alright I'm gonna try to be an adult I'm
gonna try to enjoy myself and enjoy a
wonderful day with my husband a photo
for a weekend with my husband
we've been looking forward to it we have
been but now that it's here I'm sad do
you want to cancel it no I just love
Tyco so much and I love you so much too
but tech this newer than you I'm over
you
I know but look at the new toy no no I
need to be with you I need to be an
adult I need to spend time with you
that's what is a successful relationship
when you can balance everything because
Tyco is eventually gonna get old and
this is logically I know this he's gonna
get old he's gonna start a little family
and like my mom always said your kids
are borrowed and they are because once
they grow up they go and they move away
and you're just left with your spouse so
if you can't have a good relationship
now imagine one in the house or the nest
is empty and all your kids are gone then
you're gonna be a fuck situation so it's
good we're building we're building our
relationship I don't miss you anymore
Tyco oh shit
this was funny I turn the camera on
myself and I'm sure you can't see me but
we're still driving and I think everyone
had the exact same idea about going to
Vegas after work cuz biome we are still
in crazy amount of traffic everywhere
everywhere and this camera doesn't make
it seem like it but yeah there's a lot
of traffic
the funny thing is were not even at half
for year we're not even cast Barstow
where I don't even know how far away we
are from bars stuff but that's usually a
good marker where we're halfway but we
might even be halfway to halfway oh
Jesus we've been on the road for like
three hours
I that's all I got for you Asian sigh
yeah I missed a cup
me am i barely switch places come on
Paris driving down you know it a little
hit it out stop got some yummy drinks so
no me food this is the part where it's
so close but so far but right there we
can see the m to the M Resort and that's
that one resort that's right outside of
the main Vegas so we see the lights over
there that's why you playing with me
that's freaking South Point the freakin
weirdo I honestly never know yeah I
don't know who goes to South Point it's
literally like South Point is actually
where you get the cheap primary it it is
but who goes there it's 15 minutes it's
like 10 minutes away from the main Vegas
people that are on a budget that know
how to spend money wisely how's that on
a budget yeah cuz its prime rib and it's
like 10 bucks or something but can't you
go to downtown Vegas to get the same
deals I mean but then you have the real
weirdos oh dude this isn't weird I mean
I go to down to the South Point is like
you know what I'm down to drive 3 hours
and 50 minutes but four hours
yeah if you just stop them to go back
yeah
but no when you're driving back I think
it's a good little pit stop for the
preparan oh yeah yeah true are we gonna
do that we're gonna laugh was that you
tired no see that's South Point that's
the one that's right that golden
building it looks really cool let's ride
outside of Vegas all over there where
everything's still kind of microscopic
on this camera that's where it actually
looks closer in person but I can see it
yeah I can see like the cosmopolitan and
like all the big boy Bucks are light but
Amy we're almost there
even though we can see what their eyes I
think we still got a good 20 minutes
come on you two be nice
we finally arrived not really
we're still on the side of the road
right there oh yeah oh yeah thanks to
the fedora Oh
Excalibur these are the this parking
structure is not what I recognized it so
yeah but it's blocking the beautiful
Excalibur III do
OMG and brand we are using right here is
it right off
we've never stayed out Arya both me and
my bear what to do so I'm glad I was
able to book the hotel it's very nice
that we could both try and it just so
happened that Arya is the hotel right
next to or Bruno Mars is gonna be
performing at so I just works out
awesome in so many different ways I do
kind of miss Vegas what every single
hotel had it be in like Treasure Island
those pirates this caliber all's like
the Knights and stuff and the Luxor is
all Egyptian now everything is just
falling and I'm very tired to come but
it's peace I don't think you're pointing
to get me a boob yeah I feel loopy weird
yeah so we're gonna jump it down on the
bed then and freakin y'all and do weird
funny things
sure that's what you're into hi what are
you that did it
oh shit wait a minute
I like Jesus no you know I've never
stayed at Caesar's Palace who's gonna
make it you gotta make it you know I
always want to stay at Caesar's Palace
yeah cuz I think there's like a cat
outside but it's also super nice I like
where they shot hangover is that word oh
is that where they're hanging off that
he's thinking yeah yeah The Hangover
suite I think it's like where it has
it's like 10 or 20 G's at night it's
super ball not that I can't afford that
but I would like to know there's bars
out there or what we can do is sometimes
they'd throw like these super or did you
know one of my buddies that I went to
military school with his dad owns the
Flamingo and the rest of Israeli mafia
friends on it so I had a buddy which is
crazy that I went to military school
with his dad was in the Israeli mafia
and they started like half of Vegas back
in the day and he called cell phone
video he said I don't we talk to Scotty
boy we're just great dangers I don't
want to but look at this Elvis was
beautiful let me tell you Hollywood
what oh no there's just a lot of cars I
hope I didn't make a noise right there
boom are you still owe ya it is the
Bellagio water show except it's not on
right now
oh dude I'm very to be almost at this
red light one thing one thing that I
like about Vegas style is even though
it's 10:30 at night we just got here
right now and I could barely hear my
ears cuz we're at some weird elevation
from LA so my ears are stuffed but
there's just so much lights and energy I
feel very energized not in a like awake
way just I'm really tired but there's
still a lot of energy in this city yeah
beautiful I always like arriving to
Vegas yeah well we drive I like arriving
at night yeah time to park and check in
to are pulling up on the ARIA this
thing's nice this is pretty nice oh
shoot oh that's the water remember that
water fountain thing oh yeah
that's dope hell yeah look homey Jesus
guys now this guy's finally ready to
rock and roll
we've made it on the ground
oh don't hate that Troy she didn't cry
luck look the other one also together
Papa don't chief a spy I know you bring
a jacket you love wearing a jacket
all right oh my god
this
we already know there's going to be a
lot of Bart's people in here how do you
go go that way how do you know that
because it's all the right colors oh my
god this is beautiful oh wow look at
that dragon
Wow you got a picture
maybe later I want to sign in
if this thing is gorgeous you guys
wowsers
me too remember we walked outside when
it was me you Joe - Casey will walk
Delta yeah look at that
Wow this is gorgeous good coffee bit
good good good good yeah I feel like
these are all fresh flowers Wow
all right
so we got a room
now we're gonna go check it out but
yo I'm jealous I'm not Chinese because
you never do this for like I don't know
Cinco DeMayo or the other love month
though they don't do any is like your
people are like in the casino in the
world like how many people go out like
Christmas is one of these but like
Chinese New Year that's huge man trips
me on is when the entire NBA switches
all the jerseys the Chinese Jersey
yeah I remember I first saw it I was
like wait
yeah but blue Assam you know
yeah its lucky you're Chinese your
thoughts I'm just kidding I appreciate I
think it's beautiful true our Korean oh
they're so cute
it's always my biggest fear to be put
anywhere near the elevator oh yeah I got
super naughty carelessly
well yeah that and there's like the
drunk people and like I mean it's a it's
people love to drink once you want to
turn up and get it I'm old man good
being ours is I think all the way at the
end which is really far from the
elevator and so he can be loud all night
I want my period oh wait there's olive
Eaters right there oh no it's further
down alright alright there's a houseful
next was $19 right yeah maybe you do
have two slighted some huh
it's turning red the other my tripping
am I tired that's his $19 you're right
right
okay okay very nice oh I have it in
there and you see also someone to shower
welcome thank you touch screen this is
why we can't have nice things folks ooh
oh that's where we drove from how
beautiful this sucks
yeah good job if it moves really pretty
good
wait there's our it's it's all of our
reflection I'm gonna zoom in yeah
actually the zoom looks close it looks
real to how close everything is really
yeah yeah look at the zoom the zoom is
the oh it's like whoa what my eyes
actually see what are those powers are
those part of the Aria - or that Fedora
I'm like the other see some good
question
I don't know Vegas yeah Jim's there yeah
hey kidney this week oh my god I gets
into that person's room I'm not what -
OH
all of them oh man if anyone has sex
tonight we're gonna see them well
they're probably closed before I have
sex I don't know some people are freaky
deaky how about wide yeah I see anything
just kidding just kidding you what she
knows all right are we gonna keep the
same side so doesn't matter if I sleep
on this side where's tyga gonna fling oh
my baby he's already asleep it's his
bedtime now so come on just told me
we're sleeping
we're gonna tell you where they eat CEO
like the vent yeah oh I think they're
right there yeah sure do you oh yeah
yeah yeah sure
all right we're gonna get settled in and
we'll check in with you knows about to
ask for food even though we just ate I
think it's just programmed into me I'm
disgusting god I'm so ashamed we are the
biggest peasants ever we keep walking
here on the room and touching summer
like water and Papa made this really
cool discovery this is really cool this
is just a screen right and I was like I
wonder if it's like an iPad and you pull
it off so now we can order food just
like we call laser you can be I loved
being late I don't know if you guys
watch the Tom Segura come on Netflix but
he's talking about how we're so late so
you can literally order everything now
we're in the hotel room and won't even
be lazier than lazy because we can go to
room service
we can go to our spa created some that
our restaurants are we are supposed to
have some of the pomace restaurants
around and the best is spa I just made
that up
yeah real experiences you can have
floral bouquets packages food it marries
all come in and that's when you're
balling you get floral bouquets okay
okay
control oh my goodness no don't move
just kidding I can make it it's Curtis
93 the freaking TV channels oh oh the
shears trays the sheer close the sheers
the drapes let's see close that's sexy
dude we need that at our house because
our house is so big this is crazy
don't make me close dare me to close the
blackout Kurt I scare you double dog
dare you you're naughty
stuff Oh bad boy yeah open it baby open
it baby yeah yeah
yeah we're freakin losers so we're
pretty loser ish we didn't even take off
our jackets that's so freakin dumb we
are this is sick yeah pretty cool the
wave of the future
what look at all these blends I'm just
kidding what else is here with us Oh mr.
small rose what step what whoa is this a
ball but the ball did this she dust it
was this what is this what what what
would - makeup remover towelettes one
shower cap recon swabs would
people know well we're huge people for
the average person maybe but me alone
I'm a behemoth well I look very dire
yeah you look high people are gonna see
you're smoking out or something no we're
just driving with the windows out yeah
and seeing your life away my lips are so
chapped oh I think is it's like really
the desert out here mom here don't drop
it
alright we're really gonna settle in now
for real no more surprises cut it out
oh so pretty outside I was getting ready
to take a shower then take a bath with
my bear so I could relax for the night
and I found this body wash thing and
it's so funny cuz right here it says the
scent of Asian garden I don't know what
that means but I'm gonna use it and see
if I smell like an Asian garden tonight
but thanks for following us on our
adventure to Vegas so far we're gonna
relax
have a good time and enjoy ourselves and
we'll see you tomorrow good night
