here we go this screaming what's wrong
what's wrong baby alright so what I was
gonna say is and here we go because
today is me and my bears collab on some
Korean food so for me all I'm doing is
grilling up some meat that was pre
marinated and making these old lettuce
wrap things but mother has the big big
job of making actual dishes and she is
sure dude looks like she knows what
she's doing
look at this BAM we got everything that
we bought yesterday
pancake mix Korean chili powder but just
all these ingredients I have never seen
this many Korean ingredients in our
house before I'm so proud of you why the
fact that you even attempting this well
I eat it enough to recognize that the
flavors on or off of it yeah um but yes
I I'm gonna cut myself on the back this
opposed oh I don't know yeah and you're
Mexican watch no no I don't know how to
cook I think that's the bigger thing
know that a big Mexican well so here's
the thing if you're a white right you
don't know how to cook you probably know
how to make a peanut butter jelly
sandwich because you're white so you
should be able to make it same thing
with if you're Chinese you probably know
how to throw broccoli and a wok and
throw some soy sauce to make some
stir-fry Mexicans are known to make
Mexican food and this is Korean food but
I just realized all food in LA is cooked
by Mexicans so you actually might have a
what is the word of a head first a foot
first
yeah at the door you actually have what
is that word called butts first no no
like a head start is it a head start you
actually have a head start with this
because somehow all the Mexicans cook
the best Indian Korean Chinese food
reason these sour
this is awesome so part of your mama I'm
gonna give you a big fat kiss thanks
you're there thank you uh-oh there he
goes
Piko Piko I'm on this side can you hear
me I'm on this side now everything hey
baby
Oh your security guards around you what
in the world is that X no it's a firm
tofu they want you to break it up
finally but we're really cool about this
book at least is that they want you to
use or they want you to UM cook just
using your hands which is really cool so
they're not like use this special tool
to break this up they're like use your
hands to season it use your hands to
like dig in there and like connect with
like the ingredients I really like
cooking and eating with my hands you
know that I think it's like super primal
versus when you eat with my chopsticks
or knife and a fork ah like one of the
things that I really like no one thing I
really really like about tacos yeah
you're eating with their hands it just
feels primal there's this type of
satisfaction you can't get like imagine
you buy tacos right like for tacos yeah
now you're cutting it up with knife and
fork it's just not as yeah there's bills
like there's distance between you and
the food so I do like this this is
pretty corner seen tofu mashed up like
this what are you doing Oh little
scallion cutter all right close up layer
disappears like this there's a lot of
things awesome wood just got to I get
you what step is this uh just playing
the
I don't even know if that's the right
way to cut it but it says to cut up the
noodles yeah oh cool I'm trying to yeah
try not to press cuz I know it's gonna
match the food up you always want a
slice like go try to go try to think of
making the strokes as long as possible
yep like that nice there goes you go see
yeah just like that good job Thanks this
is the flavor squishing worms like
killing them like little earthworms
coming out of the grass after a rainy
day
yeah they kill them it tell them I've
never seen this done in real life like I
have to ask David how to do this yeah I
could be doing it completely wrong yeah
so I'm just going based off of words in
a book it looks delicious
I'm so dumb in this day and age we have
the Internet I should be watching a
YouTube video but I like the hard
way that's awesome it's a different
experience fine I'm gonna like watch if
it ever like I messed up so bad
maybe or maybe you invented a new way
there you go yep nice and slice thanks
alright time for baby cam let's see what
mommy's done hey mommy what are you
doing over there that looks good
when can I eat some son of a bitch okay
I won't say that anymore
dad's boys is that a factor goes inside
the dumplings come on no idea
oh just cutting Stella you don't even
know yet I'm just preparing all the
okay looks legit Thanks good job bikini
going back to watch some TV playtime
playtime it's your favourite Fox
it's your favorite Fox it's our favorite
Fox
it's your favorite Fox yes yes it's Fox
oh you move the eyes very good look over
here
oh you're drooling you're drooling
it's your favorite good boy good boy so
every single day we try to give him a
little bit more tummy time and that
preps him to keep their head up and also
preps them to start crawling and you can
kind of see he knows how to move around
a little bit just because like one
elbows in front of the other and you'll
see I'm trying to root move his rear
knees and feet like squirming around and
he's starting to like get in the right
mechanics to start crawling but he's not
old enough or strong enough or have the
muscular development to completely crawl
yet but this helps them out good boy
here's your Fox can you grab the Fox or
is your arm stuck there let's see let's
get your arm out of here here's a little
foxy can you grab another Fox mmm almost
there are you getting tired okay we'll
put you on your back soon oh now it's my
favorite part
cook in the meat you have to season a
certain way or not
so what do you do oh it's in there all
you have to do is just cook it up a
little bit
cooking it up and then I'm gonna throw
in
oh this stop you have to cook this too
or you just throw that in here oh nice
and then you start wrapping them yeah
and we have the baby baby did you think
you're alone they're not alone
well here boy look at that look at that
well one very vital thing yeah I know
sorry for the shaky camera cuz I mean
the only one had not though sitting on
the counter while I stabilized them um
one thing I did learn is everything
first understanding in terms of
following ingredients yeah reading where
everything is going because I was just
kind of following what I am you in terms
of luck step by step
yeah so one of the things called for
cutting the cabbage finely yeah so I was
cutting it what my terms finally was but
then when I saw that it needs to go in
the mando which I don't ever remember
seeing but I could be German yeah um
like I cut it
much so if I would have read ahead yeah
like saw the steps hi you're just
staring at me and I saw what was going
where I would have approached it
completely different kind of keeping
like big picture in mind yeah exactly
that looks yummy though well we'll see
once it goes in I can already see myself
struggling to make it fit in the model
yeah oh you didn't cut it enough you
mean then yeah oh okay
so you cut a two course and it needed to
be even more shredded I think it needed
to be even smaller I see yeah yeah well
you can't do you can pour that whole
thing on a cutting board and just dice
it up real quick some more if you want
to okay we'll see how it goes if I mean
it's the first time if it doesn't come
out of plans I'm not gonna be
heartbroken I'm just like okay point
away to do next time okay I think it's
gonna be delicious
you want some too huh
you're probably like 1% Korean if I'm 3
percent or 1 percent 1 point 5 percent
I don't know
Wow and the Korean raviolis began this
smells really good thanks what's in that
brush thing
sesame oil yeah just water or just water
yeah no what is that used for to seal it
oh cool is there a certain technique
you're supposed to use to like press it
together it's just uh just just set the
pinch it yeah
but because I'm a visual person I just
looked at what that looked like and I'm
like all right it's kind of make it look
like that interesting you know it's
pretty CUNY um growing up as a kid I
used to help my mom make dumplings all
the time Oh they'd help me that was not
what I was expecting
Oh a sheriff of memory I was like you
know me and my dad leads to go it
cut the fish like that yeah I did I'm
sorry I'm just like damn you you're a
pro at this help of brother out hey I'll
hold the camera oh yeah hold it okay
I'll show you how the Chinese people do
it yeah so out of all these Korean
dumplings one of them will be Chinese
it should be a little bit because the
thing is a little bit a little more than
that I like this yeah that's fine so
what do you do you get this mean just
but it's it has a lot of water so you
want to take a yeah it's all these
supposed to be half but that works this
is how Chinese these things fall apart
really fast okay
yeah I haven't done damn my hands are
way bigger since I did this I remember
being so easy because I was a tiny ass
kid but you could fold it like this
that's how you seal the edges oh that's
so cute
Jenny this is awesome like that
you notice how the Chinese won't have
like a little pattern yeah it was like a
little fold I'm sure a Korean to have
something like that I'm just it
all up so the Chinese ones always have
like this little pattern and then that
way when you eat it there's also that
like little doughy bite yeah I love that
part so honey gives it that like that's
so cool give it a little bit different
I'll show you here we go one random
Chinese went in the middle of all the
Korean Mexican ones well I would say the
Mexican ones here well how does this one
look like is it it kind of has a little
bit fault
like maybe dislike but there are ways
way better than these ones yeah well I
thought it that's what I was doing
because it kind of looks like it now I
don't know I didn't do a great job fine
thank you
all right so have to take the vlog over
because Papa is feeding the boy boy on
the table but the mando is done I have
deep fried it and steamed it there was a
lot it said it would make 20 but either
I didn't get the right size mon Dieu or
I don't know but I measured everything
the way they needed to or the mon dieu
skin i should say because we made 30 and
then we cooked about like 10 10 or 12
yeah a product look how of its teams so
it's crunchy and soft so me too I want
to eat one it's probably really hot
right now are you sure David sure
all right here we go so you could tell
them so it is take a picture and I'm
sending alright where were you think so
we've been updating David about this
whole like mama bear Korean food
extravaganza because David's Korean and
he cooks really well and he's super into
Korean food so we just been updating him
whenever we have questions we ask him
stuff so I kind of can't wait to show
David what Walker's been making thank
you yeah it helps them you have a circle
of friends that is super encouraging I
know you guys might well not you guys as
you guys are a fans and you guys get it
but um yeah we messed around on JK news
or Jinky party or whatever it's just
like Bend but we really do love each
other and support everything that we do
um so I was super stoked said know that
my friends knew what I was up to and I
made the dipping sauce and that's called
no that's not what it's called the
dipping sauce is called I tasted it
already has pretty bomb this one chaga
cha gun John I hope I didn't botch that
up but alright you ready to try it's
gonna be hot here's a dipping sauce
okay how about name is legit I'm gonna
get my favorite yeah it tastes pretty
good okay I'm gonna bring some mondo
over it's gonna be really hot okay
don't let it drip
oh I'm gonna take from you
I won't have hey yummy I need a great
job so proud of you mama
this is the first thing you may know I
made a lot of stuff resizable a pizza no
I made stuff for you all fine but like
some homestyle stuff no I'm not like yes
sounds like cooking's guest yeah there's
like gnocchi or
yes well successfully because remember I
tried to do there are some other like
turnover things that I try to do in
there just was horrible
yeah this is yeah yeah yeah yeah okay
we're gonna eat cuz I'm really
hungry yeah and now it's barbecue time
but this time what's different is I got
company
hey baby you gonna keep your dad company
while your barbecues so we got some cow
B action marinated meat got uh some
grilled pork pork belly
I haven't grilled in a long long time so
I'm actually pretty excited because at
this time not only am I just grilling
for myself but it's to complement
whatever Marber is making inside and I
believe she's making kimchi fried rice
so I already have the grill going
I just heat up the grill a little bit
those embers I just got a scrub all this
off use this wet paper towel wipe it off
and then ready to rock and roll
what do you think do you like the smell
of smoke so this is what I have going on
right here
I already seared the pork bellies on
that side and I brought it over just I
can get a nice little crisp so it's like
kind of like crispy like bacon and I'll
slow cook it over here then I got the
meat going on here and I realized this
fire is really really hot it cooks
almost instantly as you can tell from
these marks I literally put it on for
probably 30 seconds so I'm not gonna
cook here I'm a cook somewhere here
where I think I'll be a little bit
better cuz if you look at this edge it's
already starting to cook this over soon
this is like one of the most interesting
cuts of meat I've ever seen all the bone
is at the bottom and then it's this long
and goes like all their peers like three
feet long so I don't know how I'm gonna
cook this
I'll cook that in the high heat or
something but you pretty much have to
chop off the meat but this meat looks
super high quality look how marbled it
is it's gonna be so long I am so excited
I finished grilling the main meats I
didn't really know what to do with that
bone part so I put one in here and
hopefully I'll just let it slow cook and
that one's crazy charred but I just let
this one slow cook and just see what it
looks like when I come out I've ever
done eating maybe it's edible maybe it's
not but um pretty much I have to let
this little thing just settle down
anyways left the vents open so it can
come out so we'll see what happens when
we're done cooking here that was my
first time cooking outdoors with mr.
tyka did you have a good time good boy I
bet you smell all smoky good being
today's your little bath day you look
beauty you little cutie good boy alright
so looks like we're ready to rock n roll
I just lost father where'd you go okay
well I'll explain to you
I made some kimchi fried rice there's a
lot more in a pot behind me but yeah
kimchi fried rice we got some punch on I
didn't make any of this
I will though I'm gonna start practicing
how to make it hey we got the boy on the
table so you're joining us for dinner or
lunch feels like dinner um and then we
got some lettuce and we got some cubby
and some pork belly and I'm ready to eat
where are you he's peeing I wish you
could eat with us I don't like that
you're just here put your toes Accu your
socks don't even fit you the hill should
be over here you big bozo
I mean you big cheesy pie yeah it's a
coffee right
dad this is Cal B and then this is uh
this some of most of us medium rare and
then this is a pork belly let's rock and
roll baby let's do it our first Korean
Korean dinner okay you had your Korean
pair that you have your Korean either
okay we're gonna eat now this is how I
love seeing my house clean organized
organized organized organized clean
organized well that's still drawing but
Oh everything is so clean and organized
Oh makes me so happy
Oh makes me so happy
come on fine let's go up come on come on
go up let's go see what your dad's up to
go go go go go go go
we'll see dad up - go go
hey what's happening whoa what's
happening over here have to give mr.
tyke that love back Oh his favorite
Hawaiian dang taiga is gonna get hooked
up okay papa
okay okay yeah you're gonna have a good
time with dad um are there any uh yep
I'll get it for you and then when I give
him my bath I always get the diaper
ready so all the things I trying to
minimize so that he doesn't stay very
cool for very long so that's all you
have the towel that was it on the sink
as soon as he comes up wraps it in there
bring it over here lotion boom does not
call hi mr. bin all right let's rock and
roll
