what just got to the office and I see
that this office is open so I'm gonna
give you guys a quick tour of this place
it's this unit over here and I'll tell
you guys the significance of the inside
so when we first moved into here by this
building which is way too dark on a
second it fix it so when we first moved
into this building and they gave us the
tour of this place
this is where Huff was the street where
company HUF huh and we're like oh shit
Huff this in this building obviously
they're not here anymore they moved out
but since they are I guess not
reupholstering but refurbishing what's
the right term but they're bringing it
back to rentable standards cuz after a
business has been in a building or a
space you know there's wear and tear so
they want to fix everything up so that
they can rent it out again it's empty
right now and I kind of want to show you
their place and I'm probably just
curious for myself that nobody in here
so if you first walk in and have the
dogs with me of course when you first
walk in and there's this little down
ramp and then there is a office the
glass window here another office on this
side and this cameras die and I think I
might beat a new camera it's not
focusing good oh there we go and AC
vents I love the raw wood like exposed
ceiling I love the raw cement industrial
materials I love this giant metal door
what do you guys think I think they are
just happy to know this place
so there's a big office over there
there's another office over here and
then there's an office over here then
the N right here holy shit I I did not
realize how big this Hopf building is
this thing is humongous man if you would
have just waited like a few months we
probably could have gotten this place
this place is huge there's this big
office over here it's like a conference
room and then you have this entire area
look how big this area is
holy shit this would have been perfect
for our sets you could have filmed our
sets in here and there's even more
offices on that side what is what is
that storage okay so there's another
office here damn there's another office
here another office here I'm just
letting the dogs take me now by this
point oh cool a little kitchenette
bathroom area more offices what the fuck
dude this place is huge
holy shit cuz this all new Dam there's
more offices up here holy shit I didn't
even know it went all the way over here
see this building is so deceiving from
the outside like you wouldn't tell you
wouldnt be able to tell if this place
was probably a good 50,000 square feet
you wouldn't be able to tell that like
this is
me behind me this is like a Costco or a
supermarket hey shit I don't know if
Huff had this entire space because
sometimes what they do is like because
it's just one giant big like brick
warehouse they'll put up drywall or
whatever fixtures to divide up the
businesses so for example sometimes like
they'll have this and the business only
needs this half so they'll just put up a
wall right here so you really don't know
you really don't know how big the office
space is but from why I can tell it
looks like the Huff branding of what
they want in the office travels at least
all the way to over there beyond that
that might not be it but this is huge
this is freaking huge
I think that's also why after Huff left
the entire parking lot just open oh
there's another space over here behind
that white wall I wonder what's over
there
there might be more meeting space all
courses more meeting space this is
awesome
this place is beautiful and the dogs are
running everywhere around me I can't
even walk well move to this side over
here good kids you know a lot of times
people they look at our building and
they see what JK has done and they're
like damn you guys were so inspiring and
when we look at what we've done it does
seem like we've done a lot it's just
maybe like five years ago we were still
working out of me and Jill's living room
out of the house but when you see like a
big building like huff or legit brand
and you see how big is it they've been
able to grow and that's just one of
their offices a lot of these big brands
they'll have an office like that in LA
an office like that in New York another
office like that in summers this call
you're like wow that's really the next
step so it's really cool to see a legit
brand do its thing
cuz that's is what is really inspiring
now I'm just sweating because I feel
like the dogs are just pulling me all
over the place while I'm still trying to
vlog so I think there's sweat dripping
down my face right now and I'm just
trying to flex my core so that I have
some stability because these guys are
pulling me everywhere
so I walk by David's office and you know
what I see I see that David got this new
frost put on on his door and I believe
it's his Bart blocker because he tells
me every single time I walk by I always
talk shit about him not doing anything
he's not here right now but every time I
walk by I always see his ass laying on
my couch right there and watching TV not
working like he says and he's always
telling me oh I don't have enough time
I'm so tired I slept so late this and
that and I always make fun of them
because I always see them playing around
so in my eyes on my of course you're
tired because you're relaxing way too
much during the day and now he has that
door frost blocker thing sorry David I
didn't mean to hurt your feelings
I know his feelings aren't hurt he's
fine put on there cuz it looks cool and
it's probably just one of the more
privacy so people can't see what he's
really doing even though he probably
does fuck around all day but I actually
think it looks pretty dope to be honest
just from artistic perspective let's see
what it looks like with the light on on
the inside so here's the light switch
BAM let's see oh it looks pretty dope
actually matches his channel now when
people walk by they walk in and they can
immediately see
oh that's David's room oh cool what if
everyone had one
what if KC had one Joe had one and then
Michael has one but then his will just
be like hookers enter here
Oh Michael are you building a desk
finally and you you had this desk but
you just never built it why are you so
lazy
so hard to build and you know who
actually both for me today is Sean oh um
if John didn't help me it would probably
still be here and I would probably still
be using this picnic table for like
another two months
so you finally have a desk or you gonna
get a rug or no huh I do I want to get
one that said she kind of like this one
over here that's Jill where she got it
from yeah and I think mine equipment
from here over here as well where on the
wall yeah I like your room it feels good
it's kind of like you makes you feel a
lot bigger you know so you're two
windows true Oh
oh it would look really nice yeah that's
true but your room feels good though
just the fact that you have a window and
then you have like these lights that are
different colors that adds like a nice
texture to what any of these different
colors like you think I shouldn't be bit
it was one yellow or I mean one orange
and have other two white or what do you
think I should do I actually like that
the main lights are white so it's cool
but you have like a little warm accent
actually I mean that's pretty cool so
maybe much changes to white but then
having more like a table lamp at so you
know maybe you like yellow and orange
yeah yeah because I think the warmth of
like a yellow and orange it makes the
room feel happy and cozy when it's just
strictly like white like if we don't
have this then it just feels kind of
cool like a hospital yeah and it feels
kind of like it's like an insane asylum
yeah
yeah white goes on forever and you can't
ever escape
yeah but I'm glad you have your table
set up I know finally right only about
two months so now you're gonna have been
hookers over on the table and bang them
yes okay so Michaels gonna have his
hooker Slayer one here maybe we could
put a conference room thing here
Oh one thing we did just get is this
thing this is a conference like we've
been trying to have conferences in here
but we have this device and it kind of
sucks and it's kind of echoing in here
so our conference is it's us yelling and
you know well sometimes I'll have 10
people were skyping some of them a
different country and it's hard for us
to yell I get on the screen especially
for using the camera on a laptop but
what this thing we get to have a super
wide angle lens put it all the way down
there and then there's a loudspeaker and
we can talk all the way over here so the
office is still slowly like under
construction we're just putting
different things on here and there but
it is coming together look at that guy
wouldn't what are you doing all the way
over there by yourself
meat loaf what are you doing you're
always standing in front of the door
guarding is there's someone out there
what are you staring at
there's no one even out there what are
you what are you doing meatloaf Tim why
is your fur all standing up like that
did someone try to gel your hair what is
that what do you think bringi what was
meatloaf doing there by himself all of a
sudden or thirsty
so geo didn't believe me that we can
build a private gym in here that the
walls were gonna contain the noise she
didn't believe me so now I'm gonna prove
it to her in her face that when we drop
the weights it will not make any noise
in their face no in your face one
because it wasn't a matter of belief or
not it was proven that it's very loud in
our upstairs neighbors there fucking
pick you shit when it comes to knows
someone was trying to install the
curtains yeah they were nailing and
drilling into the wall which is way
quieter than dropping weight and she
heard that came all the way down started
yelling at Jess well let me summon my
Knights hey Sarah the Dean can you guys
set up the weights can you set it up in
here and then that way when we close the
door she can see at Cana sure thanks
yeah she didn't believe me that it was
gonna work so we'll just set up yeah
we'll set up to 25 yeah so I'll set up
or maybe no we just need one 35 we'll
just bring that to 45 the two bumpers
yeah
and I'm gonna tell her later II thought
so
geo was actually away and so Jill was
actually right and we guessed it last
time and it was in my face and was
fuckin loud as shit and then tired of
building shook but just freaked her out
cuz we find out how love doesn't I wanna
kind of rub it in her face and pretend
like she it's in her bag that's actually
my bad I'm sorry babe I fucked up I
should've listened to you was really
really loud but we're just gonna try to
twist on it okay
all right can you set it up set it up
inside set it up inside so he could show
her oh hey funny guy set it up right
here yeah and then when I tell you guys
to deadlift it just devastating when I
tell you to drop it drop it so she can
see I will come outside I'll show you
how quiet is him here yeah who's gonna
lift it in deep okay it's on a team it's
gonna lift the weights there's a Claire
well it's actually pretty quiet even
like this stand right here babe okay so
I'm gonna turn around see if you came in
here see if I a team could attend no
nothing's gonna left it and see if you
could even tell when he deadlifts it go
ahead and him see you can't hear
anything no he didn't go feel quite at
once no just kidding is actually in my
face we tested
hey did you just touch her vagina with
my dick we did a little bit of rubbing
action no earlier the other night we
tested it and then it was completely in
my face we dropped it with like fuck the
building sounds like it's gonna collapse
but then we decided why don't we just
mess around a little bit and then see
that she was loud ah yeah well I okay
for sure we can't have a gym in here for
sure your shop normal deadlift oh so
it's Hollow
got it
holy shit holy this infernal sneeze like
crazy again what are they doing some
dumb shit that one's gonna jump on one's
back and then they're gonna do it one
where there's gonna be a three-way
piggyback ride or to it no I take that
picture keep in mind each one of these
guys are all 200 pounds dude that's how
this truck try yourself
oh yeah especially your back especially
gotta carry me carry me then go carry me
along so would you prefer so I guess I'm
gonna say if you were a die and then you
could suck your own dick and you were
jacking off then you would have to light
like let's say you have it on the TV
then the other way
