breakfast but it's so fancy can you walk
me through your thought process and what
order you're eating these I've been
losing a lot of weight by just eating
more Whole Foods and I'm like instead of
going to fast food places what can I get
where can I get whole foods that also
isn't too greasy
because grease weighs me down in the
morning Japanese food is always good and
a whole food which is a fish is macro
makes your feet stank and just some
steamed lice a good way to get the
carbohydrate and the fruit this is a
wrinkly ass mango but I like getting big
boxes of mango like that and then I eat
it throughout the week but what are you
gonna eat first and why or you are you
the mix and match guy like there's no
order just whatever times I like fruit
first because I like to start with a
surprise because when you eat fruit it's
sweet but then today I'm going to go
with the entree which is savory and then
sweet and I got this because this is my
favorite kind of sweet team and I have
coffee to start make me feel like I'm on
crack and I got a protein bar because
after this meeting I'm going to get
hungry in between the meeting I'm going
to get hungry which is going to be this
so this is going to be useful right
before my workout what what are you
thinking right now a few hours I'm just
things like that
I think it's funny how long you waited
there haha here to get all this ready
for you to interview
related cuz he said I'll be right back
so I'm like I'm not gonna get situated
like I'll just show what happened was
when my I say when I say right back it
usually means 15 minutes because oh shit
- and I'm which is to make coffee and
get ice for this drink right but when I
got there there's no water in the coffee
so I have to fill up this with water
pour it inside and then the outside
scissor-lift started beeping and I went
outside of Casey we were looking to see
if the AC guy was there to fix it and
then we saw him walking far from a
distance that wasted about two minutes
and we walked back in and I said oh shit
I forgot to make my property so I put
the coffee inside and then I go oh and I
gotta pee and wash my hands because you
gotta wash your hands before you eat
food and then that's why it took so long
for me to come right back and that's why
I do it was worth it what what do you
think babe about yeah about his his uh
his feast his daily feast cuz I think
it's every meal his pellet has to taste
like sweet savory sour a furry slippery
cold hot every day you have a when he
eats his how fancy like he knows exactly
what he wants and he has a very dim sum
philosophy when it comes when it comes
to a like it's he doesn't eat a lot of
one thing he like I want to nibble on
deaths nibble on this but he has a fruit
he has some a hot liquid and behold
liquid that's true and he has a fish he
had a side
back and up and up like a whole food and
synthetic foods this is like all kinda
stuff
it's crazy way to lose weight in skills
please be in your setup dude it's
fucking fancy Oh like my diner this is
origami I think you should wear that my
god helmet suicide how did you yeah
hi we're gonna meet
what's going on in here when I give them
massage is a mobility it's a boner
workout get better so I'm helping my
secretly I'm fucking a monster like yeah
I thought you guys are competing as each
other why would you trust the traitor
the enemy your opponent Charles there's
any time I go to me that's it we move on
gonna be because what every time a guy
touches you yeah you're weak in the
knees
you could hardly breathe self-control
you want to fly in the stomach I like it
then the image what woman where'd that
come from though you have a Dookie stain
on your butt nude oh yeah yeah
so no McDonald's today oh yeah and so
you're in the drive-through you know we
do our thing we order food but by the
drive-thru menu there's this crazy old
lady that's homeless and she's just
saying like a bunch of shit to us
me I get like really scared you know
like they get really close to personal
and then she said to get her a burger
before halls like so scared like I just
like respond so I drove past her and she
started cursing at us
but I then the line they forgot to get
real sandwich so we went around another
circle but she recognized me again she's
like she starts yelling from across this
I guess the drive-through she comes up
to my window like this close and she's
like talking shit like a little fucking
disrespect and for us we were like so
pissed he's got to deal with that did
you punch her in the face
no she's crazy so did you really make my
eye contact with her yeah we're just
listening and like I was looking at
everything my boat she's talking to it
she's like talking shit to me she's like
this close word window or no one no I I
knew it you little pussy no she's crazy
I know she probably gave you rabies just
kidding yeah so it's funny guys laughing
one thing yes huh what what she was
talking shit right from my face like I
came out with a camera and it was trippy
because like uh when I came out of
logging she came up to me she said we do
with through your little a chronic stuff
and I'm like and I had before I could
even answer myself she's like dude
that's bad you know you better not do
anything bad there's children out there
and I better not hear anything that
you've been doing this like nasty stuff
but this last year that chronic like
five petty cash I was a marine and a
drain in my head like I wanted to her
like bitch either your veteran your
fucking walkies will find a job so I'll
asking for money you know so like she's
like whatever like that's just me being
fucking getting all pissed at her but
yeah she just came up to me right for my
face just talking shit and I said one
word and she was just saying like all
this crazy shit to me like oh if you do
anything with that those electronic
stuff that my energy will follow you and
all this double shit I'm like I'm ready
like freaking now and I just walk away
and she starts screaming more I'm was
like whatever dude like whatever
damn talk
giving Gaea well then he's got the
sexual rascal course and nothing changes
dude I was trying to test him you didn't
know y-you don't know anything that's
quid pro quo
why would I know that I'm not sexually
I'm not sexually harassing anyone ask
him what quid pro quo is what please
winning managers embrace do something
for you in order to like promote them
all up butoh to explain that to you I
believe you you have a face of a
believer Oh God
yes that well I texted you
weightlifting huh yeah and what's your
point
that's fucking compete the other one
yeah you want to lose you want to lose I
didn't call you all I just said what are
you doing here you're like a whale I pay
half watching those videos it is younger
is it really all right well I'm calling
you all right now hey you did take me I
don't
you
what are you doing
massaging or tendonitis the way what is
tendinitis no tendinitis first
and keep in training a certain muscle
group a lot and because the muscle is
constantly getting work that's growing
it's getting stimulated it's pulling on
the tendon and so a lot of times pulling
on the tendon and if you're not doing
enough mobility or flexibility that's
the only that can release that pressure
so if you're not doing enough mobility
it's gonna start flopping it's gonna
hurt
and then just times or like you rip
apart yeah but it but nobody told me you
know about that yeah whatever it's so
bad
yeah I don't even all hard you're
pressing but it really hurts
have you ever had a tendinitis that's a
nice thousand one pop are we doing now
flossing or was that me you told me um
to feel a bit you know all the
tendinitis the hoods it's gonna have
four months ah that's part of the hey
maybe was the floss gonna do it's gonna
help break up the scar tissue or
whatever mess you have in is gonna help
break it up and it's gonna help push
blood to that area so you can
why are you doing a van down cuz it was
touching no sweaty Oh fine
the charm touch the floor the bed
and this is like a rubber band and it
really hurts because it gets tighter and
tighter and tighter you start seeing the
veins on my hand ah fucking bitch it
hurts
who would you who would use something
like this professional athletes
oh fuck please like my hands gonna
explode probably ah fuck look at my hand
I can't oh my god ah this hurts so bad
ohh oh my god fucking a desert so bad
ah fuck
ah shit oh my god ah ah fuck not even
kidding guys I'm I'm sweating right now
- it's so bad oh shit I can't even talk
oh fuck oh my god why do you hate me and
why are you hating me oh fuck oh fuck
this make you happy
does this make you happy is this all the
times like fucking put you through shit
is it oh oh please take those oh shit oh
fuck
and I mean it's like a rubber band
around my wrist look it like it dented
it in a matter of like like this a
minute
so way looser ah those were loosened
alright
oh shit I thought it wasn't explode you
know I've read my hand is is it well it
looks like yours oh my god it does do
you want to my shoulder yeah fuck what
the other farmers all right let me put
this on some sticks real quick alright
so just did one arm get it to the other
Armel
Japan here
what is this so this is a they call this
flossing there's a bunch of other terms
for it and pretty much you have like
this giant rubber band and what you do
is you tie it around specific body parts
and you have to know the techniques you
have to understand the philosophy behind
it to use it or you can really hurt
someone but the philosophy behind it is
the human body is actually like a giant
hot dog so it's actually a big sausage
it's like a bunch of meat wrapped up in
skin so that's that's the way you want
to think of the human body and a lot of
times when the body's been sitting there
or it's been working the meat gets stuck
to the skin so as the skin is moving
whereas the hotdog is moving the wrong
parts of the meat are moving with it is
what it's supposed to do is your skin
should be gliding over your muscle and
if it doesn't then that's how people get
injured because things get cots
partition builds up and so with the
floss what it does is it's super
compresses the skin against the meat
inside
and by doing that it's it's John it
forces and it squeezes awesome explain
it faster something took squeezes that
sausage and now when you move the meat
inside and round it breaks up it breaks
up all of that meat that's tied up to
the skin that's not supposed to be there
and so that's uh that's one of the
reasons why they use this you can use
this on joints you can use it on tight
body part you could use it on press I
have tendonitis it's a very helpful tool
oh I like to use it like a my groin ah
my hip fuck I tease it on my thigh set
my shoulder sometimes you use it all
over the place and then what's really
close once you release this because you
were squeezing that so hard
take it off put you're squeezing that
sausage the whole time now when you let
it go since it pushed all the blood away
from it of this appendage all that
Bloods gonna rush back and when all that
blood rushes back it's gonna increase
circulation bring nutrients in with it
and help it heal kind of the same
concept like when you get them a skittle
bite and then it swells up it's because
your body is like rushing all kinds of
red blood cells there to help battle
whatever's going on bring nutrients that
help that heal same thing you just do
that and then now all kinds of blood
rushes to that area
oh I smelled it
I'm sweating now baby okay forget it no
more thank you tonight
so would you prefer so I guess I'm gonna
say if you were a die
and then you could suck your own dick
and you were jacking off then you would
have to like like let's say you have it
on the TV then you have to look look at
the portal
oh yeah like I can pull up on her
