oh it's grandma I'm not filming who was
taking a nap who said that no but who
said the boys oh really yeah yeah did I
wake them up I did I'm not filming I'm
just testing these shots to see how they
are how was your day today my can bring
them out because when you came were they
already inside also they've been inside
for a few hours yeah oh yeah I'll take
them outside so they could pee and poop
are they pretty friendly with you now
because I know in the beginning they
were kind of they treated you like a
stranger but do they accept you now well
you guys are good now they never barked
at you anymore
well that's good you guys know who your
grandma is now he's silly Sally's his
meatloaf stuck in his own dick it's a
way oh I thought he was licking his uh
how do you say penis in Spanish well how
do you say penis in Spanish I'm testing
these shots look I shoot him haha how do
i say penis in spanish
is that the people or is a penis ito are
you sure it depends on what dialect you
speak if you're from Colombia there's
penis tipo there is daiquiri tall and
there's wee wee sada have you heard of
we need we Naruto's I know I saw it on
the Discovery Channel they're talking
about wiener ethos yeah no I'm just
testing out shots no you can't me and
your mate forever
you can't dis on me oh yeah she said oh
she wants to start juicing
I think she's gonna buy a juice machine
and then no but it's different
yeah the extractor it could it it pulls
out way more of the juices I think
Jill's trying to make a healthy
transition to being healthy I eat
vegetables I eat vegetables at least
once a day I really tried to but Jill's
she says what she's noticed is that the
more fruits she eats the less candy she
craves so she knows that that's gonna be
better for her especially since me and
geo are gonna try to have kids maybe
next year so she wants to have a healthy
healthy banana eating monkey so that we
have healthy monkeys yeah these guys are
healthy monkey me love you big gorilla
I'm not filming I'm just testing these
shots are you scratching yeah what do
you do licking a bubble
there's no fleas on them no no every
time I give them a bath
or when I take them to get groomed they
always put the flea medicine every times
so that at least once a month so I know
they don't have fleas and I know they
don't have ticks
Oh water I always carry them and swim
all the way out to the middle of the
ocean and then I let him go and then
they swim all the way back yeah I don't
know if they like it yet I don't feel
like here but they enjoy they enjoy him
yeah all dogs are naturally pretty good
but they're not like Tyson Tyson he he
used to just jump in the water on his
own like he enjoyed swimming these guys
they know how to swim but I gotta like
persuade them yeah the other one I had
ever since I was a puppy and every time
I know I'll go everything is Hugh as a
puppy and then ever since he was a wee
Dorito I would take him to camping go to
my friend's house without a pool so he
got used to swimming at a young age and
so anytime we go to a lake like he would
just go in by himself
yeah which one shadow you took him ready
to like a swimming pool yeah oh he goes
inside the fountain what is a bitch a
barrel pinche puto cabron
oh yeah you should take them camping
let's see if you like to jump in the
lake my cars that I made friend no I'm
testing the shots I'm testing it we
should go camping in my truck then yeah
I'm getting the suspension off-road
suspension put in this week and so I can
go off-roading and then the guy told me
after I put it in I can drive on like
gravel bumpy roads at 50 miles an hour
and they'll feel smooth inside because I
really want to I really want to take
these guys camping and into the outdoors
yeah that one's sleeping yeah I'm out I
have a meeting soon
no I'm when I'm gonna take a shower get
ready okay alright guys so we are in
downtown LA I hope we are yeah we are
and remind which reminds me that um Bart
and I are actually looking for spot out
here you know what you know we're all
sorry um or stem from that's a great
time hanging with JK yeah so we should I
hang it with JK and then one of the
questions was about your mom $4 no it
was huh you're fucking weird I'm weird
look at you I know well yeah well
question we had David was um would you
rather live in a rural area
or live in the city another and your
current lifestyle right now and which
extremes if you can't change your
business you can't change what you do
and then how even a whole discussion got
me and Joe thinking like we're settling
down for what that's such a self but
what you know it's like it's something
that you must start on yourself and
they're thinking like but there really
isn't a real thing to push myself it's
just people they just want to settle
down for no reason I mean there's people
that are 50 years older like four kids
didn't Tennessee know initially we
wanted to settle down because it was we
felt like it was too much it was too
much hustle and bustle we were like fuck
our life is already so much full of so
much stimulus that we want the complete
opposite that's our least I was my
reasoning
yeah but then now we thought about it
and wanna like well if we don't live in
the city and we do end up
we never have that experience
we decided like fuck it let's just move
out for one year in the city city like
not large district city in our k-town
city but literally downtown financial
district south park like off the 110
city city and now we're starting to love
them move the shop so we're looking
specifically for luxury lops because
it's within our budget and they they're
all pet friendly and they all come with
like pets services so they have dog
walker dog groomers they have like like
a the whole floor designate it just for
dogs dog daycare area you could just
leave them not necessarily at daycare
but you can have someone like walk of it
hey there's one right next to barbell we
were gonna put our dogs there oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah we got a little too
pricey it was like the price of a car
well because we have two regular car
payment and it depends on how frequent
we wanted it you know like we wanted
like five days a week so if you do it
like a couple days out of the week
yeah would they walk them twice and like
they do a lot that's why it depends on
the service that you get so when you
guys move out is it just the two of you
or is it deeply visiting your child with
our song our baby that's so cool
yeah the amenities are pretty sick
there's like a screening room there's
like and this isn't expanded in this
style of all your course which I've been
talking to an agent already
I might have to rent a parking garage
but one of my cars
because I think a lot of them come with
only two or three days and the Maxima
clearly
so unless you want to spend if they have
extras in there so like in detail like
yeah if you want extras a CLA they'll
they'll have that next one if it's
available and then you can rent it out
until another tenant come to take it
over that's all I have to do that that's
why you did the event I did that one
other than the Wilshire partner so we we
paid it I did a ninja 250 bucks bringing
spot yeah yeah did you like it it was
you know what the thing about it is
convenient I like Kate tough I don't
like downtown LA specifically because of
number one my noise pollution number two
it's the smell it smell like piss all
the time yeah and three is parking
situations for if you want other people
to come over so those are the three main
things like cannot live in a field but
it's like a party all the time
we were looking to try to get if we can
we wanted to get I just pay for an extra
parking spot so whatever we have it
guess we just have additional extra
parking spot that's how cool
but I know for me like when my parents
is it like I don't want them to be happy
that's gonna be perfect oh these come
with valet service do and plus like for
me so like I live in Cape Town for like
five years
the four years I lived in that one spot
for almost two three years that that big
New York style yeah I did it I didn't
I'm good
to be honest with you like I do
sometimes I miss that place though but
why it was a beautiful spot did you miss
about it do if I walked out I was close
to everything I think I'll get the best
food if I wanted to if I wanted to do
something I just walk outside late at
night and it was it was done like in
Pasadena I do like it and it's cool but
once it hits about like 9 o'clock it's
basically done zone
so for me I'm pretty sure like with me
and Muriel like after we get engaged
like in a key town like I right side
place there because I know for her she
wants to she wants to wish she likes it
and I don't really mind you know it's
just that the one thing I hate is moving
shit but I've also been planning I want
to get a Vespa because for the same
reason you just but it doesn't make
sense like it does it make sense in LA
because everything so far you can't like
get on a freeway but then if you're
living in some you want there's mad
people in the OC with the fest but they
don't even need it yeah it's not
practical for me where I live right now
I want to find something I think you
don't have to face anything off of
practicality I think people that base
anything off of practicality are
actually lying to themselves why are you
fucking if you live in if you live in a
first world country it's all about
luxury like practicality is do you have
are you hungry are you thirsty and you
have shelter yeah other than that like
any car with AC with like electronic
windows that's already a luxury you know
there's no there's not anything passed
the bicycle is luxury I'm just saying I
know I wouldn't use it if I have it
right now cuz I have a really nice car
that I would rather be in
that's all but then if I'm living in
downtown it'd be a pain in the ass to
get in a really nice car because then
I'm gonna be stuck in traffic and
everything is so close like I want a
paddleboard but then I'm too lazy to get
a roof rack and I'm too lazy to drive
when there's traffic so what does that
tell you in a truck yep what are you
gonna get a truck when I get a new
garage that has I need a parking lot and
up a parking lot
I need a garage then you drive down and
the whole thing is mine you know what I
really wanted like my house that I
settled down in it'd be tight to get one
of those driveways that you can drive
right through like a u-turn yeah so you
could Park like ten cars you know what I
really want well I want the driveway
that's kind of like a you like that but
then it the floor retracts and it goes
to the bottom and then to the top yeah
yeah that mansion hold a second it's
just each mansions I'm down what's the
retractable floor what is that um you
you get on top of it and then it moves
to the bottom and then it goes to your
garage and then you move it in its spot
I can't envision we're talking about oh
I got to show you the sushi with that VM
that when he switched out him howdy or
his BMW oh you talked about like the
cages or whatever right no well is this
for me I'm right way just a u-turn I
mean for you yeah yeah yeah because an
elevator because they had like the car
that it came to it came up and they
rotated out
there's also in to pack you serious
that's Thomas the Tank Engine what Ben
Thomas the Tank Engine you go to you
then they rotate in they park the Train
truth so slowly hallmark I agree with JK
you guys said that you wanted to live
more country or more supper but then now
you're going beyond was in quite more
City I said I was torn and then I gave
my reasons and then giving those reasons
I was like oh shit I'm just gonna do it
I think both of us were torn so we
enjoyed both sides and because of that
discussion because we're so torn the
conversation kept going while we were
driving when we're done and that's what
causes to have like this new revelation
probably will never do a patient so I'm
not sure won't do it might as well just
do it now and get it on us
like it's never gonna happen
so how do you feel like the pitches went
today today but they don't know and a
dozen three that we've had it was look
we're something that was just like hey
energy energy energy but so that kind of
made me feel like damn how are we not
like reading our a baby right now he was
very relaxed and had a very soothing
voice though like a spa day and like
finish there really yummy meal and coma
sound like maybe but I still show you
how effective while they kept saying you
know on their website for that idea or
you but I also didn't want to come off
like overbearing and super loud
and I know he's a professor it shouldn't
affect these women at the day so I don't
want to like whereas like for you I'd be
annoying you're nervous or so I don't
know again I keep smiling
don't try to prove for credit ages
that's not your driver your magic but
the human side of me is like damn it
like I wish you have told me like I wish
you didn't have a lot of hair away to
save others
yeah the part that kind of caught me
off-guard was we were in the middle of
where I was talking having chemistry and
then he was I
and I can tell you was mouthing bring up
the energy bring up the energy and I
wasn't oh shoot so but the cool thing is
like I got I got us here at first I was
like what are you trying to say to me
but then but then I got his hand
okay cool what else will you be saying
why do you have to insult me
wait you're smart I have a big heart
yeah you're dumb like what else would he
be so greedy saying wanna catch a movie
later no I don't think so would he be
like oh where did you buy your shirt no
what can't you be nice to me for once
look at all this yummy food I'm buying
you up buy you this I bought you that I
bought you all this food I hired David
to cook the food you're still can I give
you my wife Gio's ass how much money how
much
no it does it take to x2y how many wives
does it take it takes a while just a
big-ass alarm like four times do I could
use the space Jesus a sheet of paper
no you may you need the battle over 200
but why do you think but Joe's bottle is
probably way more light-skinned than
your dark ass the holes
so are you telling me your nipple colors
the same colors your bottle it's pretty
and light yes
Oh egg thank you she don't give a fuck
what up guys just got back home right
now my hair is wet because I went to a
spa after we ate because I went super
ham on the lifts today and if you look
closely I don't know if you could tell
on the camera but I have a bunch of
bursted blood vessels here and over here
and since the meat is coming around so
soon I want to make sure that my body is
recovered so I went to the spa and I
took a hot bath and then I realized that
we're doing a deem you freaking sneak
attacker
you're ruining my vlog doing over there
so anyways I found out that you actually
feel ten times more relaxed if you do
the hot tub and then he jump into the
ice bath and I jumped into the ice bath
and I stayed in there for like 60
seconds and my body feels so loose right
now and the reason why I need to recover
like I was talking about the blood
vessels is when you lift super heavy I
learned from a Russian powerlifting
summer that I went to top by shake OH
who's like one of the top piloting
coaches in the world to take hot baths
or saunas because it induces extra
circulation so that your body can heal
and recover fast so that's what I've
been doing and that's actually one of
the things that I'm looking forward to
when if we do find our perfect home in
the city is to find one of those
high-rises that has a built in pool and
jacuzzi because I would probably use it
every single heavy lifting day so now
I'm home I'm just gonna answer a couple
emails and I called it a night because
I'm pretty tired and I do want to sleep
these guys look like they're already
gonna sleep already brig is already
sleeping fons sniffing around Meat
Loaf's ass is just hanging off his bed
I think he's passed out too why are you
guys so tired would you guys do all day
nothing what did you do all day nothing
to edit
Yeah right are you excited to move into
the city that's like I always been my
dream coming to LA moving into downtown
really yeah
is that is that something that you feel
like a lot of people from the bay like
aspire to do when they moved to LA I
feel like that's everyone's dream you
know we'll beat LA yeah when people
think I'm moving today it's either
nobody thinks I'm area like this yeah
cuz I like the suburbs yeah everyone
comes from like I think there's anything
of LA it's either downtown or like just
super super nice areas but usually most
realistic to move into a suburb though
that's expensive
I don't think anyone realizes how
expensive its but I was thinking like
okay I'll move here we're gonna barbell
lift head of studio so I could get a
studio for like five six hundred no this
whole house costs I think like 2,500 or
2,700 and that's three bedrooms and it's
1,700 square feet with a garage a
backyard
two bathrooms if you want to move to
downtown 2,700 probably gets you like a
one-person studio with me all parking
yeah nothing downtown's hella expensive
that's what people always move out here
yeah I'm pretty excited too well what
are some things that you want to have a
mouse hopefully I want to have at least
so for sure we need two bedrooms but I
want two bathrooms I hope we have big
windows
I hope we're on a really high floor so
that we can get a really nice city view
holy shit you've been chewing on your
goddamn telecall bra that is fine why
are you chewing under god damn it oh man
we're gonna have to put that cone on you
fine what are you doing
oh it's raw
she better freaking tired wide short got
data font on it I'm asked Jill what we
should do just put her down just put her
down I think that's the best way find
you gotta go I think your life's over to
be continued so would you prefer so I
guess I'm alone and then you can suck
your own dick and you're we're jacking
off then you would have to like like
let's say you have it on the TV
