to me
which was in Korea - should I give her
seat tolls and he and the old lady got
mad at her because she assumed that she
was a hold lady even though she was
because I don't need that why you people
are forcing the seat on me I don't need
it
because you hold this fuck bitch why
America is also really pushy and she's
kind of a bully just kidding I believe
that was me uh Davis a time about your
shirt what's going on what's going on
with your wardrobe row in your hair if
you've noticed in the later days I'm now
shooting a film soon so in order to be
in character I want an extra baggy
clothes a lot more trash here oh really
is that what you're is that why you're
really doing it Oh Jo oh really oh I'm
impressed that you were just being a
lazy fucker that doesn't draw the Camry
only fit above my buzzer Camry really
tell me more about this why why do you
feel you need to do that because when
you're acting to like one of the harder
things for like people to do when they
ask is like character building and
backstory is very difficult like in
terms of like what you're going to do so
for example if my character was a serial
it's like so people who do method acting
right so they become that character so
it's a lot of daydreaming like you you
sit and you develop a story that's not
in the script like for example let's say
I'm playing this kid who is a boxer now
before the story you don't know about
his previous life story right so you as
you're developing this character you're
taking that time to develop a backstory
that's not there so I'm like okay this
kid's a boxer well how did I grow up
well if I'm a really tough kid that I
bet you I grew up in this neighborhood
yeah and I didn't have a lot of money my
mom was probably doing this and that in
order for me to survive so you're
creating all these things yeah and so
for me I'm this this you know whatever
it is kid in the 90s didn't grow up with
a lot I'm taking care of a store I'm
gonna be driving a fucking Tesla No
so it helps me then the character and
get ready for film cool are you are you
tapping into any of your old school
memories a lot of it so the characters
were loosely based off my life so
what country doesn't do anything very
ladies you know what
where the fuck is your shirt it's right
here yep yeah he hasn't worn it the
whole time but yeah Brian you're always
backing him up for no reason
smile is so genuine huh I hurt my hip
you visit yeah it's always got something
to say about me why do you keep picking
on him why do you keep picking on us
I picked on day because he's cute I pick
on you later too she's away stupid dumb
what's up fool you ain't do nothing
Cooper came like a night everyone stop
that's not my dad's I heard I heard
because of those comments you're gonna
get a film on your sliding door uh-huh
I'm you think I fell on my site and
don't because when I vlog there's too
many people walking by os it's
distracting
yeah cause the lighting and it's not
because of bar always making fun of how
you're never working and you're laying
down marks face next to it like this and
you're laying down watching a Family Guy
not on your computer but you're on the
couch I'm a busy man sometimes I need to
relax which is only which is only for a
few minutes I don't know I think
everyone in this office has seen that
position more than you behind your
degree I think I've seen ed I think
everyone in the office also sees the
amount of output I put on the channel do
you see that do you see that what do you
see it - I know just talking about cuz
there's nothing to see though this girl
misses the video every fucking week on
her Channel
why don't you get that email you could
pull down instead of a permanent film
you know how that thing could roll down
oh yeah you're drawing okay I could do
that yeah and now he's thinking for you
- damn David you're just not making
you're not you're not stating a good
place because I want to know when I
could piss on your fucking grave this is
the 2011
just kidding I'm kidding I'm breaking
camera so this is the waste of money I
was talking about waste waste waste this
was supposed to be worth a lot of money
for you who the male then during JK news
I started panicking in the middle of
jaqen yeah during a take I had my pork
rinds right here profession I couldn't
wait because after the take I was gonna
eat some and then I thought Julia
fucking stole it from the bottom and I
was like where the fuck are my pork
rinds and I ate it all in the middle of
it take someone was mid-sentence
explaining a topic he interrupts the
entire take and then he says where on my
pork rinds I'm like really you need to
know right now like in the middle of a
take if we all should see we yell cut
and Bobby's not all pork rinds I don't
know I didn't know how to read it no I
don't know what try cuz I forgot I don't
know if it's pork grinds or pork rinds
with a are right fucking boldly pulley
over here dude whoa holy-holy Pauling so
you thought it was wooly pulley right
instead of that rollers how I was taught
wooly poles who taught you that I don't
know forever is gonna be wooly Pauly's
and I don't know what I don't even know
what Rolie polies are Rolie polies Roly
roly poly it doesn't make sense because
they get into little ball and then it
roll they whoa what is a whoa whoa whoa
hey whoa up I'm the month but this
better watch out follow up on us whoa
what happened oh my what my sighted only
has the 13 seconds
rolled up again when I said Oh Rollie
Rollie pollie what happened what
happened I forgot to roll the median
Brett - what I forgot to roll
oh why do I roll now all of a sudden
it's not wool because we're not talking
about a specific creature to help me as
I say why is your name not thing mo wala
why is it koala cuz the Koala said yo my
name is koala nice to meet you so did
the Rollie pollie know the Wally pol is
in my name is lowly its Rolly with an R
that is know what the ones that I met
never liked y'all with someone in Waldo
where'd you meet him at Folsom Street
Lionel's no no I uncovered a rock and I
met like eight of them at the same time
such a liar
I'm not like you can't even keep a
straight face no Belson streak I'm gonna
give the exact address yes the cops are
gonna go to that house and look up um I
already move 'sister we move on up no
ma'am Belson Street Cerritos nine zero
seven zero three I met eight Wally's at
the same time disgusting you are
disgusting human why you in that are
disgusting human are we discussing I was
leaving pointing at you huh I was
pointing at you she won like if you are
pointing at him and he's are winning at
me girls fucking disgusting ass creature
how the fuck did you learn how to use a
camera you fucking girl I mean have you
looked in the fucking mirror you you
already know what I'm gonna say about
your stupid baster and you know my
technical ways this fool says Rollie
pollie really you want to be on his side
Rollie pollie I don't know who's that
EBL anymore I'm on the right side this
voyage is fucking pork rinds or grinds
like you like to call it pork rinds oh
you know it's a pork grant support my
hands of our fans you guys ever forget
that you need food cuz that happens
never the guy he eats my food all the
time and he's like oh shit I thought I
ate it already yeah I know I got in
trouble because like so I got some in
and out right and then I'm sorry share
fries with Jess and we're driving
well I'm driving back home she's at home
waiting for the food and I decided to
put a couple of fries in my house I was
like how many times when I get things
this floor fries left yeah and I was
like I don't know how that happened
because I could have sworn I paced
myself so you ain't got her Pfizer your
friends both of ours
oh shit cuz it's in the bag so I felt
some fries in the bag so I was like cool
there's some left
but there's only four fries what did she
do she was like how the fuck did you eat
all the fries and I'm like I thought I
saved some but she met she was just like
flabbergasted like how the fuck does
anyone do that and I was like well I
know I'm not the only one because bar a
geo sandwich and he thought it was a
sandwich it's pretty easy like food
daily and look at what just happened I
thought I had pork rinds leftover and
it's in the trash candidates god that's
what yours love yourz his french fries
this will had three egg white the light
setup he had one too
did he hit a third one that's a lot I
don't know it's because the egg white
delight its sliders to me so I could
probably have nine of them if I really
wanted to okay so because of that it's
just kind of like oh it's Oh what
happened they're all gone that's weird
I never said sorry I did they saw us
it's like that day I remember I heard
you say so
I always want to know can you just stop
dick writing please no I don't write
things I just help you learn the truth
yeah you just stop dick writing you
don't learn the truth I know people
always look straight like they are
always different no it's cuz geo still
thinks the world is flat yeah we're just
trying to tell that the world has no I
think your eyes are chinky that's it bro
I small I see the world in a flat way
good morning
boy Alba are you coming from um taking
on that cool I was craving a slippery
today so I got one while you're sleeping
Oh
let's go study really that's all you
gotta say that's it Oh am I supposed to
say something else I know I know you
yeah me
as always obviously
yeah yeah right
I know you you wouldn't be like oh
that's fine
oh you're just projecting that's you
know uh when I get something that you
want you're like we've made them by
weird I'm gonna share it but for me I
don't care okay but I'm not chained if
you're sure you know sure
Yeah right just a bullshit I saw you
scoping the desk the whole time I was
here what what in the world I feel like
I'm being framed you're talking about
okay
all of a sudden oh look there is a
second one where did you put the second
one I knew you're gonna cry if I got one
for myself and again me oh I keep
telling you Oh Jess shit that oh my god
always do that you go with Nathan I
never do that all course she was thirsty
why would it affect my original
bullshitty
oh my god I was uh I wasn't soda thank
you for you know de for me like I can
get flaming hot cheetos and you're
completely full and you're like wait how
come you give me flavor notches on you
just told me you were falling no not
true I can't wait to catch capture when
you have a little baby Tantra I never
have them so
ah all right what were you saying what
just happened all right so I gotta be
like random lot I don't know why but I
put myself through this in my own head
and a lot of the times when we discuss
so right now we just we just discuss um
a shooting that happened in Germany
Germany and this man like he just burst
it into McDonald's and just start
spraying bullets everywhere and like a
lot of people died so my thought just
went to okay we inject news we have a
lot of strong opinions and a lot of
people don't agree with us thinking of
all that and it made me think like you
know if people really wanted to like
find us somehow like they can find ways
and like I just my mind went there so
I'm just picturing like someone just
bursting in start spraying us I'm like
what do i do right now like what would
these guys do like how are we gonna like
protect ourselves and like that that's
no no I have locked the door Matt that I
don't have any guns here I probably
should I probably should leave a good
cuz I'm thinking of like his spirit I'm
like oh that's a weapon what fuck like
how are we gonna protect ourselves with
all you think musical instrument shit I
have a couple here that I could just run
out and get guns you have them here yeah
and they're loaded awesome
they're locked up but they're quick to
grab well now I feel think yeah I just
didn't tell nobody
well you should these are the stuff you
should say I fucking swing that
motherfucker
and I run back cuz you're my special
stuff his special stuff do we have a
protocol I have mine on my product on my
house so I know I have a gun and my
nightstand gun in her nightstand and
then we have guys in other places in the
house so I know that if motherfuckers
want to come did you guys train a team
too
yeah I should know but like clean him in
like in your home yeah he knows where
they are
yeah he knows all of that so I haven't
told Mike if I can work on and you feel
unsafe or whatever he knows exactly yeah
all the time and doctor tell me a better
story there
goodnight their detonation and even
though uh but I gun safety knows the
keys he knows where the keys are so if
its world like world war five I don't
know what could be like because of these
thoughts of mine like I would want you
guys to train us to like in cases like
like in my head what would we do like
what would be the protocol how do we
follow your guys we'd because you're
long it knows how to use these weapon
I think the best protocol is if you take
a handgun of course yeah all of us take
it cuz um I would I've been like deathly
afraid of guns like forever right and
then he's been pushing it on me since
forever and I'm like I'm not gonna do
I'm I'm gonna do it just give me a
crossbow I don't want to do it I don't
want to do it huh for the whole Oh so
then uh so then he signed me up for this
competition I'm like I don't want to do
it if I can hate the way that the
compression feels I hate how loud it is
I hate like the quote the recoil I hate
all that shit but then after I took the
course I got so well acquainted with a
gun that now I'm like this is not bad at
all and it gave me this new confidence
of like I still don't like them I'm so
scared of it but I'm knowledgeable and I
can handle it just in case some shit
happens I have this ready to go
Safety's on it's unloaded but I could do
it really fast and I keep it loaded hit
it in locked you see look at look at the
muzzle awareness it's not pointing
anything he's not intending the kill
look at that you're all very responsible
uh with you and Casey though I know
Casey is completely against them and is
it because of fear or just other reasons
it's interesting too cookies uh Texas
man yeah and it was really interesting
because the first time we went to go
shoot he was like I feel like a man and
he was just like really into it so I'm
like I feel like a man if we do this a
gun come from it I have it really like
sat down and picked his brain about it
but I'm curious to like I want to know
where like what not don't cares dude
because it's not everyone wants to shoot
someone though even if there
posing a threat yeah so he might just
not be comfortable with shooting a live
thing but then when it's like your
life's in danger it's nice to me neither
I'm right there with him assuming that's
the reason um but it's nice and
comforting to know that if this is
something that's happening to me I have
options so is anybody either
but if shit hits the fan I want to be
comfortable enough to know that I can
shoot his finger off or shoot his toe
off and have my choices bullshit you
know what I'm not even thinking that I
get that I'm looking like I'm being
precise enough we're like I'm trying to
hurt him and stop him as little as
possible yeah cuz I'll because it to me
it's fucked up to have to take a life
yeah you don't want that on your life if
I can just disable him then that's
awesome yeah that's the Chairman I can
do the rest with zip ties tie them up
call the cops I'm not law enforcement
yeah law enforcement to do their job I
just want to be able to stop them from
any more harm on me on my family or
whatever yeah yeah that's how I feel too
like when I have these crazy scenarios
in my head I'm like fuck I don't know
what to do like what am i doing I would
feel so much better if I would take that
course I like her get to know like if we
can establish an office protocol like
this is this shit that goes down like
it's this shit goes down because what we
do oh shit about Marty Martin myself all
the time
I don't know we've been gentleman like
barred and I have a public protocol and
then we have a protocol for home so in
public if some shit were to happen if
someone start shooting like in the case
of the story that we just talked about
um it's like okay we're gonna we're just
gonna split up we go in different
directions find safety and then we'll
call one another in contact a whole time
though
and then we Riga and then we will hit up
one another and then see where we're at
that's so smart but in the case where
you guys just don't have any form of
community no we made contact like verbal
contact
so she can't be like more than 20 30
feet away from me yeah yeah sorry we're
not going in completely opposite
directions yes but we're not gonna stay
like we wouldn't stay together for me my
initial was like I want to be next to
you like fuck that I don't want to be by
myself but then
the best thing to do yeah so hopefully
in a situation like like that where it's
like a crazy emergency I don't just have
a brain fart and then just stick to him
I don't know I don't know what I'm gonna
do and I hope I'm never tested because I
don't want to fail and in those
situations communication is key so we
might have a protocol but if something
bad happens now y'all stick with me then
that's what I expect her to do that
overrides everything else so if someone
does come in all crazy now y'all
everyone go to the back
everyone should run to the back you know
that's communication is key and under
attack my head is right there right now
and I'm just like yeah my head palms are
so sweaty Hickey I'm here to take that
course okay that's super trained that we
were super trained in the military which
is kind of cool so I won't do like are
our patrols or whatever and then we have
like our whole platoon and then we're
just like grouping you know keeping eyes
open making sure whatever and then
they'll be like simulated attacks and as
soon as there's a simulate attack
whoever notice notice is where the
attack is coming from the contact left
as soon as it's contact lifts everyone a
light left side immediately assumes
position gets down low to avoid gunfire
and all those guys on the right they now
provide a shield chill uh well
protection by protection on the right
and the in the back and only a few guys
here because we need most of our
firepower going down this way so if that
is neutralized let me get back up and
then we have reason to all the hand
signal don't know any of it anymore
you're gonna have it ready to go and
then we get back up and there we go yeah
I remember half that long time
damn all this training that you got that
like so good and tactical you have no
idea anymore cuz I want to call me
school after and that was way more fun
but you still recall a whole bunch of
Boy Scout shit that oh yeah so stuff
that you learn as a kid you remember a
lot I think when I have kids I'm gonna
enrich them as much as
Hospital because that stuff it's like
you could try to learn a language in a
25 and if you don't use it if I just
forget it
a lot of the stuff that you don't want
to get time to go to sleep it is you
know one of my favorite parts before
actually getting into bed is well
there's two things I like to do wait
what do you things I like to do three
things
what three things I really love doing as
soon as I get home the first thing is
what do you think it seemed the dogs and
paying the dogs yes that's one of them
but I guess before getting ready for bed
or uh getting ready for bed by three
things I love to do getting ready for
bed uh one of them is taking off your
bra yes and letting the nipples come out
yes and get reception feels so good I
get four bars and you'll understand how
restricting bras are it just feels like
just fucking tight hands just like
gripping your fucking bra like your boob
all day and just telling it to stay
there a little to piss yeah so that's
one of them and I'll include just taking
off my clothes for the day I'll include
that in the removing the bra okay my
second one the second one is uh taking a
little break before you go to sleep no
which I don't know why you do but you
always Anam laying in bed like right now
you're late a bit but I guarantee you
have to get back up to do something and
then you go back to sleep no I'm ready
Yeah right what what I'm ready no my
second one um is me pulling out your
blanket no I do oh you do yeah
um brushing your teeth could you have
stinky breath all day
Jesus digging on my contacts taking out
your contacts
I love taking on my contacts something
you are already forgetting I don't even
know what context or I know I see the UM
I see our contact case and in the eye
solution it's all you
I'm like dang this all mean a party of
one
yeah it's very awesome cuz like right
now usually by this time I have my
contacts on I'm blind I can't see
anything I can see everything
yeah I just go to sleep and then I wake
up like I see everything yeah you said
you kind of didn't like it cuz uh in the
middle of the night you always have to
pee like always without a fail have to
and you were like I used to like being
blind because it would never fully wake
me up yeah Mike us in a state of like
still being half asleep on penis I can't
even sleep in two anyways yeah now I can
see things are kind of waste my little
boy well I'm still very excited about
that need to nice okay my last thing
that I really love doing is tucking me
in no you don't like taking me in not
not that I don't like taking you but
it's not one of the top 3 things then
what is it then because I'm talking
about getting ready for bed you keep
pulling anything that is not me getting
ready for bed
come here me love what is it that I'm a
meal of it big kitty he just walked her
he loves getting pet she move your head
let's move this movie book people close
to him he's that guy oh boy you love
love Vicky did it
yeah you didn't care got enough alright
the last thing I really love doing
before I go to bed is taking off my
makeup taking this whole thing off
because during the day and I know you
there's something that you're not gonna
be able to relate to it's you can't
really touch your face or if your eyes
itchy yet the final way that you can
like scratch that itch or take care of
that itch without fucking up your eye
makeup so there's time because I wear
mascara and eyeliner and I want to rub
my eyes so bad but I have to go up here
somewhere eyeshadow and have to like rub
it appears that I can't fuck with it
yeah that's what my makeup
yeah or I feel like you just feel it on
your skin like you like after like at
the end of the day just feels cakey cuz
I think by that point it's really mixed
with like the small the air the dirt
your oils if you were sweating like it
just feels like this like layer of gunk
I know we're talking about you do yeah
cuz I'm so fucking greasy that you know
I was telling you like for you when you
get into the hot tub at a ginger bond
where it's like over 120 degrees yeah
that's me just going into the room with
no windows up and I close the door again
I'm so sensitive to heat as soon as I go
into a room and there's no ventilation
no a/c like most people don't
they'll be normal they'll be normal
right like it feels normal to that if
it's room temperature for these four
hours and they'll start heating up yeah
I feel the heat within the first second
Wow because of that I'm so sweaty and
greasy that like I could just feel my
entire body being coated and Vaseline oh
so that's why I like before I go to
sleep even though I don't fully shower
yeah I turn on the water just so that it
can take that layer of Vaseline on when
I put a blanket over me actually feel
the blanket the nights that I don't
rinse I just feel like okay there's the
blanket and there's a layer of Vaseline
and there's me yeah I get it so like it
just fits so like what you feel on your
face I feel in my entire body cuz that's
how crazy I am
I get it are you wearing gel that's why
I just I just rinsed I just rinse I rent
at night and I take a shower in the
morning and you're the very first person
I've ever heard of this what exactly is
a difference what rent and shower rinse
I just go in there I use the water and I
kind of use my hand and I just go like
this and just kind of rinse my armpits
and just kind of wash things away kind
of like you know you ever wash your hand
not with soap you just did go like this
no cuz I figured what's the point I
might as well just use a soap no cuz he
could if you soak like ten times your
hands I get held at dry well I still do
it right also for me like I'm not really
dirty dirty cuz I don't really do
anything but I just have the stuff
that's coming up on the inside out so I
just rinse in the morning I use soap cuz
I like that feeling of like smelling
good and then I use the soap and shampoo
in the morning but at night I just rinse
so I pretty much take two showers a day
it's just one time I use somebody shot
up through the other time it's just the
water that's not a shower yeah it's a
rinse but I feel way better
I feel clean I don't feel so greasy yeah
I tried doing your method and then just
can't cuz then I don't feel satisfied if
I don't smell good you know what I mean
and if my skin like but it's an extra
layer of clean so if you only shower
once a day
you're not as clean as if you shower
once a day any other rinse the second
time of day
hmm I mean no cuz I feel like all you're
doing is just mixing your bodily gunk no
you're not there soon cuz when the water
hits you it's rolling downwards just
gravity if you get a cup right and you
have coffee in the cup you pour water in
it without soap
you just keep swirling around by that
but sooner or later it's gonna be clear
but the surface is different usually
Tears pores are we talking about no your
skin it is porous if you scrub it but
what we actually have like dolphin skin
so we actually have skin like horror the
pores are hella tight
we actually have skin that's made to
swim around in water so when you pour
water on your skin it doesn't disappear
it's not like it's a paper towel it
rolls off and it rolls off along with
all the other gunk that's on it and this
is scientific or is this one of those it
just sounds right this is scientific you
swear yeah you test it pour water on
yourself does your skin absorb it no I'm
talking about removing that layer of
dirt that your dog yeah that's its
gravity you don't know but you always
you don't smell you don't smell very
clean yes I do
I don't know your side of the bed always
smells funny especially the pillow you
just have a fuck ton of testosterone so
I'm always like its exuded out of me all
the time that's not my fault I'm just
such a fucking man alright alright
alright before we get too big-headed for
this big bed that we have we'll end it
here so today was a very nice day
spent it JK but for Jay King news shaky
news is always fun because we spend a
whole day with our friends just laughing
talking about your shit and just sharing
our opinions with the world how'd you
like today I liked it yeah
nothing crazy any Thailand go to do JK
news and I get to sleep one hour oh
you're gonna mine I'm down because I
just need kind of like a little halftime
break in the middle of the day and then
it can help power me through the rest of
the day fine so actually look I really
really look forward to the 1 hour nap I
get down damn tall while I look forward
to spending time with my friends I do
that too but I also look forward to the
one or not alright alright got it
alright guys thank you so much for
watching adios goodnight
what as much as chicken astana mananas
tambien
so would you prefer so I guess I wonder
if you were a guy and then you could
suck your own dick and you were jacking
off then you would have to like like
let's say you have it on the TV
didn't you they let look at the portal
already how like I can point up
