once again mob bear is the hardest
person in the world to wake up wake up
my bear
sure okay let's see why do you have both
blankets on Nia
hold on line mama we got to go all right
we have some TV shows to pitch today Oh
go wake up kids
wake up her mama remember fun fun fun it
up wait come here funny good go wake
your mama up that's good
fine hurry up and wake up
yeah ask Jill questions ask for about
her two t-shirt and then I'm stiffens
about her titties hey you dumb bitch
where did you go back to 24 yep
don't worry about me Monica will try to
ask me if I went back to whatever I did
just a kiss you don't even I do so what
are we doing today today is actual ditch
day
yeah pitch day which means we're meeting
with the bigwigs oh and we're trying to
convince them of how amazing wheel does
bigwigs what kind of terminology is that
you know what I'm talking about though
nope the suits could be now ahead of
honchos is that why you actually look
decent today do I
thank you David you plugged up you
fucking well first of all let's talk
about how high your fucking shirt is is
it what's the whole point of fucking
having a boo job if your fucking tits
are there for the fucking meeting thank
you
I get it I get it all three are you
bitches fucked up okay can we get up can
we get it you can't tell me sick because
I didn't get a boob job
well what's up you can't tell me you
trying to pay for my boobs you know what
the proper cleavage is your your areolas
your areolas should be coming out like
the top of a rainbow your your nipple
should look like Bart's nipples on it in
a t-shirt in a cold day like that it
should be fucking protruding outside why
you always gotta be his backup man what
why I know what he's talking about he
needs further explanation why we got to
be a sidekick because you can't
understand what I'm saying
I don't explain for you nobody that what
about it alone if you understand it
doesn't validate your point when one
crazy motherfucker backs up the other
crazy motherfucker or maybe it's just
you same easy to no I am NOT I'll
fucking dare you I will slice your face
off and put it on a backpack that is
fucking crazy at all that is normal I
don't understand how come you're not
down for the team I'm so down
the team oh you got for the team that I
just feed through shirt for today where
why are there four where your nipples
it's didn't you know don't brother to
make that shit apart my nipples are so
dark around that every white t-shirt I
wear is a CT shirt well then he wins
why didn't you go take off your shirt go
let it look a little more
that's parts job he's the naked guy he
always gets naked yeah are just rewarded
well anyway oh wow that footage got dark
you look so much prettier this way you
said I look nice
I don't but this is better that's where
you're a complete shadow you know what
you fucked up admit it this is amazing
how do you feel David since we're gonna
go out pitch a TV show and this is like
a big thing for all of us actually put
the camera on you thank you welcome well
for small believe it this is the bails
all right and I'm the eye on the so what
I feel is not down for the fucking team
I am David so comedy but I'm also now
just kidding films but this up because
you're just working on a bunch of your
own lag gaiz project finally I think
it's pretty fun I mean the cool thing is
I think at the end of the day like what
we're finding out is just just like to
work with friends so this is super
exciting because the the
this channel in and of itself it's like
indicative to all of our friendship so
yes it doesn't really there isn't like
thought to it so what you guys see on
just kidding news
it's like real-life interaction that's
essentially how the channel started it
was just all of us just talking bullshit
and it's like this is some funny shit
everybody's laughing why don't we just
put this on camera see what happens and
just turns out that we have an audience
for it so it's kind of awesome that we
could take this platform and then bring
it to a bigger network that can take our
ideas and even further it more because
the one thing that we're missing is you
jumping out of an airplane this isn't
funny
I'm not jumping out of it but you're
afraid of heights - so what the fuck -
just me Oh we'll talk all together you
see no I've okay yeah cuz I don't want
to be responsible for his death I don't
mind no yes you did know I was fool you
always did it work papa bear huh we
touch to see the chin maybe a sea lion
with his butthole oh inside I was
laughing I was like no you were there
was no it was all - what never see
somebody bite their key - shaking like
something I was like I'm not gonna smell
farts anymore no one's gonna fucking
people you don't even smell farts
anymore wasn't last one I farted in
front of you don't let it far in front
of you
exactly gg-get part for you know I only
have you smelled this part I only saw I
only fart when we're on a plan and your
heads on my lap now only part of your
face that's it Tamar fucking passed out
vomiting
which we thing at the mouth you're
always so tough right when the camera
hits but we all know at home it's all
awesome I supposed to give my pant and
that my man boners oh please oh please
like sex - whatever
you have nothing - six I just made your
ask first of all I'm very uncomfortable
right now and took it to a place I did
not want it to go to I'm thinking like
that it says Oh cameras off now
what are you gonna do what do you guys
need to do they're saying that we're on
the thirty-third or 34:34 and they're
seeing that there's this view that is
really high
yeah Jerris especially if we're scared
of heights and me and David are really
scared of heights
yeah so we're gonna go look and see what
happens I know so Vinny's Oh Lynette
said that he's called not even scared of
them I get in here he's not afraid of
heights but even he gets dizzy
so I think we said was yet to press your
nose against the window
I'm sorry trying to work oh my god dude
unlike ladle pieces for Marco
you did it good job dude that's too high
you're yelling got him in trouble I know
buddy got me it'll be like being tickled
how did you feel like the meeting went I
thought was really cool the guy of the
network was really chill really latched
on he opened up with like a really funny
topic and he said we found it funny he
was talking about jinx or something to
chinks really cheesesteak she said yeah
so that topic already it just felt like
something that we were talking about in
use and so we just started talking about
it and it was just it was funny it was
fun it was like we got loose immediately
and we just ourselves awesome go super
chill I really liked it so I'm ready for
the next one and they said that the next
one is gonna be even chillier some like
cuz it's mtv2 so the other one they
already used to like young energy yeah
awesome how did you feel about it David
looks great I mean usually like with
these pitch meetings because they want
to see my energy and
yeah like like in all eyes I'm he said
it himself we killed it dude
as long as that person's laughing
genuinely yeah interesting they feel
like you can go somewhere yeah it's
great so I think we all did a great job
and we're not offering anything that's
not really to us yeah so it's us that
they're seeing and naturally we're like
that so we're not really selling
anything about ourselves so at the end
of the day I think it works out well for
all of us right cuz yeah we're pitching
ourselves to a television network and
we're not doing something where we don't
want to do this is what we want to do
yeah and then we're trying to give you
guys content that's going to be ten
times better than what you seen on a
ring because I would have money that we
could spend on doing crazy shit exactly
so if you guys wanted to see some crazy
shit this is what's gonna be like we can
get David to talk about of an airplane
with no parachute okay how did you feel
when Joe
it was Magnifico I feel like he had a
little doubt about how we can do this
shit I was like chill dude we got this
once we came in we killed it and we went
back downstairs he's like just do that
again I don't have any notes you guys
were great and I was like mouthful game
days our middle name so I know yesterday
you were telling me dad you're a little
bit nervous to go into your first pitch
meeting we just finished it how do you
feel now
I feel 100% higher because of the fact
that after our free pitch meeting
yesterday it really made all the worries
go away
I was just nervous like okay how should
I add connect to like we should I wear
like she kind of arrested before joined
just try to be myself or like you know I
had all these thoughts in my head but
then after having that in-betweening I
feel like talking through it all out
having Roy to say no see you guys be
yourself just be like pretending we're
doing a jig is up the zone and just be
yourself we're in there and that really
made me feel less nervous because I'm
like okay they're not trying to do
anything I just got a beauty pass
there's gotta be a few guys and just be
friends and I'm at chemistry we
naturally already know
first pitch how do you think we did how
do you think we did I saw like you all
have a really good time and so was honey
yeah I think I think we definitely made
an impression especially basically Becca
why do you keep acting here just like
that was perfect
like I felt proud of it let's say we get
the TV show picked up and they have a
great idea to make Isaac the mascot and
he has to get involved in eating like
roaches off the floor and he has to pull
on grandma's titties and stuff like what
you be down he's gonna be on TV no I
mean there's 30 pounders definitely I
mean there's only eight how am I gonna
let him know I mean so you gotta you
gotta make sure he get he's able to get
away with those things first before he
turns 18
cooter 18 then you're gonna get in big
trouble yeah he's on TV I know it's fake
his TV is fake so I know he's acting but
you know real or fake it though I agree
go like the actions are real but I'm
thinking the intention he's not pulling
on the titty the titties will get a
pervert yeah
I'm already having to deal with though I
am not turning into Justin Bieber
getting like the attention to his head
yeah there's older kids in school there
that are his fans yeah I'm like right
now working on that yeah thank you one
thing at a time one thing at a time
gotcha like the struggles of a of a mom
that has a celebrity son oh jeez that's
true so we're getting a little impromptu
lunch not even the right word wait I
don't even know I don't even know why I
said that we're getting lunch not that
much time we found this place okay why
you making fun of me you said we're just
getting luck other fucker
we're already getting a frazzled end of
lunch it's fine look at the people are
always like squats the once and the
hipsters they make miss pick a different
way sounds like a horrible unser living
our impromptu lunch one of the great
things about having a significant other
is having a a little honeydew melon to
share my sandwich with yeah exact oval
on the roast beef and guess what I
decided to get both we cut it right in
the middle of these little little doodle
so I have a little chicken a little over
here not a roast beef over here that
sounds good the words all right I'm
turning off the camera now we are on to
the second meeting of the day look how
close it is to it and that's because
we're in an elevator so we're all packed
in here mommy is it time to go out yep
okay oh look at the mirror
my bear yes my mother what if this show
picks up but one of these networks that
were meeting with then we're not having
any kids and then all these girls want
to come after me and they just can't
resist me like they already can't was
this meal already but now imagine if I'm
on TV
they're gonna be like oh I wanna suck
Bart's duck how would you feel I would
be very honored and I'd feel like how
would compliment thanks girls
if you fuck attention I'm gonna cut your
fucking Lord out of here fucking you're
so jealous mom bad boy what do you want
property what the fuck so I am your
property yeah yeah I'm not you told me
we're not each other's property I said
you are my property on your property I
don't need to fight
you're like my fucking dirty chocolates
oh so funny we can put that you're my
dirty jokes are we each other's dirty
chanclas did all right fine I get to
tell you what to do that no yes you get
to tell me what to do - I had to take
turns letting each other order to the
room and down
do you like the vibe of this place
better the other place even though we
haven't seen anyone but just I guess
architectural uh it's completely
different talk
skyress no but this one feels hipper it
does a random picture of two kids making
out over there
the way hipper for sure yeah yeah your
rightful and I get the ceiling texture I
don't even know what that is
looks like you wash clothes on her
sometimes cuz when I was at Universal
it's never smoke when I was at your
wersal why didn't you hit I felt like
those rooms that we were in I felt like
that but then they would try to like put
art or whatever on it but not this kind
of art they were just drawn oh yeah tell
me about your universal experience when
you're interned there not much was just
a bunch of college kids and we worked on
different campaigns and we've done a lot
of research like who's a demographic
what age group what are these what is
this adrià food do for fun that we did
a bunch of research like that well how
does it feel to go back to the same
building that you're at where you were
interned before now you're more focused
are
it was nostalgic for one and then for
two like I kept looking around like I
was interning now and I kept trying to
look at the time and so yeah that was
fun but I didn't get to get go on the
same floor where it was yeah so I didn't
really get the feeling of like remember
this place it was cool it felt like
really cool to go back there but with a
different like agenda this time because
I was trying to suck dick for were you
not literally
oh um but now trying to people suck my
dick cuz me and Joe actually been in
that building couple times before
dealing with different companies one of
them was called black being it's
Shaquille O'Neal and Kevin Hart's comedy
company and even just going back again
it does feel a bit different because
back in those days I think we only had
like 200 thousand subs and those
companies already scouting us they'd
been scouting uh serology guys our
sketch comedy that's dope and then
nothing really came out of it because I
think it was at a time where no one
really knew what to do with the online
talent and online talent didn't have big
enough ideas that can really cross over
the TV so it there is yeah so there is a
difference now that we go there and now
it's actually the crossover is happening
that that's where the pitching is going
down yeah so I'm really excited
yeah like both were growing as well as
the TV Cup
they're going to yeah they're growing
they're learning they're adapting
they're finally changing their holes
boys
so we just got back from pitching TV
shows and look what we come back to what
I was not expecting this at all
um there were a few adjustments that
needed to be made for this thing yeah so
the assembled it lines and then they had
to take it down and then this is the
process of the reassembly so as you can
see here there's still a lot of like
shit like patchwork that they gotta fix
yeah he's gotta fill it in yeah actually
cuz this was like different colors so
they gotta fix all this shit and then
they added the grass they added the
pavement this is really freaking cool
like this is so fucking awesome
they raised up the trust because the
trust was going into the peak of the
trust is that the metal stuff that you
hang lights and audio equipment from for
and then as you guys notice the
repellers yes whoo now looks like a tree
this thing looks like a straight-up tree
on camera it looks awesome um so that if
we ever do like go for a wide and this
happens to be in the shot
then you don't make sense it's a tree
and it brings a foreground element um
and then they did it over there for that
one as well yes so all this back here
you're not going to see any more she's
gonna be a blue backdrop it's gonna be
the sky yeah it's gonna be sky which is
really dope then the fence is gonna be
in front of the blue sky so it's gonna
create so much dimension so much space
it doesn't look so flat like our current
office yeah this is so exciting cuz it's
like I've been seeing it like digitally
like this is what its gonna look like
and and you just kind of have to use
your own imagination because they can't
make it look real life they just give
you the digital version digital version
which is made like it looks like they
don't use this software but it looks
like they make it on Photoshop and just
use a bunch of shapes yeah so it looks
kind of tacky but then seeing it now and
seeing like they did this by hand they
painted all of this to make it look
weathered like this looks like wooden
shingles but it's actually plastic it's
crazy yeah movie magic
bad yellow door oh cool nice yeah so it
gives it like it pops of color so what
you guys are looking at right now this
is going to be the future of the just
kidding party set so oh cool look how
far away babies are geo or mama bear so
it's going to be a tree house all the
way over there and what you're looking
at is the future of the JK party set and
the reason why we decided to choose the
front yard is because we do a lot of
challenges and we call each other out
and we're very competitive and it kind
of reminded us of the youthfulness
and the type of shenanigans that went on
in front of people's houses in their
front yard when he grew up and play and
for us were like what we're adults now
but we still play and act as if we're
kids so why don't we bring these
challenges to the front yard and we're
going to make a professional set that
looks just like a front yard but the
most amazing thing to me is we just came
back from pitching a TV show but when
when the TV producers come and visit us
they're like dude you don't really even
need us because you guys are doing the
same shit that you guys are pitching of
course they have way more money and like
what's possible on the cheap and
experience and what's possible on a TV
show is like way crazier but it's still
amazing I think to both them and us that
were able to still make our little
dreams a little bit bigger a little bit
bigger a little bit bigger and we went
from filming and a house to having even
a set like this this is so crazy
this is crazy and the more it's being
put together the more it's like I can't
wait to film in you already come on
what's taking so long like I want to see
this like in the videos already I want
to see how we're gonna use it I want to
see this place to get trashed
I want to run back and forth like we
have a lot of space to do a lot of crazy
shit now this looks awesome I'm really
excited I'm excited too my bear yay I
love you I love you too this is way
better than the first don't have sex
behind a tree no god dammit
sorry not romantic behind a tree
weird on the on the tree fuck goes doing
tree so would you prefer so I guess I'm
alone - if you were a die and then you
could suck your own dick and you were
jacking off then you would have to like
like let's say you have it on the TV
then the other way
look at the porn off oh you have like I
think one of our own
