seven o'clock in the morning right now
and I'm hella tired but I have a really
big well a semi big date today and I'll
tell you guys all about it right after I
work out
what I'll just finished training had a
really good session even though I didn't
have my workout partners with me because
I'm training on a weird day so usually
we train tomorrow but because tomorrow
so here comes the big thing I was going
to tell you guys tomorrow we're actually
going to be pitching the JK news to a
bunch of TV networks because a lot of
people are interested in turning JK news
and JK party and JK films into one big
TV show so that's the big news it's
fucking awesome we've been working on
this for like the past I would say
almost six months it takes a long time
to get a TV show started you know so um
also I'm not gonna lie I think I had a
little bit too much pre-workout because
I was so tired from last night that I
really have to take a shit right now so
as I'm talking and walking I'm clenching
the shit out of my butt cheeks because I
don't want to crap in my pants hopefully
I didn't say that to that but anyways
yeah so we're going to be pitching a TV
show tomorrow and today we have our the
reason why I say today is also semi-big
is since none of us have done this
before we have a pre pitch meeting at
the production company with Roy banks
so Roy Bank is the producer that is kind
of spearheading and behind us on all of
this and he is the one that that I
really believes in us and I like him a
lot because he's the one that created
the TV show smarter than a fifth grader
so he has a lot of experience he does a
lot of high-level TV show productions
and for someone like him to believe in
us I'm like oh cool like he really sees
something in us so he's gonna arrange
for like this pre pitch meeting to kind
of brief us on what we need to say how
we need to act what goes down in it
what's the agenda for the day
okay so the office is locked but there's
lights this is weird I'm I ring the
doorbell I don't know why it's locked
but there's light inside of the office
this makes it so much worse
because I have to take a dump like I
told you but no one is inside but the
lights are on
oh okay someone is inside
it's Marie do you know why it's locked
is it cuz you're the only one here oh
sorry
okay knots okay so it's locked for
safety reasons which is completely
understandable and so now I'm in the
office now and it kind of sucks today
even though like where it's a big day
because um of the DB shoulding like I
was telling you but it kind of sucks
because I don't get to spend time with
the pup-pups today and I've been loving
bringing the dogs with me to the office
like that's one of the perks of having
your own business is you kind of create
your own rules and I've been loving
bringing the dogs of the office with me
every time I work here cuz they love
being with us and I love being with them
but today because of all the traveling
and different stops we have to go to I
don't know what my schedule is going to
be a little bit unpredictable until
nighttime when I have a series of
Barlowe Brigade meetings um was I gonna
say oh yeah I'm kind of sad that I can't
have the dogs with me and on that note I
need to go take a dump so I just
finished taking a shit and which is why
I'm butt-naked
cuz I'm getting ready to shower but as I
come out to get my clothes ready guess
who is the biggest queue NEPA tuning of
them all mah bear is cuz she got me my
lunch which saves me more time so I'm
gonna actually go eat with her and then
just take a shower after but I don't
have enough hands so I guess I'll make
two trips but this is my food it's a
whopper grill which is chicken and rice
teriyaki sauce and a side of chicken
thanks mama bear for getting me lunch
welcome you know the rule yeah
fulfillment here oh there's a rule yeah
oh shit I forgot about that rule we do a
lot of top-secret stuff that we don't
want to just leak out to a select few we
want the masses to see it all at once
because we're trying to drop it like BAM
drop it like a beat in a dubstep song
yeah
my best I don't think I've shown anyone
my dad's gay the Amish are show people
your desk yeah okay cool so let's talk
about your desk let's talk about my desk
so um initially I got one of those desks
that it'll eat here about anything and
I'm like oh I need to be more efficient
with space um I don't want to have too
much fish I really didn't know what the
setup is going to be and then I see
Aaron's desk
pan over there and that shit's like a
mini island inside of our office that
takes up a whole new space you know like
hopping I'm trying to be conservative
and this guy has a freaking stage setup
over here but he does a lot of like
hands-on type work so he meets a big
display to lay out like garments and all
that any measure stuff out and he does a
lot of a lot of Aaron type stuff didn't
really need that no okay
I beg to differ all right Murray now
who's doing all that look at all little
her spaces she's the one I oh he was
being very nice and she's the one that
needs to measure garment she's the one
that needs to sample stuff look at it
not Aaron
but anyway so then I saw that I'm like
oh eras onto something and then I
figured well if he took up this much
realistic then that means I put a cab at
much for the state of maternity it's
fair um so then I saw so initially I
wanted a desk that was gonna make me
feel like I have open space yeah that'll
I can't really work by myself I don't
like being in an office I feel very
lonely give me the sad so I like to be
with people but so why don't you go work
at a club that night where it's popping
like a motherfucker and I don't like
drunk people don't want you go to
Disneyland and bust I work over there
you know what that is a dream of mine
that I'm gonna fulfill I'm gonna work at
Disneyland you don't get distracted
it isn't it no just having a ton of
people around you no not at all cuz
what's really cool at least about this
atmosphere is everyone has their tasks
that they have to take care of and then
people will randomly take the
here and there but it's very short so
you like working with people around you
love working with people around me I see
um but because of that we are limited
with space and then everything feels
really cluttered and it feels really
small so because of that I wanted a
space that felt open and airy so then I
started looking into more glass top desk
and and I think it took me like about a
month to write to find the right desk
and then when I found it it was on
backorder for about six weeks I said
screw it whatever I'll just deal with it
um so then I saw this bad boy and I
bought it and I waited six weeks and
maybe about three weeks ago it just came
in everyone already had their desk set
up they had all the cute decorations and
stuff but I was still like I don't have
anything yet so this is your desk this
big-ass glass desk
yeah very open with the cool wooden legs
yeah this is always really cool is
handcrafted so every single face yeah is
it different green whoa just because you
can't but I mean let's fake you can't
believe I hate the color wood true uh
and then it has like a brass I don't
know what this is called like a brass
metal piece here that's holding it
together it's called a brackish a
practice is it really are you looking
for me I'm not just made it up damn it
until it's so legit yeah I kind of get
the theme going with the brass and the
and the wood and the and the see-through
stuff so a bunch of the like my little
oh cool we got a little clear stapler
yeah clear state plan and
your boss oh nice then you got some
clear broccoli in here was it weed oh
yeah it does look like weed I'm so
innocent
I said broccoli thank you it's moss okay
it's moss and I keep saying I'm gonna
get succulents for within the more I
look at it I'm like it's kind of cute I
saw I was at Michael's trying to pick up
like some sort of greenery yeah feel
like this often office needs color and
utter color than you know mother nature
um and what's funny is that I went to
Michael's to get mother nature but
that's only because I don't want to dad
I wanted to look pretty all the time so
I was over there trying to get that then
I saw Moss with tan and I saw the those
those face things yeah oh and be a cool
little project then I just bought bought
it and I put it together um I have a
mirror here which is really funny
because where I'm sitting my position
here I can't see Aaron is his big-ass TV
literally a TV but that's we use at the
screen yeah um but now that I placed
this mirror here here I can see him a
million times better
oh cool yeah just look there yeah I just
look here and I can have a conversation
with her and then it might be a little
like it's kind of like an alternative to
shelving dad like a drawer because as
you can see don't have any drawers
anything so then I can file stuff there
or have it a hold it there so it's kind
of like my wall my wall drawers and then
what about this carpet oh yeah this
carpet I don't know I just saw it on my
kiddos this is one of the few that that
actually had almost like here yeah wow
it looks so non IKEA yes looks nice
Thanks kind of matches your shoes
actually a little flower oh yeah they
got like flowers my mom everything at
home will was had flowers
um yeah and it was one of the few that
actually delivered and it matched and
like that I'll take a gamble while going
to get this one and it worked it worked
really nice and then more storage space
here that I've yet to fill up old I had
a magic chair this is supposed to be
mounted on the wall but I'm kind of
scared because the wall is just drywall
there's no rolling wood being that will
support it so I'm afraid that it'll just
like topple over so I can hang stuff
here and it's and it serves as shelving
initially it was brass why not even
brass but it was like what was it what
clothes this it was like a silver not
breast um and it didn't match everything
else I was trying to do such a spot
spray paint and I got a brass color and
I spray-painted it so matches a bit it's
like so use it that's awesome
I came in here to eat with you oh and
now I got a big explanation of your desk
and now you put me back like 10 minutes
because now less than 10 minutes - all
right I'm just kidding I enjoyed
learning about your desk sure it's not
playing with my emotions damn it that's
my job all right well you're killing it
now you made me all hot okay let's make
you hot
how do you feel being at your first
premium pitch pitch pretty pre pitch
meeting it's exciting because I've never
done this like you mentioned it's our
first time so I'm down to learn like
etiquette or um I don't even know one of
them honestly some down you know what
this is about
uh so we're gonna do a lot of we're
gonna attend a lot of I guess TV
networks all for this JK like TV pitch
mm-hmm and then I think you just wanna
meet cast and just see how Mike everyone
vibes and just kind of get an overall
feeling of us on so collective so um
our producer friend is gonna tell us
like I guess how to act or what to
expect what I do not know pretty much oh
yeah how do you feel Julia nervous why
are you nervous cuz I never been to one
before
I'm nervous and excited but everything
just still still approached I'm looking
at this I'm seeing how like this open
windows here and how like a natural
light coming in I'm like wow this is
love like you're being a pre pitch
meeting I don't know that's in person
that I got it windows have nothing to do
with pre pitch media they don't feel
what she feels because since I internet
Universal and stuff like I got to see a
lot of this stuff like big Hollywood
hurts though it feels so bad it has
really grabbed
we knew and I mean I've seen conference
rooms before but it'd be like conference
rooms at my dad's office and it's very
enclosed and small Chinese looking
everybody likes Asian shit come on eat
one right I'll match the bottom one but
it disappeared Oh
someone stole it what about you tip how
do you feel I'm excited but because of
the fact that I don't know what to
expect and it's just like it's like
people judging us and like analyzing us
it's like a little nerve-wracking but I
do think that this is a great
opportunity for us to see how you guys
work and how like the pitching happens
because I'm so new to this whole
business talk that but I'm gonna I'm
gonna be observing you guys in picking
up this I think you guys have a little
different perspective than me Joe and
Michael because we've been coming here
and we've been like kind of doing the
background work behind these meetings
and we've been setting things up and
brainstorming so I can see why for you
guys it's a little bit more
nerve-wracking because you guys are just
coming in and you're like well I know
we're pitching for TV networks and it
almost feel edition II where they're
like are they going to accept us or not
but for me and Joe we've known that
they've been liking us and now this is
our first step getting our foot in the
door and it's a lot different then I
guess most people there's a lot of
people like for example like if you're
cast like let's see our homey andrew
batch on wild and out he's on the Wilin
out show so it's like Nick Cannon
presents Wilin out and Andrew batches
cast on the show what we're trying to do
is do the Nick Cannon presents Wilin out
we're trying to do just kidding news
just King films presents this show so
we're making our own show we're not
being a cast on a TV show so that's like
where the biggest difference is and I
think for me that's the part that's kind
of nerve-wracking for me because me and
Joe have done like the in living color
type of auditioning but we've never
auditioned as a production company so
it's a little bit different like
auditioning is different than pitching
so this is kind of like the next step
higher and it's crazy that for us being
on YouTube for like five years we're
like skipping so many steps how do you
feel Joe is the same team this is the
same team you don't have to prove
anything to them being able to we are
yeah so this is all about what the team
has to prepare for tomorrow's game so
tomorrow is it it's like you know what
we don't know what we're doing either
we never pitched the TV show we only
done auditions so yeah oh this is a
little harder because we do it alone you
do it all by yourself
but then there's less like risk or
there's less on the plate you know if
they don't like all of us
we can't do that because the way we're
selling the show is with everyone all or
not unless they don't like Michael we
can get rid of them easily I don't
really care about Michael that much they
might change it throughout the years or
whatever they might swap people out or
whatever but the first initial team
though they have to take us so that's a
part of the I guess the program the one
other thing that they were pitching that
they really liked about us is the
diversity aspect so they're saying like
in what they've been trying to do is
have diversity on TV shows but they'll
have the token black guy the token Asian
guy or whatever but for us we're a
naturally occurring diverse group and
there's no chemistry for that there's
cameras key for us so we all have this
key with friends you go online and see
all the power involved in each other's
life and there's a reality aspect and
then people know that a TV like they
just three beat actors together like we
hope this recipe works but it's like
what this this random white guy from the
Midwest have any be anything to do with
this fob that just came out of a
container but they have to be friends
how'd you like the meeting my bare
potato I liked it a lot so I wasn't
nervous for this think of the meeting
just because you know Roy's on our side
he where we're all pitching the exact
same thing so we're on the same team so
if I wasn't nervous what I am nervous
for though or prior to this meeting what
I was nervous about was the actual pitch
day with all these different companies
and the reason being is because I'm
trying to convince them of how awesome
we are and how awesome this idea is and
I'm trying to convince them as to why
they need to jump on this ship so that's
what I was nervous about but what in
this meeting what I was hoping to get
from Roy was him saying hey you know
what be yourself and just do you don't
worry about them like don't don't try to
act a certain way don't try to speak
their language don't conform to them and
that's what I was hoping that he would
say and that's exactly what he said so
as soon as he said that I felt like at a
hundred a thousand percent at peace I'm
like cool I know how to be myself I come
from YouTube and that's all we ever do
you know it's just it's just a more
energetic version of ourselves but it's
still our self yeah but if he was like
oh you know you got to talk this way you
got to dress this way if you see this
dude make sure to you know make sure you
announce this thing or include this
in whatever speech you're giving or you
gotta get on your knees and suck his
wee-wee basically you know that's and
I'm glad that's not what he said because
that's not what I'm used to and I
wouldn't know how to do that and it
wouldn't feel like myself and it would
feel very forced and it would feel very
fabricated so when he said just be
yourself there are no boundaries give
just dude you guys and have a lot of fun
he's like whatever I'm gonna say if you
want to interrupt if I say don't call me
out on it like it was very uh it felt
like he all he wanted to pitch was just
us there's no fluff there's no bullshit
there's no frills and like you know make
believe like okay we got to convince
them that this make up shit is really
you guys and it was really cool also
really really cool
that's awesome my bear yes I feel super
confident regardless of I mean I might
have a different approach and enabled
and you because you and Joe are really
trying to make this happen but for me
I'm like off it doesn't happen cool
experience and it just wasn't meant to
be my angle is just to make fun of you
as much as possible tomorrow I knew it I
knew it guys you guys like are good
because all I have to do since they want
the chemistry yeah that always comes
from us making fun of each other yeah
and I always get the biggest reaction
out of either you or David yeah so of
course you're my wife so I am I'm your
some I'm supposed to make fun of if I
don't make you cry everything I'm doing
a bad job of being a husband well no
you're killing it
yeah so I'm the greatest husband ever so
all I have to do is just keep making fun
of you
like each all riled up and then you're
gonna start talking back and the tips
gonna jump in she got your back and then
now because two Mexicans are on an Asian
I have the full liberty to make fun of
that all the time Mexican race yeah this
is gonna be perfect then because there's
going to be two Mexicans on this Asian
then edits you then David's gonna jump
in because he hates me loves you and
then Joe's going to back up just as he
loves the drama
yeah and then it's just going to be a
fun fest and then the lovin up like this
is exactly why we need to make a TV show
about these guys and then buy the baby
powder boom and now I get to make fun of
you for the greater good of the entire
company and our crew
and so now you can never ever get mad at
me for making fun of you because it's
for the betterment of our business yeah
when the cameras are on that's fine but
what's your Excuse when they're off
you're still a dick I'm just practicing
for when the cameras on you ass that's a
pretty good quick look at this it just
stopped holy shit what is going on over
there I don't know they stopped
everything you're worse than our to do
it you try fashion is ridiculous on that
side why would they just stop randomly
holy shit yeah now because all of these
guys run during all the rubberneckers on
this side and they're freaking rubber
necking and everyone is stopping on this
side no okay no now we're never gonna
get home I never were doing so good oh
this is this is only both sides this is
what sucks about LA is that we don't
have enough freeways and we have a fuck
ton look at this guy this guy has carp
is carpooling with cars well I think it
just got word like progressively worse
in the last few months maybe a year
that's so true I'm like where did all
this traffic come from because I know oh
you know what this car stopped that
makes a lot of sense right now
but just in general la freeways have
just been jam-packed and I mean you and
I we were just sitting there we're like
wait is it the onset of like bird like
people that weren't supposed to be like
on the road now are on the road like is
that why it's happening but I just feel
like either a freeway closed down and
that's what everyone's using alternate
routes and that's why these particular
ones are so jam-packed but I can't
figure it out I don't know why it's so
busy like even on the weekends when no
one is supposed to be going to work and
heading in like the directions of like
downtown for example like it's still
bags I'm like what the fuck is going on
honestly I don't really know because I
remember as a kid on the weekends there
was no such thing as traffic yeah there
was no such traffic and I remember when
I was in high school
as soon as it's like after 10 o'clock
there's no traffic and you could
probably skateboard on the freeway if
you wanted at 2 a.m. in the morning but
now there's traffic on the weekends and
I'm like where the hell did all this
traffic come from and also even the
freeways are slightly outside of LA so
if you're on the 101 and 110 the 5 any
of those freeways are passed directly
through LA there's just traffic now
let's give it but now on the 605 or even
the 210 there's traffic there too now
yeah it's crazy it's just there's a
freaking giant on set of people driving
and I don't know I have no idea what's
going on
no la get it together we need more
freeways we need or maybe we just need
honestly I think this would be fixed
because I feel like building another
freeway it would be super costly but I
think what where are we spending our
money we're paying a ton of taxes I have
no idea it's that I really do not know
because we don't have enough cops I the
roads are all fucked up but anyway
that's a whole nother story one thing I
don't get is you politicians out there
if you guys watch this channel of course
they do I don't know why politicians
don't just think ahead so for example if
you could tell that there is
increasingly more vehicles on the road
why just build one extra lane like I see
them trying it build one extra laying on
the 405 to build one extra Lane on the 5
but as soon as it's done building
because it takes like 2 years all of a
sudden we already maxed out to that one
extra Lane bit but why don't you build
four lanes maybe immediately so that we
can kind of grow into it and on a
forecast and be ready for the additional
prom cuz if you can these guys these
politicians they have
you can go on statistics you can go on
the DMV you can see how many people are
getting licenses every year it's not
like there's no numbers you can go off
if there's some solid numbers you can go
off of the sales of vehicles every
single year you can see how many cars
are registered
there's so many numbers you can look
after to see ok there's gonna be this
many cars on the road maybe we should do
something about it because if we
increase Commerce if we increase
transportation we increased Commerce so
we're gonna make more money as a nation
we're gonna make more money as a city
the business I'm going to do well which
in return is gonna pay more taxes so the
country's gonna get better and better
and better like I feel like this is like
some really basic fundamental things but
I don't know what's going on but it's
being overlooked what's going on buddies
what's going on let's just start small
and let's just let's just create a
transportation system we've had it
before let's open those things back up I
don't know I don't know what's more
cost-efficient I'm done with the other
or I'm down public transportation or
just more freeways yeah this is for
dunks it's horrible and then I know
there's gonna be people in the comments
that are saying my city's the worst then
what do you complain about me no but
this is really the only thing I've ever
seen that's worse than LA is probably
summers disc or New York other than that
la is pretty bad it is horrendous we are
and it's like 2:30 right now
call me change the sales camera it's
2:30 right now and we're just we're not
even moving anymore you know I'm parked
look at look at that side I'm moving I'm
moving 3 miles per hour last time look
at this side why are we moving 3 miles
an hour
people got places to go that van has
groceries is carrying probably this
truck is probably carrying like bunch of
bricks somewhere that big-ass truck over
the Resta carry like people gotta bring
things in places you know one one of my
biggest nightmares what is uh you know
how some of the freeways they'll have
exits that are too like crazy far apart
yeah um like a Texas no I'm talking
about specifically in LA okay so one of
my biggest fears is that I
have a shit attack yeah it's one of
those that had like those violent ones
that aren't even solid anymore it's not
necessarily diarrhea because it's still
kind of like it's kind of mushy yeah uh
one of those shit attacks happening
while I'm parked during rush hour what
would you do would you open the car door
and just pop a squat I don't know I
think that would be my last last last
resort but I think I'm so embarrassed to
do that so just shit I think I would
shit myself first I don't know or would
you try to stick a pothole I mean uh
take a bottle up your butthole in the
shit into the bottle well what if I
don't have a bottle I try to keep my car
clean like this is amol so I'll keep in
my car which is the monster what if you
like you aim your butthole anywhere you
have your wallet just perfectly kissing
it and then you just shit into the
monster I have no I don't think I can I
don't think I have that kind of aiming
yeah that's one of my fears isn't that
ridiculous and it's all because of
fucking traffic it's a realistic scary
politicians that's a realistic fear you
don't have that fear no cuz you don't
give a shit right you just pull over
take a shit and if I really have to go I
probably pop a squat apply fucking and
I'm just gonna wave to everyone on the
freeway and I'll be like hey guys I'm
sorry but I really had to go and I'm
really not trying to shit in my own car
because I don't want my car to smell
like shit for the rest of the time that
I'm driving well here's the thing though
and this is what you don't know I have
some intel in that and because I have
that Intel because I've actually shot
myself before as a full-blown adult did
it go through your pants if you go
through my pants it's disgusting
it is disgusting but my whole car did
not smell like
it it was leather seating thank God
ah so you're shit
you shit on yourself and then the shit
juices went through her pants and was
smeared all over the chair yeah not like
as Extreme as you're painting it right
now it but it was enough for it to like
be on the seat not like a lot but maybe
like my palm that's disgusting that is
disgusting but it's human nature it
happened I couldn't control it
that's that I didn't want to shit on
myself I wasn't having a good time I
wasn't like yeah finally I'm on I'm
alone let me shit myself no like that
wasn't all my to do that day they just
came out it just happened it's human
nature it was an emergency you're
holding on for dear life I'm out I was
sweating I was clenching my asshole as
tight as possible like it was like
prison penetration proof and even that
just wasn't able to hold it back so I
knew it was like it was one of those
super emergency moments and I just let
it go
but what was dangerous is that I was
driving when it happened so I think I
should have pulled over I should have
pulled over I could have I could have
crashed in some put into someone I could
have it would have been bad I'm gonna
judge you for the rest of your life
that's fine it's it's not abnormal
behavior dick
finally got home I am super exhausted so
after we ate at Kula a sushi place I had
a meeting with KC on the feature and
then I ran on the treadmill for about an
hour and then I had a meeting for a
barbell Brigade productions for two
hours and then after that I had another
meeting for the barbell Brigade gym for
another hour and then now it's 11
o'clock and I am exhausted I took off my
clothes because I'm tired and I came in
here the first thing I did was turn on
the AC or zeyzea turn on that bootleg
ass AC that's hella loud and now I'm
just chilling I don't have any pants on
and I just kind of want to just lay here
I just think about nothing super
prolonged a super productive day but
just going in and out of meetings and
changing the mode of thought that I have
that I think that's what's really
exhausting and I think when you run like
multiple businesses that's just kind of
that comes with the territory you know
like in the morning we had the meeting
with the pre pitch meetings actually
before that I was filming a marketing
video for Barbara gay apparel talking
about how we're going to discontinue the
original designs so I shot a marketing
video in the morning then we had the pre
pitch meeting and then I had the meeting
with Casey on the feature and yes we're
still working on that and we I think
we're on rewrite number eight now
because we have a completely new
direction we want to take the film and
this is after we already had the last
like five other rewrites and this one we
already have a 30 page treatment that's
ready to be submitted and last minute we
found another hole so we're really
trying to be our own hardest critic so
we found a hole we started doing a new
rewrite and then
for that I had to go back to the barbell
brigade Productions which is another
business and it seems like it's all
correlated but Productions is the
YouTube channel so that has its own
goals and its own endeavors and then I
have to switch gears to barbell brigade
gym which is a brick and mortar and that
has its own it's its own animal so it's
just constantly like flipping back and
forth and this type of multitasking it's
it's something that does come with the
territory but now I realize why people
always say you got to get involved in
college and when you're involved in
college and you're worried about your
academics you're worried about your
curriculum you're worried about your
social life your work get worried about
your part-time job life sounds familiar
right being able to balance all those
things while you're in college you don't
really think about it or even in high
school you're in a varsity sport you got
academics you're an ASB you go to the
school dance you balance your social
life like all those things sound
familiar right and while you're in it
you don't realize how all of that pays
off you know like a lot of people ways
tell you tell you to get involved
anything you get involved for the sake
of being involved for the sake of the
interest of those clubs and
organizations or teams or sports but
ultimately what it really does is it
prepares you for real life and then the
real life scenario if you aren't
involved in multiple entrepreneurial
businesses you'll still have your job
you'll still have your new family where
you have kids and you balance that with
your work life and your also play life
so I think everything kind of at the end
of the day it does prepare you for real
life and the more you can get yourself
involved and ready now the better you're
going to be equipped and I think for me
I wasn't that involved in college I was
such on a one
one-track mind that go in a medical
school that I was I'm only gonna do that
and I'm going to do the things that are
directly related so for example I would
volunteer at a hospital and then I would
volunteer free clinics and I did a kind
of like a mental health club but I
didn't really do anything else and I
think that I could I could probably be a
way better entrepreneur if I really
applied myself there and and all the
time that it took for us to get barber
brigade up and running in Jake hamper
when I plug that shorten the amount of
time if I was better prepared but I
wasn't so now instead of getting their
proper tools earlier on in life to
prepare me for now I'm kind of
developing myself as a person in the
real life so now that is why school is
important so make sure you get the most
out of your school kids because it's
going to prepare you for real life they
don't tell you these things they don't
tell these life lessons later on they
expect you to be like mr. Miyagi and do
the wax on wax off on your own and then
later on all it's um you realize you're
an ass-kicking machine that's no I think
I'm just rambling on because I don't
even know where I'm getting it a stay at
school do well in school get the most
out of squirrels just drop out if you
already have an awesome goal I'm gonna
check out some eye
sausage goodnight peace so would you
prefer so I guess I wonder if you were a
die and then you could suck your own
dick and you were jacking off then you
would have to like like let's say you
have it on the TV
didn't you like yeah look at the porn
off
oh you have like I think one of our own
