I'm 12 years old and you don't even try
my face I completely forgot my face just
felt so smooth that I completely forgot
to dry my face but damn I just came back
from working out and I was hella tired
but now watching my face rejuvenated me
and I actually feel really really good
so I came back home and I saw him the
doorstep a brand new been a Planet
package and on the oh shit well they
send me this time and I open it and it's
a brand new spin brush and don't tell
them but I'm actually really excited he
sent me this because I lost the last one
I think I let you borrow it and I don't
know where she put it actually so I
haven't been using it so I can tell that
my pores have been getting more clogged
but just one use guy David Lee my face
it feels really really good and it's
effortless that's one thing I really
like about the spin brush they do
anything like me where anytime you scrub
in the shower or you do any extra work
you come out sweating like a
motherfucker and you feel like why the
hell did I even shower this is awesome
please don't do anything it just spins
myself kind of like the electronic
toothbrush and he just dryer on a face
my hand my hand and then your face feels
hella good I love being sponsored by
Manny plan because they just keep
sending me dope stuff that I really
enjoy using and it's stuff that I feel
like would benefit you guys to like this
scale they sent me this scale and I use
this one so much that I don't even use
the one that I bought on my own anymore
I don't even know if the other one works
to be honest this one I know works for
sure because I use everyday this one
yeah
don't work so yeah I love vanity planet
and I love that they always send me dope
stuff and the cool thing about this new
one it comes in a plastic box so if you
have to travel it's gonna be easy to
pack and there's three different heads
on it there's a soft heroin then there's
like a rubber silicone one I think for a
little bit more coarser action and then
there's like one that's kind of rough so
there's three different settings of
brushes and then there's two speeds on
the motor I had it on the fast one just
I just wanted to see how I thought it
felt really really good and the best
thing about it is because vanity plan
sponsors mean I get to extend to you
guys that discount so make sure you go
in the description below there's going
to be a discount code but the super fat
discount that's probably going to be at
least 30 to 50% off type in the code go
to Benetton calm and you can get the
same spin brush for hella cheap and look
hella fresh and look hella swelled again
just got to the office and today I had
to do a little bit of multitasking
because I brought the dogs with me and
I'm also in charge of picking up lunch
and because of that I also have to
as well so I ran out of hands it's on my
left hand I have the pups and then I
texted my bear and she came up and
grabbed that el coyol local I wasn't
filming her booty I was showing that I
got what were you up to my path I mean a
creative meeting as we speak oh yes
how are you meeting and telepathically
no I had it put a pause but I can come
out to help you think your mom bear yeah
I usually don't go home on these days I
train and then right after the gym I
come here and then I take a shower and
then I just rub it to my pretty girl
damn have fun keeps she gets getting
freaked out and then she trips me and
I'm about to fall
that's one hard thing about having these
big as dogs is meatloaf loves to
bulldoze and run forward fun loves to
run sideways Ricky doesn't know what's
going on so sometimes when I'm walking
them I actually need two hands but since
yeah so usually if I could do one then I
need help vlogging and thank you
SI phan scared again I almost tripped
over her damnif on
you're gonna freaking kill go inside
you're gonna kill me
oh hey KACE if i what are you guys doing
heating on your lunch break oh you guys
are meeting out here honestly a cat
these guys they run in like so meatloaf
is a bulldozer and he likes to run forts
that helps out with my momentum lafawn
freak solid she's zig zags like a
motherfucker
yeah because she gets scared from the
left from the right and she bounces back
and forth then it should trips she trips
me up and then I had to get lunch for me
and Jill so I'm gonna have enough hands
and at the block if I was I was that guy
from Mortal Kombat Goro the guy with
like four arms if I had four arms then
I'd be so straight I'm sorry for
appalling G away from her guys's our
creative meeting oh my goodness me loves
pulling me away from mine I'll get the
food I have to meet with Jo Michael and
Greg for my accountant I got the 4-piece
one I gave you the two-piece I know you
don't eat as much and I know you don't
like coleslaw so I got your rice and
beans the traditional staff face thank
you I got a point of local cuz I was
just driving and I was like what is fast
what is drive-through so the dogs don't
have to sit in the Sun for a very long
time and I can be efficient and then I
was gonna go to McDonald's but right
next door was a El Pollo Loco so I
decided to go there I was actually
yelping Chipotle but there's no Chipotle
around here it's not weird oh that is
very weird yeah
I was looking for Chipotle but there was
no Chipotle so now I'm at office time to
go to the meeting
this is one of the things that sucks
about having an office in downtown LA
and it's the graffiti I think this is
the third time that people have marked
up our window and I'm not too sure what
they're doing I don't know if they're
doing a crossword puzzle on our window
whore
what the fuck are they writing you know
what they're writing Sean
have you tried reading it no there's
just random like this one says d:r oh
why asteroids these fools don't even
know how to spell and then there is a DZ
Adso are they playing Scrabble or are
they playing crossword puzzles Hera Rose
he heroes okay I meant that makes sense
heroes so one of them so in this team of
graffiti artists one of them knows how
to spell and he tries another word hey
hey painter pain and then I don't know
what's going on I have I have no idea
what's going on on that window but the
cool thing about the management here is
any time they see graffiti or any other
type of damages to the property they
jump on and really really fast so I
wouldn't be surprised that within 48
hours they completely clean up that
graffiti and it's no longer there but
that is the third time that happened
that's one thing I really don't
understand like even but I used to
gangbang and stuff I knew a lot of
people that did
Ruffini and tagging the graffiti art
part I kind of understand a little bit
because if there is like an art to it it
looks beautiful the part that does suck
is that you're marking up perfectly good
property a lot of the times it's a
billboard it's a train is a sign of a
walk they just freshly painted so that
kind of does suck it's almost like you
mow your lawn and you make it all
beautiful and someone just comes and
takes that fat shit on it
but the part where just writing words
they just kind of like claiming turf
it's I don't know what it is like it's
artificial like you really don't own
that turf dude the people that own that
turf are the people that own this
building
so if you really want to own some shit
and you really want to be the boss step
your business game up own property owned
land owned buildings that's when you
really hone the shit when you just mark
up shit like a dog and you just pee on
something that's mine that's not yours
because when you own the building that's
when you're the truth boss and so there
are kids out there that like to do
graffiti and tag don't do it because
it's bad what do you think about
graffiti and tagging eating is dumb for
art or for while I was showing them the
graffiti that was on the window oh yeah
I was reading them you know they don't
even know how to spell they wrote one of
them wrote droids dro is and then
another one wrote heroes and you know
what the cute part of it is thank you
part yeah they you they wrote one letter
per window square yeah like a crossword
puzzle like they wanted to play by the
rules they didn't want to just spray all
the way over it with complete disregard
to the boundaries
Faneuil yeah it's kind of like oh you
know like those uh the Chinese practice
paper what it's all squares oh yeah
that's what they did they're growing
they're free yeah the Chinese practice
squares and they wrote one letter per
square and I'm like that's so that's so
respectful and cute
like I know that for someone that like
is is out blatantly breaking the law
that you don't expect them to like stay
within the lines it's almost like
imagine like how much damage can I do is
involves yeah like if you see like a fan
pull up and they're about to rob the
bank
they're not gonna perfectly park between
the lines or just kind of roll up throw
the door open run into the bacon grab
money but these guys I felt like the all
like they were doing it with the right
hand and then there was like classical
music playing and then they wrote
perfectly in each little square do you
give me plus or is that a fail I get
most failed cuz I don't know what they
were spelling they could've at least
written some words that made sense then
I thought okay that that's pretty dope
but they don't know what the hell
they're writing choice droids yeah
another one role like uh and this may be
their time at the Andes Mountains I
don't know how I spell Android but there
are two different lines though it's
droids on one line and it and this below
I don't know don't destroy property guys
it's not good alright so in the middle
of the JK workday everyone has their own
individual meetings to discuss whatever
they need to discuss for each individual
channel in the department everyone works
really hard except for David he just
walks around and I don't know what it is
just waste time eating snacks you and me
love has something to do any level
so what were you meeting about if we're
talking about how to be better hosts for
the viewers so you're telling me that
you guys dance even Joel is rushing to
take a shower David just do anything so
you're telling me that you guys still
try to find ways to make the channel
better we're hosting the hopefully steer
think so people can have something
better to watch like we try to improve
the quality
definitely I mean I'm not for sure like
with Julia night every week like we meet
and we what sure does is a workflow so
on Lemmy's is research day yeah so on
monday three look for articles people
are talking outside one's closet doors
it's not a lot yeah so on Mondays
it's the day where we sit together and
we search and we look through
submissions fan submissions
we try to find articles that we feel
that would be interesting yeah and then
on Wednesday is when we actually do the
study and then once we finish studying
our articles and we meet together and we
practice delivering somewhere like the
lengthy stories that were that we'll
talk about which today we just decided
to not not try to do those articles
anymore where we need to explain a lot
and like it's like super story heavy cuz
there's so much information that people
aren't getting entertained they're just
listening to all the details over and
over so we've tried to avoid those now
but yeah that's pretty much our workload
and then by the time we finish study
with each other or like reciting each
other then we'll give each other tips
I'll maybe try you like saying it this
way or like that detail wasn't important
or like yeah like what I read like help
each other so after that week-long
process when Friday comes around or
maybe Saturday are you like oh I thank
goodness I get to take a break that was
tough because you guys deliver how many
articles per session like each post
delivers at least 20 right come Friday
morning you know for next week already
getting started
we can anytime at downtown possibly
looking for just anything that pops up
there is newsworthy yeah like a ton of
links and then later on when Monday
comes around that's an I'll review all
the things that I say that's pretty cool
does Isaac know what you do yeah does he
look at you and go my mom tells the news
like those people on TV but she's more
fun you're kind of like an anchorwoman
slash post so like you not only do you
tell the news you kind of give your
opinion and take on the news and you
kind of guide the conversation a little
bit
I wonder if Isaac goes my mom tells the
news but I do not like he dreads he
dreads Thursday because he knows
Thursdays they're gone all day
especially for Giggy music I actually
feel that way about Thursday's too
because every other workday I get to see
my dogs but on Thursday I leave in the
morning and I don't see my dogs the
entire day and I'm just like oh and I
get home to like so excited to see me
and I'm just like man I wish like what I
could do is like have my dogs well not
at the old office but maybe at the new
office in this set I could have my dogs
underneath the desk and I could just
stick my toes underneath their fur
you know always every time when I get
home or not every time because a lot of
the times when I get home after Jay King
is there any sleeping but you know I'm
lately probably 1011 are you yeah like
I'm so looking forward to shooting here
yeah and then we can have I could just
have I think here in this the admin side
I can just tell me during our like quick
like after three takes no search cards I
yeah you could check up on all my stuff
and I can't wish I can't wait till the
new set opens up it's gonna be so much
more convenient what did I tell you guys
David is just always fucking around
you're getting a haircut again in the
middle of the office okay let me see
maybe one of your computer screens can
prove me wrong what really you're
playing you should be with a little bit
what are you getting a haircut for now
dang you think when you start filming
the movie because this is your character
you have to get a haircut like every day
just so that just continuity in the film
well for me because my characters you
know if we're gonna be in a pack it's
gonna be okay
in the end first oh that's what my heck
this revealed because I didn't gold I
get my ass beat at that point
all my shits gone so you probably need
to get a haircut like once a week just
so that your hair doesn't change too
much yeah there's like be choice doing
it right now but there's a barber shop
right next to the location of rep yeah
they're just gonna carve Oh tight is
that bald spot on purpose my boss wanted
this F when I thought my father head I
thought it was like from sleeping too
much that's when you're supposed to be
working and you slept on it always
messing around and using the dark side
which is your wife she's the darkest of
the duck I'd see you later a stranger
what did your mom tell you to do the
strangers kick them in the nuts go okay
come with an Isaac
