I wasn't there
what the fuck happened why I guess I
guess yeah it doesn't feel like swimmin
is like the cloud you should have let
your hair grow so that you have the
bangs oh I was wanted but I like the
saving money my characters more another
thought more like I think that the
finger where he comes I will drive or
urban within I tried oh okay
are you know get like a lineup and move
like mid Asian people getting lit at
that point you all really look back I
was faded they're like they're like
Night Ranger shit and so the light of
thing happened later no are you asking
David Weiss ugly right now David Saul
Audrey look I just go to slash his tires
why do you hate both of us so much
what's wrong with you two people can't
be wrong about one person two people
can't be wrong there's a lot of people
whose fucking world so you're saying
there's more people they're wrong
comments read about you oh you don't get
the commentary about you you know what
that means though that means that we're
their favorites that's true dude I'm the
other people can't be wrong
million people what was the question I
asked that um if it would be like
real-life situation they had like a
thief or whatever someone that doesn't
think horrible in front of their face
and they can actually do on a horrible
shit that they say that they would do to
them I can be really breathing salsa
dude yo that was my question I'll put
this in perspective for you so you're
just like Muriel so I was in New Orleans
recently and that we were eating at this
restaurant that there was this one white
dude fucking louder shit and it was like
a small like po-boy like a sandwich fuck
he was in the restaurant he goes man
this fucking sandwich tastes like shit
fuck this sandwich and he thought saying
it's over oh right in front of the
owners alright why does that right and
he goes like do this fucking piece of
shit if I gave it to a homeless person I
bet you they'd fucking spit in my face
laughing he's waiting for his friends to
laugh that went on for like 15 minutes
oh my god like - right in front of the
owners and like for me like in my head
I'm like okay I'm an adult and let's say
I told him to stop like to chill out he
would want to fight me right there's a
cop outside I would get in trouble I'm
here for a show I can't do this shit so
I have to go through the situation to
mind you if that wasn't there like I was
telling Mary Oh like she was like well
what would you do if the cop wasn't
there I was like I would have fucking
nut I would even asked him I just took a
chair just went like that's how angry I
was like I was boiling mad and I just
sat there and I was just like just quiet
cuz I don't like really think think the
situation through and I think I would
have grabbed his face put it on it hurt
I want to smack those fucking tinking up
because people like that shouldn't exist
and you have to understand - like in my
mind I'm like you don't need to black
into this world so he should go fucking
die it was so annoying because he sat
there and it got to a point where one of
the girls which was his friend so I shut
the fuck up like you're not funny like
nobody's laughing he's waiting for
somebody to laugh but it's take hand so
I wanted to really just take this this
mouth and just fuck just rip it like
this one
it'll been great and if I didn't get if
I could get away with that I probably
would've done it
sure and then what were you saying I'll
just say I agree because all the things
I talked about in JK news they're
actually my dreams so I wish I could
really make it happen and my body really
wants to do a lot of stuff because um
even when I get in fights with you
sometimes like my body just starts I'm
just like oh shit
I don't want to be a wife-beater so I'll
be like babe I'm gonna back up five feet
somehow my hands is going I wants to go
underneath
ha ha ha control my body even though my
body's telling the goals of my body just
like naturally they just naturally wants
to move and like like do shit oh ha ha
and then what were you saying Joe huh
what were you saying I have so you'd be
done whatever you you voice on JK knees
faced with it in reality you would
actually commit to those words the only
thing that prevents us from doing
certain things is uh we think very
long-term yeah that's the problem none
of us want to risk going to prison but
if the world was fair and the world was
like hey there's these three guys that
fucking gang raped a three year old
whatever you want with them hey I feel
like I'm benefiting Society fuck those
liberal has rules no they're humans did
you do inhumane danger no longer human
hm if you go out there and fucking rob
steel will not rob steel that's okay
that's human but I mean torture marker
innocent creatures and people and
fucking rape and fucking do all this
crazy shit then maybe it's okay because
you're acting like an animal
yeah to be treated less than an animal
sure which is an inanimate object but I
can
ah that was soft I would hate to see you
guys in a scenario like that I just
gonna count on someone like a random
chimpanzee and just pull their idols out
fuck I think it's because once someone
is like a piece of shit
and I feel like you're wasting my space
you're taking my fucking resources
you're breathing my air not only that
you're causing a really bad world like
your fucking other people up you're
traumatizing others then it's okay we
can we can destroy you yeah because
you're offending me because we live in a
community now where we all pay taxes all
of our actions affect each other so now
we we all of our actions like we kind of
have to be responsible for yeah so if
you want to go out there and be a
fucking little freak and start freaking
raping and hurting little innocent
creatures then there should be a
professional job out there kind of like
the CIA but instead of detecting after
you do the detecting you do all the
creative punishment the creative
punishment agency cpa cpa nice yeah
that's what i want to be do you think
there's an age limit though like let's
say we just report on it doesn't matter
so if a nine-year-old does this it
depends on the crime so if a
nine-year-old Ted yes in Ted
it's very files on the crime age and
intent
okay got it all right well then plug in
charge so tell me what does church do
for you gives me morals it does I kid
you not
I'll help me Jesus helps me out if I
believed in with a Jesus bit terribly to
me what do I really want to do I've ever
watched sword in the stone
yes working out there pulls a sword out
of the anvil yes I want to stand on a
guy's shoulder and put my hands into his
mouth in the back of his head and ripped
it right off the shoulder just want to
do head in the body head in the body and
I become the king kidding but stuff I
hear all the bones breaking you know
it's kind of tacked as does a tissue and
muscles we go
let me dig your fingers any kind of
separate all the tendons and stuff and
then you grab the hair and there we have
it
alright
yeah Merrill is very disappointing to me
she was like I don't know why nobody
else thinks like that I was like little
do you know little do no one
- I'm entrepreneur ha just like your
crazy mother fuckin ass oh I believe in
justice everyone's on break right now
never what - working and relaxing this
guy only has one flip-flop on but it's
Julian this guy
I woke you up coz of my hip bone huh
okay and then Bart likes to sleep over
here let's see what's Bart's doing is
the problem
good morning wow you have a what the
hell oh my god you have a system yep
holy a little bit pissed off you're a
man of many luxuries cuny with your feet
oh oh wow this is comfortable it is
right yeah isn't it pretty good yeah
this is my little sleep station Denver
it's really hot in here though it's just
me
with you whoa whoa I'm just well buddy
I'm just
how'd you sleep
uh well good but I didn't go slept
longer I'm actually really tired like
this whole week I think I've only been
getting with five six hours of sleep a
day hmm
so my body is oh and you're training
hard I didn't realize so I took um as
you know since you're my coach I took a
few months off of training heavy from
powerlifting right and I was getting
more of a aesthetic just trying to get
leaner and cut more yeah so I was doing
a lot more ah clutter away oh yeah and
lighter weight so I wasn't really
lifting any anything heavy so I'd never
really felt like I was tired or
exhausted but recently for the past
three weeks I'm on my fourth week and
I've been doing more of a powerlifting
intensive workout program yeah
and since I've started I think the
second week that I started that program
I felt exhausted and I totally forgot
that the heavier weights or the the
heavier I go in weight training the more
I put my body through this fucking
torture and the more it like needs time
to like relax and what's that word
rejuvenate good cover recover so I feel
like you're kind of experiencing the
same thing because not only are you not
sleeping enough cuz you need at least
what eight nine hours yeah um but you're
you are reaching the end of your
training which is like the crazies
because it's when you're going the
heaviest right yeah I'd be on my week
twelve right now oh my god so that's 12
weeks of increased intensity like week
after week entries on really month yeah
like just the other day I was dead
lifting 524 for like six sets put it
into perspective for me though where it
where is that so 520 that's in your max
with a 80% of I mean what percentage
well it doesn't even really matter what
percentage of my max it is because 520
is its gonna tax the human system a lot
but what if the person can deadlift like
what are we doing stead of theory I'm
almost dead lifting six but if the
person can deadlift 705 is not backwards
no a lot oh it is yeah so like there's
the percentage it the percentage of your
lifts it is according to your max but
because the human body is still the
human body as it starts nearing a human
potential it starts taxing relatively
the same oh so so for example like um
even someone that squats like a thousand
pounds yeah they may only squat probably
over like six hundred pounds maybe like
once a month just because it's really
taxing anything that starts going over
500 or 600 it's really taxing on the
body so Oh interesting I always thought
like your body it's relative to what
your max is it is relative but your
human body is still the human body
I don't even know what that means
because I thought the human body wasn't
capable of pushing these types of
numbers when I see these power lifters
do this weight or weight lifters do this
way and I'm like huh I guess the human
body what I thought it was really is bad
because I underestimated that treat like
crazy so I guess this time I was
overestimating oh I see yeah yeah
there's like there's still kind of like
what human genetic potential is and
we're kind of unlocking it which is
what's amazing about Fitness in this day
and age is we've been able to see like
girls get really strong guys get really
strong kids become really fast and all
that but there's still like just human
potential when you start getting to the
brink of that it wears a lot of people
out there somewhere yeah got it
but yes I imagine that you must be
extremely exhausted you like my little
teeny bed I have never seen this setup
and I think it's genius you did a great
job it's adorable I think it's super
adorable Thomas yeah why are you around
so okay
that nasty you ready yeah
you ready to film some more to come yeah
did you see what's underneath my blue
boy I did I did
I picked it up somewhat phone matches
yeah that's right sticking up right
there yeah yeah I saw it
where'd you get this from I found it in
the poplin Oh what it glowed evo uh-huh
it's quite smart it's comfortable right
yeah that's pretty good yeah okay what
happened I'll sit in the chair and I was
gonna get off the topic why is it
missing the wheel then I also hit my
head on this concrete this is Congress
not Rommel anymore oh shit oh fuck no I
like that one Jewish and I hit that back
of my head on the coffee yo kids you
need me to get out me get up this is a
blow job oh shit the camera oh wait I
totally forgot to address the fact that
you're like this what wait what
okay so he has hat shirt pants socks
shoes they're they're Tiff's same thing
blouse pants shoes Julia hat sweater
sweater pants shoes me pants shirt you
get it what the fuck
I brought mine to you right there why
are they over there cuz it's freaking
hot in here but she's wearing a sweater
how how could it possibly be
no it's freaking Southern California why
are you what the fuck did you just wipe
this one underneath your boob yeah crazy
cuz I'm hot look look it's wet here it's
wet everywhere it's wet behind my
kneecaps it's wet right here it's wet
right here sweating do you want to
switch chairs because I feel like it's
gonna happen
I wanna I wanna freakin take a shower
that's how I do I just say and I'm just
like pores are just opening sweats
coming out what time is it baby
it's 11:30 we just finished filming and
that fucking crazy yes and now what are
we doing we're trying to figure out food
are you down good shine kitchen all
right no good not doing I'm down for
King Taco you taco
yeah see you looking forward to
yeah
a stranger what did your mom tell you to
do the strangers kick them in the nuts
go okay come with a nice egg under
strain
