poker yeah I'm excited
why because the poker table finally you
came in what poker table the one right
here this box right is all what this is
yeah it looks it's all just assembled
but that's exactly what it is is it made
by Mexicans is that why there's all this
graffiti on there no I think it's just
to it what are you talking about because
you know Mexicans love graffiti you know
they don't every single school I've been
to once they make a brand new version of
the school as soon as you have three
Mexicans going there there's graffiti on
the mirrors on the toilet seats
everywhere and the gas station about the
school that you went to yeah
was it predominantly Asian knows Mexican
no you see you know exactly I'm going
that's a no East Lake Community College
not a Monterey Park Community College no
I'm just eight your high school cuz
there's graffiti all the time oh look at
our boy is eating some other dog's food
meat loaf
that is not your food that's mom's food
sorry add Dan awful just devoured it
sorry anyway so before you rudely
insulted and interrupted me
hope you guys finally came it took six
weeks you are sweaty can we just turn
that around and look at your poor head
you're just standing here you're just
standing here recording me you're not
even moving and you're sweating
profusely do you believe that I get hot
now I hope I've always believed it how
come every time I turn the AC on you let
me we're talking about the ACS are
always on there is like turning on no
it's always aren't we
fine I love you keep garden anyway so
this table was ordered like over a month
ago maybe even close to two months it
took six weeks to produce this guy this
all custom on this custom yes okay them
you guys picked the base and the color
and the wood green and the felt color
and the padding color you guys picked
all of that oh yeah yeah and they made
that too - every - all the specs that we
were or that you guys wanted I think
it's cuz it took so long that I
completely forgot we picked every single
piece on there and then you could you
had the option of putting your logo on
it but I guess he doesn't want that so
it's really clean the only thing that I
added you know this little drawer for
the chips which drawer it's here I mean
this legit that's like casino style yeah
Sam's Wang yeah so it's it's
disassembled because it's coming it's
coming from out of state I forgot where
it's coming from
so they had to ship it in this big-ass
box the whole table together including
this little box that's not even that
thick yeah it's about 700 pounds Wow
solid as table so now what we need to do
is just construct the base yeah and then
we put the top the the oval the fell
apart yeah we put that on top screw that
in and then there's a cover that's going
to be the conference table portion of it
oh cool yeah and it's about nine foot
long
well it should seat about 12 people I
think yeah it's just a cover that you
put on and you take off so whenever it's
business the cover gets on we get to
work we have our meetings it looks legit
and then when it's party time takes two
people we remove the cover and then now
it's poker time yeah it's really nice Oh
dance but just just like a casino yeah
it's really pretty
Wow craftsmanship oh this my hands
that's like a lion lion claw lion paw
yeah it's like a I want her to say it's
a dog Paul a giant dog paw yeah so sorry
Blanka moly yeah this is solid this sort
of tells you that it's gonna be a high
quality table true so I'm super excited
this is what the even even engraved or
whatever you call the Grinnell's yeah I
like the fingernails so just all the
little details well so it's really
really really pretty I'm excited to do
it um this is gonna sound fucked up and
I just felt like none of the JK boys
could be could assemble it because it's
700 pounds like I feel like you need
people that are used to lifting weight
lifting weight it's not fucked up it's
just cuz the JK guys don't train so if
they don't train then they're weak well
trained you're strong yeah I just don't
want them to get hurt
so I'm gonna have the barbell about nice
and I just feel like they know how to
get in the right position where they're
not gonna get injured you know they know
how to like keep their back tidy lift
with their legs like these are very
basic movements that a lot of people
tend to fuck up and then that's how you
pull your back you're just not looking
at the right hand look look who's here
to ruin my day perfect and who is this
guy this guy so we're looking you can't
even come in of course
laughs it but Wow can't ignore it Bob
when they come up to you that's like
yeah so yeah those are the three pieces
the face this guy right here oh my god
oh wow I like the cross and should look
at the rivets yeah it's like mahogany or
something yeah it's really pretty that's
dope and then the padding and then this
is the conference of Cobra portion yeah
the cover yeah when I first came and I
saw like just construction materials so
I thought it's part of that big-ass
brain and they're assembling the set on
the other side oh they're cutting all
the trees in the front I can't wait to
see it set up I'm excited because I
didn't even know this stuff existed
until cuz you guys are like I want a
poker table that is a conflict double as
a conference table I'm good both where
do I find that so the fact that I was
able to find it any good job good job
mob back and you guys know where this is
gonna go this is gonna go and our
conference room so our conference room
right now looks like this we have the
rug that just came in and then we have
what is this thing some freaking
collapsible tables but as soon as we can
get that being assembled we're gonna
replace this and it's gonna finish the
look of this place see we got the lights
already set up it looks good
but we just gotta get that bad boy in
there
okay look at that watch the table so
they're trying to avoid scratching this
table well I don't know where arses did
you guys hear what Arrington just pulled
this whole tree out this way we've got
this row now we get out
yeah it's solid bro this is the first
reveal okay
so now now and in the back end go past
first inside wait go into Michael oh
yeah hold it from the cupholders is it
really that heavy that looks beautiful
got me
whoa dang this is nerve-wracking because
it's so heavy so when I got this table
that is pounds so you saw how many guys
it took when the guy told me he's like
oh she only take two people but now I
took this many people oh damn that is
beautiful whoo yeah that's what I'm
talking about
beautiful all right now it's the table
top
Paulista that's the only part that
should be coming on and off so I'm glad
that it's not
that's our conference table yeah it's a
poker table yes that's the actual poker
table and that's it
yeah thank you guys this is beautiful
yeah yeah yeah so then this is what
we'll have our meeting with the poker
tables like you just take it off and on
exactly we just wrapped our weekly
barbell corporate meeting and right
after we wrap that we played a game what
is called what night holds min where one
night ultimate werewolf and I we
actually put that on JK party and it's
just like mafia except it's kind of like
mafia on steroids so what happens is it
like a mafia you have
I fear they gather civilian dry in and
this feeling's gotta find out who the
Mafia are and then they gotta make sure
that they all vote to kill the right
mafia and so throughout the whole game
as you go to sleep and wake back up you
guys know who your team is and you're
trying to figure stuff out the
difference between one night werewolf is
that you only have one night to figure
things out but on top of that there are
other cards like the troublemaker the
robber that can mess things up because
once they come into play they switch
people's cards around so if this was
applied to mafia you can go to sleep
being a civilian and then you wake up
and then you're like oh shit wait am i
civilian because that guy just told me
he switched our cards and I could be
mafia but the problem is you can't lift
up your card to check that you just you
just have to kind of go based on
people's logic everyone's gonna have to
own testimony and whether or not those
testimonies are truth or lies you have
to figure that out but people's
testimony start being big start being
dependent on other people's testimony
like well if he's a troublemaker
I'm the werewolf so and he switched us
so now I'm no longer the good guy so
it's bad guy and then someone else can
say something else so everything kind of
adds on top of that so that's where it
gets really really confusing I think I
even confused myself while I was saying
it but it was really
fun did you have fun - about that I did
it's like you said like it the Mafia on
steroids yeah it's just crazy how it's
only one night
yeah and all you can do is just talk and
you guys have to figure it out
yourselves who is even if you start out
in person you could be bad vice versa
yeah so that was the names first time
playing and it was really hard I think
what were you playing one role where
like you thought you were bad or
something and then it turned good and
then the good turn back to bad and
you're like oh shit you kind of had to
kind of think on your feet real quick
was it wasn't it I felt like you were
like minion or something you found out
your work maybe or something like that
no I thought I think that was because
oh so I had no idea was minion where it
was Dimas who kind of forgot his role oh
so he'd even know that he was a bad guy
yeah because a lot of people they play
the role that they're given cuz they're
kind of married to it cuz they're so
used to play mafias little okay I got
this role for sure on this and then all
of a sudden when it switches are like oh
shit I couldn't think fast enough so I
think that's what makes this game so
hard you got to really be able to think
on their feet how did you like the game
up there I liked it a lot for the same
exact reason it's not like you always
just have to be on your toes and even
there's some of the rules or it's like
if they started off bad and then because
of all the flipping that happens when
you're asleep then they find out that
they're good and then when they go oh I
used to be this this is them that's when
it really gets hard and you have to like
start relying on like storytelling lying
confusion the seat because then at that
point you can either give up and just be
like oh fuck you caught me that's in a
game over or you can be a little shit
like a little shady and then try to
deceit so that's the part where it gets
really really fun that and I also like
that you have to work in teams and you
really have to listen because then you
have to figure out like if you're the
werewolves you have to figure out a way
or who's
who's trying to protect me right now so
that you guys can team up and start
diffusing people yeah I liked it and now
we're off to our weekly barber Brigade
dinner
dude you look forward to that I do cuz I
don't get to spend much time with the
bar ball guys yeah
because sometimes they're like we will
train in the morning and all I see is
just morning crews I never get to see
the night crew like I haven't see Joe I
haven't seen Jeremy that much so it's
really cool we can like bring people
together and then like all this bond I
know it kind of sucks right now because
barbell Brigade were such a small
company even though we have like I think
most thirty people know huh
I think it's about like 20-something I
know we got 20 just the gym only and
then we add you erinmarie
me that's already four so that's already
more than 24 more 24 so we have almost
30 people but because the gym is open 24
hours and a lot of people are still kind
of like splitting jobs like churro works
the gym and he's a photographer and
sorry I missed the exit
that's alright and then did you fucking
smile exit I'm going the wrong way and
then Evan is a videographer and also
still works the gym
and Sarah is kind of an corporate
marketing but then he's also legit
managed because everyone is sharing
positions we can't always bring
everybody to the bar top or get dinner
because as soon as the the barbell
Brigade meeting is over some people have
to split up and go through their own
thing yeah I think that's the part that
sucks I wish that like we did have a
full full team that the barbell Brigade
gym guys can just handle the gym and
then barber get corporate guys we can
all go eat yeah that would be really
nice and it kind of makes it harder to
because we're 24 hour about the gym guys
they don't really get to come out or
there's always gonna be one person
that's gonna miss
it's like they have to be working yeah I
guess that's the unfortunate thing but
it's also a good thing and the reason
why I'm saying it's like it's
unfortunate that we can't bring like the
whole team because everyone's got a hold
down the fort but the good thing though
that I that I feel is really cool it's
we it rewards the og members you know
you kind of have to earn your place
it's like everyone came through the gym
and they're tested at the gym to see if
their barbell Brigade dominate humbling
material and after you earn your plate
like Nadeem he earned his place where
does he work the gym anymore
and Charles on his way like that Evans
on his way like that and you you have to
earn her a place and it's like a
privilege to do the barbell Brigade
corporate only things and I would
actually really like this system because
this system doesn't play favorites even
me and Gio had to go through it like
when we first open barbell Brigade it
was me Gio and in the original four
members and when when during those days
even me and Gio check people in in the
morning we used to wake up at 4:00 to
open the gym up and then we would leave
the gym at 1:00 a.m. because we got the
clothes a mop and clean and there are
times where like general was extra tired
so she would close out one and then open
again at 4:00 and there's times I would
do that to him you only slept like three
hours a night from like a few days at a
time but because we know how that feels
and we actually went through that when
we demand like sometimes hard how are
you my guys it's not unreasonable and I
don't
like a hypocrite because we kind of all
been through that you don't know deep
into that syrup into that and now with
the new and you guys even though I would
like to take them out with us every
single time they still have yet to prove
the camaraderie and the loyalty and the
devotion to the do you think that's
correct
yeah yeah everyone it's like a rite of
passage yeah you kind of have to earn
your stripes and yet depend of your so
and we've all been there we all know
what it's like to start off and you're
grinding it and you it's like it's it
kind of like interning like you hate it
you gotta fucking do the cooking so you
don't want to do oh my god this car that
I just pull right or foot okay let's go
in Hollis slow
mom the biggest Chinese probably usually
people hate at least the Asian people in
66 make sense but out here it just it
you can like it's not fair you can't you
can't do what you do back home and do it
over here because no one else is
following those singers yeah I think it
I think it's also kind like a fraternity
you know how like first don't have a
fraternity you're a pledge you know
you're a pledge yeah and then yeah you
gotta roll the punches because sometimes
our world sometimes our world hosts in
their villager you don't know so you
know when you're a pledge you kind of
just you got to do everything that your
I guess they call them a big or whatever
okay that's what they say and then once
you earn your stripes and you become a
big and then now you get to have the
benefits of the fraternity hey truth
then you get your little
and then you gotta take care of them so
being a big this would just mean you get
to boss them around no it means you got
to provide leadership and be a mentor to
them yeah do you think it's a fair
system the games that you kind of went
through a lot of it I think so it's been
a year since I've worked at the gym yeah
and it's cool to see because like you
start off doing everything you know
nobody nobody starts at a higher
position than anyone else yeah you
everyone like lower puts in the work it
was shorter than their bosses like you
guys you guys do reward us within it's
because of the people that work hard and
really sure that they're about Marvel
you know in assembly in the family and
everything and we do even though it's
not
you guys shouldn't really especially
like a workplace a lot of jobs they
don't believe orders like you guys do
but since we're a family we get stuff
like going on trips you know doing all
these other things that most people
don't ever get to experience you know
yeah it's cool because it also makes it
like everyone everyone shows that they
wanna work hard and it built since they
gonna build their own career within
marble and I learned all these different
things with the marble that's pretty
true that's awesome I can't wait till we
go on this year's retreat the last time
a lot of fun went to the cabin it was
snowing what's don't worry we got a real
a lot of fun you guys can actually see
that in the vlog man up we shot a vlog
with that but I can't wait for this year
because now we get to add on so many
more people and I think we're gonna try
to plan it earlier so to get away cold
place yeah we're already talking about
amazing I think you're right am i a
beast in bed is that what you see my
pink the beautiful heaven the beautiful
heaven yeah yeah exactly
really I make you see Jesus in heaven ah
yeah
you said I'm a piece I'm like am i
apiece
