under the pan instinct is that what that
is all you can fly like an angel now
what's going on over here basically our
only lifters at this Jam worth about a
huge and they were just saying like you
know what it'll be better if we could
have the kilo place between the two
platform so that the heat I'll be
differential change way to get away like
all the factors are holy so where's that
you know well we can make it happen for
organized yes my grid so basically we
it does look better actually because now
weights used to be like over here and
now they're over there over here we can
add sure looks like it and I'll not just
on with all the weights over there and
that's all the way over here
this is my home
that's one thing I really like about the
bar buffer gate staff is that everyone
is always trying to find a way to make
things better so they don't just look at
stuff and go oh show you see all those
crack plates let's put glue on it they
go oh you see all those new plates that
everyone else has or you see those guys
that are benching every time they bench
to get tired maybe we should just have
like an actual chill bench for them to
sit there while they're training so it's
not a they have a how can we make good
things better and better things best
type of mentality and I think that's
what really separates the staff a
barbell Brigade from a lot of the other
staff on other places you know a lot of
other places clock in and clock out try
to get the job done and that's it they
don't do anything to make the place
better but all the barbell Brigade staff
is really really cool and they're always
trying to better every future that we
can make the entire brand better and I
couldn't have asked for a better family
than these guys Oh what are you doing
now is stealing the money what are doing
is stealing the money from the company
yeah my money what's that money in their
hands mine what is that the secret
secret huh let's see what everyone else
is doing right now
Michels cleaning the platforms because
after we moved the platform there was
mad shock on the floor over there
so see that's an additional theater
I can't say enough good things about
these guys after they moved it instead
of just moving it and placing things
they moved it over and then they're like
holy shit there's a bunch of chalk that
was underneath the platforms let's clean
that up so now not only did they move it
over they organized it it made it nice
and clean and this is grid was this your
idea to move it over Michael the intern
oh you're the only adjourned at the
Keener so how did you come up with the
idea to put the weights in the middle
because I was really lazy to put it back
so then I was like maybe I should just
put this in the middle
was out of laziness it wasn't out of
let's try to make barbell Brigade better
for me if I was lifting on the platform
at all the way which is all your life
now I'm trying to move all the weights
over here let's just move the weights to
me and I'll be easier to put away at
least you're honest
because you're willing to mix your
something on you - oh thank you see
honesty is the best policy
there's people lifting already early in
the morning it's like I got here at 8:00
it's 8:50 now usually I come here a
little bit earlier just so cuz this is
like my only time I get to walk around
talk to people hang out with people
usually I'm so busy that it besides me
training at Barber brigade
really have time to kind of story about
the axe
and so because of that I just give
myself an extra 30
before and after I train
and see what things we can also improve
on who's doing a great job
and who's doing a bad job you know
wasn't a bad job but it's just
a little bit every now and then I'll
come in at a later times like oh we're
trying to kind of spot check it and so I
got here at 8:00 but now it's 9:00 so I
gotta start rolling out everyone is
rolling out already because it's a time
to trade
today's training will be the bench press
and we're not just doing any regular
bench press it will competition bench
pressing because I'm prepping for a
politicking and a depositing me there's
a competition squat competition
dedication bench press and what's
different is first of all look at this
contraption this is a competition bench
it's a standardized height standardized
with and it's a super adjustable where
the backlight is and we're going to be
using kilos which means you have to bus
out of calculator because I don't know
how to do math that well and I have to
convert all my weights to kilo see
that's as 20 filler grams over there
each one of those plates is a different
kilo and that's what makes it confusing
so sometimes like when you follow one of
those elite lifters on Instagram and
they're like bench 353 today or squatted
for 17 the reason why there's changed a
ton where the fuck you get those extra
two or three pounds from it's probably
because you're using competition plates
some of the kilos convert over it does
Comfort over perfectly there is that
change here there so that's probably
what today I have to hit 345 pounds for
six sets of two session but I am getting
stronger and I'm feeling really good and
I think at my meet in about a month or
about a month and a half I should do
pretty good actually so I'm really
excited let's see how potential goes to
how do you feel so far to them out there
feel good yeah what are you about to
hear right now oh you're gonna think
about Monday chillin don't be better why
are you wearing a bunch of ex-boyfriend
with your current boyfriend I wanna make
the ex-boyfriend jealous
to make it jealous let's go 205 marker
my Oprah is making a comeback I believe
in her
let's go my bear
nice
oh good
no you hit ten you hit ten that's
awesome it looked good it looked like
good it done like another two or three
and I also saw that you hesitated don't
hesitate yeah you unwrapped it you came
in and then you went down when you hit
the bottom when you came out you're like
oh wait this is kind of heavy and then
you blasted past it and then like wait
this is a heavy don't think baby no you
gotta be a gorilla
you got an unwrap it and just a thousand
hundred percent just you go and go don't
think about it stop
all right so I finished warming up and
now it's time for my first set and I
have to do 342 for doubles and I'm going
to play one of my favorite high songs
and then get on with it
just got in to the office and look what
the lovely mama bear got for me no not a
samurai suit that is the opposite
samurai suit that we order straight from
Japan
she got me my lunch and I also had Jess
who is the JK office manager to get
company kimchi because I love eating
kimchi with wobbu grill thanks mama bear
for getting me lunch
okay you know a lot of times like we're
so busy that it's like go go go you
probably took a shower here right yeah
so like for me might even have a chance
I usually like to take showers here but
because I know these guys love to come
with us to work I usually go straight
home after the gym just so I can pick
them up and bring them to work with us
because they love it and sometimes when
you're really busy I get lunch for you
and so I'm coming down the parking lot
with three dogs in one hand while the
girl in the left hand sometimes I'm even
coming down with some Stumptown coffee
and I'm just sweating like crazy like
right now I don't even have a shirt on
because it's just really really hot so
I'm walking around with a backpack on no
shirt three dogs and it's felis nice
when my bear can help out and she did
today and I was able to just focus on
the dogs and taking the fat shit that I
was taking know what happened there
we take your morning shits well I did
take my morning shit but then I was
really really tired today because you
know we finished filming our snapchat
Q&A really late last night and then I
had to wake up extra early for today's
meeting so I only slept like five six
hours and it's when I got to the gym on
my bow my mind's not in the right place
to get a really good workout in yeah so
I was like the meats coming up usually I
would just like fuck it I'm gonna deal
with what I got like if I got half
charge batteries in my body I'm gonna
work out what half charge batteries but
the meats coming up so I need to be
fully charged I took a pre-workout which
I'm not used to and there's high dosages
of caffeine and that's why yeah I think
that's why when I got home right when I
was about to take a shower I was fucking
shitting my brains out and I probably
shit at least like to wet burritos
Chipotle sized oh you know that's nice
you compared it to your shit you like
take a shower Muppet ah not really cuz
um I hate feeling you know when your
dance they'll ask you to go so I can
watch showers my body temperatures up
I'm sweating and I'm still kind of bit
um so what I prefer to do in the comfort
of my own home and in privacy is I just
like to I like to tell off and then
remove myself from the area that's super
moist yeah the bathroom and I just kind
of like to be naked and just kind of get
ready naked um but here I'm forced to be
in this damp room and then girls school
is already pretty fitted so I'm checked
like I like putting cream on my body and
then I put my clothes on Tom damp I'm
grease using the cream my closest eye
and I'm just struggling and I started
sweating and it's just so uncomfortable
so no I don't like the HRC that's so
crazy because I I feel like I'm more
sensitive to that problem than you but
you have the loose-fitting clothing and
you can walk without a shirt and I love
it here because the AC actually reaches
the bathroom here versus at home since
we don't have central a/c whatever the
temperature the bathroom is it's
whatever the shower was left off at so
it's I hella hot hella humid and which
is why I always turn on the AC in the
bedroom before I even take a shower so
as soon as I'm done I sprint into the
bathroom I'm into the bedroom to cool
the fuck off
but here the AC goes in the bathroom so
as soon as you come out the bathroom
school never as cool as the rest of the
office because it's still so much
moisture in there because there's no
ventilation why don't you just sit on
the toilet it just chill off a little
bit
some wasting time I need to go go go I
can't just sit there I'll just walk out
in a bikini and then change in the other
room really everyone seen you in a
bikini here so I don't know what's not
the right setting for realz
that's so weird so for you it's about
the setting it's not about it's not
about what you've done and you haven't
done before
no it's time in place it's just
appropriate in some situations so I
could I mean we can say we've had sex
before in the fucking bedroom why not
just do it on the kitchen table you know
wow that's mind-blowing that's crazy ma
bear coz for me it's whatever I've done
with people I'm down to do with people
so for example this is a professional
setting yeah yeah but you obviously
don't care for that I am professional
look at the watch
that's a fucking Rolex right there being
weird I'm not being weird you are being
weird while social standards and social
cues is the time a place for everything
so bikinis belong in swimming pools and
whatever everyone else is tanning you
know it's I guess is pretty much if the
masses are doing it it's appropriate I
don't know it's weird so I just have to
follow it Society
plating plate but then we also have the
JK Society and we operate on a whole
different set of rules and which is why
we have a samurai soup in our conference
room after Jen how's the Reformation not
fine that's not odd
what does Brittany think about this
nothing
what does meatloaf think about this ha
you're a big hot guy huh
giant no Jaya raccoon
what the hell is going on in the office
bathroom so you know my fake ass movie
that I'm doing you punk-ass bitch
yeah so we have the the feature that
we're going to be shooting so I need to
get detected in because number one I
want to get into character
yeah so I want to get this in now before
start shooting in about two and a half
weeks yeah so one of the things that my
characters is a kid from the 90s Torelli
right so early 90s 1992 yeah and you
know back in the day you know we all had
shaped heads yeah so we're we're doing a
shaved head character thing and how
shaped are you gonna go just like this I
don't want to do skinny I don't want to
escape it yeah I wanted to be somewhat
clear but you know by this time like 90s
Asian kids didn't get the lineup though
that was like something there ah yeah
that's a new thing
yeah so just getting a fade and just
having a shape and then I'm gonna be
getting into character real soon
there's something on for the month of
August so be choice doing me why are you
going all out for a fake ass movie fuck
it
I fucking hate you so much Dan look at
all the hair dude I know Merida was the
one that was against the most for real
she hates Chapin's but does she
understand what acting is that's what I
told her I felt like no but you know
this for a role she goes fine I guess
I'm gonna cut my hair short to that I
was like what are you what is this so
what are you getting revenge for yeah
this isn't like a competition I hope you
know I weren't like 60k in like this is
done yeah cuz that's not like you going
yo I gotta get ripped for a role fine
I'm gonna get ripped too
it's just a role as a role you just got
to play a role yeah I'm super excited
like it's like a grounded comedy but
it's not really it's more of a dramatic
piece so like it's really out of my
character interview this but then we
kind of wrote this and we base this off
of a lot of it about my life yeah you're
going to see a kid who grew up early 90s
that we were working in this parent
store and did it out of
loyalty you know yeah our father passed
away so Justin kind of plays this role
of my older brother and then so you guys
are our family yeah what kind of store
do your parents on my parents on a huge
bus with his parents I mean in the movie
she stole a shoe store yeah oh cool a
woman's shoe store women's shoes like
heels and stuff yeah oh shit so there's
give me a lot of good funny moments but
why'd you guys choose a women's shoe
store instead of like one of those
traditional swapmeet type stores I think
it's because like number one like we
have access to that stuff
yeah number two it's like I want to say
a lens to the comedy but it kind of like
adds to like a realism of like there's a
point where our parents wanted to open
up a men's shoe store yeah but you know
it was like in the hood and they kept on
getting robbed so they're like fucking
move so what issues buxom steal that
stuff that's true so we opened that
instead so this character we kind of
wanted to highlight the LA riots in the
way that it's funny because like Asian
business were the ones that were
affected the most
yeah our stores were the previous we're
the ones that got trashed yeah we're on
rules with shotguns and but people will
talk about that story
yeah half about the Rodney King beatings
in relation to any black and white
people but they don't talk about the
Asian business that they got fuck them
along the way true so there's a couple
of movies or anything produced that are
about the only rights but they are
mentioned at all
they're never mentioned because I think
it's more dramatic to be like white
versus black just so much history but
when you have like let's say a white on
black war and then three Asians and
three Mexicans died or like I don't know
they're they're like Inbetweeners who
cares yeah and I think like that that
store become such a be my story but I'm
very serious people going to know me
like Creed games at that time we're
we're banding together to protect the
cream physicists yeah there are rules
but my god
it was some serious shit throwing jars
of kimchi at people let's die mylon's
are moving in the shoe for I hope I'm
gonna be gone for all of August are you
shooting every day almost every day
except for one day rest damn so six days
a week yeah for one day rest a whole
month one day restaurant week are we oh
it's good to go relax yeah and then we
are you guys shooting 12-hour days yeah
fuck cuz we're actually going to be
submitting this to Sundance and the lake
September so you guys are doing a film
film schedule yep like catering and all
that yeah we have a full team set up and
said Sundance of next year September
yeah cuz you're you guys are gonna be
like this year yeah we're what we should
be post while production happening yep
that's what he told me so you're going
to shoot and edit at the same time what
about post and stuff like color
correction sound Foley it's black and
white with a 50 millimeter transfer so
it's like a shot on buzzers so but we're
doing a tractor and supply welcome damn
so you're aiming to fail haha what
you're gonna even do post the same time
you're doing production yeah and then we
have a month full of posts and so like
just to put it like in perspective like
some of our like the funding that we
have for this is very minimal this is a
super low budget film yeah we were I
could tell that's our Brandon's pairing
her hair instead of an actual makeup
person we're like scrounging for like
money right now and it's funny because
we have a lot of like Asian people you
know yeah or like talking about you know
Asian media representation how wrong it
is and they've been open about it too
and these times have got stacks on
stacks and stacks of cash now we ask
them for support this film that is
highly H the asian story edge this is
routledge it this is a crazy good script
i back to script to the max yeah and I
like Justin wrote it with a lot of heart
we had a lot of writers on it too and at
the end of the day we asked them for
money which they can give to
like this they're like a little pad and
it's so funny words it's so interesting
how like people who are the most outward
now spoken about this like when you have
to fuckin lock the lock not there they
don't put their money where their mouth
is I put into perspective like this like
our biggest partner is not agent oh my
god
yeah was it like a white guy French Oh
same thing yeah yeah there's so many
people out there they're like yo man I'm
the biggest fan and - I fuckin love
lifting and then I'm like oh did you
ever join bar brigade no you ever stop
by no you ever buy a t-shirt no okay so
you're not a supporter yes I am alright
okay because it's like really uh
disappointed like it is crazy too
because it's like damn dude I'm gonna
talk about about a lot of money even
we're like if you don't want points so
like you know we have a point over X
amount of money gives you a point in the
ownership of the film yeah and what I do
don't even do that then how about a few
hundred anything works yeah and anything
go a long way to pay for a sound guy pay
for cables carefully for whatever yeah
other interns like you know hundred
bucks gas money for some people I do
that good in a soft light and you're
very disappointed but at the same time I
think like you know that's indicative
let me talk about like films with a lot
of like lot of characters and stuff but
the black
yeah a really strong they support they
support a fuck out other people do Elia
I wish we had that for our people in
terms of entertainment like I we think
we do that very well for other things
like an entertainment is not in still
not there yet so no that's true yeah I
support each other more yeah my fake ass
well you bitch
I mean I'm gonna waste my money about
probably buy on iTunes on this fake-ass
film to wherever it goes I fuckin you to
be damned Brendan got a full on kid over
there mm-hmm
holy shit you get that many haircut
requests that you need oh you have a
full-on kit I know that's insane I come
through and just pay this one but then
you're gonna kill me hi all right I'll
do I likes it this is it this it this is
it
all right I'll hire no I think this is
perfect in I'll let you guys be while
you guys work on this fake Elvina dude
run a gratis camera because I was like
what the hell is going on in here with
all this hair in our bathroom our office
bathroom the stranger
a stranger what did your mom tell you to
do the strangers kick them in the nuts
go okay come with an Isaac that's not as
nuts you got to take anatomy class
basements there you go I'm teaching them
self-defense kick all strangers in the
nuts
just got home right now and my brain is
hella dead I'm just sitting in the
driveway if there aren't any neighbors
looking at me right now they're probably
like dude our neighbor is hella weird
you just drove home and you're just
sitting in their driveway with the car
on and the a/c on but I'm super tired
and I'm in Jill's car too by the way
because I knew I was gonna be filming
Liat jumpa studio so I asked Gio if she
could take my truck back and bring the
dogs back home so that the dogs are not
the staff office all as if they're kids
but yeah I'm really exhausted and it's
12:10 in the morning right now just way
past my bedtime but it was hella worth
it because um what we were filming at
jump-cut studios is a jump cut Academy
so if you guys been following me and Joe
every time we go there we actually
launched a couple of classes on jump cut
academy on entrepreneurship how to make
videos and what jump cut Academy is
pretty much the main purpose of it right
now is to offer people a different life
path to offer people different career
options that aren't explored in schools
or really talked about and kind of just
a lot of these upcoming entrepreneurs
like just getting films and David so and
everyone else and to kind of share our
experience and kind of take a step by
step process to show others how they too
can do what we've done
and one of the benefits of being in the
Academy there's this forum that people
get to post their videos in and kind of
critique each other this is the
community on jump Academy and today we
were able to help critique four of our
students there and this is the part I'm
the most excited about because I
remember when me and Joe made our first
video and it was shitty as fuck - we had
no direction no instruction no one
taught us how to do anything we just did
what we felt was right and I could sense
that same type of eagerness naiveness
but also most importantly the enthusiasm
in these four students that submitted
their videos and it was awesome to be
able to kind of give a lot of the notes
that took us years to develop you know
like I've been doing YouTube since 2007
so it's been nine years so the nine
years of experience that I've had from
all the trial and error I was able to
kind of help these guys out in just 10
minutes
each critiquing each video so that they
can better it immediately like if these
guys take these notes and they
immediately put it into the videos
they're making I'm a hundred percent
sure they're going to be able to
accomplish way more than any of us I
guess
oh geez have in a way shorter amount of
time because they actually have
mentorship like for us like us Marnie
got KevJumba and you know all these
other bigger guys we've kind of paved
the road and we kinda have to figure
things out ourselves
you know like d-trix one of our close
buddies he was telling us that he owes
all of his success to Ryan Higa cuz Ryan
Higa literally taught him the ropes
taught him his editing style and they
had the same sense of humor and taught
him how to harness that same sense of
humor and because of Ryan Higa he was
able to hit a million subscribers in a
year when it took Ryan I think at least
five years to hit that so the
information that is passed around in
jump cut Academy is invaluable and every
single month they're adding another
instructor with credibility and that
actually creates content on there so I
think anytime that I'm able to pass it
long knowledge and experience in a
positive way it makes doing it worth it
like during a the filming of the
critique like my mouth is kind of
getting all jumbled up and and I was
stuttering kind of like I am now at the
end of the day after doing all kinds of
talking and meetings after meetings
after meetings you just get kind of
tired they kind of get lockjaw I was
kind of feeling that way my mouth was
dry like it is now I don't know if you
can hear my lips might even be chapped
typing my eyes just closing like while
I'm about to fall asleep but all of that
is worth it because I know that because
of our critique and us providing our
insight and wisdom were able to kind of
help the same exact people that were in
the same shoes that we were kind of
jumpstart and launch their career and
the trajectory that they want to take
and today we helped out a girl she
looked young a little asian girl vlogger
and we helped out a guy that was a
guitar instructor taught him how to kind
of you know tune up his his
instructional videos a sketch comedy
type of guy was our Forte and another
guy who was like playing a character
kind of like a bro science type of dude
we wants to base his entire channel off
of a character and we're able to kind of
provide advice all across the board and
hopefully they're able to take it but if
you guys are really interested in
joining this jump cut Academy there will
be a link below
I'm tired of so I'm gonna go home knock
the hell out but I think I'm gonna pet
my dogs we're just going to love them to
death I'm going to pet those furry
creatures kiss my wife and I'm gonna go
to sleep
peace amazing am i a beast in bed what
love that is that what you see that I
make guys hello the beautiful heavens
the beautiful heaven yeah yes really I
make you see Jesus in heaven alright
draw is like I don't know could you set
up a piece I'm like am i abusive let's
go look her
