yeah the wonder Bible there you go you
like it that's awesome if you want to be
faithful on the coat in the car in the
living room this is pretty awesome there
you go you can call the wonder Bible but
anyway good morning everybody good
morning baby I got some nakedness going
on down here we were just doing some
skin skins and then he went mom you're
too hot get off me woman so then I got
off of him good that you frozen
Simon Says move Hey so yeah um today is
gonna be what I think to be a fun day
just cuz I know I've been cooking a lot
because I had that blue apron
opportunity and I was really really cool
and that kind of sparked a cooking
interest in me that means your mama's
gonna cook for you now we're not gonna
eat McDonald's all day
just kidding we don't eat McDonald's all
day but everyone yeah so that kind of
sparked interesting cooking so now I
kind of always had an interest to
cooking let me lower the TV yeah I've
always kind of been interested in
cooking so I would buy all these like
cookbooks one of them being this one
it's a Korean home cooking and street
food so um I saw it on Urban Outfitters
I like to shop there a lot and I was
looking at the recipes and I want to
make this I want to make mon Dieu so I'm
gonna make pokemons do and I was reading
the direction that it looks pretty
doable so I think I'm gonna attempt that
and there were a couple other things
maybe he's like some bunch on like um
seaweed or green beans string beans not
green beans trimmings um what else did I
want to make
me it's in here what is it called yeah
oh you're playing with your Fox good boy
a cutie pie where did it go would it go
where to go where to go go go all right
well I can't see it but yeah so I'm
gonna be a attempting like two or three
this one looks really good it's no
making mondieu might as well make this
yeah where's the other one all right if
I don't see it within the next first few
page flips oh god I want to make that so
bad but I can't eat that just yet oh
this I want to make kimchi fried rice or
kimchi both whatever sorry I don't have
pronounce that bulky um pop both kimbap
hey hey hey this is laughing yeah yeah
so yeah I'm looking through these a
little bit more and then get the
ingredients list going and then yeah go
pick up some ingredients and then part
Pablo and I are gonna we're gonna cook
some stuff all right it's a little
update tyka just chilling dogs just
chillin you look like you were up to no
good for you you're up to no good pop
air not chillin quite the opposite
actually
stretching it would take I don't know
what it looks like jeez it's funny
why yeah your leg owes you money
Celie oh and then I went ahead and um I
picked out the dishes that I want to
make or actually I just labeled the ones
that I that aren't
I'm interested in and out of these
because it's too many to cook or create
I picked two main and then three sides
god pop Birds trying to suck his own
wiener now that's what he's searching
out for liar tell them the truth you're
crazy I don't know it's pretty good of
me uh yeah so we're probably gonna go to
a can't Caden market you think yeah yeah
yeah we'll go to Korean market get the
ingredients and then I'll attempt to
make this stuff I'm pretty excited
ah cream it was actually quite simple to
make I know David kept telling me that
at least for the dishes I'm gonna make
those seem very manageable and they seem
like within like 40 minutes they'll be
done like the sides seemed like in like
ten minutes it'll be done or five
minutes yeah they seemed really fast so
excited all right so we're all packed
and ready to go Bob Baer is doing the
paw bear duty of looking up a Korean
supermarket I don't know what makes it
just supermarket so just gonna rephrase
a Korean market I typed in Korean market
and Albertsons popped up for some reason
so that's good for them but um I brought
my book so that I can just because I get
stuck anywhere I can double check it um
but yeah excited I'm gonna get some
creating
lovely some Korean snacks because y'all
Koreans your food is good your desserts
are BOM your drinks are dope
and your snacks are the best I don't
know do you like Korean snacks or
Japanese snacks better I like I feel
like Japanese snacks more than Korean
was because I must not like candy and
stuff all of it
the whole spectrum Japanese I think
range is pretty much copy the Japanese
ones who came first which means the
Japanese or the Korean yea actually the
Koreans it all then the cream the
Japanese well the Koreans migrated from
China and then they populated Japan such
a panel should learn all of their
culture from Koreans but there's an
entire period where creel is just
getting butt raped by all the countries
around it and the current Korea the name
Korea is new it started like the 1950s
before I was called the chosen area BAM
facts
I wish history was taught by you why you
use stuff like but fuck I think I but
fuck that's like oh man that was not
pleasant like a lot of bad shit happened
and only one side want the receiving the
giving the giving end I guess but I
don't know I'm usually above hooks on it
good yeah but you got to build into it
you know what I mean but fuck for the
first yeah like that might be kind of
painful like you got to make sure you
kind of ease into the whole thing yeah
so yeah if you thought a history class
I'd be listening all right so we have
finally parts parking is pretty nuts
because everyone is doing holiday
grocery shopping so we are at a Korean
supermarket called 8h Mart which
probably stands for uncooked mark mark
Han gook Han gook yeah what yeah
here we go into the belly of the beast
dang it oh I feel like some pre-made
food or something like that
I'm so hungry he's referring to just
wanting to get some food because he's
starving
yeah and no I'm talking to them that's
you know the situation okay all right
here we go belly of the beast
so we're inside
lunch that got it
what do I want for lunch something with
to eat now
nothing yet
more stuff on this side this kimbap Oh
more on this side
all right so here's the ingredient list
first on the list I gotta get noodles
right there but this is what I have to
love that luckily you found him
moist gluten-free not that much actually
I think I can go with that pack yeah
this just for the Monday yeah thanks for
the inside of it yeah you know me ounces
or France that's more than enough
yeah that's more than enough
all right so this is funny because we
need to find dark soy sauce and light
soy sauce Bart can read Chinese I can
read Korean and kind of make things out
but I don't know what it's called in
Korean so Bart found it here in its
lying Korean but it's in Chinese and
since thin soy sauce this is black soy
sauce and it has a Korean hander there
and then here's a Korean there so just
I'm trying to see if it's the same thing
but it's I'm not sure is what I'm like
figuring out all right so I think we've
got all the ingredients we are missing
maybe the one that won't really make a
difference but look at that our car
looks legit
but I don't think this looks like the
actual family cause where I used to go
to the supermarket with my parents this
was the shop your comic book light but
since we got together every time we go
it's like spur-of-the-moment let's get
spaghetti there's literally spaghetti
tomato sauce my crotch
and this guy's eating to you even your
food you've been such a good boy thank
you for being so good for mommy and
daddy I love you so much
all right some the madness in the
quantiles continues we got Tiger aka
king of the pill World War I go
we got popper in the house hey we got
funny shake it funny shake it shake it
shake it
we got bhrigu yeah lay down we got
nothing to fly hey it's me loafer hey
but I don't know why did that whole
intros a lot of fun but I have been busy
while the boys over here have been
entertaining themselves I should show
you guys what we bought at the Korean
market cuz that thing was intense
goddess it was like everyone and their
mom texted each other and they were like
hey let's invite our thousand deals and
it's all show up at H market and just
freakin start crashing into each other
for no reason that's what it felt like
put it any way I use the very minimal
Korean that I do know and I guessed on a
lot of the Korean products so this one
one tho mah wait me young I think that's
to see what I need yeah and then I got
some shiitake mushrooms I'll show you
guys what I'm gonna make but sleep with
that though boo mouths noodles
I got what does this call is it's called
red pepper powder or called you called
you
cuddle cuddle yeah red pepper powder I'm
gonna make some pancake mix but I'm
gonna make mine with scallions and kim
jiae's that the Papa had a really crazy
sweet tooth so he bought like a bunch of
sweets and it surprised me because he's
not the candy guy he's the desert sky if
he got choco pie no I've never had this
one green tea so I'm excited for that
you got the og choco pie which you
already know I got into it
for all of you guys I haven't tried to
equip I say try it cuz it is bull
if you guys know a better alternative
chocolate why Tommy because I am going
to go dessert and trying that new one
that uses recommend I think this is like
red being something what a coup Thawra
yaki sounds Japanese as fuck but yeah
popular got it pop it also bought which
I'm surprised this is also Japanese I
got grape gummy candy he got the
fettuccine I got these for sure cuz you
know cookies wafers same thing then you
got mocha roll cake which looks very
promising
it's so spongy so that's kind of on the
snack side of things I'm on the smack
side of things and that's quite a bit a
lot of a for us two of us so on the
ingredients end this is another one
where I used my cream but I got some mon
dieu p m-- on Dukey chop whatever but
yeah
moths to pee so I was like oh honey dose
I got that cuz I'm gonna make mon dieu
tomorrow and then we got some firm tofu
and then we got some bon chance he's in
fresh cucumber and then we got some
sprouts and then we got some tofu some
fried tofu at the bottom of that we got
some marinated short rib Corian style
and Dan and Dan this is where I got a
little Japanese I got my Kisame ooh God
aka pickled ginger this is bomb if
you've ever eaten at your Shania
it's the ginger that they give you I
love that stuff I like it around my food
in that we got some cabbage we got some
more Kinch izzle
some cabbage pinch izzle
and then got some quibbles or huevos
or eggs I got me some pork belly and
then some beep well it's like pork
shoulder or ground pork yeah I got
really inspired to flip from tongue you
guys so I got a bunch of ingredients and
then I got my spinach and then I got
some what is that I don't that is but
yeah I got it whatever it is oh it's our
spinach embarrassing we got some onions
I think that's it I'm kind of excited to
cook her I wanted to do today but we had
a late lunch which I'm so full from so
I'm trying to really cook that stuff
right now so I'm gonna just pick it
tomorrow and the Christmas decorating
station still continues yes
but I'm gonna put some Korean pears in
the fridge cuz uh is he so bomb cold
yeah that's what we're doing right now
that's my bear taking the little baby
tiger back upstairs
it's about that time of the night for
him to go to sleep you know we're gonna
try to do so tyka someone pooped up
there who all right well that's a start
of the night so what we're trying to do
is that itís getting tired so we're
like oh you don't wanna do well we'll
take advantage of this put them to bed
at 8:20 so that me and MA bear can
finally enjoy ourselves and have a nice
little date night and watch a movie or
something but I guess I have to clean up
the dog poop first and which is weird
because our dogs are very very
potty-trained so I don't know who did
this
but there is one culprit that's been
doing this on the regular and is you
think it's fine what do you think is fun
that's true that's true
who pooped there's a you or was a you
someone did but I don't think it's me
love because this is where meatloaf
likes to lay so someone pooped yeah
which one of you guys hate meatloaf do
you hate me love hmm someone's walking
away like they did something wrong did
you poop did you poop who pooped no one
wants to admit it
what about me love did you poop why are
you here nowhere to be found
all right well I gotta clean this up now
to clean up this little poop first
before we get to have our little date I
see someone down there it was funny and
I deer stick it out I see someone
breaky intonation yeah yeah and I think
they've just kind of familiarized what
get out go all down stairs means that
you just go downstairs they just go
right go go pee
go pee and then they go about their
doggy door yeah we used to be like go
pee go outside do this but now it's just
words they're like oh yeah they're not a
speak English that's cool look at
funnies it is both of them are sticking
apparently there you good girl good girl
funny time for a Korean pair so we
didn't put the pair in the fridge for
that long but I cannot resist because
now it's date time for me and mom bear
yeah we're gonna get a healthy snack and
the funny thing about Korean pairs is I
grew up eating them ever since I was
like 3 years old dad we got a bunch of
them and the funny thing about it is
when I ate these as a kid which these
grow indigenously in Taiwan they're just
called snow pairs and even at the
supermarkets at the Chinese supermarkets
they call them snow pairs
and then for some reason like all of a
sudden I think like early 2000 late 90s
they started brandy things things act
cruelly in supermarkets as Korean pears
and then my friends are black I had ever
had can we in Paris not like oh no I
have to what's so special about it
and I don't see this motherfucker and
I'm like you mean a snow pear
you mean an Asian pear this pair belongs
to all of Asia why guys still in this
for that's something I never understood
why it was called like Korean pear it's
pretty hilarious but I'm gonna eat this
chop it up and it's gonna look so
delicious I didn't cut the core out but
it's cuz we're eating at home so does it
matter
mob back you ready for a Korean pear the
Jew did you get to see these guys as
Korean pears or as Asian pears or as
snow pears or did a Korean introduce it
to you I bet he called it uh or she
called it a Korean pear oh really
yeah I can eat your pear cuz every
Korean person ever talked to it as well
or I would try to Korean pear Rohan
yeah and I'm just like you know it's
actually a snow pear right and and then
you know it's redundant because you're
not gonna call it a Korean pear in Korea
you know I mean like the Korean national
anthem in Korea is just the national
anthem the Korean flag in Korea is just
the flag you know what I mean like we
don't go American American food wow it's
just you know but how's this ahjussi
I'm just gonna take my goddamn pears
that I am three percent Korean but this
belongs to all of us Asians and not just
you Koreans okay US Koreans alright
hey you don't understand this decision
this asian be few Mexican - I do
understand you fucking invaders of our
land
I've never invaded Mexico except down
there freakin Baja Mexico um this was
Mexico before all right
no time out your friggin Baja parts
southern you ready to go on this date or
what you blow freaky snake oh yeah I
thought you're gonna watch a movie and
gone l'eau de l'eau freaky I don't know
Jackie's a little freaky snake hmm all
right ma'am I'm very gonna finally enjoy
some alone time while Tiger sleeping
with the baby mother on this double
check on this guy yep sleeping all right
sleep is low-light boy and we'll see you
guys tomorrow good night
