haha it's early in the morning dude
Bart's right there Michael what the hell
he explained yourself please watch
Tiffany watch his hands okay I know a
girl midget oh yeah I got you you'll be
vigilant
cuz this guy's a butt grabber what how
do you but I don't know I mean I was
just minding my own business I was just
gonna get my camera and then I felt this
no no no that's not you I was just
walking by doing my own thing in my head
just happened to my she just happened to
be next to the table so unfortunately
you know I try to learn not to touch
okay well he didn't really grab it it
was more of a grades but it was
obviously was accidental but the way he
reacts at any explanation you make it
worse oh yeah like sometimes Oh Michael
you're the best
remember the hello I don't know if I
want to say on camera though all right
all right
you won't save it we won't we'll talk
about it off camera but this is your JK
second JK party with us what are you
expecting I'm expecting to win again you
know oh shit I left with two WS and
Charlie with another 2w today so I think
the gradable use three WS yeah what was
one for the one for the Roomba all right
best and then one when you were the for
the Olsen one night ultimate werewolf
cuz you were the minion oh that's right
and then the second one I want you were
aware one see that's why they call me
Coby 3p who calls you that
alright so today you think you're gonna
win a bunch of shit I better be sad I
hate leaving said I wanted even a w-wait
I mean you're gonna have fun regardless
they're dull it's just a game I know I
feel you I don't like to lose I know I'm
on bummed out one I'll get over it but
did you say at the moment I feel you but
this better could do that better but
that's whatever yeah 30 double use again
today I feel like I'm the same way like
we've always called my ass out there
like G is so competitive
why is just relaxed it's just game I'm
like no I dude like that's why it's fun
cuz you guys see how intense it gets you
feel me
yeah we're trying to fucking win alright
you walked in you saw a bunch of little
plates with a bunch of shit on the
little plates what are you thinking boy
when I first came in the pickle started
smaller and then bigger it was like it
was decide what's
on here you and here Michael said it was
like a small pickle and then ended with
a big pickle I'm like Michael are you
trying to tell me Michael and then that
was kind of funny and I was like what's
going on I thought he did does a purpose
but Joel called them out you want to
hear something real quick to interrupt
your story watch Michaels walking away
did you just grab my ass he grazed him
but I said he grabbed it he got all
weird
can you like do it about it yeah it's
funny you sometimes you know I just did
all my hand just that I don't know my
cool but anyway so you saw the pickles
alright pickle
I can eat a sugar doughnut I can eat a
cracker something in my eye can it be so
we're gonna see how it is cuz last time
I was I saw the soda and I'm like well
it's too bad it just so that's our
Rancho we'll see ya and then I texted
you this morning I was like hey you
might get wet did that tell you anything
okay and that was really too late cuz I
was at my door you know Dan that's chill
of you
I thought you alright we'll see who wins
will see you in that's not Tiffany
changes she puts one shirt on over
another
there was no nip slip this time sorry
guys well Michael would you gotta say
about that now what look at how
conveniently you're facing this way I'm
really happy that it was a witness okay
I'm
so it's like because I heard I wasn't
telling you I was telling that these
guys that was perfect because she was
changing and his his chair was like
right in front of it yeah right Michael
holy SH what just happened I think this
is aftermath of all that good Joe what
happened we had it just kidding party
yeah covered and all him milk sour in it
did anyone tell you to do this dude this
was supposed to be swallowed by us we
were supposed to drink all of this but
it just didn't happen that way Michael I
know you're trying to prep but is this
what you expected - this is how I
expected I knew we're gonna be able off
once and only one fun as you can see
where I was looking at you there were a
few times where I thought you were gonna
throw up you look so uncomfortable I did
I don't know what I was thinking when I
uh when I agreed to play this one well
you didn't even play I did play I tested
it out oh it's always worth playing it
or watching it watching was really bad I
was I was literate so I wasn't even
exaggerating this time like I thought I
was really gonna fucking throw up like
seven times what I was gonna really
throw up it was there I was like told
you but did you that's it I felt it but
you did I fought it so hard I thought
you know you're a real party pooper when
you don't throw my god
almond milk on the carpet this office
has been through so much shit look at
this what do you think happened look at
all this this is horrible
let's just say there were food items
going into the mouth falling out of the
mouth onto the table and then from the
table going back into the mouth that's
what was happening and it was disgusting
and I'm so sorry for any of you guys
that are gonna have to watch this
because I hope we put a warning on there
because it definitely needs a warning
cuz it's disgusting and this just is
just discussion that's all I'm saying
what did you think of the challenge I
thought it was really funny because
usually when you eat well actually it's
a learning experience because when you
eat you kind of take for granted your
lips so when you're eating you don't
know that your lips are actually doing
all this muscle memory of keeping the
food from falling out if you get that so
I just eat normally but because my lips
are disabled I'm just like cause it's
easy and they just are all coming out my
lips usually yeah that is true because
right now I'm chewing them as you're
saying that I'm like oh she my gun my
mouth is doing a lot of the work I think
it's doing like 90% of the work on the
teeth are just grinding the food I think
now because of this challenge it
actually taught me to not take back my
lips for granted and I think this might
be a really good thing to do every day
just disable one body part that you used
to know so that you appreciate it most
remaining one day
catch the train and you jump in if you
make it if you don't you like gotta take
my hands don't take it for granted I
think it's it's a good day to just tired
ankles together and then try to visit or
swim
yeah like entire mouth and your nose
together just you know survive a day
without your lungs that's great advice
baby yours I always try to look for the
lesson and then the positivity and
things not smile earnest don't think
your lips behind it you're gonna be a
wonderful father
I can't wait not to say anything gonna
be we're gonna turn to sue me or another
baby it's not yellow I am pregnant
Hey so what are you asking Byron so the
whole Pokemon now ago I'll just go this
one pok√©mon are all there's over like
600 Pokemon in total I must play all the
games that have came out since like the
90s yeah but for now Pokemon go only has
the original Aundre 50 the best sauce
the og one I don't really grow up in the
Pokemon generation so I don't understand
it but I'm really curious and I like to
ask questions okay so what have you
learned so I've learned that people
travel to actual cities and specific
destinations like Santa Monica Pier or
they go to like this lake over here or
they go to this desert or museum or
Church because these are poppy
yeah because that's where the Pokemon
spot and it can capture specific Pokemon
there so when you say that like people
are trying to like gotta catch em all
when you complete your collection well
my collection look exactly the same as
like Julius or is everyone's completed
collection looks different everybody's
completely collection looks different it
depends on like where you live depends
only how often like you go out to find
different Pokemon yeah there are also
Pokemon that don't so I'm like in our
specific area within like Monterey part
within our area we can't possibly fight
Martha
all right like the Oh Siva so you gotta
like buy an airplane ticket to go to New
York to get this Pokemon oh not
necessarily I mean like you can but
someone online made Google Maps or like
what Pokemon can find where and so like
unlike the red one later different
unlike the subreddit on reddit calm
people are reporting like oh this
pokemons funs over here so if you ever
ever in this town in catch this specific
so then did they spawn according to
geographical like like if there's
mountains or habitat sometimes that semi
accurate semi accurate because like I
mean water pokemon obviously spawn near
the beach but it's kind of its kind of
weird because also electric pokemon spot
there as well which makes sense sorry
Joe
that makes sense water conducts
electricity okay then does that mean
that Hollywood is where all those slutty
pokemons are like jinkx no is that James
the one with the blonde hair yeah buddy
Pokemon sir all that Hollywood just look
like especially there's one story about
a guy to quit his job and he's traveling
around he's doing just this job that was
just on his bike and he's like dude this
is my only job and just collecting and
hoarding Pokemon and leveling them up
and he's like once the trading system
goes off I'm gonna start trading all
right it will avenge what I have heard
though is if there's people that are
doing like uber taxi services where they
they figure out all the spots to go and
they charge you like 20 bucks an hour
and they drive you around all the places
that you need to go to catch your
Pokemon that's smart that's not because
I think Madeline's off of what people
are going for now but that dude
something he's thinking a hell or is
better don't worry once you know like
you have to buy something in order for
you to be able yeah yeah you can't get
out of oh that's smart too you have to
have phone service you have to have like
a vehicle of some sort and you have to
have like I guess a stable like income
to pay for like the in-game things like
you do you really want to advance like
as far as people have advanced in the
game and you want to be caught up to
speed with like all the high levels then
you have to you don't have a choice
cause you guys battled yep
there's only battling against like a
tire so I guess the computer you can't
battle each other yet like you
technically can but then it's yours
Network so like you put your Pokemon in
a gym right and then it acts as a
computer and so what other people can do
they can come up to it and then battle
it but you don't actually get to control
it if it's inside the gym you only get
to control your Pokemon if you're trying
someone else's - it's kinda like capture
the flag of pretty money I'm a different
team against the computer do you lose
your Pokemon when they beat it they they
convey their faint what is fainting
doing it's like they die holy crab this
is complicated
see all those people you said there was
like 200 people there no everyone just
like literally like this it's still made
people to the point where you can't
really move that much at first I'm fine
yeah just recently I think it was well
yeah I frequented the Santa Monica Pier
from like 10 p.m. to like for a my
Pokemon shit let me know there's not a
new Pokemon each day it's just like in
order to evolve your Pokemon they got a
lot up to the next level you have to
catch a lot of the same because are less
likely to lag and also it's less popular
it's not that high yeah yeah so
strategic anyway tell me your story
listen yeah anyway so Josh me Lauren and
another one of our friends we went to
the Santa Monica Pier last night and
there is a Pokemon that spawned if you
know what Charizard is okay so I have no
idea he's like a big dragon pok√©mon
that is really like powerful and you're
very rare you can hardly find it
anywhere yeah so I shit you not we went
to find this this Charizard I ran
I'll text you if it's there and I'll
call you back later okay all right like
peace ah dude I need to find that
tourism way that adjournment yeah yeah
and then uh we saw this big mob with
people like towards the end of the pier
like you had to squeeze it's like we
have to just like keep on walking until
it actually appears on your screen
yes but one person doesn't mean he'll
appear further in the clear has a ring
around it so like it'll like omit this
ring and I'll show you like how big your
ranges and as long as you're in the
range where that Pokemon is your Pokemon
will pop up if you don't restart range
he'll never pop up on screen
oh my god yeah then they can get candies
I don't know so like if you drive this
her in my area like and then like
twister neighborhood you can collect
candies for like what points or whatever
Pokemon go where it's the same way so
like you have to be in the distance of a
Pokemon in people and in order for you
to catch it there's a moment there's a
big like radius on where you can
actually find Pokemon yeah and so that's
why this big mob a huge mob had their
phones up tried catching it but then
with crazy your phone would just crash
and then you just have to restart it
again again again hoping it actually
work people I dedicated them like no
matter how much the server crashes and
no matter how like shitty like the app
is like overall like personally I
believe that it's a very shit game
it's shit total shit dude like but
because it has the branding of Pokemon
behind it it's so success and it works
it's super success going up and down the
pier like five times
well yeah there's no skill when you
battle it's just this you just do this
and then you maybe you throw it like you
know that app where you throw the paper
ball into the trash can
yeah that's it but then you add a
pokeball and you add like 150 like
little Tamagotchi things and bam world
success by traveling like physically
that events a really cool elevate
because it's almost like you're able to
bring this thing that you used to watch
on TV but now you get to walk through in
a real life yeah
that's pretty cool it's awesome I don't
say it's also good for like a lot of
businesses like in that area like in
heavy populated areas and yeah I think
brings in a lot of income love customers
for them as well yeah definitely
boosting the economy because I think
ever since Pokemon go and not a lot of
people are buying like battery charger
yeah you need that it's funny because I
feel like Pokemon was always trying to
advocate for people to interact always
because like you have your Gameboy right
they invented the link cable so you can
train Pokemon physically from one person
to another person so you have to be
friend with somebody if you want to
catch them all right and then he went on
to like I guess they advanced and you
could train without a cable to the
Nintendo DS and then if you interact
with people you would get rewards like
if you pass by somebody with like your
Nintendo DS you would get rewards right
and now Pokemon goal is like the
ultimate like fucking go outside and
interact with people so that you can
play pokemon and like be active at the
same time and pokemon goal is like do it
the ultimate dream of just like meeting
a community and bonding over a video
that is really fun cool that's old if
that's the ultimate goal
I support Pokemon as tinder really know
well some people are actually is these
focus pops and yeah it is putting young
people at the park just are going to do
it's actually giving me excuse to take
my girlfriend out to the park I'm like
oh dude can we get spoke alone they're
like oh we're gonna walk on a date yeah
you name it whatever you want to name it
it's amazing I think it's
all right gia what are you doing right
now
right now I am kind of so we kind of
worked backwards today we filmed up some
chemical film but all of our videos have
an intro at the beginning so we didn't
film that we went treated to gameplays
so now at the end of it when everyone
else is wrapped crew and myself is gonna
stay behind we're gonna shoot all the
intros so that's kind of like some movie
magic but I don't know how to precisely
word all this stuff without being all
wording going um and but also cool
awesome using all those filler words I'm
trying to find something online that
will summarize everything from beautiful
eyes I've not that so my real question
is one why you please rising and then
two why are you not prepared as usual
that's right but chrishi I'm
appreciating other people's work and I
will shout them out too I've never
prepared and it's your fault for even
thinking that I would be prepared
Michael I just go fucking on a whim all
the time and I just like let the
conversation carry me wherever it's
gonna go alright Michael ash is how I
work all right Geo what did you say what
did you say I don't know I'm just I just
saw you vlogging so I just decided to
cock-block cuz it's my job to cock-block
yeah you do a great job I'm gonna call
Jess and he's gonna fuck it I'm gonna
get it back that way you can't get Joe
back with the battle of wits no you
can't get it cos he's a comedian so he's
gonna he's gonna be fuckin shark but I
could bring Justin and watch watch
even game you know why cuz she spends
like 40 hours speaking of that one
moment fucked me over and we she gets it
she goes haha and I'm like fuck you cut
I'm gonna go see them out verbally
abused five bye
I'm going home again are you getting
back at me for all the shit I talked to
you after you grabbed my ass today
Michael I did not grab your ass jeah why
are you putting words into my mouth
no I why you're putting words into my
mouth why are you putting my ass in your
hand I was right
it was right know he's thinking about it
behind the camera it was right your hand
my ass why did you do that
my hands are right here they're not on
Gio's ass the other one right right
right no no no no no it's not it's not
nope nope
all right Avalon is a great hidden
loyalty game Shoji oh ho are you it is
this why I see that you're cheating once
more that you're reading the
instructions from the manual you don't
have anything memorized but that's a
little correct Michael I am a fucking
disgrace to all the JK members and I
apologize to all the fans that really
believed in me I've been a fraud since
2009 when I first joined and I don't
deserve to be where I'm at today because
we all know that the only reason why I'm
here right now is because of Bart like
Bart is the only reason why I'm here
about it we'll say you know that and
that applies for a Barbara Brigade to
you right now you only own one percent
of the company I'll beat you to it
Michael I know I thought it was zero
actually no 1%
yeah according to David it's 1% well I
guess I have to talk to David to see if
we can load that to zero
well good luck cuz David's always
fucking around not doing shit that's why
I hate is Goods an honour or aligned and
on what starting all over again
again objective the resistance Avalon is
a game of hidden loyalty players are are
their loyal servants of Arthur fighting
for goodness and honor or align with the
evil ways of the
Mordred good wins the game by
successfully completing three quests
evil wins if three quests and in failure
evil can also win by assassinating
Merlin at games end or if a quest cannot
be undertaken okay hmm
damn it Michael character cards
determine the player's loyalty each
player is either good or evil character
cards on the side of good have Arthur's
sigil sigil MiG it's the Joel I know for
a fact and Ryan knows for a fact too
that it says right I'm so happy that you
were a good student Michael and we're
not right I was a horrible student but
yeah we're still missing
okay character cards determine the
player's loyalty each player is either
good or evil character cards on the side
of good have Arthur's sigil look it's
residual vigil shit said I give a
fucking around character cards determine
the player's loyalty each player is
either good or evil character cards on
the side of good have Arthur's a Santa's
a son okay sizzle sizzle vigil said Joel
Jesus character cards determine the
player's loyalty each planet each
player's either good or evil character
cards on the side of good have Arthur's
sigil on blue background and evil have
Mordred's sigil on red background here
after references to a player's good or
evil loyalty are denoted with the
special font who cares we can cut that
shit up
okay gameplay the game consists of
several runs each round has a
team-building phase and a quest phase in
the team building phase the leader
proposes it
to complete a quest all players were
either approved all players were either
approved the proposed team and moved to
the quest phase or reject the proposed
team passing leadership to the next
player and repeating and repeating the
process until a team is approved in the
quest phase those players selected to be
on the team will determine if the quest
is successful oh I think that's it
we need anything else is telling you how
do you win the wizard the Merlin yeah
the most confusing part of the game I
think okay well I'll keep reading this
then each player including the leaders
secretly selects the vote card does that
matter I don't feel like a lot of stuff
matters to be honest quest phase doesn't
matter that doesn't matter
game end oh shit where's the Merlin
mentioned yeah where's the Merlin evil
reveals itself and Merlin looks into the
future but it gives me like it's so
weird should I cut it real quick yeah I
can just kind of figure it out cuz on
because so the Merlin is mentioned in
this like dialogue alright it's been
about five hours and now we're and we're
about to finally finish this so we can
go home geo why did you take so long as
usual because I needed you to write
faster cuz I never do my work that's
right geo never does her work we should
fire her all right ready and then I'd
make more vote for you guys okay I'm
kidding okay in this game one player is
designated as Merlin and this player
knows who the evil minions are their
role is to give clues about who the
minions are so they can guide their
dreams
you can put they they can guide guide
their role is to give clues about who
the minions are so they can guide their
teammates to success
the game ends immediately after either
three successful or three filled quests
the evil player win is three quests fail
the game also ends immediately and the
evil
players win if five teams are rejected
in a single round if three quests are
completed if three quests are completed
successfully
the evil players will have a final
opportunity to win the game by correctly
naming which of the good players is
Merlin without revealing any character
cards the evil player discuss and the
player with the assassin character card
will name one good player as Merlin if
the name player is Merlin then evil
players win if the evil players do not
named Merlin then the good players win
let's play motherfuckers
oh fuck I missed that part okay we good
all right are we done
oh is we finish is we done as we finish
our we didn't do a live what are we
gonna do a live fuck it well kids forget
do it live fucking thing sucks
Brandenburg station
alright well I'm gonna leave because she
looks like she's pretty dangerous right
now
you're selling a product the hell's
going on here
tired Michael just cut it already
you mean you know I'd leave this all the
time finally home oh yeah
so how did your night and after Jacob
party after JK party I had a bunch of
meetings and Oh Marc bell stopped by
actually oh yeah I wanted to ask you
about that so we talked about that
yesterday yes we stopped by with his son
and Marty
yeah and Mark fellas just saying that
his son is kind of shy so you can't
really tell how excited he was being
there and he can't really tell like how
how much I guess he was able to gain
from that place just to see that what
you're able to accomplish via YouTube
and you can kind of tell just the
questions that Mark was asking was kind
of playing devil's a half a kid cuz you
already knew all the answers you know
but here just play oh so like wouldn't
you start YouTube and you're just you
and Joe or just on like a little webcam
right stuff like you know stuff that I
already knows and he just kind of wanna
I guess dig for those answers just so
he's thinking here son can hear and then
we showed him the sets I had the admin
side they really liked it and I didn't
have too much time to spend with them
but since he didn't make that drive out
I was like hey Jill is not here right
now but if you want to have to start a
meeting in the beginning of my
productions meeting is actually up we
call barbell brigade University where I
teach them stuff for an hour you want to
just sit in on the meeting he's like
sure so he sat on well the first hour
and he comes out there for an hour yeah
him and uh son were just kind of like
taking in all the stuff I was kind of
teaching the barbell Brigade guys and it
was it was really cool I'm so nice yeah
that's really cool Papa yeah I just felt
bad that no one was able to hit hang out
there and he's driving all the way from
like Redondo Beach you know
yeah hang out for ten minutes so yeah
and after that he left and so I finished
off the production's meeting then
afterwards we got the gem meeting where
we discussed you know like barbel
religion stuff we have that meeting once
a week to figure out ways to better the
gym and I think we really don't have a
barber gear but really I think keeps us
forward as we don't have a if it's not
broke don't fix it type of mentality and
we have a very like how can we make it
better time around it
yeah and even if we make a mistake and
we take two steps back we still just try
an experiment and then after that then
we film a little snap Jack you winning I
stood the bass let's do the Bears and
then now I'm tired because I came home
and I realized that we actually have to
cut my work out short tomorrow because
we have a writer circle meeting yeah and
it's so cool because usually by this
time and at night I don't have my
contacts in I know I don't see shit so
from because I'm I've been through that
for over 15 years my eyes are constantly
trying to like I can't see anything but
everything that's just so clear so I
can't even pretend like I can't see
anything I can see everything clearly
yeah you have I can tell that there's
two minutes left on this car that's what
I can tell can you see that yeah yeah so
everything is pretty crystal clear yeah
okay I get it all right all right we're
wrapping it up but for me after the JK
party I came home I did a couple you
know cleaning around um I did a little
bit of work and then I went back to the
office and I met up with you we did the
Q&A and now we're here and this is the
most time that you and I have spent
together without any sort of
interruptions and that crazy yeah
and we're probably spend another five
minutes before we both walk the hell out
cuz we got to be up by like 7:00
yep 7:00 not a trained
without meetings I'm meeting the meeting
the meeting the meeting exciting all
right my love Olivia I love you
so we're gonna go to sleep thank you
guys so much for watching I hope you
enjoyed our day hey your you find on my
wave anything I think you're right
am i a beast in bed is that what you see
my beautiful really
Maya piece
