what up guys I had a really good workout
today and for the last couple of weeks
with my meat prep going on deadlifts
have been one of the most challenging
lifts for me and it's really my strength
and I think it's just because as the
weights going up my style of dead
lifting it like just kind of yanking it
it wasn't cutting it and yesterday I
went to a weightlifting seminar and a
lot of people might ask why if you're a
power lifter why are you going on a
weightlifting seminar and I actually
made a post about this on my Instagram
and I was kind of just talking about how
yes I am a power lifter but ultimately
my passion is in the pursuit of strength
so I would like to do whatever I can and
get strong and eventually I want to get
into weightlifting and even strongman
and also as an entrepreneur it's my job
to provide the best service or best
product to my customers and a lot of
people when they start a business or
they become an entrepreneur they forget
that they think that all this is my
business I'm the star of the business
and they think it's all about them know
it's all about your customers so it's in
the business owners best interest to
constantly better themselves self
educate themselves self educate
themselves self educate themselves to
themselves and it's a it's a very
important thing so for me even though I
haven't gotten into weightlifting yet
that's a 20-17 possibly 2018 goal we
have a lot of weight lifters that
barbell Brigade so I wanted to kind of
understand their mindset and understand
weightlifting at a high level which is
why I went to the seminar because the
coach of the seminar is coach MA is a
former Olympian and he competed in the
Olympics in 1984 and now he coaches for
a u.s. college team but he makes
frequent trips back to China helps out
with the China national team and so he
knows a lot and like my mind was blown I
learned so much I may not know how to
this all of that but in theory I know
way more than I ever did and
surprisingly that seminar actually paid
off turn left on to self Bronson Avenue
got it so that's my navigation I'm
actually going to my eye doctor right
now but like I have a threw me off and
whatever it was I thought oh yeah so
surprisingly let me just unplug this
navigation real quick cuz this
motherfucker throwing me off and I don't
even know what the hell I'm saying
anymore
I'm plug there you go all right so um so
surprisingly what was I saying yeah so
surprisingly I didn't think I was gonna
be able to take anything away from the
weightlifting seminar seminar so
surprisingly I didn't think I was gonna
be able to take anything away from the
weightlifting seminar and apply it to
power the feem because it's so different
to the untrained individual or to a
athlete that's not involved in either
one they may think it's very similar but
the approaches the philosophy the way
you lift it's completely different
especially the technique but one thing
that I was able to apply is being able
to understand the movement of each
muscle and which one you have to
activate so now this is getting into
like super geek fitness talk so a lot of
you guys that aren't into fitness you
might be like I don't know what the fuck
you're talking about but you sound like
that personal trainer that's always
trying to sell some shit at LA Fitness
well I'm not trying to sell you anything
but I'm scientifically so if you guys
are also in the medical field
scientifically the way your body moves
like all the all the hinges like your
hips your ankles your knees they're all
moved and pulled by your greater muscles
and because I had a better understanding
of how those muscles get activated and
how they move those joints today on my
deadlift which has been very very
challenging for the past couple of weeks
became very easy if you look at some of
the stuff that I shot this morning the
deadlift like you'll see me take a like
one to three step approach like first I
activate my upper back my upper mid-back
my rhomboids for those that you want to
get scientific and then I activated my
lats and then I moved my knees forward
to activate my glutes and my hamstrings
and I pull as hard as I can and I extend
my legs firing my quads and everything
my body has to offer and that was one of
the smoothest deadlifts I've ever had
and that was 5:20 which is getting
pretty up there like in relation to my
max my max is 585 from before I'm trying
to get to 600 so this is getting close
to if not past a 90% Ranger ready and by
me just going to a weightlifting seminar
for the benefit of others to better
serve my customers I was also better
able to serve myself and so that's
something that's food for thought which
is really cool like a lot of people they
also ask me in business hey did you know
you always wanted to end up here or did
you set a goal and in my opinion it's
that doesn't that's not the way business
works like one of my favorite recent
directors his name is Tycho ytt
and he's had to Sundance winning films
one is boy and the other one is hunt for
the wilder peoples from New Zealand from
a small country with little budget but
he had the great storytelling he smashed
it and now he's directing the third Boer
and he's actually said in an interview
he was like I just wanted to be a
painter I didn't want to be a director
but I thought directing would help and I
got put on a project and boom he's
directing Thor which is huge so that's
kind of like the way thing is it that's
kind of the way things are in business
whereas for me it's like and my heart
felt like it was in the right place to
go to a weightlifting seminar and bam it
came back and helped me write back which
is putting my delyth back
on track which is probably gonna help me
hit my goals this August when I compete
which is just better gonna build the
barbell Brigade brand so ultimately I
think in business number one the first
key is always self educate because it's
not about you you're not the star it's
about your customers and number two do
what's right at the moment if what's
right is if you do what's right at the
moment and it leaves you somewhere else
that's perfectly fine not all goals have
to be so fixated and so cemented because
it's almost like I was telling my uncle
this all the time because he's one of
those guys were like you set a goal and
you never change to me it's like imagine
you typed in the wrong address in your
GPS and you keep going and then halfway
there you realized it's the wrong
address
according to my uncle's theory he's got
to keep going until you reach there and
then come back to me that's a waste of
time if you know the address that you
plugged in is already incorrect stop
right there and then change the address
which is why for me as long as my heart
is in the right place and I feel like
I'm doing something that's good that's
benefiting not just myself I can keep
going and my goals can constantly change
and I am perfectly fine with that I am
here not on my doctor to check up on my
ICL procedure let's see how it goes
okay okay all right so right now just
check your patient okay okay
I'll come you have that uh FBI so this
is a new thing in our office like
alright so um cover your left eye for me
aah aah mg/l
I
eg SVT
perfect great also
yeah eyedrops okay I continue that port
and this yes and then I'll just be rid
of it okay
so awesome so after my ICL surgery I
have 20/20 vision if they test my eyes
individually the day after my surgery
actually they tested my eye individually
and I was able to get three out of five
letters on the 2015 line so the 2015
line is actually better than 20/20
vision and that's what they're
explaining to me is that's not the norm
like if you get LASIK or ICL the goal is
20/20 sometimes you get twenty to
twenty-five depending on individual or
the stigmatism and all that stuff but I
was able to get 2015 which is a rare
occasion but people have gotten it which
is better than normal vision and I'm
super super happy about that I'm not too
sure if this is correct but what the
20/20 and all those things mean is 2020
is supposed to mean the object is clear
at 20 feet the way it is supposed to be
at 20 feet and 2025 which is a little
bit worse than 2020 means that the
object that's 25 feet it's as clear as
something that is 25 B so it's a little
bit blurrier and 2015 means something
that's 20 feet away is that clear as it
is 1500 feet away from you so that means
it's extra clear and when I don't have
when I have my both of my eyes tested at
the same time I have 2015 covering one
at a time I can get three out of five
one at 2050 lens so I'm super happy with
the results in this whole entire week
that I've been covering and it's been
really good like besides the occasional
I forgot I have I see ailment going to
scratch my eye immediately and I'm like
oh shit that hurts like crazy and I
don't feel any pain whatsoever and but
when I do touch it though it's almost
like for 40 girls you guys I've know
this but for a guy like when you get
kicked in the balls under the call and
there's that feeling like my eyeballs
after the surgery feel like sensitive
also every time I accidentally touch it
oh shit even if I blink my eyes really
hard no hurt welcome back thank you
alright so how's everything everything's
been really good this whole week I had
no pain except for the occasional like I
forgot I had surgery so I go and scratch
my eye and then I hold of that kind of
hurt but other that's been good
fantastic yeah all right and your vision
is doing excellent this 2012 eyes you
explain to me what the 20/20 like 20 25
20 15 years right simplistic is speaking
2020 means that someone who's got
perfect vision yeah what that person's
seen at 20 feet yeah you also can see a
2000 okay if you had 2025 vision yeah
then something that person can see it 25
feet you have to move up to 20 or losing
20:27 I see perfectly awesome thank you
just out of curiosity I wanna check to
see maybe might even be been in
employment let's take a look all right
okay hope you left that for me peace
these are not really very tiny letters
or words or anything yeah
can you make up any oh those and the
second left on the bottom Oh second
lines the part I was looking at go to
the bottom box and nobody okay second
line to the bottom I think it's like
something PTEN Wow cpt yeah that's right
yeah four out of five there oh cool yeah
awesome that is awesome
let's go the other side I can taste the
letters okay so I don't cheat my second
line to the bottom f DZ DZ p model so
now you have a better than 20/20 vision
oh yes I'm 2015 vision thank you thank
you know what that means is that
remember we talked about 1.9 right yeah
straight 2015 what someone deserves to
have perfectly to see that 20 actually
what that person needs to go up is 15
feet you can go back to 20 like to see
yes music okay so you can go farther
away from that standard person right
yeah it's still see what see it's
that's better no one can see 2010 I had
like one person or two one or two people
to see that that's amazing
yeah if there's a limitation in terms of
what do I can resolve it same and that's
getting a little yeah so the queue
people you're there like you're a
redness or not ready yeah
you're like you know somebody's jet
fighter pilots yeah
after that they see point K so like
let's say if your eyes can only absorb
so much resolution like let's say right
now our TVs are 4k if it gets like 6k or
a cave is it pretty much your eyes can't
even see and you know that's different
if you will still be able to appreciate
the high resolution of the screen okay
yeah but what visual acuity the first
two is the object size then all right
but just and just have the pins in
perspective your vision I can only meet
the top there well show you this it was
about ten point five one five and this
is 11 so it's all fake close to this
should probably left I'm only please
oh yeah and this was your visit upon
surgery oh wow yeah can you make that
any of those no no yeah so typically at
your level we talked about vision that's
not you know that we can't really
measure on the screen because it's
beyond that and so we talk about
measuring from seven if you count
fingers so you have what's called a
count in their vision yeah that's all
history
yeah all right I didn't know pilots had
2010 or they're not in there it gives
them an added advantage yeah
it's almost I feel they had sitting
inside your eyes looks great
so it's not taking enough ever sleeping
with those plastic eye protectors on to
add just go get the same I don't
this ass
you
right
and how about the drop so you dump the
drops as well you stood in the father
stood during it often three times a day
I'll go see what if it gets dry
heeey
looks perfect Barney awesome it's as
good as it comes
I really can't improve on that so with
the many keys knocking Oh we'll continue
to follow you make sure you do well okay
next time I'll see you would be in about
a month or so okay okay all right any
other questions no that's it okay so
that's freaking awesome they're here my
eyes are a little bit yellow right now
just because he put the numbing drops in
cuz he has to check the pressure of my
eye cuz I got the ICL procedure so he
put a little slit in and then he put a
contact lens in there pretty good
permanent contact lens and he also had
to drain like little hole so he has to
make sure that the fluid inside is
moving well and there's not a buildup so
he has to use like this glass microscope
that actually touches my eye to check
the pressure and everything that's going
really good so this is like an amazing
experience for me because that's coming
from someone with negative 10.5 vision
which is already beyond the charts he
said it's finger counting vision too now
someone that can see better than the
average human
I have 2015 that's so fucking amazing
like how much science has progressed and
the whole process was very seamless the
only procedure that kind of hurt a
little bit was the Yaak procedure in the
beginning but it's because of that
procedure that now everything else is so
smooth so it's worth a little bit of
pain but now everything is great and I
love dr. Lee's work because within a
week my eyes are not sensitive to the
light did they they don't feel scratchy
they don't feel dry I just feel like my
eyes are the way they are like when I
was born with them before I got
bad from like playing video games or
watching TV too close so no time to get
back to the office and get some work
done alright so now we're about to enter
into a meeting a creative meeting to see
if Alan vibes with us and the main
reason we're looking to see if we could
bring them on is because david has been
hella lazy so we just need someone to
stay on top of them make sure he's
getting his stuff done right cuz I don't
know what's going on but the slack that
david has been causing we gotta hurry
here
why so lazy penny m'lady are you excited
you know what this is all about
no me and Alan actually worked together
before so he was helping us develop some
barbell brigade duffel bags back in the
day but we ended up not going in that
direction for now just cuz we didn't
have the funding so they were they were
hella dope but at that time we had the
order like six million pieces and we
just didn't have the money to do that so
we're the aw fuck like those duffel bags
with dope but we kind of had to put it
on pause but now go for broke has a
little more funding and we want to
expand on more stuff meanwhile David is
out here relaxing
now you know geo has nothing to do with
barbell it's doing that's David's doing
you don't even have a laptop everyone
has a laptop yeah sure are the battery's
gonna die Kate you don't have you can't
defend yourself what are you guys doing
over here congregating like a bunch of
scoundrels really yeah somebody like who
broke a wall that's five years of kung
fu right there I didn't hit the wall for
no reason okay it's because the
neighbors know the neighbors were
freaking hitting the walls disturbing
our game they start up banging on it
when they could have came over and asked
us nicely to turn it down but they did
it they started banging on our heart so
I'm in the middle of game play of course
I'm gonna get mad
yeah I don't go to their job and fucking
slam their mugs on the ground and
fucking start slitting throats why are
they coming over to our place banging on
the wall and shit exactly what the
taxpayers I don't think your honor on
that one you lost me oh yeah how do you
feel being on your first JK party being
a star a fucking star a star but I feel
freaking awesome that I was able to like
play games and see what you guys are
able to do and produce you know every
Tuesday you know producing all this
pretty content and like it was nine
hours but even feel like nine hours is
like shit that was nine hours damn I
feel alright I want to go work out that
I went home - it was a long ass fucking
day it is a long day like yeah longer
you know yeah but it was like oh by me
again
good I'll say yes Oh what if your sign
beside something your litter like yes to
the box
were you laughing at Daniel why are you
laughing Daniel came back because he
realized that he made the worst mistake
of trying to go to medical school and do
all these dumb things
oh what is that oh you brought burn
materials for our next campfire perfect
that's awesome you could have been in
this big ass cartoon canvas look at the
detail Joe is raging David has a gang a
camera gear julia has blue hair because
she's a freakin pokemon Josh
Brandon is naked cuz he's naked Blandon
there's a ton of ton of details deserved
you trying to be a stupid doctor
see you look on that one there's me I'm
always wearing a wife-beater and then I
have food stains all that without food
stains and I have a pacifier because I'm
like a man-child of some sort and it's
Michael with a hooker or inflatable doll
that's pretty dope right sorry you're
gonna miss life you could have been on
there but now you want to go out there
to save lives and do weird stuff you
want to be on there
one day well what are you doing back
what are you really doing back recycling
what are you doing here dad are you
meeting with someone no oh cool yeah you
should have someone give you a fishel
tour I'll give you a tour I'll give you
I'll give you a tour you want a tour
I'll give you a tour okay okay I'll do
it again do it again
you think that's funny Isaac embracing
me do you like the feeling of a beard on
you
you're receiving the p53 that looks good
for me love because there's a little
puppy here so we don't want him to get
eaten
who rocky yeah I loved rocky yeah stupid
eyes dad give them away yeah I love
rocky
I barely saw you today I know I think I
spoke we spoke like 10 words to each
other I know I woke up really early
oh it's dog hair
and I woke up out of bed this morning I
think I woke up at 7 or 7 10 and you
weren't even there anymore where'd you
go oh because I wanted to take the
weekend off I shifted my schedule around
and I have to wake up early to take care
of what I was supposed to care of during
the weekend oh yeah tell me about your
dad and see you all day um so I have my
hands in a lot of different departments
JK and why do you put your hands there
what and all those departments Oh cuz
it's part of creatives and I really
enjoy creatives yeah so since I enjoy it
I tend to be a little bit better at it
than all the other departments so I stay
there so this morning
I did a lot of prep work for JK party
just a lot of organization and looking
over like games and challenges and stuff
that we could make and produce it it's
really fucking amazing content for
everyone that supports just king party
yeah and then I had to look over at
three different scripts because I'm
producing them for just kidding films so
I wanted to make sure that you know I
had a really good understanding of the
story and just the elements that I
needed to bring everything together and
then after that I had a meeting with the
just kidding party crew and then we
talked about everything that we're going
to shoot tomorrow and then after that
meeting I had another meeting with just
getting films cuz they are like justing
films people yeah um cuz then we're
gonna shoot some more hanging with JK's
which is really really cool if you guys
don't know
is checkout just kidding films cuz it's
just us friends I'm just talking about
topics that we would talk about if we
were really just hanging out no we talk
about life love relationships regardless
if they're romantic or with coworkers or
friends or or just random strangers we
talk about everything um so we went over
some topics and it's our honest design
into because we don't even know what the
questions are beforehand yeah so you
guys do the planning the planning people
do but the rest of us we don't really
know and even then like even though we
come up with the topics and the
questions um we leave it so vague and so
open to interpretation that sometimes
the rest of the crew or the cast you
guys will take it in a different
direction that we didn't even think it
would go oh just didn't even think we
didn't want to overthink it so it's not
so plan and it comes out really really
organic yeah um and then after that I
met with Jessica or Jessica because I'm
because she comes from a financial
background so you don't know anything
about anything that we do yeah so
everyone's kind of training her in their
respective department so then she wants
to learn how to produce so then UNAM I
met with her and that we produced and I
was like you know going step by step
with you know casting and location
scouting and wardrobe and makeup and you
know shot listing just everything you
need to know about putting this skit go
making it come to life yeah and then
after that's this is so when my day
started sir like around 7:00 I was
already at the office by 7:00 and then
me meeting with Jessica now that's
around like three or four so that whole
time I was in office and pop it was so
cutie during the minute one of my
meetings he walks and he gives me
he gives me lunch fuck the movie gives
me nutrients does it make you feel good
when I bring in lunch yeah makes me feel
so special
pop bursting curved me and I'm like ah
Thank You papa
cuz I always forget to eat cuz I'm so
busy um food is just not on my mind
food is always on my mind no matter how
busy I am no like I just want to keep
going so I could just wrap up my day not
because I want to wrap up my day but
just because like I just want to get
through everything on my list
yeah so that I can just start I'm not a
big fan of meetings like I rather just
do stuff so then yeah around 4:00 still
meeting with Jessica and then um I did
some work I did like barbell stuff
answered a couple emails um just kind of
bonded with people that were at the
office did you meet with any of the
barbell staff today no no like Maria
nirn no ever beings on Wednesdays
I see um and then I saw you for a little
bit but then I think when I didn't have
meeting you were jumping in a meeting so
every time we were free I think the
other one was in a meeting so I would
walk by your office and I would see you
next is like them but um besides that
I'm gonna get to talk to you and then I
think you were almost done with your
meeting but it was already like 8:00 and
I needed to go train yeah so I just left
I think you went to go eat or something
and then it's like 11:00 now and I just
got something get a really really really
really really really really really
really
really really really long day yeah
Mondays and ones those are crazy for me
especially Wednesdays I'm glad it's
coming to an end now yeah finally get
some sleep and wake up tomorrow and have
another really long day Rose not too
long it's just a lot of filming it's
cool to have a crew because before I
would do everything by myself now
there's a crew um so it's it's really
balanced it's nice you know our homey uh
Marc Bella's coming down to the office
tomorrow oh yeah this is the new office
oh cool what time uh at 6:30 oh wait
he's been there before yeah the main
thing is so he's down here on business
and he brought his family oh you always
want to show them place and his son is
you know like doing YouTube and stuff oh
so he thought it'd be cool to kind of
show his son what's capable through
YouTube and he was like hey like I'll
just borrow you and I was like honestly
tomorrow I'm I'm slammed on Wednesday I
could probably just finish my workout an
hour early and I'll get you in but I
think they're going to Disneyland on
Wednesday so he was like can I just come
in for 15 minutes I'm like all right
well we shoot JK party but between JK
party and my next meeting I have an hour
oh I'll get there 30 minutes before and
I'll show you I'll show your son around
because I think it would be inspiring to
see like what you are capable of
accomplishing if you just put your mind
to it beautiful that's crazy it's so
hard being your friend why doesn't his
son just watches film your party I think
Marc wants to show him what's capable ah
you know because like us filming JK
party is his son filming whatever his
stuff I don't think he needs to show his
son the process I think he wants to show
his son the result oh I see yeah he
doesn't need to be like hey go watch
this guy write an essay right now yeah
yeah they want to show him okay after he
wrote the essay this is what happened
well I think for me as a kid you know um
what is he in high school maybe junior
high well me as as the age of his son I
think I would like to see both because
then um growing up I always thought
adults did adult things and kids do kid
things so the stuff that you and I do
right now
old geo or geo from the past would think
that the stuff that I'm doing right now
is kids things and I know I wouldn't I
wouldn't understand or know how to wrap
my mind around the fact that I could
make a living off of it so if I saw
adults doing quote-unquote kid things
and making a living from it it would
completely blow my mind but I think you
can see that most game shows that we see
our adults doing kid things well not
really because growing up it's a TV so
that's already removed for myself I
don't even know how a TV runs once in a
while I'll see that behind the scene
stuff where they have really big cameras
and really big crews so it's a lot of
things that I see that aren't attainable
you know I think for YouTube though
there's a ton of content that's like
ours and like his but the thing he
doesn't have access to is seeing the
result of that mmm I see because like I
mean every channel does challenges who
doesn't do challenges but who does
challenges and has a studio and a set
space I see no cuz I would have to see I
would want to see that oh shit what I'm
doing is right like um like it's all
it's it's when you start off it's not
gonna be as polished as other people's
you know like oh shit that's all he's
filming it cool I did that I don't know
that a professional and someone at my
beginner stage like oh whoa we're doing
the same thing well I'm inspired to
continue because I'm actually doing the
right thing and I see it you know with
that in mind I'm not too sure if showing
them out of film is the right thing
because we shoot legit at JK party we
all cut we sync cameras like there's a
lot of stuff that we take for granted
that's someone that never went to film
school they ever
one that that camera ops on JK party
went to film school so that already
might be adults doing adult stuff you
know maybe but just Tim seeing it might
even open up his eyes to like oh wow do
that or whatever that's possible I think
well I guess I'm just speaking for
myself so I know for myself at a younger
age I would be so interested to see that
oh shit that I can do that like that's
me like I'm close to this yeah you know
what I'm seeing for now close to it like
it's not it's not too far from a reality
you know like my reality and then to go
to the studio and see like oh wow people
are actually like this is a business
like there's there's sets now and
there's like offices and like you can
still be creative and you can create
this really dope world like I'd be like
all of this fuckin dope that's kind of
how dad felt when it came today Oh dan
Fisher of its friend yeah he came down
they checked up our place this is first
time and he was just like wow you guys
really grow this is crazy
and I showed him to I showed him around
the office I told him I was like one big
empty warehouse and I told him like
where the bathroom is is what the
kitchen used to be and I'm like we built
everything from scratch and then he was
like wow and then I was like that's only
half of it and then I showed him a set
side then he was like wow wow wow he's
like well dude he's like dude I'm so
happy I'm proud of you guys
and he's a traditional film guy -
awesome
you look great time I really don't right
it's time for sleep Monday I got to go
shower for say like so I went at night
and now and and the only thing I was
looking forward to was yes the sun's
gone it's not gonna be so hot in there I
go in there it's packed and it's hot as
fuck so the sun's already
set there's no sunlight you do know it's
Southern California I do because I know
it's Southern California and it's a
desert deserts at night get fucking pull
no they don't
it's Southern California I know but it's
desert you try to sleep and as you're
gonna freeze your nuts off at night I
was in the Marines and you didn't freeze
your nuts off when I was cold
I just called stop being a bitch this is
Southern California as cold as it gets
it's like 40 degrees it doesn't get
negative 32 yeah but your body is
acclimated to Southern California and it
gets really fucking hot so your body is
battling these two extremes I don't know
any other place that does that in the
same day but it doesn't matter like wait
we get as hot as Hawaii gets but their
temperatures don't drop past like 70 but
we get fucking 40 like our bodies are
going high well guess what maybe we
should what we should have acclimated
then so I told my body stop being a
little bitch it's Southern California no
you're just a fucking Neanderthal with a
lot of fat on his body and your body
just doesn't know how to regulate itself
so yeah your Neanderthal hot I know I'm
hot I'm really hot that's everyone so
you're ugly but temperature-wise you're
hot hey that's that's what also makes my
dick feel good that's a that's what
makes my that's what makes my dick Yoga
for you from the inside out cuz I
freaking brainer vagina in half that
doesn't even make sense yes it does I
have a hot stick and I stick it in you
and they're freaking melts your vagina
lips that doesn't even make sense that
doesn't even make sense yes it does
no it doesn't I can't feel your
temperature yeah you can no I can't if
my dick if I stuck it in the freezer and
then I stuck it in fraternity but what
the hell is this ice dick let's try it
no you see I don't want to break the
freezer coz my dicks bucket hot no it's
not forgot it smelly maybe like like hot
breath stinky breath stinky
hot dick you're delirious now I went to
my camera you're saying dumb shit I
don't want your dick it's gross smells
like cheese shut up
