what up y'all I have some exciting news
to share today with some of my best
friends so if you notice I am NOT in my
usual Toyota Tacoma nor am I in my usual
Porsche and that's because yesterday I
traded my Tacoma for this beast and
before I tell you what this beast is I
want to share it with you as long as I
share with David and Joe because I just
realized even though I'm a grown-ass man
and I can buy all the things that I like
I have this inner child in me just like
you know when you're a kid and you get
this new comic book or this new snack
you want to share with all your friends
that's how I was as soon as I got the
truck yesterday I texted Joe and Dave
and I was like I have something to show
you guys tomorrow
and they don't know anything and the
reason why I had to get rid of the
tacoma is because i love that truck it's
the third tacoma that i own but i have
two businesses JK and barber brigade
with JK all my friends are normal size
with barbell brigade those guys are
monsters i have buddies that are coming
from out of state and they're 64 to 66
feet 300 pounds they're massive they
have gear they have luggage and even
when I'm hauling stuff around for a
bottle brigade gym I just don't have
enough cargo space so I knew that I
needed a trade in my Tacoma for a
full-size truck and even when I bought
the Tacoma the Ford Raptor the 2017 Ford
Raptor was on my mind no this isn't the
Raptor but um that is something that was
super high on my consideration list and
before I buy anything I really really
like to sleep on stuff do a lot of
research and just let it marinate in
both my conscious and
subconscious just so I know I'm making
the best decision and the Ford Raptor I
love that it's unique I love that it's
sporty and I love the novelty about it
but those are also the same things that
I'm scared that I'm going to get sick of
it because it looks so cool that it's
kind of like you know when you buy that
flashy new seeing that flashy new
t-shirt or shoes you're my honest as
hell it's sick and then you wear it for
a little bit and you kind of get sick of
it and now you want to wear your go-to
stuff that's a little bit more plain
that's what I was worried about I didn't
want a car that was so flashy that I was
going to get sick of it because I needed
it to be my daily driver my daily
business vehicle and so I was looking
for something a little bit more subtle
and still just as badass and as I was
doing research for the last three months
I settled upon this not settled like I
fell in love with this truck even more
so than the Raptor and I'd never thought
that would be possible so now that I
fell in love with this truck I can't
wait to share this with Joe and David
who I know are working right now so I'm
gonna share this truck with you and then
at the same time do you guys know what
I'm gonna show you guys if you carve it
you know you got a new car no what did
you get I'm curious
nothing now I'm really curious hope you
got that yeah what oh hell yeah it's the
new motorcycle yeah no no no no they get
go ahead this way because remember I was
texting you
well I took the job as I hey I think I'm
gonna get a new truck yeah it was a
50 more uh Chevy so product yeah what
you got a truck yeah how do you know is
that one because it's a license plates I
got it on Saturday what you were getting
up I trade it in which one
but the call my I traded it already why
is it a full cab
yeah it's double cab dogs either to get
inside the Chevy dealership yeah I was
considering either this or the Raptor
and then I slept on it for a while and I
really like this one better just cuz
it's uh it's not as sporty and crazy
unique-looking but it's still subtle and
still looks badass hmm is it cuz you
stat I mean uh Tahoe and you went back
with Chevy no it's just I thought the
Raptor was way too flashy like this is
like it still has swag but it's a more
subtle you gotta check your body because
you just go to chef Alain do ya go
outside oh it's spacious too
I put the keys in that oh it's oh and
this bitch is comfortable doing there's
a if you pull down the back if you hit
that button there's like you can watch
movies with the kids
there's a black button right there
oh yeah you can just sit in the backseat
and watch it yeah if you're Park you can
probably watch here too yeah
writers up is a blu-ray player
hi what the fuck there's a straight up
you can put your laptop here yeah
there's a there's a socket there's two
USBs he's crazy and fuck my Tesla dude
oh you can say that it returns the what
else on the truck now it's pretty
awesome
on this truck has Wi-Fi what how so the
truck I don't know how but it's a Wi-Fi
spot so like if I go camping or
something any Wi-Fi then you just pay
for like extra monthly yeah
it's supposed to be like a mobile
workstation go on the other side how did
you get like
oh is this where you put cell phones and
shit I need this this is if you have an
Android yeah go charge it wirelessly but
it doesn't work when I walk how is that
habit into your eyes really any other
charge wirelessly I just at the bottom
of it and they could charge it Wireless
oh oh how does that happen I have no
idea dude I love this I love how there's
so many of like compartment there and
then a lot of connections to electricity
yeah oh you got scene warmers
I have seat warmers and a seat fan what
what is this I got this one deck well
yeah so like the I wasn't gonna get it
so soon I was just gonna go test drive
it but then um I mention it navigation
oh but I 7 foot then jump cut Academy
and then I started researching and then
the one that I really wanted which is
like a fully loaded one with like a
moonroof and all that stuff it's really
hard to find there's only like two of
them in California on it this was one
then I was like fuck I might as well get
it or else it's gonna huh yeah I do
think it's like a luxury utility vehicle
yeah are you so it came raised with
those tires and shit yeah this whole
thing a stock not like how much was it
this was 56 and then we gotta 451 what
the fuck how they had like a bunch of
rebates and stuff do you want is best oh
yeah it's pretty good you turned in your
Tacoma right yeah how much is you gonna
put then I all like five grand on Tacoma
okay you know like I bought it brand new
oh yeah and they're so like so it
depreciates the most in the first year
but all that fucking like I was really
unhappy with it like with everything I
was doing some I'm just turning it I
don't want to like cuz every time I
drove it it felt like it was a rental
like you know how like it was mine like
when I'm just driving I'm like I'm gonna
get rid of it one day so I was like
upgrade from this the Tacoma is not too
different
I think is crazy this is so nice you
make me want to get a truck now ha you
did text me about tundra sell out the
other day I'm like well that's a
different story than I knew I want a
truck if I give farmland oh shit that's
a whole different story
but now you really got to go camping
yeah now we really got to do it I got my
Range Rover
no it's dude you don't need them you got
two cars go capping the rear the rear
thing I've even oh let's call the rear
window it's uh does it open
how'd it fuck you do this oh you could
pick your pup yes yeah hi are you gonna
get a camper on top of this then yeah
I'm gonna get a little camper for the
dogs
dude the dogs here too it even comes
with like headphones and stuff to plug
into the RCA jack back here so the kids
could watch stuff without bothering the
adults oh my god this is so tired oh my
god they just live in this part this way
that's tight congratulations thank you
first I got to share it with my two
closest friends yeah dude this shit
makes me feel terrible makes me feel
like I got a new car huh every time some
hard when you guys get a new car I feel
like I have a five more cars yeah it's
tight I thank you that's
my dad's Dodge it's so fuckin
comfortable yeah all monk you trying to
fuck tonight look at the shit a'ight
Oh Joe doesn't like back there to watch
if I hit this button then the light
turns on back there like a look at cargo
fuckin decreases tundra sucks
I have two more additions to my office
and I want to share with you guys and
the one of them is uh it's kind of funny
because I would never in a million years
have thought that I would add this to
the office but it was based off of
problem/solution based thinking and as
you guys know I was bulking for a while
on purpose trying to get size and
strength and I'm pretty happy where I'm
at so now I'm trying to get lean but the
problem is to get lean you need to be at
a caloric deficit meaning you gotta
either eat less do more cardio or
whatever and I love eating so I rather
do more work in terms of exercise but my
schedule is so busy that I only have
four times to train so it's hard to fit
cardio or any other calorie burning
exercises in throughout the day so I had
an idea well although I would like to
run every morning that's not realistic
because I enjoy waking up a little bit
later just I can get more sleep and I
can be a hundred percent I bring my
a-game to all the channels and
everything we got going on but later on
in the day I do have some extra time in
between meetings sometimes to do some
cardio but I don't want to run around
here because it is a pretty ghetto
around these parts of town just growing
downtown LA so it's a package stir how
dangerous half homeless and half dope so
I was like what if I bring the gym to me
so what I added and this office is a
treadmill I looked online and I looked
for the best bang for the buck treadmill
on Amazon and this was highly rated I
think this thing was like five or six
hundred bucks and I'm like you know what
I could do I could run or walk like
thirty minutes three times a week while
watching something on my TV or I could
even get my laptop and then put it on
this thing so I could put headphones in
so I don't disturb anybody and I can get
my cardio sessions in and
I'd get it done in the comfort of my own
office without disturbing anybody
because once this thing starts running
the belt it is kind of noisy goes bomb
so I found this online and I'm like you
know what before I don't think I would
have ever gotten anything like this I'm
have any Jimmi Klim at home but I think
as I'm getting busier I got to think
more and more creative to still
accomplish all my goals like I want to
put push goals off you know I still want
to accomplish all my goals and the same
amount of time it's just not more bold
and one of the things I really inspired
me or person that inspires me is the
rock like he has his one Instagram post
where he was in a private jet
eating chicken while getting a haircut
so that's how busy he is where while he
needs to fly somewhere he's getting his
protein in while getting his groove on
so if you still look sharp when he gets
off the plane I'm like man that is
multitasking at its finest I can't
afford a private jet but I can't afford
a treadmill so I'm like you know what
this is what I'm gonna do
to still do what I best to get lean and
I guess because I am more financially
comfortable I am able to make decisions
or purchases like this the second thing
that I have added into the office you
can't really tell because I'm purposely
avoiding showing you guys is well
actually I gotta show you guys with the
lights off is I got a neon sign put in
for specifically for when we do the Q&A
and the vlogs of the bail so a balanced
law channel in the beginning what just
turned into in the beginning what
started as just a channel where we can
share our experiences it's become
something more than that and it's really
a great way for us to connect with you
on a very very personal level because on
JK films JK party even JK news it's more
entertainment based like what can we do
that's entertaining for the fans but we
can't really
right there and on this channel we're
able to connect with you guys in a much
more personal way so we wanted to get
something so to make it look way cooler
and bam this is our neon sign this is
Bart and Jill the bales family and we're
going to start doing our Q&A Zoar a
little snapchat actions over here so
this is kind of like the whole theme of
the room like where I kind of design
everything to be like a 50s theme with
the tanker desk those old-school yellow
chairs the blue couch and now the neon
sign so this is the latest addition to
the room and I'm pretty much complete in
here just maybe except for a few little
things like a white coat hangers to put
my clothes on and also like a tree on a
plant it's like little things are in
there but all the major components of my
room are complete so I'm really really
happy about the end with the treadmill
like is dope that we even have a shower
so I can run on the treadmill for like
20-30 minutes
shower up in like five minutes and
really get back to work so it's just
really really convenient so but I just
think so like 20 million times I think I
did so I'm gonna shut up now
David oh nah your office is coming
together quite nicely I think I'm just
done now dude he does it for like a few
decorative things here yeah I probably
won't you be either because I'm lazy
because you know I don't know what else
to fill up but I got three wall shelves
here just in case I want to add a little
extra shit it's a mirror this is a I
don't know what this is called but
that's a marble tray is this for
breakfast
well it's too heavy to pick up like but
it's for you to put like your keys and
whatever you want to throw over them
holy shit yeah it's having a spot that
shit's hella heavy so like when you come
in your key sunglasses wherever you just
toss it in there so
like a little nut-free yeah and this is
like the equipment stuff because I
originally was going to get a safe which
is obviously more sturdier than this but
I might as well just have something
locked up just want to put in my foot
and I said what's the difference between
these two is something goes in here that
does it go in there no I just didn't
want to huge ones oh okay glad I want to
take up too much space so this one
they're both for equipment yeah I lock
in my my stuff in there and a few other
things and I'm having a rollaway desk
over here all that's the other thing I
needed my let me put more we laptop this
yeah for people want to come in and work
they can just work at you oh that's
tight and then we had a dis take plant
because I'm not going to be I'm gonna be
lazy if I have real pens that guy
and then that's that's like a little
baby succulent for real get the water or
it just will naturally stays alive in
like two weeks you just Wow yeah other
than that I'm pretty much good to go and
I thought Yuri Yuri can you guys know
who she's the dancer a dancer she
installed a clothing rack here oh snap
so whenever we shoot stuff I did just
have that sure shit right in here - are
you gonna keep my underwear here so if
you need to take a shower or whatever do
I have to take your shower once everyday
it's comfortable yeah because like you
know let me you're at home and your
sonic go yeah like a fucking I'm gonna
come your shower later yeah
sure is shiny here I used one of the
lockers but yeah I put more clothes here
on both of you actually the shower here
is more comfortable than one at all yes
you blast great party the heats good now
that I was thinking about it I was like
do it instead of having a big-ass tile
shower we should have just put a bathtub
so it could take baths and stuff - you
look crazy
place to comfortable or make it put a
Jacuzzi in there yeah you're sorry
because I was here like I'm always here
later that you know we good yeah and I
was like surely I was like dude I think
I actually might spend on my own house
for else it's comfortable it's a little
too comfortable cuz I got a/c going on
up here I made this place really homey
and yeah because it's very homey feels
like it's actually in my house or
something even your girlfriend's here I
know I don't know what she's doing she's
working on some animation stuff oh cool
oh you're here working hard on the new
it man 3 huh it's for aesthetic purposes
dude what are you studying
Oh however can be adult but it really
feels like really cozy in here yeah I
think I wanted the more cozy feel just
because I know that I have I must spend
a lot of time here you know yeah so
because if it was like me just come here
to do some people with your stuff in
that then I probably would have kept it
a little more industrial a little more
probably like a lot more like wider lies
you see myself more away but at end up I
think would be showing here a lot too so
as you guys with the TV yep
like studying films I think it's also
good to like even if we're just chillin
here just cuz there's like a synergistic
effect you see someone else working and
you guys can bounce ideas off each other
yeah it's just a cool environment yeah
it's been really good I think working
out of my house was hard because we were
supposed to open this up a while ago
yeah and I let go that other office
space that I had yeah like seven times I
work at home yeah it's hard
do you like separating work from rimmel
Holly I do it's too it's too difficult
to work at home for me because like
there's too many other distractions like
specifically just my bed
good luck me on the bed I see you on
like putting on Netflix and relaxing
computer this TV is here like yeah I'll
watch TV here and there but it's not
majority of time yeah I still feels like
a workplace exactly so I'm digging it a
lot of shit that's awesome your room
turned out really really nice yeah and I
came up a lot your budget to like
thousand dollars under budget than when
I was expecting Oh tight cuz I want yeah
I'm not trying to get my hell expensive
shooters a lot of stuff is from Ikea and
living spaces your desk is dope - I like
that raw wood like finish it's really
cool
this is like my I just told her the
specific things that were important to
me yeah a sorted test so she spent most
of the budget on her desk
yeah and then I got this TV fly phoner
80 bucks so that's a nice TV I'll try to
keep everything under budget I like what
you did with the half brick and half
white - what's good cuz she said fuck
this life fucker but I think she saw
like help dark it was in the room and
because I wanted them lighter by yeah
she just decided to keep it kind of
rustic with the brink but I keep it
white just like your office - so we kind
of just did what happened
yeah that's awesome and I wasn't going
to put up a basketball hoop here - I
like a little one or real when they go
real gone like a real for reals what if
you air ball like usually didn't go
through the glass air ball Sun all day
Kyrie Boop that stuff that's me I always
air ball - yeah man elevate house no -
everything with my look true I just kind
of bounce my expectation of my luck out
it turns out what if you had a small one
with a little small little best books I
mean that real quick you don't even know
dude that's pretty much snappier fucking
ankles by buck and move it around with
sandals especially how just like that
balling
that's what I'm trying to do and then I
did this or appie did it for me
that's time my solution
especially with this amazing idea
am i a beast in bed what oh love that is
not what you see my making hello the
beautiful heaven the beautiful heaven
yeah ex-ac really I make you see Jesus
in heaven on that yeah draw is like
I don't know could you set up a piece
I'm like a Maya piece let's go litter
deck crew
