popper what's going on so I've been
swimming a lot and maybe you have this
ear wax or something but I think because
I've been swimming a lot and moved my
earwax amounts I don't know anything
here on both sides so right now this is
a technique I've used before where you
squirt this in your ear and it kind of
washes it then it pours out and the ton
of crazy shit comes out one time I got a
yo ass it came out as big as a big
cockroach oh oh my god I don't think I
can watch this that's like girls are way
better taking care of people can I just
do it this guy's just final event of the
fuck they fight I think it's just you
know
what's supposed to happen anything come
on yeah no don't you use a special
solution so it breaks it up is it just
water is fine I usually like this is the
water is it squirting in your ear hole
does it feel weird yeah oh my god that
is disgusting look at that I'm gonna
throw up you're so fucking gross the
human body my never does that
oh that's because you don't venture out
into the deepest parts of the ocean
because I fucking maintain it how do you
maintain it what do you squirt in here I
don't have to support it I just clean my
ear holes that doesn't do anything
guess what I've never had your issue
once in my life that's because you don't
swim into the deepest dark wasn't it
just with you yesterday that's what it
was
how many times did you swim out into the
deepest darkest every single time I go
up that's fucking gross I think I'm
gonna just fucking vomit I can't watch
this anymore I can't watch this anymore
this is disgusting okay I can never have
sex with this man again
what should I make sex before then oh
that is gross I'm done I'm gonna not eat
now I was so hungry and my stomach is
just so upset three here now
what do you hear what sounds bull oh
yeah telling me like I hear your stomach
is probably no it's on both the ears
yeah I can't watch this part I can't
watch this I gotta go but the curiosity
here am i no can you just can I just for
my tripod please I want to eat bait it's
gonna make me throw up
okay fine disco
oh why is it fucking black I told you
this is even that bad last time I had a
big cockroach come on it's not a real
cockroach but like that is this guy Kent
oh my god that is disgusting I need to
be out with people right now that is
good morning how do you want to tell you
guys what I just witnessed for its ears
warriors Bart's ears were clogged he
couldn't hear anything so he supported
it out it was like something like
whatever you're taking out of there dry
to both sides yeah yeah the little the
little squirt thing you guys are
familiar with this I've never had it in
my life what do you get yes you do yeah
well he has the dry wax here now can you
hear everything oh yeah yeah wet wax oh
cool so do I never experience right
most Asian people have tried yeah yeah
yeah yeah interesting
why can't even look at the papayas de
Namur except like that's what came out
of your ear what you know what it takes
to get that you get stuff like that so
that means I'm adventurer
that's disgusting I need it thank you
darker than you she's island why go to
the D cos this is how much pollutions in
LA
Girl Talk though well then he hooked out
what the ocean month no it's just pure
logic you know I was able to I was
hungry now having a hard time holding
anything down at all I do
just take the black shit out again
please oh my favorite ho I am the first
papaya with lemon is the shit
I normally hear
but in Hawaii only play like why what's
going on with milk Oh coffee
thank you poop espresso conversations
people are having trouble sniffing
narrow nose coffee the natural laxatives
that's why I said it
you look like oh it's a fire
all right what did you order
and I got extra condensed milk because I
like it creamy and I got guava and
lilikoi and then underneath I have
vanilla ice cream and also mochi
condensed milk goes with everything
oh I think I messed up no no I didn't
want food
so yeah for me I got guava and like Chi
with some ice cream at the bottom and
some Oh Chi and so excited
it's gummy all right I mean it's alright
here we go first one in Hawaii
Oh what did you get your white she and
mango with fucked up I said that
conditioner with the two passion
maverick Sarah Illinois late G topic oh
oh look at theirs beat Roy what did you
get on the menu yeah - crap yesterday
and now he's having a bowl full of beans
that's like the most
hey Jen what the hell are you family to
be with dad it's my drink
so keep the Asian is no big everything
is help
I'm scratching my back on this wall
Hey
because you are like you said
Gina just stared at me for like five
minutes
squinting trying to fear she was you
look found them Mexican right now dark
it's because I'm dark she looks much to
get to look at her
race your heritage
it's the punch I decided to wear this
thing cuz I can just get even out of the
pool real quick okay she's calling me on
its Island I was going for the island
okay so I'm back home and as you guys
can see I am wearing a mask and I can
barely talk because I hydrating my skin
or so this mask claims to be doing that
um I felt it was necessary since I've
been out in the Sun for like four days
straight for hours and hours and hours
and I feel like my skin is just going
what the fucks I'm trying to make sure
that I drink a lot of water and that I I
dream I see I think I need one yes you
are jacked uh I am I'm not jack they
look how beautiful my baby skin is it
looks pretty good on camera it looks
good in real life doesn't it
yeah well had an awesome dinner with
some awesome friends you have your
dinner I had a great dinner we had shabu
shabu which is one of my favorite foods
ever are you boy yeah I took my contacts
out and I got to meet up with Charlie
and his wife Mischa which is awesome so
Charlie's uh he's the owner of caffeine
and kilos and he's from Sacramento and
he's in town celebrating his wedding
anniversary and also his buddies getting
married too so when we found out we're
gonna be in Hawaii at the same time well
we got a meet-up and then so not only
did we meet up we also set up a date to
train together which is gonna be a two
days we're both gonna head to a
powerlifting gym around here and then
we're gonna deadlift together so I was
pretty awesome noise and Charlie and me
for actually expecting a Bevis she's
three months pregnant right now they
call him a little person
baby a little person yeah they don't
know the sex of the baby just yet but
yeah the whole conversation was just
about then and the wife and how her
body's changing and all
things that are happening in terms of
you know creating this life in her
stomach and things that are going to
change things that are changing and
things that will change and it was so
interesting just to hear their
perspective and her perspectives but she
just sounds like a really down-to-earth
straightforward no bull she didn't no
frills type of person and if she's super
sweet and all but she was just telling
me like it is like she's like it feels
like this and your body changes like
this and this starts looking like that
when it looked like this and she's like
I don't need to freak you out
I just wish people would tell me the
things that I'm telling you now and I'm
like so grateful but then it also puts
in my face the fact that we're getting
older and we want to have kids but then
it's like I want to keep building this
life you know and it's kind of selfish
in a way cuz I'm just like I want to
build this life and not be
inconvenienced by anything which is
again selfish and then on the other end
of the spectrum I'm just like but I want
to create a baby Kwan you know I want to
create and you I kind of camera tika the
knee you're gonna react like I want to
create this life I want to leave you
know what I created on this planet one
when I go away and I feel like this
society has just changed so much and I'm
just so dissatisfied with you know how
people react and people act and treat
each other that I'm like hey let me just
leave my mark on this earth and let that
be in the form of this positive little
human that I get to shape and mold and
this is all under the assumption that I
don't fail as a parent and I don't
create this piece-of-shit little bastard
um but I mean that's just kind of where
my head is you know like I'm selfish and
then I'm not but then seeing how happy
this couple was tonight I'm just like it
was really cute and I can't believe I'm
having such a deep conversation with you
guys where my mouth can slightly it
can't even open more than like an inch
wide and I look like this thank you for
listening to me by the way I have a name
for our first kid what is it
you have to say yes it's gonna be a
building no it's gonna be really unique
no one names your kitten it's gotta be
50/50 let me hear tarantula okay so
you're actually look one you're not in
charge of picking the names but what you
can do you can pick their day-to-day
outfits yeah that's important I'm gonna
put a tarantula outfit then that's fine
by me day one it's gonna be the kind of
score he's gonna have eight furry legs
I'm down hey you don't know which ones
are his real arms and legs that's CUNY
I'm down you can pick it you're already
killing it and he's gonna go to college
like that calm down you're really
killing it you're doing a great job I
can adjust the tarantula wool I just I
told you what you do he is what are you
gonna nail this the costume designer
Warren freaking like like Federico or
something Fernando number one that'll be
his name
well what if we named him Lebowski
father yeah
I think I already told you that you can
this is a hard task that I'm giving you
I hope you know picking their wardrobe
is not easy that's hard fine I'm gonna
name them
no you're you're you're on the wrong
side of your of your toes does that name
um that's not your dog description
anymore Algie how about you need more
dogs that's cool meat load up you killed
it I'm good at names yeah you are good
great so I said named my kid no all
right well thank you guys so much for
spending another day with me I really
appreciate you guys and I hope you guys
had fun time until tomorrow baby good
night the thing you're amazing I think
you're right am i a beast in bed
is that what you see the beautiful
heaven the beautiful heaven yeah really
I think you see Jesus in heaven all
right
I don't know cause you said I'm a beast
I'm like am i Ibiza
