hey guys welcome to another snapchat Q&A
brought to you by the Bears mouse miss
wales and this episode is brought to you
by Warby Parker they sponsored this
video and we got five dope glasses in
here that we will unbox together at the
end now onto the quest G Oney alright
here we go
what do you want let's go uh teeny bindi
woo oh okay
what black penis for gigolos when we
have a guest the announcer has that
black screen
welcome to jakey news I don't know if
you've been on there before but yeah the
announcer looks like screen and what
that blast screens is so the way we film
Jake and uses nobody in that room knows
what that article that is being
presented what it's about
so the only person that has any insert
information is either TIFF or Julia they
announced that way we can give our
honest opinion yeah and our immediate
first impressions yes so you guys get
genuine reactions from all of us um but
because the announcer has a guest or one
of us sitting next to her she doesn't
want that person to have an upper hand
on anyone else inside that room so
that's why they have that protective
screen so that the person next year
can't see shit either so when she's
presenting it we're all surprised at the
exact same time yeah it's just like a
little privacy screen exactly screen
thing alright next one next one let's go
with Catalina kattiline huh I don't know
what you're talking about I don't know
what's going on okay next one okay I'm
picking the next one cuz it just moves
oh shit oh god damn it
the worst quietly bad well when we fight
we don't have like really major fights
it's it's mainly about personality
differences I feel like but it wasn't
anything like you called my mom a bitch
you fucking whore or you lied about this
being like I don't think we've ever had
a major fight like that
I do remember though when we lived in
the garage yeah I didn't one of the
biggest biggest fights we ever had I got
really really pissed and then I threw a
chair out the window out the window and
it was just in a state of rage and when
the chair hit the glass the glass
shatter and then some of it landed on
you and I remember immediately my my
feelings rope Oh would you oh fuck what
did I do you know what I love the most
you know it's crazy like it wasn't a
major fight cause right now if we sit
here and we try to rack our brains over
what it was we were fighting it was
something something so stupid cuz I
can't remember like I remember that
happening I just don't remember what we
were fighting about which tells me that
the fight was fucking stupid I just
remember I was her fault but I don't
remember well why would dick know it was
I'm pretty sure it's both of our faults
because it takes two people to fight all
right it also takes two people to make a
baby and it also takes two people I'm
gonna fucking punch you next one next
one notice of what people that jump on
quick let's go to b-boy Church a b-boy -
che
whoa so he wants to know if I'm gonna
post an entire video of me working out
and I don't know if I should because I
have shot some videos where like some of
the dialogue I'm talking about in the
vlogs it's a little bit more Fitness
based and immediately it goes all the
comments are like this is on the wrong
channel but it's not even completely
fitness space is just like a lesson that
I learned in the agenda it's like can
apply to real life yeah so if that's
already gonna be like I'm like maybe
they don't want to hear about this and
if they want just a fitness fitness
stuff to go on the bar but with your
channel yeah so maybe maybe this person
I've been aware of barbell Brigade
channel so if there's anything Fitness
that you guys want to check out head
over to barbell Brigade Channel yeah all
right next one
okay so I want to do Queeny I can't read
it from a single Queeny said hi Queeny
said hi hi a lot of people have been
asking for us to feels and I personally
really enjoyed that channel because it
forced us to open up about you know our
relationship our sexual lives and we got
to hear a lot of people ask questions
about love sex on relationships and they
got to share a lot of those experiences
with us - and it was like super
informative it was very um I don't it
felt very freeing for me when I got to
hear other people ask questions in my
all what people wonder that or what I
don't know about this or shit this is
happening
it was really cool for me I thought the
channel was awesome because it was able
to kind of talk about a lot of topics
that are more taboo in Iran the
if you don't want to talk about
especially internationally unnoticed yes
but unfortunately at that point we did
create the channel we have my three
other major channels are working on just
getting films just getting news and also
just getting party and at that time we
also have a new priority that we really
wanted to work on which is the feature
film that we yes are working on and also
growing JK films as a business and
because of that we kind of just have to
balance what's more important like
actually knocking out the feature film
and expanding the business and have me
and Joe going to take our separate
departments and kind of push in those
directions or do we want to kind of tie
up everyone's time to shoot ask the
fields because it is a deal on tips time
Julie like everyone's time to sit there
and do another show just taking too much
time so we kind of balanced our
priorities so maybe in the future but
not anywhere in the near future until
the movie gets done absolutely thanks
for the question yep
not you I'll just be how about Jasper
Jasper had a good feeling about Jasper
that's a good I all didn't I felt it
Jasper thank you
what would you want to do in your body
in my body I think I would want to rage
out I think I would probably ran out of
room that I could destroy and I think I
would want to feel your strength really
yeah I don't know what it feels like
what actually want to Lance drink and
then Bart straight what don't you want
to put weights on Anna gym to feel like
the actual strength instead of just
raging yeah but I guess I was assuming
if I'm taking over your body I want to
feel like that blood rushing through my
veins and like just like you know the
craziness that kind of goes in your head
and just high your body feels before
you're about to do a bunch of shit I
don't know if I would necessarily want
to work out on it also I would probably
jack off I think I want to know what
that feels like it was like yeah I think
if I was probably have sex with myself
like yes of it if I was in your body I
think I would do what all girls do which
is take advantage of guys give free cars
free houses free
the father got stuck with you you don't
have none of that ya know game girls
they just gotta they just get a sheriff
cut it like this and then they can get
free airplanes free rise to Dubai they
can do all kinds of free shit all day
long so you want to be someone's
property is what you're saying
did I say that yes you know I'm getting
free shit I'm getting property in my
name just because I showed areola
no that's not what's gonna happen but
that's what you want to do for one day
you're gonna get an airplane hey do I
know what kind of dark world that guys
live in we live in this world where
we're always all the guys are very girls
we go to the club you wanna dance with
me can I have it I'm gonna come on with
me and girls are the ones that are
choosing but I'll go with you I'll go
with you wherever a girl goes there's
like a string of freakin like 20 guys
following her what's one of the first
things you do I would immediately just
go to police officers now you do bitch
and then just short Illya to be okay
with it no no you wake up what's the
first thing you do if I'm a nobody
yes wash my hair that smells like shit
you're so creamy hey get the hell away
from me alright alright next one you
stupid jerk
hurry up Latinos I do I'm going on with
him in house let's go uh Renzo fo real
did you just dab that's what he did he's
just like oh what's your drink oh shit I
got a shit ton of drinks I have like I
have my Asian tea drink so this is place
called tea brick that's close to our JK
office the old office and they have this
drink called Christina and they make
that more you even tell them let me tell
you what kind of taste but she has she
hates anything real if it's some fake
fucking shit that doesn't exist that
it's man-made that's what she likes go
ahead tell him all the drinks you like
damn you just I wouldn't want to share
anything anymore should I show that on
my pretty much when I Christine which is
a fake drink that doesn't exist it's
like tea
within like fruits and stuff and she
probably likes other like things how was
that big ship fruit is pretty fucking
real the tea that they use is pretty
fucking real what your face is horrible
I hate you tea and Brits don't mix
together tea and fruits they're not
naturally they don't go like this
someone named a man had to make that
happen
and but but nothing Everett you're
taking it a negative way
I'm just saying thank you yeah yes
there's no reason for you to call me out
on that if it was a good thing you never
call me out on good shit you're never
like you know what I always call you on
a good shit before we start fucking
fight just go tell him what the hell you
like I like root beer floats that's
delicious
such a loser and you see I don't like
that Celeste okay no more shit you could
eat say you're dating Bailey I like the
same JD why you have to call me out when
you're fuckin fat I just like the ruffle
in your feathers but I know you get
spread word hate you God can we finish
this video already I want to be next to
you this is already bothering Millie
look I just talk all this shit all right
I'm gonna go with Jared 1:41 you better
say oh oh thank you rocking the fire
brigade
um what are a couple things that we'd
like to do to stay motivated when things
are getting a little bit boring what do
you like to do I like to switch it up so
when I noticed I'm becoming a little bit
unmotivated or bored like you said um
I'll go with like if I I mainly train in
the morning
but if I want to switch it up I'll go at
nighttime because I know that there's a
different complete different energy at
night there's a different group of
people
um or I'll just try to train with
different group of people because I
normally I came by myself but if I feel
like man is getting boring mundane then
I'll call up like you know some of the
girls it's a Chan I'm liking I'm just
gonna train with you guys
or I'll just completely neglect that day
of that workout I'm like fuck it I'm
just gonna go I mean this is a fucking
day for me I'm going to try some new
shit
there's actually a bunch of ways you can
do to spice it up so one of the things
that I like to do because for me I don't
have the day-to-day
problem that most people have I have
more of a longer term problem so for me
I change my goals so the next six months
or a year might be strength or the next
six months or year might be more
athleticism or next six months to a year
might be getting shredded and some
people it might be day today where they
just want to change their workout
completely and you can go with the new
gym partner like Gio says or you can go
to a new gym or you could just do a
completely different workout if you're
usually do a bodybuilding workout if
you're a bodybuilder go play basketball
you just switch it up I think ultimately
at the end of the day all of us are just
trying to live an active lifestyle to be
more healthy so as long as you're
staying active and you're doing
something productive and you're pushing
yourself that's all that really matters
true ok next one Oh looks good to you
what about Chanti with two hearts so I
know we've added this question so I
would sum again but I'm a fucking huge
fan of that filter cuz it alters your
voice and that little at the end got me
um we love Australia we've been to
Brisbane Perth
awesome ml Melvin and we don't have any
plans in the near future to go out there
but if anyone watching this video would
like to sponsor us and take us out there
and host a hostess out there then we're
definitely open for that but in terms of
anytime soon
there's nothing in the works mm-hmm
beautiful I love when you have nothing
to say alright last one before we go
into a rapid fire how about the giraffe
Diego where's that at my 3rd this one
how cute hey guys
oh he's all many questions okay I'll let
you settle nothing one oh go for it
start on the second no I said well I'm
gonna let I'm gonna let him go off on
that one okay umm sports-wise yes I
really really enjoy MMA I actually did
and made for a year and then another
year like three years later and it's
something that I would love to keep
doing but the problem is there's many
times I've gotten injured and when you
get injured in MMA not only are you out
from MMA it also out from the gym so if
I had to choose one or the other I got
to stay on the gains train hey you
didn't play anything else you wrestled
too like a nice I wrestled a little bit
in high school and so that's why I like
MMA I did my tie and I did like MMA
itself actually and I try to follow the
sport as much as I can and it's just one
of my favorite sports yeah so unlike you
I don't like putting me down as much as
like putting me down um bart's actually
a really talented all-around like
athletic person and I think like
anything that gets into her anything he
gets into he's actually really fucking
good so he plays basketball but he only
does it like recreationally um but even
then he's like super fast he's got
really good handles his shooting game
can work he's like a little bit more
work but like anything he does he's
really good at he's a really good
swimmer um I remember when he used to
flirt with me before we got together we
had a little handball contest and I was
like i'ma beat your ass at this cuz I'm
super competitive as you guys know that
watch naked party um and he totally
massacred me he even got it's a little
bit of volleyball because I love
volleyball so I played volleyball for a
few years I actually played in college
too um that's like one of my my loves is
volleyball I've also played like I and
this is just recreationally I like
playing like softball baseball how come
you don't play more mobile I just don't
have time but on Sundays won't you go
out of five others - because my
schedules so jam-packed Monday through
Friday
I just want to veg out at home and I'm
like happy
like take the dogs out or something
thanks for that yeah that's my sport
right now rich veg jerk well I just gave
him a compliment
nope did you see you that I take it that
way I just told you I'm also eventually
your avenged Lee and we veg together and
then you're just taking the negative way
I never say I never talk shit you just
taking the night away you hear that
yep oh yeah I heard you talking shit no
son for every fire I need you all right
ready go pick a diffusion diffusion
words out here yep because we hate each
other and we love each other and we're
real about it all these things that
fucking hate his guts and I know how
this happened but I suggest when he
asked me I never asked you to marry me
I never asked you yes for the record I
never asked you we don't you're not
rings so that's why we're not cute
fucking hate this guy next question
I'm so sorry ah who your name was it
doesn't matter you love that vote
they're talking to me give me the video
is from Enzo Enzo peaches what do you
mean you can't
okay you're done oh my god you're done
you're done yep sending more alright so
for me because I really really love Geo
I don't see her as another race I don't
see her as someone that's calling her
shorter than me is this Jill and I love
geo for who she is so if she has a ton
of fur on her back I don't care if later
I find out like 20 years later I find
out that she's actually a man well fuck
it I still love her I love Geo the
person because of that I'm kind of blind
to all the physical characteristics I
get where you're coming from though
because in the early early beginning you
don't really know them and there's like
obviously that physical attraction and
then usually you get to know them but
within that physical attraction like oh
fuck I'm not used to it and you do have
a lot of self-confidence so that's one
of the things you need to work on is you
need to work on your self-confidence and
you need to have it um but again like
when you find someone that's worth your
time it's like who cares about anything
else like who cares what other people
are gonna perceive about it because I
think that's what you're probably
thinking about like oh man like Jun be a
lot taller than me you know I'm not
gonna like feel manly or whatever like
how am I gonna kiss her cuz you're like
look you know better but it's really not
that big of a deal unless it's like
you're 4 9 and the girls like 6 feet
then you might have a slight problem but
I still don't see why that should stop
you if you really really really really
really like a person uh coconut spy
where's that like that boom
children I don't care I want a boy first
as I want the boy to take care of the
girl
okay that's a bones head okay hey she's
definitely going I love you too
what do I do it away um I just left to
be in a bikini on the beach forever even
poki
I love snorkeling next booyah all right
this is from Jenny Bay eight seven eight
hello not anytime soon but maybe in the
later future nice face max mask same
thing he said this is from Rory don't
you make a very racist May about 28 doc
another breeder wine
Oh poodle because they're so fucking
curly and they look like little horses
I want a st. Bernard cause they're
freaking huge a white and black and
brown and furry
I'm at a jewel song I know but I love
bit dumb diversify right Sebastian mom
sure yeah
sir yeah vision to you when we're angry
when we're angry I think honestly I
think both of us have really good sense
of humor because sometimes we'll be so
fucking pissed at each other but one of
us let's do something that's so fun we
just both end up laughing and then we
just have sex right after no we don't
he's lying he definitely has a better
sense of humor between the two no sex
uh Miranda favela
I actually had a cat growing up it still
is with my mama and I would consider it
I love mixing mixing different species I
would consider it to but I'm allergic so
I can but one other one I would be a
raccoon I like oh I'm down I can't sleep
in California
No okay what about Tilly underscore we
seven seven will do it yeah oh my
favorite thing at McDonald's has to be
the french fries cut fries
I liked my first it became alright
Mexican ten to two one one where did we
need the actual the first time we ever
met yeah somewhere in East LA probably
yes we went to the same Community
College and roughly the same area yes
but I wasn't at the Community College
the same time you were I was already at
a university um but I was working at a
bookstore he saw me fucking hearts were
in his eyes I was like no bro
um you know you married me
alright go uh Fat Boy 72 Dion back we
see the young Bart queasy in my favorite
sport growing up was handball fucking
love handball and when all the kids grew
up and played basketball still playing
handball and I wish it was Olympic sport
but it's not no one cares about handball
the things for kids but it's for real
people I know you said young Bart queasy
bomb would jump in on this but little
Gio queasy um like that multi when I
have a trophy even though it's fourth
place I don't care plays what the hell
that's a consolation prize it is it's
like a you sucked uh uh beat Bobby Lam
123 Oh
my current favorite filter on snapchat
is that parent just because it alters
your voice teaches some fucking cute one
of my favorite photos on snapchat is the
guy that deleted his eyes it'll break
like AG alright this is from queeg oh I
thought well how do you get bitches
that's so broad I had a balance like all
three we'll assume it's balanced off
well what is this a job education what
do you think and music yeah okay so I
think what you got to do is this is how
I balance my life you figure out first
of all what are the priorities one two
three then if you what are the
priorities are you lay that in and then
when you have free time you laid over to
me have free time laid over three that's
how I do my shit yeah definitely
probably prioritize but make sure to
live a balanced balanced life don't
overwork yourself too much without like
not taking pauses you definitely deserve
a break so maybe even if that's an hour
if that means going butt-naked and
streaking up and down your neighborhood
for fun to relieve stress I say do that
balance balance okay from Steve lie Oh
what's your max bench um right now since
I've had the boobs you're just Matt's in
her whole life I think it was 125 was my
max my max bench is 385 the last time
that I tried it I'm trying to go for 400
hopefully in next couple of months I'm
catching up not really I'm only 15
pounds away dan and I smoke to be 85 -
okay barb up again check it out yeah
he's fucking does funky all right from
Lenny right
I don't remember what the first first
one was about I think what do you see JK
in the future
oh where do I see Jake in the future I
see JK in the future
boom ah yeah on the moon in on a TV show
I see JK in the TV show and also add
movie yep how many more do you want
different man okay
fast fast faster flash tran20 Jill
doesn't cook very often but when she
does it's actually really good
yep I am with for you and you always say
I talk to you about don't see all right
congratulations oh fuck you
thanks beautiful that I freaking
compliment her and she chose me chef go
alright from Ken can't Joe likes team
yes it did it fucking hate his guts even
more but no not really
I'm not injured in yellow denial we love
each other a lot and we already consider
ourselves married so okay this one's
from Lois Luisito
Luisito 62 number
whoa-oh
how much money would I spend for B
laughs Leo fish
don't send mrs. like that anymore I felt
like you were masturbating in the dark
that she was creepy for B last one
probably like two dollars where the last
one ever created
I mean I love the filet-o-fish when I
want it but compared to all the other
things in the world it's like I got so
many other choices that it's like it's
like you don't know you gotta look at
the last little fish you ain't a true
fan I'm your fan what do you what do
mean what do you mean gonna be okay next
one is from fanboy be cray oh shit
ah just rewind this video click TV its
feature film hopefully please there you
go booyah thank you Jesus
Raymond Tran no next one ha ha bummer
what's up we went I didn't I'm sorry
buddy what do you think do you have any
advice on staying calm during
high-pressure exams I think when you're
better prepared you're just naturally me
exactly and also I just try to think a
funny shit like what would it look like
if my butthole blew a bubble
yeah yeah yeah I think when you're when
you're definitely prepared you're a lot
more confident when you walk in there
but I feel like yeah profession he's
gonna fuck you up so just just stay on
top of stay on top of the schedule that
I don't know let me give you a syllabus
in high school yeah what the fuck is in
place I give you 5x is it boring last
slide is from Joe underscore Kim good
morning so much
okay I know I'm not fluent in Korean I
did take a few Korean courses um and I
worked in a predominately Korean area so
that it can practice whatever it was
that I was learning so huhgak much
holcomb um which means like I can't
speak it like very little uh I can read
it I can write it but in terms of what
I'm reading and writing at this point
because I haven't applied in so many
years
yeah I don't really know anymore I speak
Macri come on daughter Madonna buy a
bottle good man custom elements gay gay
man na yeah there you go
okay so thank you we are done with that
portion of it so now it's time moment
the moment that we've all been waiting
for
yeah you guys know me which I know you
guys know me is anytime I get a package
I cannot wait I could open it so I go
the war be privy packer
I'm in a bar room package open it okay
so these are the five frames that I
picked for us to try on because what's
really dope about them right now is that
they have a low bridge fitment which is
also known as the Asian fitment but when
I was reading up on why they call it low
bridge opposed to Asians in me they
don't want too bad motherfuckers yeah
because I felt like dude not all Asians
have you know the low bridge yes it is
more common in in Asians but a lot of
people have a low bridge I guess
objectively speaking low bridge makes
sense because regardless of your race
you have a low bridge did anything but
Asian fitment doesn't offend me it just
makes it easier because I'm like oh
that's that Asian it doesn't offend me
but whenever I've seen Asian fitment and
I just feel like oh the kid and that's
not for me so I won't even try it oh
yeah so what I like about the service
was that um because I'm so busy I can't
walk into a store on time too and I
don't have time to that's what I'm
really tried to say I don't have time to
walk into a store so I go to Warby
Parker calm and then I pick my gender so
I went to the girls section first and
then I just
I just pizza bro glasses no these these
are for guys and I picks them for girls
too uh and I got to put the frames that
I liked and what's cool is I had five
frames that I could pick up that I could
pick and before committing to anything
why don't you just pick five unisexual
glasses they don't have been a sexual
glasses it was you're so weird
mom so then I picked the five that I
like um I picked what okay I picked
three for you two for me okay and um and
what I was saying was really cool is
that I get to try them on at home
commitment-free I did you like about
that too is when you're on glasses at
home you're in the comfort of your home
home you can try all the clothes I'm
gonna take your time yeah you know when
you try on glasses at the optometrist
there's a lighting as we're tears oh
what's that lady that thinks you're
gonna run off and steal it no I never
had that look oh so everything I'm
trying on glasses in the corner there's
always that lady that's always like I am
I am I finished
oh really I'm just trying to try this
shit out and then if I have like four
pairs out now she's really watching and
it sure won't bring any more out okay
and I'm kind of upset that I didn't hear
about Warby Parker before I got the
glasses that you guys always see me
wearing because they have some really
really fashionable dude super stylish
glasses that look super quality and I'm
kind of sad that I didn't go with them
first so this is just why we even agreed
to do the sponsorship deal anyways
because all I do this is dope like this
is stuff we would actually know if we
like it we think you guys will like it
yeah absolutely okay so these are one of
the ones that I really like and they
kind of resemble the ones that you the
previous one that gives us human were
the ones with wood oh yeah they're like
those but I honestly wanted transparent
glasses but I couldn't find them
anywhere in any no look that on you I
didn't even know that Warby Parker
existed so whoopies pather you mean
Parker so this is the first pair so
there's no prescription on these it's
just the frames against that I can try
on with the prescription it was only 95
bucks yeah so it starts at 95 looks good
new yeah does it oh hey I'm
not to stick with one of these so here
you try on another pair this is the low
bring I want to find the one how do you
know it's low bridge assisity I think I
picked all of them low bridge oh yeah so
then it's not going to fall one of them
up it's low bridge ah yeah - yeah that
means you got to know
and what's really double walk warmer
Park and I didn't know this yes go cuz
I'm super mad about the Clark Kent okay
you're about this big all these are cool
is it like a marble yeah oh I like them
I'm missing well they look really good
big they look really oh my god I should
never say anything um so that's a number
two here's another pair that I got and
honestly like I said that these aren't
unisex cuz it's broken up girl - the
actual yeah they're not sexual but dude
I can't tell which one that it's a guy
or which ones girl this one makes you
look like the sexy librarian oh that
really let's get blowjobs what the
hell's wrong with you here you try these
no time points in the home
I don't watch this important you want
you know about real life okay another
thing that I really liked about where we
partner right now oh this is the low
bridge I feel it I can feel it you're
all my bridge
no I don't these ones it doesn't arrest
as well no they're all mobile oh yeah
I'll meet my nose not that nothing all
of these are lovers
daddy look great they look really great
I lost my train of thought
oh yeah what I was saying was what's
really dug about Warby Parker tees every
pair that you buy from them they donate
another pair to a person in need so
that's that's a beautiful thing why do
you keep looking at me like that
why don't I'm trying to look the song do
you like the way I look in these glasses
they look cute I think I like those
better on myself here try these on
all these are two Tonkinese yeah and
they're flat like a met maybe these are
probably sick yeah so again really dope
just go to Warby Parker comm slash Bart
and geo so that you can get so that you
can guess are my tongue by the way so
that you guys can get your free try to
home program the same way that we did
what's your type I think those are
really nice you look very classy and
sophistic
so it matches my personality no you're
classless
let's jerk um so then after this phase
after we select the one that we like we
submit it back to Warby Parker we sent
our prescription along with the pair of
glasses that we like obviously we're
gonna send all the hunk and then they
send back the pair with the prescription
line and you're ready to go again
starting at $95 you can't go wrong but
look at how cute these glasses or I
really can't get over it and I'm
honestly honestly kind of regretful that
I didn't spend the money that I did
don't you regret that you didn't make
your eyes ago worse or you wear these
for the rest of life kind of oh very
cool yeah I don't know whether I'll meet
up well guys I hope that you guys can
find the kind of favor those the matter
you guys are up
Warby Parker I am getting home how does
this look does look really good too you
have like that Kent that Clark Kent look
though because your face is so squared
handsome squared that's a squared anyway
so yeah go to worry Parker comm slash
Bart NGO to get your free try at home
program to day thank you
