good morning everyone Morty Aloha Aloha
so we just woke up and it's 7 a.m. in
the morning and that's a good thing cuz
I guess I'm a little bit jet-lagged and
I did nothing but sleep yesterday yeah
so it's 10m back home all troops on this
day back home you never sleep st you
never sleep in past 9:00 that's true
both of us don't yeah so I guess we
naturally woke up the whole house is
still asleep still so we can't give you
guys the house tour yet because I don't
want to wake people up but we're in the
backyard of our house and there's a
canal here duck duck look at that's the
backyard okay back up
so dessert there's a canal here and it
leads to the ocean I'm not too sure if
it's that way or on this way but um but
on the Airbnb it says we can take a
canoe and that we can canoe yeah it
could be right there oh shit yeah we
could take the canoe all the way out
into the ocean from here and it's just
beautiful like you're all that stuff
that I was saying about how I'm not
ready for vacation already oh wise one
of those places where like because like
you know else but then as soon as I came
in the backyard just to see if anyone
was awake it and I see like the
beautiful mountains the palm trees it's
just like wow that you feel like your
paradise and well you are in paradise
true you are in paradise
and doesn't matter like what mood you're
in anymore like look at the mountains
real quick that just looks like a set
like it doesn't look real like it forces
you to just shut your mouth turn off
your brain and just stare at it at all
yeah it really does
that's true so that you were saying like
you could be in a house and you're
thinking of all these different
strategies all these different things
you have to do but then as soon as you
step out here you know just to stretch
you're like and you don't want to go
back inside
yeah you just come out here to stretch
and it just takes your breath away and
then then you're like oh man
so beautiful on the plane ride they have
like these fun facts and one of the fun
facts that it told us was um the people
of Hawaii live longer than any other
state in America I wonder why and they
attributed to one like the beautiful
environment and a really friendly
culture so it's very low stress and also
the abundance of fresh fish so I just
kind of makes me want to live here
because it's like yeah who doesn't want
to live a long life a happy long one
because there's one visit difference
between living a long life and you're
having the shittiest experience yeah or
living a long life and being happy and
stress-free and my loving where you were
where you are yeah I want the ladder so
um now I'm gonna do is it's still really
early helping anyone they don't wake up
until like nine or ten so i'ma go to the
gym knock out a real quick workout and
then come back and join
I bother my mother
what do you act here eating the yummy
breakfast time I forgot me what do you
what is it a traditional Hawaiian
breakfast loco moco except body builder
style with four egg whites okay why did
you get a body builder started trying to
cut or something well I'm still trying
to remain relatively healthy but still
getting a taste of the Island flavors
island wide you did your major what did
you do today while we were all eating
breakfast I went to go train I first
went to a CrossFit gym I don't know one
so if any of you guys go to Prospect
I'll go I'm not calling you or anything
but I am but yeah you are
half a drop in sea where someone could
just work out in the corner they told me
that I can drop in but I have to join a
class and I do the same workouts that's
CrossFit does but in just my own way coz
I'm a power lifter so I don't need to do
like a circuit I just need to do my
exercises separately and there was no
one there but I guess I couldn't work
out there's got to go to a 24 hour I'm
just down which is kind of nice it's
kind of like a nice change of pace
just cuz one Hawaii kind of humid and
24-hour has AC and I forgot what that
felt like and I felt pretty good but the
things that kind of suck is a 24 hour
doesn't have chalk and because it is
humid all the bars get slippery real
quick I'm out on work gloves so my hands
are stepping all over the place and also
there's no foam rollers so my body is
still really tight from the plane but my
hips are tight my uh my groin is tight
and I couldn't roll out I just stretched
a little bit
and I just had to do the workout oh I
thought because it's so hot you don't
really have to stretch out too much when
my body's tight to like the muscles are
still tight sitting on the planet like
laying around yeah and I kind of
adjusted my workout a little bit cuz um
you know usually when I'm training at
barbegal I always have a guy that can
give me a lift off yeah to do ten sets
of three of veg today then I want to be
bothering people I don't know all day
yeah and you don't even know if you can
trust them my office might be different
yeah and then so I just adjusted my work
I had a top set of by 315 and after I
just uh moved down to a weight that I
know I can lift off myself
yeah I just blasted through that and I
just hit the same muscles but I kind of
took advantage of all the machines that
were at a commercial gym that aren't
available barbell just try to get a
different stimulus oh cool
I'll a pretty awesome but what was
really close afterwards I took a lift to
meet up meet back up with you guys yeah
and this guy is a white guy the old
white guy is at 57 years old
yeah and he used to be a pro surfer in
the 80s were out here yes so he is his
from Culver City
cally yes from where we're from yeah but
this guy had like the most me know
pigeon accent I was like what the hell
ik what is rip his accent is crazy to
some more friends here oh like every
other word was brought out every other
he's like 57 every other word was like
other kind or whatever and he told me
was he did a surf competition out here
but the place we just stayed here so
he's been here for over 30 years now oh
that makes sense
and then he knew all the shortcuts so he
would like take me through all these
shortcuts and you're like it was a tour
guide to like you told me about that
this is the party city like this little
neighborhood right here you see if it
were tarps if you want a party on 4th of
July
New Year's come here you could just walk
into anyone's front yard and don't hand
you a beer I'll tell you we'll kick you
with you and then he told me like we
passed by like this other neighborhood
and he's at the owner of Famous Amos
yeah that's in there oh and every
Halloween he gives out Famous Amos
cookies
oh he dresses up as a cookie back Oh
cute yes that's pretty cool and you know
cool yeah just give me like this really
cool towards name is Vincent
shoutout to Vincent from lift is a
really cool guy nice what did you do
uh we just wipe act up all your stuff
and then everyone just kind of was
already waking up getting ready and then
Joe figured out where we wanted to eat
and Joe has the pellet of like a he's
like a food a foodie roxas how it's
super refined he's always picking like
he's really dope spots for us it's
delicious I know I wouldn't eat Gilda
but I would have I wouldn't pick
something like this um see I was really
good spot uh we went there there was a
like maybe of five to seven minute wait
now we sat down and then we ordered and
we just waited and then that's when you
met with us we did absolutely nothing
last time yeah yeah so I mean it's cool
if we're out here for yeah exactly we're
out here for to just chill you know what
I really liked about the guy that
so that is a white guy with the big
vision yeah
yeah you told me it's been in jail oh
shit damn how long was your ride we just
had a long conversation okay so we've
been in jail they did I came out here he
says it's not even the climate not that
bottom in its the people never been to a
place where there's just unconditional
trust now you can just stay at someone's
house like you can because you show me I
always leave that guy right there he's
just hitchhiking hitchhiking is going on
Hawaii yeah anyone will pick you up I
need to be like home bro can I borrow
your car for a day and don't I just take
it and then be like the electric crash
at their house like this
oh I hope that never changes it was
telling me like even if you're dead out
here the debt collectors will call you
even though black they tell me what's
going on whatever if you like your
psychology I don't like I don't want to
like I don't want to pursue any action
towards you but you know like I can only
give you maybe two more weeks and if you
don't go then whatever whatever and he's
like they're very accommodating and they
know about everyone's personal issues
versus like other this is funny because
he says he's a white guy with the pigeon
accident he was also making fun of white
people he's I got on the mainland
they're like hey you better pay up or
else we're gonna take away your house
and it's fine if you're a white guy with
the pigeon I think you're gonna like
that like that's why he's like I love
this place but that's fucking cool that
is fucking cool
damn sounds like you made a new friend
that is an CEO saying Maine matters are
starting to move here too but they're
gonna fuck shit up they don't have the
lost Paris all the area where we're at
it's a lot of white folk and they're
already complaining about a bunch of
likes to the city policy and shit
like they're complaining about the
parking and like having tourists come in
and I'm like bitch you are tourists how
the fuck can you be demanding some shit
when you're asking here fucking as a
tourist you know even the gym not Aloha
spirit I saw this guy he was like in the
squat rack and I need the squat rack so
I was like hey or how many more sense
you have that you know well I got like
seven on that but if you want to get it
I can move out of your way look does
that that's nice and they started
talking about this muscle confusion
theory he has where like he's like you
know like you know out in your mind like
you tell yourself you want to do nine
reps but you only get three oh my god
just mean you're the wrong number
there's more estimating your ability
nine in three baths all right it was
just funny I'm like what the hell - like
awesome Oh like he's like you need a
spot I'm like no I don't need a spy
still lift off and here's I'll just be
there for you because you know sometimes
you say you wanna do ten but you only
get five oh my god never I was in my
mind I'm never out I don't know what
that was very nice in know you had your
back oh the water totally gonna get the
going
Oh God so you guys don't you guys aren't
even in Hawaii yet no we're not no I'm
eating half the book yet a headache
yesterday I didn't get baptized yet
you're not officially in Hawaii until
you get baptized that's we're saying
yesterday we did everything then once we
got to the beach gone to the water were
like okay marry my hog I'm ready I'm
ready
when ready
my bear hi what are you doing nothing
I'm just chilling they're doing it on me
whatever the hell is all of this you're
a mermaid with scales someone through
individual scales damn you guys got
skills and you got little veins and the
freaking fish tails what are those
called they're like veins right so kill
you little mermaid
if we look at things pulsating what the
hell it's probably our your marine
vagina what your ocean your ocean clam
are you second it's probably your uh
your oyster clitoris I want a picture
fine I'll give you a picture can you see
me a song from what's that movie called
Little Mermaid yeah
Fonda the sea yeah yeah yeah look at
this stuff isn't it Neil wouldn't you
think my collections complete
what did you think everything everything
I got
yeah
I've got 20 who cares no big deal I want
more - is a greedy bitch why the hell
does she want more I don't know that you
have a good time
snorkeling this time last time we were
here it was for a wedding
we were playing host to our friends and
our family so we'd get into a lot of
that we wanted to we were just so
conscious and aware of who was doing one
making sure Holmes cupholder this time
hey tart
everyone what happened last time when I
was snorkeling here for a really long
time by myself this is the story that we
always tell about JK news and you're
always the David always calls you the
cartoon lady that's biting her
fingernails and the fingernail chips are
flying all over the place so it was
similar to this I mean we were here so
this is the exact spot and we were all
just kind of swimming and then you're a
very strong swimmer so you like to go on
your own so I said hey you know what you
want to commit exploring it's a person
here I get it I said you keep going I'm
going to swim back so I'm getting tired
and
Swimming's to the new lesson you went
that way and then I think like an hour
so past everyone came back here we all
kind of met up again and we're like okay
where's everyone at and then everyone
was here except for you and I'm like
shit
like I know he went out and he died
himself because they always tell you to
go out with but especially should be
exposed to go with you're all by
yourself and I'm thinking oh no all
right he'll be fine
another 15 minutes pass and you're still
not around and then more more
passionately not bad guy just keeps
waiting for you because you have like I
remember you having something very
distinct that amount if it was your
shorts or you may be my flippers on my
starglo they're both yellow something
and then I kept looking like cancer pops
like every
where is he where is he and I kept
looking over here I me care how just
thinking and that's what he is saying
that I was not like this I was just like
I wasn't fighting about sleeping ah
Davis idiot Riley but you know my
favorite part of that whole story is it
shows how much you really really love me
even though you act tough on camera like
you don't need me or independent woman
cuz I am but when we snuggle in bed you
always tell me that you would die
without me and that was the first public
embodiment of that and I really really
like that fine can you could you do
dollars now what you do have a very very
cuny side but not that many people see
it I don't want anybody else but you to
see it one you look up my Oh
but everyone likes it when they see you
love me I was just not going up there
this time I remember last time you're
like a pauper you swim way too far out I
don't want to commit if I get scared but
that sucked it up and I swim did you
worry a little bit more adventurous this
time here or something look me
explore and last time I came I didn't
have as much fun because everyone's okay
I'm just going to go to some pretty deep
places like if I looked down it was like
40 50 and I saw the desk area a little
big smells thinking like course I don't
want to fight me yeah
if you weren't with me I probably went
to went a little bit deeper but I
already know that you already pushing
your boundaries so I was just like okay
mom bear this is probably really really
hard from our parity so I wanted to be a
funny and not take you out too far where
you feel uncomfortable thank you good
money I love so much so much - I haven't
at that time a lawyer part yeah I'm just
chillin doing
you
full day here and did it exceed meet or
it wasn't even I expected I'd pretty
much got everything I wanted to do in
Hawaii in one day some when I come to
Hawaii just only make me to be the hook
one is given to the water the beach
snorkeling - is eating okay
you know much history so I got to do all
three so now I don't really care what we
do the rest the trip I'm down to just
stay at his house I'm down to just walk
around I'm down to go to the same Beach
over and over again that's dating cool
it was kind of the same for me the only
thing I mean not that this is even a bad
thing at all but the only thing that I
wanted to do or that I longed to do now
is to kind of just spend more time
outside of a car I know how to do that I
don't know today we we got Joe Bonnie's
the shrimp truck and from where we were
which was uh-huh no movie it was about
an Allen forty minutes and that's only
because um it's not the distance so it's
not like a really far distance it's
mainly just because this be the mid 35
um good super chill so they had a normal
free would probably take over 30 minutes
yeah maybe like at most here um but
because I was stuck in the car for so
long I'm like oh my god there's so much
like lush like vegetation out here you
know and like back at home it's you know
we live like in a desert um so a lot of
the plants and stuff that we see it's
all like been altered by man like it
doesn't it doesn't even make sense
there's a lot of like one palm tree and
then we'll have like or the other tree's
called Douglas fir Gunzburg I don't
think that's Peter Cedars yet but like
they don't just don't make sense
um but then out here became supernatural
and not supernatural but just very
natural and I wanted to be more a part
of that so I'm like now how can I do
that like having to walk for forever and
then I was thinking ah what if we ride
some bikes oh cool see what you want to
do it is kind of like not take the car
route of checking out Hawaii yeah taking
a more slower pace so getting up on yeah
cuz you know like when you walk when
you're like when you do any other mode
of try
stationed outside of a car so you get a
more intimate feel of your surroundings
I'm gonna start introducing details link
in the middle box or on a porch or on
houses or like oh wow there's these
types of flowers our planet or using
small different things I feel like you
get a different understanding of like
your environment when you're like in it
opposed to you in a car that's in that
environment you know what I also want to
get understanding of the rest of this
house right I mean know what the house
looks like achoo we haven't even done
the tour of the house like all I know is
her bedroom looks like the living room
looks like oh that's it does this one
cuz they're still in this beautiful
backyard I was talking to David earlier
nice if this house has four bedrooms so
it's actually quite spacious but is this
one there and there's one over there
just haven't seen any parts of it yet
it's just as soon as we walked up which
I woke up at 6:30 after I brush my teeth
and stuff I was out and about and I
haven't been home the whole day yeah me
too I get dropped you off to work out
came back and then everyone was up and
then I changed real quick and then we
went to eat breakfast you met up with us
and then but I've been but a goomba day
was that I actually wouldn't be opposed
to chilling like half a day here
tomorrow and then finding bicycle summer
I think we're gonna have to cuz when we
went to the store we just said hey
wouldn't it be cool to just have a
barbecue because we have a really
beautiful girl out here and why don't
you just relax
I don't like yeah let's do it so then we
went to the store and mind you everyone
was full cuz myth has it that we're not
admit this is true true really yeah if
you're if you go to the grocery store
hungry you over buy stuff if you're
buying with your stomach and your brain
well maybe it wasn't it for me cuz I
don't really do that but I would get
junk food regardless of the level of
hunger that I have but um so they say
you're not supposed to go to the store
there the supermarket when you're
hunting a vibrant rich that you like so
we went on a very full stomach but yet
we still ended up spending $400 yeah but
it's a group of like
people or 10 people true and because of
that we bought a lot of stuff that we
don't do that or or that we just didn't
finish consuming for tonight's event
which was like the kickback barbecue
like it was just the wine so then we
have a lot of food the rest of the week
we do have that Silver's written well
though we do so maybe we can make it
happen and spent half the day here and
just chill the only thing though is this
house is beautiful the location is great
because about like you know like three
miles from here and it's like all the
convenience stores that we think of fast
food anything we need is here because
every time that we have come we stay on
the opposite side of the island and
that's usually like the more countryside
um totally far away and super removed
from anything touristy so um it takes
you like about 30 minutes to find like
the closest grocery store convenience
store but what I like about that sign is
that it's just so peaceful so I mean
Hawaii I've never pretty much yeah
that's exactly we're gonna Hawaii's
already pretty slow but the country side
of things is just going slower that much
more look like when the wind when the
Sun sets like oh there's no life
outdoors there's no like pollution like
everything's dark we see millions of
stars and everyone just goes to bed
that's all they said
all Polynesians you start navigate with
the Starks they just know about
pollution so it's easy for them to get
right yeah like there's if the stars are
so bright you feel like there's like a
little night light out there it's so
fucking beautiful and that's kind of
what I miss and I wish this house we can
just pick it up and then move it to the
country because I love that like the
front yard was literally the ocean like
it goes out on all the stories and stuff
Oh
begad but then you lose out on all the
convenience of you know everything that
you have
I mean you can't have it all right yeah
well I'm really tight enough I know I
didn't go to bed I mean it's one o'clock
for us right now no I didn't change the
time oh it's almost to having this one
this million so I want to say you guys
are a lot of pool yeah this is Aloha and
I hear it's pretty deep but yeah I don't
know we woke up and just gonna go go go
go go
good night everyone do we look darker I
know I'm Brett for sure what are we
doing right now just waiting for a
flight I know I can finally we've been
sitting here well not here in this place
but we've been at the airport since
10:00 a.m. and right now it's five seven
hours so we're at least eight hours
behind because the planes not gonna take
off until 6:00 but it's all good because
it was a blessing in disguise it really
really was because I can't remember the
last time we hung out just us two
