we're going to high
you
why do you look so sad cuz I'm really
frustrated right now
we miss our flight and never in the
history of my travels have I ever missed
the flight because I'm very on top of
the time when it comes especially to
traveling because I know there's so many
variables but just today it was I don't
know it just started off wrong um
I wasn't on track of time the way I
needed to be and then like
there were just too many setbacks that
happen
and then there's a logical big and then
to the shuttle I mean I maybe it just
felt like everything was way more
delayed just cuz I was in a rush and you
know when you're in a rush like
everything just feels like it takes a
lot longer so it just felt like
everything was moving really slowly so
yeah I'm pretty freaking frustrated
right now so is it my fault yeah
initially we were supposed to leave here
by we were supposed to depart by 10:10
we didn't get me to like 9:40
so now our next light out is a six week
which means we won't get to our
destination
are you mad at me I'm not mad at you I
just wish you were better with time you
suck at time so ultimately it's my fault
because if I already know you suck at
time I shouldn't have depended on you so
again ultimately it's my fault so when
you ask me if I'm pissed at you I should
actually say no I'm not I'd more pissed
at myself
what made you think that you could trust
me with the alarm and setting up the
time I don't know I think I was just
really tired yesterday
I was just kind of on autopilot and the
routine is you set your alarm up but we
both kind of have our internal clocks
that wake up before the alarm goes off I
just didn't even think there was just
too many other things I was thinking
about so I mean I ultimately fucked up
and I should've just kind of you know
just been in travel mode like now mob
air travel mode is on so then I'm just
wants off of everything are you gonna be
mad at me I don't know probably not I
mean I'm just disappointed in itself
because I know you suck it's not fair to
you to beep it
so right now I'm just kind of down on
myself but whatever I'll just get food
we get to spend a good 6 hours together
just you and me a long time my parents
like a break it's like a mini vacation
before the vacation isn't that amazing
no it's not because I already had
something in my mind that I wanted to do
and that's getting delayed by like eight
hours
but we also never get a chance to have
some a long time and just take a chill
break others
but we have to roll with what life deals
us and this is the new game so we got to
change our perspective a hundred percent
I agree but I think it's also fair and a
valid reason for me to be kind of upset
it hasn't even been 30 minutes
you know like I'm trying to roll with
the punches I'm not going to be all
party faced this whole time
but it is like disappointing
it's not a big deal but
I have emotions and I'm feeling them
right now so I feel like it's fair for
me to feel
and then afterwards it'll let them wear
off yeah
could I tell you something what
there's no one else that I'd rather miss
a flight with the new mall bear duh you
don't have a choice what the hell why
I don't know
well I said it what there's a genie in
there like hey would you rather miss the
flight with Lady Gaga or with mom prayer
I'll say my fair lady gaga's it more
fair would say Lady gaga you would be
asking a million questions why would you
rather be with Lady gaga thank you yeah
it's Lady fucking dago's oh you're gonna
be fine and aside from anybody that's
really really rare and cool and it's
done a lot of amazing things outside of
all those really like rich and famous
great people I wouldn't want to miss a
fly with anyone than you good
I love you
here my pair not that we have pizza are
you feeling a little bit better I mean I
can't think when there's pizza no I know
how much you love pizza and even though
it's 10:00 a.m. in the morning it's
never too early cookies oh really I
don't think it's too greasy or too like
fatty or heavy for you you even know me
it's amazing so that means you can't get
mad at me at all anymore you're
completely over it so good yeah it's a
guy a pizza I said I can't think of
anything but the ones it's gone then I'm
gonna go I'm gonna keep beating you
boots up all day that you completely
forget about it we also got this chicken
tortilla soup that was pretty bomb we
already ate half of it and also we got
this fried calamari
you know what no don't you said you
don't want to tell me I don't want to
know then but some people might not even
know either what what part of the animal
do you think the fried calamari comes
from come on oh it's gonna break my mark
okay
later what is it I probably won't ever
eat it again
so come from squid yeah you know the
split as a we're like a mushroom answers
they cut off the half marks and they
chop it up and upload a little rate
oh yeah before I was wondering tells it
where's the hell did they get the
circles from the squid and I saw someone
make it and so they take like the squid
and they talk about the tentacle that's
why she was at the bottom have a bunch
of little tentacles but then they take
the head part and they chop it up and
those are the little sources so that's
how they make fried calamari what pizza
did you get mom Paris I got pepperoni
that's your favorite flavor enough yeah
you can never go wrong honey and it it's
so breezy for me to hear when we won
don't like my brownie or they don't like
being like what's wrong with you we
can't be friends
pepperoni is definitely one of my
favorites but my favorite favorite of
all time is margarita I just like the
simplicity of high quality mozzarella
tomato and then basil I feel like that's
all the Italians
intended to make me I think I'm rolling
might be like a American thing or at
least something asked American
pepperonis are because if you go to like
Italy the pepper ones on tiny it's like
a little pop dish I still like her
ponytail still young you're probably
right but this is fond memories so how
is it it's pretty good
you guys go wrong the pizza that
everybody it's not usually like airport
food is like how was it it's not pretty
good because I know this is really
surprised me we got chicken tortilla
soup and I was like yeah this actually
tastes good like I ate it at someone's
mom's house that's very hearty and a lot
of times at airport food is me why you
blocking it for me the other way
let's try this
just waiting for a flight I know
thank you finally we've been sitting
here well not here in this place but
we've been at the airport since 10:00
a.m. and right now it's five seven hours
so we're at least eight hours behind
because the planes not gonna take off
until 6:00 but it's all good because it
was a blessing in disguise it really
really was because I can't remember the
last time we hung out just as to this TV
anyway every day we watch our shows the
point is like 21 hours of writing it
over over to the picture page that I
didn't realize how their five could be
on TV like it just go home before
elements yeah it was a blessing in
disguise because we're usually so busy
like even this vacation we weren't
really ready for like I wasn't ready for
I even told my Bardo forget guys that
you know even when I'm in Hawaii I'll be
on the emails if you need me let me know
if my mind is still back there with the
fireball guys like there's so much stuff
going on that I can't just completely
remove myself and even with like this
vacation I didn't even look at the
itinerary or anything or any of the
booking information until last night I'd
even know what time the flight wasn't
till last
I just knew it was today I know we
didn't even know that that's why we
missed I know but I was just like you
know I just so much stuff on my mind
that vacation going to Hawaii was not a
priority so I was like if it's not a
priority just 20 other emails after look
at before looking at this stuff but
being able to come here and missing our
flight it was able to at least slow
things down for me where we were able to
just walk around and shop like you know
like what a lot of normal couples are
they go to the mall they don't they
don't have a relaxed and they chill and
they're just at each other's company and
it's really cute yeah where I was able
to were able to model clothes for each
other get massages eat twice without
worrying about diet that was pretty cool
I had french fries zipper buzzes awesome
and I had a lobster roll never even eat
a lobster before us my first time it's
pretty bomb I've always wanted to eat a
lobster roll but what I don't believe it
was because I watched those who chose
they were sure like you the best Maine
lobster coleslaw on a fresh-baked gonna
let your lobster roll I used to selling
the peasant Raymond I just wanted to
clean water also if there's any guests
don't think Charlie lobster rolls
especially at either
thanks get it anyways here we hang out
just like JC I want to get a girl sushi
you can just get that anywhere okay fine
Melissa I guess the the the bad turned
to into a good for me and we're able to
just spend you wander around and shop
and look at magazines and playlists and
sit in massage chairs about three was a
nice change of is pretty nice that's my
- I'm very heavy me too and I was able
to take like a two-hour nap underneath
some airplane chairs or Airport chairs
Airport chairs
you're in everyone's way how am I in
other people's ways I'm worried they're
first floors not made for these DuPont
the chairs are made for users but it was
empty I was and so I laid there and then
people started coming in if they see a
guy laying there should they just walk
around them they did but then it got
really really bad Oh fine you have a
good time
yeah it's really cool I'm just I'm just
excited to get on the plane for me and
then we have another five hours on the
plane I don't mind at least four going
summer at that point we're gonna do an
option of medical aid a clinical year
probably woulda guessed at gate 23a or
over the last one what bulb inverse be
bored at this time any premium cabin you
me bored Elsa philosophy what are you
looking forward to most on this trip I'm
a completely just connecting
thinking about anything but removing
sand out of my hair and foot you know
what I heard we have at our house the
one that we are being beat what so first
of all we have a pool again which is
awesome and one thing I always thought
it was weird we're like it's like if you
live at the beach and have a beach side
house why would you need a pool yeah but
the place that we got married at it had
a pool and it was really nice like it's
a good change of pace and I know this is
like it sounds super first-world hope to
have like a sunset at a beach and to
have a pool at the same place but after
we swim in the salt water sometimes at
night we just want to chill and Kelleen
against the wall because there's no
walls to lean against inside the ocean
so so David discovered that is anytime
he's against the wall in the wave comes
in crash against it basically and David
on the street since I can't we I don't
know what happens to David but
everywhere that I swim it's like the
most beautiful most scenic things I've
ever seen and then it just gets caught
by a wave and it gets repeatedly slammed
against like a wall of coral that I'm
like where did you even find this wall
of coral it comes out freaking bleeding
from his nose and his eyes I'm like what
the hell is going on I don't know I
can't we finished my lab so we have a
pool and also we have a canal in the
back and Joe told me that at this house
they have little kayaks so you can put
in the canals again oh I don't know what
size I'm just thinking kayaks are little
and then you could uh we could take it
all the way out to the middle of the
ocean
that's exciting that's something we
haven't done before I think I think the
most outside of just disconnecting the
second would be just getting color and
my skin is I'm so pale right
did you pretend this time no I'm gonna
burn they're gonna burn like a
motherfucker I didn't have to have a
pretty I pretend for like three weeks
already
I don't know didn't notice but I've been
getting darker and it's cuz after I've
been training I've been playing a little
bit of basketball without a shirt on
just to prep my skin cuz the last time I
went to Hawaii I was like mad never
burnt and then me David Joe we all look
like imitation crab oh damn
write on the back and white on the front
remember that you know what I'm looking
forward the most swimming uncle I really
like swimming at snorkeling and
capturing wildlife are you okay did you
eat something sour
no it's just cuz this ankles weird just
makes me really busy we keep making the
craziest baby really the angle so it
looks like I'm talking to you dislike
yeah yeah it's making me really dizzy I
know like it's hard to have a
conversation with this artist angle
because um I don't know it just feels
really close I feel like I'm like I feel
like I'm gonna be like this
yeah ass assuming I really like swimming
i like snorkeling i like working at
fishies and stuff toy boy toy that's
where we're going so you're going to the
right spot i would suck if we were going
so far that you have it is yeah and I
really like being outdoors and you know
me ever since like I was in college my
myspace is the palm trees in Hawaii and
thank you Miss OH
no but I've always liked that beach life
so even though I'm not ready for it
I'm always ready for all ready for
always ready forgotten yeah like it's
like even though like you know I'm still
busy I got my mind set on a lot of
projects at home but I know what's my
toes my toe stick it to the sand and the
some of the O's the sky is like a
thousand screwed across the broke plane
you're the Incubus on other positive
lyrics go you got it take my toe into
the Saiga the scarves buzz from the
darker broke plane ticket and he goes ah
wish you were here
we're sure
this shoe
this angle doesn't hurt your eyes very
welcome today we become driving crazies
travel from I'm single bitch
long ago economy
every time every time thank you
oh I in the whole incident she's the
reason why God is still split on each so
we finally got to our place and it's 12
o'clock at night so it's really late
everyone's already sleeping and I come
in the kitchen actually mob they're
going to town on some leftover pokey
yeah it smells really good
is it yummy mm-hmm I'm really honestly
wish I could join you yeah I like this I
don't know what's been going on but I
have like this insane headache it could
be because um I have caffeine withdrawal
so I didn't drink any caffeine today and
I know I was gonna try to quit I've been
drinking tea for a long time but at the
last three weeks prepping for Hawaii I
got kind of hectic so I just needed more
energy a more goal power and I also
wasn't sleeping enough so I think I got
my body hooked on caffeine again and
today I didn't drink any caffeine aboard
like to create his headache and it could
be dehydration or just being on the
plant who knows like my body just
doesn't like being on plane sandwich and
I don't know what it is I've been
drinking I as soon as it came and I
drink like a big-ass glass of water just
to eliminate any other variables that
can be causing this headache but I don't
want to have a headache when I'm on
medication so hopefully by tomorrow this
headache goes away I even talked to a
Tylenol spy did nothing
how are you feeling my mom okay
be kidding me good how's the flight for
you yes perfect it was really like the
chile's flight for me and I could be
subconscious like may have been like
really in dire need of it now that my
brain is like finally here or I'm on my
way to here it was just like that fight
was very chilled oh it was nice it was
like no to like very minimal to like no
turbulence and then the staff was like
super chill super friendly like I felt
like they were like my brothers and
sisters um and then like the landing
I've never felt anything that smooth
usually when it lands it goes boom and
it kind of might were even wrong yeah
and that's just standard but there's one
just like I'm like wait did we win
that's it and it wasn't like a huge
flight either I mean a huge plane
because you should do the bigger the
plane the less the turbulence and the
less you feel the landing but bro this
didn't seem like it was that big didn't
like for so many people I don't know and
in this house
gorgeous this house is beautiful can't
wait to give you guys a tour tomorrow
yeah I'll give them a tour tomorrow
sure I mean locked out already yeah and
II can't see half the things on this
dark yeah I don't blame home because
it's 1:00 in at home so I get it what
can you do but I think the most
important thing right now father is that
you get better because it's kind of sad
seeing you like this and I just want to
take care of you so I love all you want
to take care of me what could be the one
take care of me all the time
I do take care
time but not the supernatural and I
don't feel that time that's the best it
won't need it you're like on the go and
you're like that even bother anymore
sorry oh you have no fur
after all the rain oh yeah oh you're a
hard person to look no no I got no oh I
pick far away right now you got I mean
how I want to love this surely hmm
please don't have sex but you want to
love you see my glasses yeah alright
imma get ready for bed I'm gonna take a
shower and go asleep I do hope I do
hopefully I wake up with her I know your
mind no headaches
you know what fate has it it's pretty
ironic but a block away from us isn't it
Donald what that's beautiful no yeah I
think right like a good job to it it's
awesome it's never gonna make me is it
the McDonald's is bomb though a non
Portuguese and egg rice and if they
happen pie exactly
get me discipline oh I can't wait
whoo-hoo thank you
