good morning beautiful people I am at
the JK office right now we're gonna
shoot something it's actually the
weekend for us and nobody comes into the
office as you can see it is bed the e8
bed look at this race is a spat look at
this races as desk or either super Asian
maybe I'm being the racist look at this
look at that look at this so fucking
funny dude the stereotypes are true
anyway I got a little sidetracked there
but um yeah let me just show you we're
shooting a new pilot or we're shooting a
couple pilots today and for those of you
that are unaware of what a pilot is it's
just a show idea that you come up with
and then you want to test it out with
the audience so you just shoot a couple
put them out there and then the audience
reacts lets you know if they love it
they hate it if they love it then you
continue going into the season and then
you keep shooting you get funding
whatever that's more TV terms but that's
usually how it works but if the ratings
aren't good and the audience hates it
then you just scratch it you know cut
your losses moving on next show ideas so
for us as you guys have noticed in some
of the things that we try to experiment
with we'll shoot a lot of videos and
then you guys fucking hate it but then
we're stuck with all these videos and
we're like fuck we just wasted our time
so in order to be more efficient we're
gonna shoot a couple put them out there
see how you guys like if you guys loved
it we're gonna do it again not we
scratch it we don't waste your time
anymore
we move on so we're gonna be shooting a
pilot here's a little sneak peek of what
it is it looks kind of incomplete cuz it
is
so here's one side of the set camera
other side of the set that's what you
guys are looking at right now pretty
cool huh
so for another part of this series or
for another pilot I should say um it's
gonna be heavy improv like this one that
you guys just saw that's also heavy on
the improv and improv means that there's
nothing scripted there are any lines as
you straight off
don't they're given an idea and they
just run with it so the second one that
we're gonna do is also like that it's
just given an idea run with it um but
for some sort of motivation and
inspiration I'm gonna give them some
props but unfortunately our problem
looks like shit
because when we decided to stop shooting
scripts or skits we just kind of didn't
need props anymore so we would use them
occasionally and then wonder need would
finish using them we just put them in
the problem we're like I will get to it
later and we did that for like a whole
year straight now look what look at this
prop room so it's a equipment room slash
snack section slash fucking Memphis prop
room and wardrobe look at this so this
is the walk spacing our space we should
have but it stops right there so it's
like four feet in front of me I can't
walk anymore so I'm gonna have to go in
here and dig for some good stuff see
what I can find to give them some sort
of inspiration it's pretty cool cuz off
each one of these baskets is labeled for
something so it'll be house we're here
it's a four belts scarves ties bandanas
bow ties then we have a glasses bin so
we try to compartmentalize everything so
it could be easier to track but damn
when it looks like this it's gonna be
some bullshit to track holy fuck this is
gonna suck but I gotta do it here I go
wish me luck guys hopefully they I don't
get lost in here look at this holy crap
what the hell are you doing that why do
you what I mean don't do that that's
dangerous why you're gonna cut yourself
holding it by the handle you're very
accident-prone you know that I'm not
accident-prone you okay your accident
probably other people's hurt yeah
exactly
I'm accident-prone to the world to the
world okay fine so today we're shooting
a pilot that is strictly improv right
right and all stop doing that what
have the captain hook fingers no no no
stop doing that no stop doing that
that's scary cuz I'm gonna get fucked
not you alright alright anyway did you
know this was Mickey Mouse's Jimmy this
is ever enough toys NEC he's the one
freaking pilot the giant okay fine so
today we're shooting a pilot we're
shooting a couple pilots gonna shoot a
pilot yeah for a country in the airplane
geez forget it Joe Joe today we're
shooting a pilot strictly improv how do
you feel about this today we're shooting
a pilot Strictly improv how do you feel
about that I feel like it's the most
wonderful why why do you feel this way
because we barely get to do like skits
anymore and I barely get to play
characters anymore and recently we've
been kind of shooting that and I miss it
I miss just fucking around and making
videos of that cuz they I think we make
a lot of videos that are like get to
know who we are we are real human beings
we're not just clowns but we got minds
to and we got hearts too so listen
like hangin with JK true but then now we
get to go back to the old school we get
to fuck around but for me at least when
I am probably it scares the shit out of
me cuz I I think I'm thinking too much
about trying to be funny
so I start sweating balls but for you
you enjoy that like what do you enjoy
about it I enjoy it because it's like
playing a game it's like it's like uh
it's like it's like I get to go to my
friend's house and play video games or
like go to my friend's house and play
basketball improv to me is just a big
game
and I'm not worried about being funny
because I am or anything like that I
think it's it's more like creating a
story that's what if you think about
that then you won't be worried about how
to be funny how to be funny how to be
funny yeah I think you are finding then
cuz for me like if I just try to create
a story I'm just born as fuck so yeah I
think that's what it probably is you're
just naturally a character you gotta tie
the two together and make it four yeah I
think you're just really weird that's
how it works sometimes I make people
laugh and I didn't even know this funny
and I look around I go okay if that
worked
oh really it just comes on you're like
fuck yeah thumbs I'm just being
completely honest two people a laughing
they're like oh okay if you take it as a
joke ah what was what what do you
remember a time when that happened like
what you said and then the reaction on
JK news what do you say I don't remember
I don't know that like I'm like oh okay
okay okay I can't wait I can't wait to
see what you come up with okay I'm gonna
go ask Bart the same shit holy shit all
right so you're improving a lot today is
that something that intimidates you
improv yeah um sometimes I think the
improv that's kind of like that's kind
of what produces the magic though it's
there is this slight um double dutch
effect we're like oh when do I come in
or should I come in or how do I come in
and because of that I think it turns on
something in your brain that makes it
kind of reach into like the subconscious
and you kind of become more one with the
scene I think that compared to like more
scripted stuff there's more planning
involved and although it's a creative
art form there's a tendency for your
brain to kind of go to the more logical
side cuz you're trying to analyze the
scene you're trying to analyze the
action lines or if I come in from the
room over here that means I'm pissed
and then there's - there's a lot of like
analyzing instead of feeling and then
but with improv it's immediately you
just have
go with like feel and there's loss
that's why sometimes some of the best
stuff comes up with improv and if you
could choose one form whether it's
scripted or improv based what would you
prefer it really depends on the project
okay so if it's a comedy project is that
what you mean
no it's because for example if we have
time then of course improv because we
get to like improv is a jam session
right like you get to try a bunch of
different stuff and then sometimes you
come up with a catchy tune sometimes you
don't we have fun doing it no matter
what
but let's say you got three minutes to
perform a song then you probably don't
want a gem because it might be two
minutes of bullshit and finally the last
30 seconds you have a catchy tune so in
that case you probably do want to go
script it so you know at least for sure
I'm gonna get this level of material and
it's not gonna be garbage because improv
it doesn't you could be the funniest
motherfucker in the world sometimes you
come out with gold and sometimes this
fucking bullshit so it really depends on
the project all right for this project
if you had a guess because you have to
guess do you think you're gonna come out
with gold or some bullshit I don't know
really shit you know there's sometimes I
come with like my a-game there's
sometimes I come like there's sometimes
I'm an unfamiliar situation and I come
with my a-game
and there's some times when I'm like you
know I'm gonna fucking kill it because
this is a character I played seven
thousand times mmm I come out with some
fucking bullshit and I'm like I don't
know what happened today but there's
bullshit today fuck it yeah cuz you've
never even tested with these with these
characters before you've never played
around with them so it's it's like
getting to know a new person to be
honest that's what the pilots about like
I don't even know I don't even know what
character it is so it's not like me and
Joe right now I think Oh what is this
character his name is Fernando and it
comes from Spain and he puts out fires
on the weekends like I don't even know
who this guy is
I'm just gonna sit there and then see
what happens nice
I'm excited all right good luck
don't shoot pilots well don't put your
gun at me look at Lou your gun loser all
right now testing lighting so
I mean him walk past the like to see how
bad it is and if it's bad then I'm gonna
raise the light a little bit more
because his character is gonna be
serving food so he needs to kind of work
around well he needs to walk around the
camera and also passes light but you see
that shadow yeah that's gonna look
really cool egg in video form so I think
they're talking in secret because we
don't want the guys to know what's
happening probably the cool and I think
we think you made a great choice picking
Byron to be the hand model because he's
Dan that looks like a flamingo neg like
three you yeah damn Clement yes let me
go feel it on the camera so you don't
really actually see Barney's just even
you just do that that's beautiful
the hand Byron as you're getting closer
whoa Wow
wowie wow wow you look great
thank you you look great
Harry's coming together hi Joe you look
fabulous
I have to wear the pants part
no your kids are sitting down no point
okay I got a shirt like this on Amazon
with the rose too long to leave mine
comes with ruffles oh shit you this
better papa
here or is it it's chilly okay all just
wondering if he thinks he's getting sick
popper yeah how do you think the first
improv pilot ended up um the first pilot
we did actually really liked it because
it was more of a um you know a lot of
times like once you have something set
we'd start doing things and we
immediately start we it graded you know
like like let's say we have a first for
example JK news that's set we know the
level were able to achieve so as soon as
we're done we turn the cameras off we
can almost look around the room like I
feel like to be you or that felt like a
we look grade it because then this
better have done that better so there's
a lot of analytical parts to it and then
that's because the art form can turn
into work which all art form eventually
does but being able to comb with a pilot
like this part is really fun because the
art form kind of stays on art form and
we kind of there's a lot of
experimentation we're creating and we're
kind of able to like stay with like a
more childlike mentality and although
like because it is a pilot a lot of
rules aren't in place we do still find
ways to better it but it's not so much
to better it in a way we're like this is
right or wrong it's this is how we can
do it to make it better you know so that
that part it's really fun and then we
worked pretty free-for-all and then when
we moved on to the portion or supposed
to play professors that that was like
when I had the most fun and that was not
something uh naturally them me and Joe
did and our old um JK food adventures we
like making up random stories and this
one we were able to be put in a
situation where we make up random
stories and we have visuals and we have
a costume and it made some other stories
like way funnier so I definitely had a
good time I feel like Casey and Byron
definitely have a lot on their hands
though because there was no general
direction because it's just all play in
terms of editing in terms of editing now
they have to figure out a way
like to make magic happen and kind of
like it's almost like like imagine I
just grab a guitar I play random notes
and then I go get a piano and play some
random notes and I go on the drums play
some random notes and then I take all
those music bites and I give it to a
producer and I'm like hey make a beat
out of this no you know that's kind of
how I feel we're like a lot of the times
we're like me and Joe we're just playing
and creating experimenting so I feel
like a lot of the randomness on its own
it was pretty funny I was really good
time would grow character like a million
times
the hopefully comes together really good
yeah you did a good job uh sure I'm
laughing behind the scenes yeah I mean I
had to move my chair into someone where
I couldn't see you guys and you guys
couldn't see me because I was doing I
was doing that knows life you know that
the air comes out you know so I was
trying to stay quiet and I don't want to
be like but I was doing this and then I
think I think I interrupted Joe's flow
because he was already on the verge of
breaking character and then he heard my
and then he started laughing did you
know what David told me that all that oh
yeah so true he said that he realized
some of the funniest shit that I say you
actually have no reaction and it's
almost like you're over it I think
because you're with me all the time that
like there's times in JK news where like
everyone's busting up or like during us
get everyone's busting up in here just
they're like I think that's exactly it
is I'm nothing I'm desensitized but yeah
maybe I mean II know I'm not a big
meanie I just think like I'm like oh
shit that's funny
you're like Beethoven's wife he's like I
heard you heard that shit 20 times this
ain't no masterpiece no I'm not saying
that at all I'm just like I'm used to
your crazy antics and I feel like a lot
of people are still like taking it back
by then that's all because I'm like oh
you think that's crazy you should see
the other shit that he does so I think
that's what's happening some people
think I'm an artist I think you're an
artist too I think you're a genius I
tell you that every fucking day I tell
you I think you're fucking genius every
day and a lot are you serious
actually juicy I tell you I think you're
a genius every freaking day you're so
insecure mm-hmm well I think you'd even
hear that coming I was humming you know
the jaws being Pima I are all on a mini
break just chillin just chillin until
the next segment but look at what Joe is
doing he's trying to get some light it's
a big show you this crazy fool
look at the sack I mm sure nobody loved
you
see how long it takes him to turn around
I realize that the ones here he doesn't
even care
he's actually feeling sick so I think
he's trying to take in the Sun even
though I was making fun of him such an
asshole
Oh sing it I like how your lip synching
the only word he knew there was for
season we're a bunch of fucking freak
shows you know that virus went through
the hoop while I was moving oh yeah
those awesome okay there you go
how much crazier there's like that sand
or whatever is in there that makes it
harder yep you're fucking huge right
yeah yeah yeah you do
yeah you nailed it though I don't have
to do Oh
figure it it out I'm bouncing it I'll
fuck it up it's alright baby you're
gonna sweat and if your ring is
reassured
that was a good one all because it was
moving slow you just moved too slow that
was perfect
you just timed it
all right guys how you guys feeling
we're coming towards the end of our
shoot what time is it what time did we
start I think we started at 1:00 Yeah
right yeah how's everyone feeling oh I'm
feeling a little bit tired but it's okay
it's just our first time so we're just
kind of working through the motions yeah
because I think there's a lot of
downtime so like it's actually more
tiring to actually wear the guys all
night tired it takes the energy energy
done and he goes and picks up his kid
from school energy done throws a key on
the car
every time we need energy or needs to
get something done it takes that shit
energy taxes done wife is done
everything is done food is done dinner
is done neighbors aren't done grasses
loan damn well we're all in good spirits
which is really really cool that's okay
thank you yeah so we've been shooting
and were like Bart said we're all
feeling a little bit tired but we're
excited because it's a new territory for
us and with it feels like we're kind of
going back to the old Jetta where we're
teaching good things in a good way
that's the improv base but it's not like
super duper crazy with like crazy props
are like crazy freakin skits that you
guys freaking hate so it's all really
organic really fun it feels really young
it feels very fresh it feels very new so
hopefully you guys love this format love
this style cuz we're super excited to
introduce it to you guys so I think the
shots are ready or the cameras already
just join the crew we are at dinner now
I heard the Dean that you set this up he
brought everyone out here
it was like hey can become small and I
feel sad people feel like now
whatever criticism
about it do you any of you help the
government's a French fancy culinary
okay but its roots are here some like
that with Mexican elements with modern
Molinari pussy if I could be going to
kitchen you'll see them look like a
crock pot brewing on us
gradient of you and then you'll see the
next tense coil what's going on
together they make magic you know what I
really like about what I'm looking at
right now really wait what that way what
year did your girl mean that you needed
sponges that you couldn't just buy we
were frugal Messam peasant shit it is
cut it up you save this shit to use as a
fucking sponge that's the present a shit
that's fun recycling
no I'm saying best of superfoods they're
gonna believe you believe you what
should they believe that anybody oh no
my battery's gonna die
thank you
