finally I get to sit down and chill out
crazy ass morning so far it started off
with a really intense workout I did ten
sets of two of dentists at 4:05 and
that's because I'm prepping for a meet
have to increase my work capacity by
adding a lot of body then after I did
the rest of the workouts for my workout
I played basketball for what seemed like
thirty minutes but it was only 15
minutes I timed it and I speak that I'm
trying to conclude about 20 to 30
minutes of cardio after my workout so I
could accelerate my fat loss I him on
track which is good so I've lost I think
about eight or nine pounds so far so I'm
really happy about that
but the part that messed me up for the
rest of the day is after playing
basketball with those animals Shaffer
Evan and Dimas they're really in shape I
was just laying there on the ground
resting for like 15 minutes and that was
15 minutes I didn't have so as soon as I
was done resting and I came to my senses
other okay coach probably go home and
take a shower and look at my watch I'm
like oh shoot a behind schedule to be
late I have a 1:30 conference call so I
got in the car sped home didn't have
time to vlog anything in-between drink a
protein shake got the dogs inside the
house we leave them outside when we're
gone so they can pee instead I also
guard the house took a quick shower pack
all my stuff got on my car flew over
here got on the phone made the
conference call which is good because
when you're doing business with people
you got to be alive
this is one of the reasons why your
parents tell you gotta be punctual it's
not even just so that you don't waste
their time or other people's time is to
build a good habit so that later on when
being functional actually matters you're
able to do it it's the hardest thing
when you've developed a habit or live a
certain way for your whole life and then
now you have to change that about
yourself that's really really hard
assault when your parents tell you to do
things just do it because it's gonna be
good for you might seem really weird or
you might not understand it it's gonna
be good for yourself I was on time
government phone call we had a one-hour
conference call got a lot of good stuff
done so finally after all of that is out
of the way now it's time for me in case
you two meet on some creative stuff so I
got my favorite coffee this is Stumptown
coffee forever in downtown LA your
coffee is hella bomb I always get the
vanilla latte because even feel like
vanilla it tastes like some wonderful
magical dessert I got this but get my
creative juices flowing and then I got a
meal prep because I'm trying to be a
little bit helped you know so I just got
up chicken broccoli and some rice but to
eat this while they meet multitask a
little bit and get some work done
because today we got a lot of stuff
ahead of us got a pie on the feature
film meeting and I think in a week or
two we're gonna have a really really big
meeting with two or three big production
companies so we got to make sure our
ideas really solve it so that we can
pitch it and hopefully it takes our
feature film to the next level we'll see
but got more stuff to do
I mob man what are you working on I I am
working on
some set numbers some JK's set numbers
not barbell check who why did you hit
the brick when he said not barbell and
what kind of numbers are you dealing
with what is that I am going over
spending on the cents so that is the
erection of the cents the materials for
the cents the props for the sets
believer for the sets just making sure
that keep spending under wraps so that
we're not going over a budget with a set
yeah okay we have no idea what we're
doing because none of us are experts in
building any sort of sets yeah none of
us have a traditional filming background
so we don't know what to expect so we're
kind of like winging it taking it one
step at a time
yeah so the only way we can do that is
we do it and then you think about it
like does this look like it supposed to
cost as much and sometimes we
underestimate and then they arrest me
but for the most part we've been
underestimated
Oh meaning we've been we think it's
gonna be like this much and then it goes
way over yeah that's probably just due
to our inexperience I guess damn you
only finish the coffee about you yeah
I've had two hours oh oh yeah mines been
in the freezer I just started drinking
right now you're so judgmental oh my god
I like my stuff nice and cold
what are you working on a a Ron
to tie up loose ends for the launch
that's happening in literally two days
I've looked at a watch that I don't have
so that's like pictures website making
sure this yeah I look at my watch again
my watch the element watch your head
just there's a lot of stuff that goes
into making sure everything goes
smoothly at the lock because we saw
we're selling at the gym too so we've
got to make sure that we have new
mannequins to display on even bottoms
yeah you have for the first time making
sure that the system on there is working
yeah
make sure the websites working for
filaments up and running the colors are
good the tags are good everything's
ready to go so just trying to make sure
that's all done in time so that means if
I look on your computer screen it should
look like that cool because sometimes
people say a bunch of stuff and you go
and what is it Instagram so air is not
lying
good job actually I had to change it
over even though it's probably gonna
come out after we launch I did have some
stupid stuff on there I had to change
over to this Oh for the future that's
very smart
oh let's see what everyone else is doing
okay hey TIFF what are you up to right
now is there a reason why you put on
lipstick but you left your eyes dark the
way cheaper lipstick so I tried it today
I don't think I'm digging it but I'm
leaving it on cuz just like fuck it oh
cool what is that a society side braid
it's Oh French Pig I'm like Daniela
makes again another to do a French braid
she's like I'm gonna be enough to
YouTube what I don't understand what's
going on
let's dump oh you have a candle why you
think it smells like shit I see yeah I
just know your space is nice what are
you up to Julia yeah and we want him to
be on take a party so rdq party videos
would be a lot more exciting yes like a
super cloud with like David and Gina
yeah David only commit to JK only once a
week so I'm trying to do now is I'm
trying to get some last-minute guests on
JP news so they'll be just as exciting
cool
what are you doing Sean
what are you doing Sean do you like
editing standing up yeah most the time I
spend a lot of my stuff on my time
sitting down so it feels good to stand
up and work every once in a while just
to get off yeah do you feel like you get
your creative juices moving a little bit
better when you're editing while you're
standing yeah plus it helps being in
this environment just being out of my
own room yeah and they're all the time
just gets stale so I come here to work
it's just a nice separate
yeah I like to separate my home and my
work environment - yeah yeah I get all
my work done when I go home I just relax
yeah exactly
I play games at my desk instead of
having to work so I come here to work
then I go home you have a cool desk I
like the bamboo desk yes let's try this
to you that's pretty sick awesome then
did it a dude - dude did it do it
did it David what are you doing so
you're pretending huh we're all bored of
Hawaii in a week dude I know is it that
crazy
yeah time goes by fucking fast these
days and more shit you have going on the
faster it goes it's so crazy
oh you're welcome
I'm wait I'm so miserable I love you
what are you really working on though oh
cool did your products yes we're doing
the we just did over all the questions
and stuff and just went through the
script and I'm just sending back to fill
in some of the place so we could finish
off the whole script that's Thai so
we're going to be shooting that on
Friday and I'm actually switching I'll
do it just kidding party this week
instead of just
that's awesome my I heard cuz gonna be
on Mafia yeah cuz people have been
asking for you and Gina to be on and so
I think this will be like the super
collab where everyone that they want to
be on is finally on super cast oh shit
he's my shit yeah you guys that cars not
- yeah shit mock your clients yes life a
lot easier
yeah my buddies buddy sent it to me cuz
I said them to me okay uh yeah well we
shall see why you need to go to Hawaii
so bad you've been overworked and the
reason why is because it's not the way I
wanted to so you know currently with my
channel I'm an experiment team with it a
lot and one of the things that's great
about than their bad is that nobody's
going to know about what's going on like
it's just we change design even find a
style that I really like yeah up until
this point that you guys know I thought
of stuff up myself and now that I'm
working with somebody else I'm trying to
get a flow and a rapport with that and
so we're just trying to up the quality a
lot more make it a lot more consistent I
think it just because like I've been
doing vlogging the same way for the past
five years it's not like you know people
hate it you know if people love it that
they existed a lot but the problem is is
that a person who's been doing it for
five years I want to change it up yeah I
think it'd keep it a lot for myself true
so at the end of the day like you still
the same content my turn
a lot more quality to it and just do it
that's dope yeah
all right cool see you guys later she's
he could uh put your pretend stuff back
on this is Casey's room but he's not in
here which means he's in here hey what's
up case what are you working on document
the movie research yeah people think I
think like every time Joe walks by he
always sees us watching movies yeah
helos god damn it why don't we separate
that way why are you in charge of movies
and I'm in charge of the business stuff
you guys just watch the movies all day
it's fun but it's still a lot of
headache too but it's a creative
headache it's not like I'm sure the
stuff that he deals with is actual
numbers that affects the company like on
a headache is like work itself created
headache
that's what create creativity is like
you want to make this thing that no one
knows about and then we're just here
like with like furrowed eyebrows but why
the fuck does it shift fucked up but
people are like what are you guys doing
just watching movies there's a problem -
there's the pro is yeah we're having fun
doing something creative there's no
number
King and we get to watch movies all day
and pretty much live in a fantasy world
right but the condo is the fact that
you're doing number crunching type work
or like it's like a like a like a
database type of work it's easy to get
productive in the sense that you can
just hop down the work and just keep
working working until you have no more
going right yeah with the creative
process though you can work the entire
day get absolutely nothing that's true
while trying to get a lot done you know
and yeah and sometimes you just have
good days and they see other endings and
it's just that's the frustrating part I
think is that you can spend it as much
time as you want and still get nowhere I
think that at least for me that's the
most frustrating part you can understand
like people with editing - it's like
editing technically you can get a lot
done just by cutting the footage putting
the flitter check you know just by the
way through but there comes a point
where you need to go back into the nest
they have to go back and actually see if
this stuff even flows right that's the
hard part and you can spend hours like
finessing these that is it might not get
to where you want it to be into the
alley tomorrow I'll do it again and keep
finesse and finishing - is doing what's
true so that's like the whole art versus
yes that's true which one would you
prefer
it's more fun it's more fun I don't know
so I mean I have these run like I will
get
like to look for articles and she
literally counted down she needs to find
20 articles for Thursday right
I'm like it's still hard though cuz
sometimes she tells me there's like a
million garbage articles so sometimes it
takes like like one article you find
that number goes down sometimes you got
to read ten articles and then maybe go
down by one there's problems everywhere
yeah that's true that's true
there's no yeah very true all right yeah
we'll see let's see if anyone's up here
this is Michael's office no hookers in
there okay Oh Joel usually works up here
but he's not here
oh it's Michael's back maybe they had a
meeting and they went to go get coffee
so I guess that's what everyone's doing
I'm gonna go meet up with Kasey and draw
a creative stuff and get things not out
whoo-hoo thank you
