so on this on one of the more recent JK
news articles we just talked about this
kid that lived in Texas was 13 he killed
his girlfriend's mom and stepdad but he
was manipulated by the girlfriend but
that's also questionable too because
this kid has like 60 something accounts
of other misdemeanors and after killing
two adults he was sentenced to only 28
years and after five years he got
released because of a good performance
in jail and getting his GED and like
becoming licensed and carpentry or
something and I was like dude I was
fuckin short because I have a family
friend that back when I was younger so
he's older than me and when he was I
think like 14 or 15 he was involved in
the shooting but he wasn't he was
lookout so the other people in the car
they went in a driveway and they blasted
on point-blank and they ended up ratting
him out and they pointed fingers at him
being the guy that shot the dude when
they went to jail he completely reformed
and he went to fire camp in fire camp is
like this thing in California where
juveniles I think they have a choice
when they're in jail whether or not to
perform community service to lessen
their time and to kind of show that they
were rehabilitated so you did that he
killed it so he got let out early in
five years you start a parole officer
but he didn't pull the trigger so he was
just an accomplice and when he came out
of jail his dad asked my mom if he could
stay with me because he didn't want him
to be in in the same area that they grew
up in and my mom we had like we rented
out extra rooms anyways so we let him
stay with us how about a nice mom yeah
and cuz my mom really liked him and my
mom liked the kid too and then this guy
I think we're not that when he was like
18 I think I was around 13 or 14 and the
part that blew my mind was you can
clearly tell he was reformed so every
single day I would see him wake up and
he would just start studying random
books that we had inside the house and
he would just stay inside it's not like
he knew he fucked up this period of his
life he could have went to high school
but he did it he just really fucked up
and then all my books from Chinese
school he would start taking every
single book into his room and he would
just copy every book like five times and
he would just move
and he ended up passing me in the level
of Chinese that I was at and I was going
to Chinese school so I might dude this
guy is studying really hard on his own
started going to the gym he started
going to Community College he actually
wanted to bribe first cuz he felt like
he couldn't even handle regular College
we went to like DeVry and then after
that he was a no-show I got confidence I
can go to school and they end up going
to SC law school oh wow
completely reformed himself but someone
like him like just being around him I
could clearly tell that I was like dude
this motherfucker is a reform of fun
this is speaking from a
thirteen-year-old part looking at this
18 and I'll do it online
Wow this guy came out of jail in it and
he really really changed and so for this
kid to I don't know like he must have
impressed the motherfucker or something
to get his sentence cut down to five
years bah
I highly doubt that this guy had the
same type of reform that my friend did
wait you knew a girl that did something
similar to our stories you knew of a
girl dude oh and he got manipulated
because of the girlfriend yeah so she
did that whole backstory I dick my
ex-boyfriend did this ninety such a
hassle Bible I don't know is it the
service but she basically said also the
shit to get the dude killed and him and
a bunch of his homies just unloaded on
the dude yeah like he was like a piece
of fucking meat and I heard this through
maxilla I say he's a homie but not he's
not one of those people that I was close
to it was just within that group but she
works at this was twice the amount that
the guys who killed killed the dude so I
was a little bit confused about that
shit only because there was a lot of
witnesses saying like yo she was the one
that like we wanted did all this yeah
like she was a part of providing unless
she was just oh fuck
but a little bit confusing that's so
delightful that's fuckin twisted his
fuck I don't think I've ever hated
anyone enough to plague start plotting
their disappearance from this planet it
was just weird too cuz like I don't even
get that God was that like that
temperamental I think it was just like
he really really liked that girl
so she must like suck his dick really
good or something because she he only
knew her probably at that time for a
couple of months and I just heard that
they just unloaded on like straight-up
like murder style like calm down you
guys are angels because of the
environment that you guys grew up in and
the way you guys turned out I think the
situation was a lot worse than mine I
mean cuz I don't even know people like
all these stories that you guys tell me
like I don't know anyone within my
immediate vicinity or even like like
three people removed of doing shit like
that you know what I think really
overpowers yeah I don't know them though
that's I don't know their story I think
one thing that I think really overpowers
a lot of that kind of stuff is just
having a lot of love in the home so even
though my mom like raised me in a way
that felt like help and I hated my
childhood I had the worst food tea and
the worst clothes to wear I knew from
the bottom of my heart that my mom's
coming from agony like crazy yeah he
loved me the best that hurt a little
retarded mind could you make David weak
every time his legs fucking buckle yeah
and all that to the wall that's good a
little bit a little retarded brain but
because but because of that I have a
really strong like relationship with my
mom and so I love her a lot
right and because of that like the
crimes that I was willing to do as much
as I could hate someone I could never
kill them cuz I can only imagine that
they the love that they have with their
mom cuz you only you only kind of like
empathize what you've been or sympathize
what you've been through right so
because of that I think it's that love
that I've had at home that kind of
overcomes and sets the boundaries of
what I'm willing to do I think like some
of my other homies will come from a
crazy broken home like Janie's I was
talking about I was talking about one of
my homies that shot people when he was
10 yeah you came from a broken like
Cambodian Chucho home they're super poor
so when he was like 19 years old you
started selling weed to make money and
then I think one of the gangs around
here I'm not going to drop the name of
the game but they came and they beat
and then they stole his money why is
that well for protection it's only
natural that I buy a k47
yeah so the next time you saw started
shooting at him and then that started
like a huge like Mexican Asian war when
use 1011 years old and so for people
like that war you come from a broken
home they're just dealing with problems
the way they know how
yeah yeah and so I think like having a
lot of love in a home it really goes a
really long way yeah same for me
even though I didn't have my parents
Hylian like they weren't like super
affectionate or like yeah daughter I'm
so proud of you like all their all their
rules like it made sense to me I'm like
okay I get it I have to be home at a
certain hour because the environments
not cool or I can't hang out with these
neighbors because they're fucking
degenerate or I have to dress a certain
way cuz I don't want the wrong type of
attention or my parents aren't gonna let
me what's a funny or my parent cuz
you're thinking of the little dude I did
mani was eyes five times because I'm
gonna get fun dude there was a drive-by
like every other day on my blog you
should go to her house even right now
and it's clean now that's later their
neighbors they don't give a fuck they
drill a half court in the middle of the
street with a free throw line and they
just roll their basketball court in the
middle of the street when cars have to
use the street lead dog then like what
the fuck for this motherfucking street
is my basketball court don't you fuckin
while that's going on you see like
pregnant thirteen-year-old girls walking
around like yeah dude like all all up
and down the street babies in diapers
without any mom like like on the street
explained almost to where I live it's
like it's like this bridge between
Highland and East LA and it's weird
because you know the neighborhood is
really nice but then you go here you go
up the hill and into this neighborhood
and it dips down and it looks like when
I was like in Mexico doing the Tijuana
trips that's what it looks like oh is
that like a part of El Sereno yes else
trails pretty good Oh what the fuck was
that I scared the fucking shit out
because I got lost and then you were
late at night and it didn't look like LA
one of our barber brigade members he's
like a volunteer for like a El Sereno
like a youth organization and he says
every summer when the kids come back
they'll be missing like a kid or two
those are either dead or who's this
he's 100 members members I'm sorry yes
crazy dude fuck no she's real yeah it's
real out there thank you mom and dad
yeah
having good parents cool dudes really
man like the the environment that I grew
up in
I am very unaware of because my parents
did such a good job of shelter me from
all that shit
thanks mom and dad now look at these
Falls you can do anything we're gonna
shit no I'm just saying that like we
barely stopped and then now everyone
wants to play I want to try up Turk I
want to do it after just careful if you
caught hear the door open you're gonna
hit if are we she's flushing hurry
before she comes out whoa my turn oh one
more oh I missed it Oh Jimmy to enjoy
one more one more
we go ol 103 jus this one no that's
gonna burst no we're still filming we'll
do it when we're done filming with my
baseball fans hold on tips coming out
hurry up she's coming okay my turn to to
to to to to to to to to Jill gosh you're
pretty good you look like you're gonna
work out right now that's Joe did you
even hit in a bottle we went to that
batting cage and Jill is actually pretty
good well cuz used to play baseball
right no I thought you were into it
complain it oh volleyball
we are rolling this I'm filming this
right now Julia your shoes on top of it
wait I still want to hit him I still
want to hit it I think our neighbors
think we're like doing something like
you don't want to hit it David can you
be my kitchen a bit again you know you
can stop oh my god your pants are all
wet just kidding
what happened again don't like all the
badly I'm fucking scared right now
is it hard to stop the follow-through
yeah because you're painting it this way
dude why did you do so no shit wait what
do you mean I'm going to try one I want
to go after
wait Bart what honey just know what I'm
saying I know uh we share that side
we should know this right here go over
here go good different move it not
really hard oh my god guys are scared I
didn't I didn't do it with all I'm not
really hard
I don't do it with all my fight I just
let the bat just coming into it alright
Oh No okay film hey we wanna get
distracted and by the way all of these
hole or my guy hatched up because we
have connect oh my god tractors and I
know a lot of you guys be like
oh my god all right so we're on a lunch
break for JK news and since there's no
windows in that freaking office which is
good for filming and it's good for set
but it just sucks for the mind I think
I've told you guys this a million times
so I'm out here in the parking lot see
in my chair I brought my chair out just
out of here
look at this vampire she's out in the
light so fucking bright outside right
but doesn't it feel amazing Oh long a
bit daylight see I told you she's a
vampire I wasn't talking shit but ah the
Sun just feels so good I love the Sun I
love it so much and unfortunately my
frickin pale pasty ass is it out in it
and all so it kind of makes me sad
I'm gonna enjoy me some rays sorry break
is coming to an end but Julio's hooking
it up with tea brick so that we can all
get a little bit more energy that's
crazy about this Asian team huh always
listening to what you're saying what's
crazy about this Asian style team is
that it's super fucking concentrated is
it black tea or depends right but for
the most part it's black tea uh it
depends on how they mix it but they
usually try to pair the properties with
the proper flavours at their China
properly mix properly together mm-hmm
yeah so it's super concentrated so when
you drink it um it like for me at least
it hits me like instantly I'm like sure
and then there's more the Red Bull more
than Red Bull it's so caffeinated then I
get a headache
I thought caffeinated is for me uh-huh
why is your feet what the hell it's
probably the green pea why is your face
like that I don't know like the doctors
been trying to figure out how handsome
Ethel has been and they don't really
know like how I can be so handsome mmm
interesting yeah so everyone right now
so we get a two hour lunch break and
everyone likes to take advantage of that
two hour and the majority will take a
nap so right now you took a nap right me
yeah hell yeah me having a little nap
I'm so glad that we've been ordering
food to the office because that saves us
like an entire 30 minutes to an hour and
I'm able to knock out for a good 30
minutes to 45 minutes and I feel so much
more refreshed I wish I could have that
ability to just knock out whenever I
want to but I can't many I only drink
black coffee this morning but it and I
was honestly I think you can I think you
can is you just have to the the thing is
like to get to that level there's a
conditioning process and I just think
that the conditioning process is the
hard part so for you that means you have
to when you lay in bed there's no phone
you don't work in you don't work in bed
you have to associate bread bed with
rocking the fuck out and but since your
associate bed with work you associate
bed with texting associate of Instagram
when you close your eyes and you assume
the sleeping position you already
associated your body or condition your
body to still be on the phone but I
think if you can do a month without that
you could probably do it too then maybe
that'll be a goal of mine so that I can
start sleeping I talked about a
completely segregate work like I don't
work in bed and then I'll have to work
somewhere else I don't even work in the
same room that six-phase like that what
like extra cute I don't know how I told
you yeah so uh he took a nap on Gina's
still napping TIFF is still not being
Joe I think his pooping Julia is mid nap
mid work I don't know all right so we
were talking about gluten retrievers for
one of Jake India's articles and at the
end of the topic I just said that golden
retrievers reminds me of the lie that my
mom told me which was when I was in
third grade I really like golden
retrievers imma get your golden
retriever so we go over to a friend's
house I said hey puppies not picking on
a puppy and as it started getting older
I was like this doesn't look like a
golden retriever but my mom says the
golden retriever then i'ma call it a
golden retriever and here's the puppy
his name is Michael you see lo and
behold he's not a golden welcome and he
was cute as shit though so are you you
little so what I really like they call
Michael which is pretty dizzy
that's your market golden retriever what
I really liked about Michael how super
amazing was um when I play with them in
the backyard when it was time for me to
leave he would always put it a little
bit hold on oh this shit won't focus
there you go there you go there's
Michael alright what did you like about
Michael so what I really liked about
Michael is um when I go in the backyard
and play with them he'll know somehow
that I'm gonna leave and you'll put his
little paws like around my foot like
this is for my
and I'll ended up dragging him into the
house oh I would just like like come on
Michael I kind of leave you know just I
just hold on to my pick
Oh cute right the whole time how did
this freaking lady Amy
okay me yeah freaking so Amy uh we were
grew up poor so my mom had to rent out
rooms and one of the rooms rented out to
it was like this old Asian lady named
Amy and she was like very stern and
Michael would bark and she just always
randomly yell at him and I think uh I
think Michael didn't really like her and
one time I went on vacation back to
Taiwan we came back somehow Michael got
loose from the side door he was in the
garage we opened the garage door amy was
like what are you doing that he just
booked it and it's like in the middle of
the night we just came back from the
airport and I'm like Michael no and then
um I thought I'd lost him forever or for
good and three months later we're just
hanging out a living room and uh Michael
comes back and I looked through the
screen door and Michael comes back in
and Amy of course being Amy I come she
runs away again
you never saw him but one a happy story
about Michael is um so I used to be in
charge of feeding Michael dinner at
night and so we had a refrigerator in
the garage and so it would keep the
garage door closed and I'd open the side
door he would come in and that's where I
would feed him so the food we gave him
it looks like like dog food looks like
cocoa pebbles so what I would do is I
would open the refrigerator and to me
look like cereal so I get milk out and I
would fill up his bowl with the cocoa
pebbles and then my mom would end up
going to refrigerator like who the fuck
is taking all of fucking milk her
refrigerator and I was gonna leak and I
was always gonna make them silly of
eating him it's fucking cute I gave him
cereal cereal dog food every day yeah
good dog owner by lady
Oh Jacob party more chicken Marty I'd
like that
Jacob already is terrifying to me
whenever I get that text message
whenever I get a text message saying hey
are you free
yeah on what day on this day all right
yeah man what are we doing jakey a party
like oh I should've just ignored your
text message
oh you don't you don't want to be on TV
it's so fun no it's not fun it's scary
you know what we had to do for one of
the punishments uh there was this burger
tasting thing and then there were five
different fast food burgers and then if
we didn't the three people that didn't
guess that got the most incorrect had to
put the remainder Thor had to put the
five burgers in the blender use coke as
liquid and then drink it oh oh it was
okay into the coke part it was fucking
gross I school it was ooh oh yeah you
walk with me yeah more no weird and
frothy and Oh monsters osseous all right
Dean Thursday mentally prepared I'll let
you know if you have to do anything I
probably want I want you to be surprised
Oh
have a good nine I don't want it I just
don't want to suck anyone's toes I can't
guarantee jack shit some shit's getting
more and more escalate the punishments
are getting crazier because we've done
it all already I want to bring my nose
thing what Oh bring it there's like 26
bring it bring it
let's do it can we heal yeah mom fun
yeah I'll text you later tonight hi baby
hi baby hi baby hi baby my boy my boy
you just dropped your mama's feet hi
cutie pie hi my baby
come here baby good here is you okay I
haven't seen you all day
hi baby mmm funny where's my that's not
funny it's meatloaf this mean of this
funny
heystop so happy to see us
alright what happened alright let's go
outside
come on go outside go outside you know
what that means you gotta go pee boy
just go outside come on
Gopi Gogi Gopi know me love oh there you
go so dark out here oh my goodness
it's a big-ass hole over here at the
closest one Duras meatloaf is gonna I've
been here
damn I wish you guys could see it but
there's big-ass hole right there so
fucking meats mean what is this
sprinkler system that I can see that's
fun and pretty plain you can't see let
me see I'm gonna try to shed some light
here see they're just playing look at
this hole
stop it pygmy loves peeing over there
look at this hole it's not blurry
look at that see that fucking meatloaf
look at that he dug all the way the
tulip freakin piping that's a meatloaf
hole for sure
having trouble focusing
oh my goodness look at all this poop
meatloaf likes to do the girls are good
and they like to poop up on top meatloaf
is new to the program and he likes to
poop at the freaking bottom down here
it's so weird
Oh funnies pooping right now you guys
just saw her poop you poop you little
scumbag hole digger he's gonna do it
there is your welcome guys there it is
let me zoom in for you guys okay let's
go me laughs you got it boy you got it
boy there it is
there you go what the hell that's it
such a big-ass dog that's all you're
gonna do betting right that ain't right
Meat Loaf gotta make sure I'm stepping
in shit let's go let's go inside let's
go inside
geez get no love
they just race go outside the door
closes that was happening
oh that makes sense the doors closed
come here phone brief old on I go in
first eight I go in first
no no chill up no come on
whoo-hoo well thank you
