good morning guys I'm with Nadeem over
here in this freaking cold place there
is no temperature difference between in
the Sun and in the shade and I know you
Midwest people are like very true but
since we're not used to it it's freakin
cold to us and because you just never
see your friends so even when we moved
into downtown Phil from wrong fool is
literally like two blocks away and I
texted okay I'm in you're both live in
South Park now we should hang out and
because you live in LA and it's just so
busy like we're just everybody out and
finally after I think Bradley helped me
I get to hang out with them and I'm also
gonna do a podcast I think I'm a bad
friend because I'm interested in this
logo but I'm gonna do it anyways what's
going on in here oh cool they got a
straight-up room in here
that's Joe oh shit there's a there's
girls learning okay that's that's fun
not a good idea to be on that crease
just a recording girl
learning karate so I'm not gonna do that
hey buddy hey buddy
what's your name what's his name
Roddy Roddy hey rowdy rowdy rowdy what a
good boy what a good boy you got brown
paws in the back you got a brown paw you
got a brown little man yeah what a good
boy a good boy good like a storefront
it's pretty cool
as our zoo culture stuff got a ton of
bottles they got his BM bit hoodies they
got cheese and stuff towels
they got drinks a big old TV they got
more being fit stuff ooh
custom fridge that's pretty cool look at
all these special drinks in here
place is serious that's awesome I like
this place it's really put even got a
little cool little study kick it Center
and then they even have a couch and
post-workout meal hell yeah dude this
place is dope
I like this front part it's really cool
I like the big open layout and
everything is all red and black that's
pretty nice it's probably windy as hell
right now but I don't care because I am
so excited so I was about to scream I
was waiting for Ali to come so I walked
into a karate studio and who do I find
Benny the jet if you don't know who he
is he is old used to do all kinds of
movies a Jackie Chan and he was a former
karate world champion really a really
amazing fighter he's a legend in the
game and I didn't expect to see him that
I was just like checking it out cuz I'm
a big fan of martial arts and stuff I
didn't wanna bust out the camera and
disturb him I took a picture with them
and this will forever be in my memory
because he's like like I don't even know
if it's the right way to say it but you
like a hoist crazy of karate check it
out
this is so cool so I didn't expect to
see them like the girl that the girls
that I saw earlier taking classes from
him so it was so cool to uh meet a
legend and that just made my day
completely it was such an honor to meet
him we're in the middle of Kenny now
stop to hit 315 training with Bradley
also the Dean is filming Kevin Spellman
and we're doing triple video at once we
got the vlog we got for the BBQ Channel
and we got for Bradley
Bradley's Channel and time to get
serious serious time that's a nice butt
huh
can't even get a full workout with
gravity look how famous this guy is
we're training and all of a sudden like
Douw weird guy over there I was always
trying to keep an eye on the customers
this guy is always there like this
talkative people some people want to
take pictures with them so so famous
that he can't even train for reals
dude that's this is a children's show
man the nest race is not all telling
people art I do i why so racist
me too I'm like no do you like stinky
tofu tofu yeah how many's ultra-chic a
fake stop please
all the one works like a half bookstore
yeah which are talking about there's a
lot of really nice place nice negative
which was that Oh
Elite yeah yeah always checking up on
the customers for always know they came
to a meeting
you're so famous hey I'm gonna give you
a compliment
yes I think you're the modern-day Arnold
Schwarzenegger she ate that cuz you got
charisma you're jacked and you're
handsome I think you're killing it on
social media there's a lot of a lot of
buff guys are boring why do you think
that is I think the blood gets drained
from their brain trainee nose I need to
be here yeah yeah I got personality
yeah so I could train my personality
yeah
whoo not like the picture that you can
Garfield yeah I'm gonna cut that
everyone loves don't say something
racist to bear oh you got ron jeremy ron
jeremy some of the big dick hurry up
hurry up and answer so to get food
you're the bar today
Bart Quan cousin Oh original thank you
you are you a shrink you thank you I
support all right that's a good question
why is the thumbnail call the thumbnail
what if we could use the thumbnail in
the thumbnail look our fingernails but
why is the picture called a thumbnail
no there's no they you know they before
it was wasn't people oh yeah thumbnail
no thumbnail in the family oh yeah
that's perfect
why did they come now yeah why is it not
tornado honey why is it not tall now
girls are yucky bro cuz you don't swipe
with your toes yeah yeah we ask toenails
you had a sucky before what's called a
thumbnail like you use desktop YouTube
you didn't use your thumbs you just use
a cursor oh yeah it's been thumbnails
for a long time yeah um now we're about
to get lunch yeah
and we're riding and Bradley's g-wagon
okay it's rented this is the first time
I've ever been in a G Wagon so I had to
document this so I know the first time
I've ever been in one so we're gonna
take this one step at a time
opening the door with the but hold on I
shouldn't be here do what is that what
are those flaming hot cheetos I dive
into fitness this is nice wow these beds
is this like the heaters and like
ventilation and all stuff yeah I think
if there's a heat your butter cools your
buddy Dave casting is nice how do you
fucking fit your big ass in here
well they see these buttons here you can
adjust oh you know just receive or
please why bossing me around all the
time I don't even ought to use this all
there this yeah this is tight what made
you want to choose this guy or your
other two options that you're
considering at the time I don't have any
other ones you just knew it's gonna be
the G Wagen yeah because I always kind
of wanted one so no Range Rover know
like Hummer none of that stuff I wanted
this you just knew now I will say one
thing as far as cars yeah I'm not as big
of a car guy as most people yeah and if
I go back into I would do it again but
like there's better things you can spend
your money I think in terms of cars or
just in general general okay not not for
ya not in terms of cars no yeah but like
cuz I'm not as in the cars as like
some people yeah yeah and looking back
now I be like cuz the cost of this car I
might as well like buy another gym yeah
yeah yeah yeah I get you I gotta feel
the same way like so after I got the
portion also got the Audi I kind of got
the nice car bug out of my system
yeah and I have my truck still and I
like that truck just as much as I like
and it's just the trunk is like a
regular car and so like what's the
quality time we're getting today
oh it's lost time the DM I was like you
know I actually want to get one of those
great pants
oh right bad yeah like Dora those yeah
yeah but then you can lift it and they
have them without windows and you put a
mattress in there anything like sleep in
it and turn it like this
my brother literally exactly what you're
saying he has he's building he lives in
his van yeah but you can make it so like
I got outdoor beasts like apocalypse I
like shit our fucking dance then yeah
yeah so I want to do that it's just that
we'll never fit in any LA parking
structure but if I had a house that was
big enough I can just have spare cars
parked around I probably just build that
nap or if I lived in the hole see yeah
then I wouldn't need any other crime
yeah I like weird stuff no I dig it I
totally dig it actually after I saw my
brother do and I was like I might do
that
yeah but then I'm like man what were you
I think is you can drive anywhere to
park it live
cuz I got region there like yeah
electrical stuff so you could have like
a little stove all kinds of stuff yeah
that's like a Wi-Fi thing so if you want
to have the Internet
yeah crazy man like if people build
those out seriously yeah all I was
saying is as far as cars like like you
said you got the bug out of your system
yeah completely get there like and just
so people I'm not saying not go and get
your car your dream car do it but it's
not always what you think is gonna be it
is for like six months to a year yeah
yeah yeah yeah they're like doesn't
really matter yeah any other like I'm
cool just gonna go buy a truck your
truck and that's it but then I saw Tesla
come out with her oh my god so that idea
went out the window my god get that coop
now bro
that is that thing looks amazing you
gotta drop 50 G's just to secure your
spot on like 2020 or so yeah we did it's
pretty crazy I would do it yeah it's
pretty nice didn't mean do the whole
thing to you the whole idea is doing
brother possibly predicted yeah my Elon
Musk's supporter Hawk he's like he's
like the modern-day like
modern day when we modern days like the
real Iron Man yeah yeah Tony Stark shut
up yeah anyway I think that dudes me
yeah I would love to be good yeah me too
about to get some fuck were you gonna
get in that's me do you even know what
that is what is it
it's a Vietnamese subway my family get
one of these spring rolls and you gotta
get five for sure
Oh Oh badly yeah and I'm probably gonna
get extra meat but I always need extra
well why can't we get two dishes I'm
pretty hungry
oh that's true stupid question
I guess I'm meeting the poor by myself
well I'm gonna get two dishes i'ma get
the cardboard pork and I'm gonna get a
fun internet soda Chand a the ice
lemonade
I'm gonna get that thing so these guys
came out I love these guys because it's
a pretty low calories just shrimping
there's a ton of veggies which helps you
poop yeah shrimp our veggies and you got
dip in the sauce the palm healthy it's
pretty healthy yeah it's how they got
fried hey Wilson
yeah I love it
relax t-that's for the - oh my god
little Dean you took out all your sexual
frustration on that sauce dude it's good
it's good on ya I love this good Oh
would you say I missed it what do you
say would you get Bradley I could this
myself oh yeah yeah you really talented
it's cause they look like do your self
buck erasers what's more racist the
person that said the offensive does not
laughing enjoy it thank you
oh yeah we're having a straight feast up
in here I think everyone fuck everyone
got more than once I did I got the
grilled pork for extra protein at that
Bradley got the hardest chicken Danny
also got the deme got chicken burn me
and hole skip hell yeah
this is awesome
I got to help this broadcast for Bradley
it's a pretty dope letter here's all
these mic and headphones and we got
someone mixing legit what a long day
finally just got home at 7:20 can't wait
to see the wifey can't wait to see her
baby but had a productive day though we
shot a video for barbell Bradley shot a
video for his channel 8 connected did a
podcast for like 2 hours it was awesome
and now I have to go to a Wong foo party
with my bear and to do a little bit more
hanging out and stuff and but I'm gonna
call it right here today for the vlog I
would bring you guys along except I
don't see them not often and sometimes I
feel like it's good and healthy for me
to just live a regular life you know
like not always always be on social
media and always thinking of film and
just connecting as humans you know just
to balance it out so I don't want to
bust out a camera there cuz it's just
gonna it always brings up a different
type of energy you know and since I
don't see him that often I don't want to
constantly bring it out so call it here
see you guys tomorrow
peace
