I just got off a one-hour phone
conference with our manager Jesse and
also our lawyer because we're trying to
renegotiate this deal as we've been
working on for like the past couple of
years and in the beginning when we first
signed into this deal we thought you get
a really good deal through asked around
the marketplace and asked around some of
our friends in the same space of the
same industry and we had a much better
deal than a lot of people and then we
started working with Jesse who was our
current manager now he works with some
really top level talent and me her our
deals I do your deal should be better
and we're like oh shit that's crazy
how much better and he told us some
numbers and long story short we could be
making an extra a hundred or 200 K a
year as a company and that's when we're
like oh shit like maybe we did get
dicked around with this deal and so we
hired a lawyer and this lawyer works for
it it's pretty funny it worked he works
for Master P and also uh trick daddy and
a few other uh southern rappers but he's
a super proper like mid-sixties white
guy so when I first like talks on what I
hate who else do you represent
and it's like well I represent P some
people call him master P but I'm not
gonna call him master and also of
homicide and trick daddy and it was
really funny to one it was funny that
this super proper like white Jewish guy
would represent these hip-hop artists
but - it was crazy to be like oh shit
like when we first thought was you know
there's a stigma like a lot of people on
YouTube or even people that view YouTube
they view youtubers I like at this level
and then there's like actual quote
unquote like TV film
musicians celebrities right and you does
rejoice like there's discrepancy but as
time has passed the YouTube level is
slowly starting to itch our way up and
now we're sharing pretty much the same
staff like our current manager he has
worked on getting Queen Latifah the
covergirl deal Sofia Vergara got another
deal so he's been working with like some
top-level celebrities could used to also
work at an agency and now that he works
for us this is really cool I never in a
million years would I have ever thought
that we would be able to progress and
kind of like inch our way into like this
like I don't know like the works learn
because celebrity to me it just means
like how famous you are but I guess the
type of impact of influence that we have
I had never thought that being in like
the digital space or like okay YouTube
you'd be able to have the same type of
impact that a lot of these are not aka
but like be so-called legitimate
celebrities now by nowadays for like PR
campaigns they'd rather bring someone
like superwoman or Dietrich's out
because they're gonna bring more people
and more eyes on like a Taco Bell
commercial or a Taco Bell campaign then
bringing out like a traditional actor
and I'm like dude this is really really
cool and while we were talking on this
phone conference because Jesse's older
than us and so is our lawyer obviously
when I kind of like just take a step
back and I look at the whole situation
on my do we are adults now you know like
we were we're not just kids and a lot of
times like as you're progressing they're
kind of just trying to grow your passion
and grow the company that's something
that you kind of lose sight of we're
just kind of fun on the shoe JK news JK
party - he films every day I go work out
you're in a barber gate but when you
slow things down
get these in a very objective
perspective Bardo brigade is a chin it's
a legit gym with 400 members it's 24
hours a day and me and Geo own it it's a
brick-and-mortar gym and then we look at
just King films just getting news we
have a set that's a legit studio that's
a production set it's a production we're
a production company and then the
conferences that we have that sounds
like we're just talking about you know
like negotiating you know but these are
actual phone conferences that we're
doing some adult shit like yeah are our
baby our day-to-day activity it seems
like play but if you really look at it
we're running a production company and
we're filming content and it's amazing
to see kind of like the journey that
we've had you know a lot of times we're
just doing stuff day to day when I film
stuff working out at bar ball
I'm just thinking of it okay we got to
film a workout you know people want to
follow their journey they want to see
what I'm training they want to see if
there's any tips or any insights I can
share but what that really is we're
creating marketing videos for barbell
Brigade apparel and so whenever you
start to look at things objectively it's
like man we're actually doing some big
shit and it's it's humbling to see that
cuz I don't I don't see myself as that
you know like I don't know I don't think
I'm the CEO or on the bus or I'm
whatever I just feel like hey these are
some ideas I have and I think will be
really fun and then I have a bunch of
friends that I get to do it with and
it's not until I slowed down around my
dude we are CEOs shit's crazy huh so now
I'm gonna eat my lunch that I've brought
like two hours ago but I just haven't
been able to eat it because as soon as I
got in we jumped on the phone comments
but now I get to eat my later sandwich
earlier today KC texted
and he told me he just rented a full
runner and hindmilk Casey's been wanting
at 400 for a while and he's even
planning on getting one maybe within
this year or the next year he's gonna
get one soon and so I was really excited
because we've been talking about 420
they're like the TRD pro because already
hooked up
let's go off-roading and I told them
that I would love to go off-roading
that's the reason why I got the Tacoma
and I even considered a raptor at one
point and before I had another Tacoma I
have another panel I've had a lot of
lifted vehicles already but I never
really had any off-roading friends and
now that Casey is really close to being
on the market for it off-road vehicle I
guess I'm having a number-one off-road
buddy number two a camping buddy and we
like barbecuing so what better thing to
do that we go camping and barbecue at
the same time but Casey is really smart
because he found this website where it's
kind of like the air B&B of cars where
you can just rent a car and then you
just show up at their house and you rent
their car and it's called turtle dock
console
I might actually look into this and even
rent a Raptor for a few days and see how
I like that compared to my current car
but anyways here is the car that Casey
rented it's a black 4runner sr5 trim
with the smoked tail lights and Casey is
also shooting Isaac because he's gonna
be driving because he just got his
license the other day we are you gonna
take us to Isaac
Monterey Park where symchay's Gumi Wow
look at this interior it's tan how do
you like it
oh yeah that's exactly it's called the
phone whatever's
a camera yeah Wow look how nice it is it
has the tan leather inside it has even
has the moonroof Dan this one is hooked
up look you see the moon roof up there
Isaac it's hooked up you're gonna turn
it on Dino how what how do you know how
you've been stealing cars Isaac you've
been stealing cars oh so beautiful thank
you thank you that's such a cool app
yeah we try to create like a creative
vibe in there I love it where you did
your news yeah cool huh - they got hook
to your all your videos they're always
on it they watch it they really like it
that's awesome awesome thank you so much
see you again have a good day this is
just like a little tripod stuff okay so
that's Moe he's our manufacturer our
Brigade stuff and I guess he stopped by
to meet with herand to show him some new
clothing samples and to check out our
new office and I think he really really
likes it but back to the car once again
it's the sr5 trim can you unlock the
front door Isaac for me do you know how
we're so smart just figure it out like
it's nothing
Danny look how roomy it is back in
there's a third row seat in the back
there's three roles Isaac
other's cars si what you keep
I can't keep this one but hopefully
we'll buy something that looks just like
how do you like a case it's awesome
actually uh double it's awesome because
it actually dries unlike what I thought
I Japanese car would drive like yeah oh
yeah there's 10/10 to have or like
Toyotas Honda's all those economic
Japanese cars
I'll have it very light like like very
what do you call it
it feels light it feels cheap just have
a hollow yeah hello yeah like the gas
pedal is that you just it doesn't take a
whole lot of force to press into it yeah
the steering wheel doesn't take a whole
lot of force to turn it and stuff yeah
but this thing with at the moment I got
you on the wheel Mike went forward I
like whoa I have to put some muscle into
everything just to get keep it just to
get it moving forward you know yeah and
the more I drove it I was like dude like
I love the ruggedness it could be tough
like you can be rough with their driving
yeah and it feels like the car can just
take anything you know and like I've
never driven a larger car before I've
always driven likes to dance and stuff
and so
definitely just being taller like all
that the whole revelation of just being
in a different type of vehicle
altogether was like yes it feels so
great I can like see eye to eye with
trucks and out before yeah you feel so
small you're like well there's a truck
next to me get away from this yeah you
feel like you're like being towered over
by like some larger things he just threw
sandwich yeah yeah now I'm like seeing
eye to eye with them like I'm looking
over like smaller car that's awesome
see it's awesome you don't even mind
sitting in traffic because you're just
like you're just chillin yeah great yeah
like I was saying like the TRD pro
it's our five with the charger bro I'm
really interested is because I actually
it's like it lifted by the by Toyota
yeah and like
it's like it has like the shocks on our
hands old Bilstein Bilstein it has all
the postage shocks it in whatever like
it's just designed for you to go
off-roading yeah from the factory oh
yeah yeah it comes out looked up yeah oh
man me bar could be like me we could be
20 because he's got the tundra I recall
month but you got to come down and you
know I'm gonna get the like Tori other
twins going off-roading you can't be
together you're gonna leave the Toyota
Toyota team join the 14 now maybe after
rent or Raptor first well the only
reason so I really like I actually
really like the Tacoma it's perfect for
me when I Drive but as a recent I have a
lot of big ass friends because of just
like the fitness community that I'm in
and the last time I try to go somewhere
with them it was charming from caffeine
and kilos silent mic asylum mic is like
5 10 to 20 and he's always kind of thick
Charlie is 6 3 8 9 82 40 and for him for
us to like strategically sit in the same
car Charlie had to be in the front seat
he's 63 and then for him to fit we had
to scoot him all the way back but the
problem with that is now silent mic was
behind them is now completely squished
and he still needs space and Joe is
behind me and she's 511 and she has long
legs so the car like looking at the
inside it just look fucking stupid like
everyone is this like in the most
awkward position and we drove I think
about hour and a half to go shooting
together you check out that vlog we're
shooting together it's already uploaded
and it was just the most the most
uncomfortable car ride every bump we hit
you here for people screaming because
all four people heads I get the roof of
a douche so like I was like fuck just
for my like the reason I got but the
coma so I can do off-road and outdoor
stuff with my friends but it doesn't
really
some of the friends I have but it fits
perfectly for me like if I was single
for sure I would just with no friends I
would try to do the Cobra drivers are
losers or if I don't like you know what
like JK people fit and it's a coma
perfectly when you're like we don't work
out yeah yeah like when you were in
there like Jo like we can go places like
we went to supply a tip was in the back
everything was normal and as soon as I
changed modes from Jake aids a barbell
Brigade friends all of a sudden it's
like I'm in like a Fiat or something
yeah how does this compare to the Jeep
that you drove in Hawaii
wait better it's like it's way better
than your Jeep in Hawaii that we
test-drove just because it's obviously
way roomier and the cabin space like the
G I don't know why they made it this
lipid icky literally feels like you're
antacid an on the inside like it's zero
there's not a whole lot of legroom for
the back people and even in the front
like you just feel like you have to like
kind of scoot your sheriff like up
against the steering wheel just to kind
of get the proper amount of space ratio
to like all the passengers and stuff
yeah yeah just doesn't
the windshield of Jeeps like it's like
burnt completely vertical now yeah it's
like you have a lot of wine blind spots
with that no with this though it's just
I'm it's just a lot more it makes a lot
more sense yeah I remember getting the
back of a jeep like I was really excited
about jeeps two before I got the Durango
and when we sat in the Jeep at the Jeep
dealership I was like dude this thing is
smaller than Joe's Corolla like in the
backseat yeah I'm like there's no way I
could fit people it's just four lug
those four doors it's pretty much done
excuses to throw four doors on it really
is just a two seater and it didn't
excuse there are four doors on and then
also take those four doors off yeah
that's one cookie about a Jeep though
you could take the doors off the look
that you can achieve with the Jeep does
look fucking sick it looks like an urban
assault off-road maniac vehicle a
bulletproof I don't know why the call it
be bulletproof but you have no doors but
it looks fucking cool and it's hard to
cheat that with any other car but I
think practicality wise and especially
if Casey is a family man taking care of
Isaac and TIFF I think 4runner is a
little bit more practical
oh yeah gradually I was telling my boy I
was saying I'm ready to graduate to
daddy 'mobile this is a really cool
daddy movie although it is it's actually
pretty especially with the rims they put
on I get it look really good gangster
yeah cuz they're and they smoke the
lights too it's definitely doing that so
everything looks all blacked out it
looks hella good even the front lights
got smoked what's your favorite thing
about the car so far just the way it
drives
I haven't explored the card that much
man
about four more days to kind of play
around with it yeah I mean right off the
bat I mean just the stick just the way
it feels and you drive it like the
highlight so far yeah too bad the wheels
are like rims so you can't really go
off-roading and get a good feel of it
yeah because because there's 24 inch
rims on it but it's really hard to gauge
how how smooth the rides can be yeah
because it's now it's just and you can
feel every like sort of like grain in
the concrete right there cos low-profile
tires - yeah
not a big fan of that but I mean it
definitely cool yeah I mean I'm a time
after the TRD pro so that's the machine
I mean isn't like it there's more
there's like they've beefed up the
engine too as aside from the suspension
or isn't so the TRD pro 4runner to my
knowledge I know it has increased lift I
think I like the inch or two above their
normal one their normal sr5 one and it
has to build steam shocks so it's made
for off-roading and it dampens the bumps
and rode really well as slightly bigger
tires and very unique signature rims I
think it also comes with the TRD muffler
so has a good throaty sound in the back
I'm not too sure what it they did to the
engine but I know and also the fabric on
the inside it's it's their own custom
material oh yeah yeah yeah it's old
custom material it feels like leather
but it's meant to be like stain
resistant because it because they
because they're trying to make it like
this camping off-road vehicle so if you
get dirt you could just like wipe it off
easy so it's a really really cool
vehicle yeah so I think now now that I
saw this and the fun that Casey's been
having I think I have to rent a raptor
now to make sure that I know that
whatever truck I'm getting it is at
right now or the future after that me
you guys might see me in a raptor what's
happening Bart
earlier today I fucked up and while I
was dead lifting I went to him and I
didn't maintain form and I pulled my
lower back and before I had sciatica and
so it's like a back spasm but then it
pinches your nerves I was shooting pain
and that was on my right side now I have
it on my left side and it feels like a
precursor to sciatica it's just a spasm
in the lower back right now and any time
the lifting make sure you lift with
proper form and thanks a lot better and
since I did it I have to pay the price
like any time you lift and you get
injured it's pretty much your fault
either you chose weight that's way too
heavy or you lift with good form as
you're falling or you were paying
attention
this time it's my fault so my first four
sets while I was lifting since I just
came off a deal owed me my got to plan
to set my break my body wasn't moving
like as explosively and as aggressively
like how I usually wanted to and then so
on the first floor says I'll just like
do to my how come I'm like moving like
such a freakin loser so in my last and
I'm like this is my last step I gotta go
ham and I hold it I did good but on the
way down I cut I kind of anticipated it
touching the floor but it didn't even
touch the floor yet and I kind of just
ripped it again and that's when I felt
it tweak but then since I was already in
the motion my last trip I did the same
thing but though as soon as I dropped
away my lower back
I felt finished a workout is the
strongest I've ever been so I'm really
close to my goal so I just was really
careful for the rest of my workout but I
might now kind of do as much as I can
already scheduled a physical therapist
appointment on Wednesday about the close
thousand earliest one but this year like
I promised myself I wanted them left
over 600 I want to swap over five so I'm
doing whatever I can to kind of heal
this and make sure I can still
accomplish those goals but this is the
home remedy this is everyone noses
Salaam bus or a geophone the style on
bass I don't know if that's the Mexican
enunciation but this is eco bite at
Costco and it's kind of like a tiger
balm patch you feel better already
no it takes a lot of heat up but
that's our Leah Remini I was like
swarming around was on my shop oh I can
delete that fast right now I'm just kind
of like it's kind of stiff yeah yeah be
careful kids don't go for a new record
so then when you're filming the movie
yeah the good thing about making the
movie which we are doing more research
on 21 Jump Street right now the whole
thing about when we film the movie is
I'll probably be completely off policy
that we have a lot of action scenes so
I'll probably do it a lot of more
flexibility mobility type stuff and
working on my endurance so I can do
action sequences over and over and over
again a lot of endurance type stuff and
also a lot of body building so I could
stay looking good for camera so that's
kind of cool where I probably won't have
to be pushing my body to its limits like
the way probably does finally back home
after a long day's work I sound like a
dad I'm so freakin tired after me and
Casey met I answered about 40 30 or 40
emails and now my brain is completely
exhausted you know you know I was
telling you guys that after I meet with
Casey like on a creative meeting for the
feature film my brains already fried so
after that I had to switch to business
gears with my brain and then some of
those emails that I answer they're like
some of them are discussions or creative
input brain storms sometimes they're
renegotiations and a lot of those emails
it can easily take 30 minutes per email
to give a proper response and my brain
has just been fucked up and flipped
upside down like 20 times because when I
came in today I had the phone conference
which is business and then I meet with
Casey which is creative in between I
have to answer a few of our Bell Brigade
questions Joe just comes over into my
office asking me a few things that's
creative and then at the end of the day
switch back over to business so my brain
is constantly switching and that's like
left left brain right brain left brain
right brain constantly just switching
back and forth so I'm glad I'm finally
home and I'm home before 11:00 it's
around 10 o'clock right now so what I
think I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna
chill out watch some TV
we're like 30 minutes to an hour and
then kind of hang out with mama bear
because sometimes like our days
literally as soon as we wake up we're
like action action action action action
action we come home knock out we don't
even get time to like spend any like a
quality time together and I think like
but yeah sometimes we are working with
each other but the way we're speaking to
each other is so objectively like we're
coworkers that we don't really get to
bond and have that quality time so when
we come home and I like being able to
spend time in a little cuny bear bed
like this is something we really cherish
it really enjoy just laying in bed and
you know not talking about business or
anything and just kind of basking in
each other's presence and the cool thing
is I am a little bit hungry and I still
have some macros to fill I have some
proteins out to eat so I have brought
these from the office some BBQ quest
chips and a peanut butter protein bar so
I can eat those so I can keep my protein
time.i my fat loss has been going pretty
good so far
I'm 219 so I'm down nine pounds in about
two months so I've been losing about a
pound a week which is really good
because I want to maintain my strength
which I have so just to be able to
maintain my strength and still lose a
pound a week I think I'm on a good track
but I did kind of fuck up by hurting my
back today so I got to be a little bit
more careful and not fuck around so much
but that's it for today I'll catch you
guys next time peace
I was looking cute
