by
the rats are bigger now I'm with my
sister and her dog it's the first thing
that she's here and we don't quite know
meatloaves temperament I think this
might be his first time at the beach too
I don't think he's fond of it yet
good boy meatloaf
that's trying to have meatloaf get used
to
look at they're playing with each other
good job
how's he how do you how do you think
he'll do a half of a leash and why is he
on a leash I'm not sure yet but the
reason why's on a leash it's all dollars
everyone at the office
one time David's assistant Danielle
brought a little puppy in and he smelled
her and just bit into her as if he was
food not even like two dogs meeting and
shaking hands and doing the usual ritual
and smell each other's ball he just
immediately smelled it all zon oh cool
that's pizza and fit into her because of
that I'm kind of scared because he won't
have any warning signs like other dogs
and other dogs Amy and I go do I like
you do you like me and if they don't
like each other they might fight but
there's a lot of warning signs for him
if he few small dogs has food all he's
seen our little hamburgers and hot dogs
running around and because of that I'm
scared that I won't be able to see a
warning sign prevent an accident
happening so right now I'm just kind of
watching him trying to get him to norv
all the stimulus to let them know this
is a dog beach the note there's no
hamburgers national hot dogs and
feel comfortable upon that I'm going
also if I wear I'm out and I got to
outrun him yeah yeah well my could
intercept them smart papa watch here
how's your foot
so earlier when we try to meet Rosie
which is Jill sister's dog with meatloaf
meatloaf he's actually really strong
when I was coming down the stairs he
pulled me really hard because he was so
you gonna meet Rosie and then when I
came down on my foot on a piece of
concrete and it tore off in the middle
of him meeting Rosie
I just heard doglike snarling and
growling and stuff so I didn't uh I just
wanted to break it up so I immediately
got Neil up by the neck and I just
tossed them and I brought fun I tossed
her too just to break it up and try to
create distance but as he came the lunge
back I think he must took my half even
though it's all for like a koala or
something and so I have my two welts
right here and then I have a big asphalt
like right here ah
but actually my whole cat massive mouth
right now but at first one look down
I'll expect
it's still driving it's like two hours
later no one really did anything to make
my calf feel better or make my heart
feel better it's just seems like I'm
just like married by myself I don't have
a wife or something
why are you here sorry meatloaf I wish I
could take you off a leash and sorry
papa when we get home I'm gonna spoil
you okay
I just was busy getting stuff out I
didn't even hear anything I would have
ran out if I knew there was some stuff
happening thank you you're welcome
give me a kiss right now on camera they
all know that everything's good hi are
you having fun you little loser
there's my little niece Elan playing
with Rosie in the water
girl Rosie
Papa trying to train him funny go Eric
skin what are you doing go play you
little loser diva status please
damn you little diva can you go play I
made it worse because I bought her that
yeah I've got a goin on she you cute
baby you baby
just this our first time at the beach
too
look at Aulani stretched
Oh
where's the ball hey you bad saw you
running with him and kind of getting him
tired what are you thinking now walk it
up up and down the beach they don't see
all the little other puppies that are
round kind of get them used to it
and then I would get closer and closer
to another dog see how you would react
and if I see any sign of aggression I'd
pull them away the only thing that's
kind of tricky about him too is
preferred as a stand up so with other
dogs I noticed like especially at Tyson
and Vaughn like a dip there at feeling
it oh good and you're like oh shit okay
there's a warning sign before him he
just kind of opens his mouth any bite
stuff so I'm just kind of watch watching
him a little bit I think a little bit I
might try to uh just let go of the leash
and it's not a one around stay really
close to um that's mark but if I need to
I saw him used to grab onto and I'll
just take it baby steps at a time fine
bonds behind you playing with little she
was really friendly oh really
oh there's a fight there's a fight
that's what that's what good owners do
right there they just intervene yup and
then they just know what happens so
everyone's really good that's the only
thing you got to worry about at dog
Beach is sometimes some
misunderstandings happen between them
you just got to interview in a real
quick before it gets a little before it
gets way too escalated and there's a
fatality
over there
yeah I didn't know she loved the water
that much
gather cool now they're chillin they're
really cuckoo this is a neutral I know
you want all your so bad you little
better
look at that look at that guy
go Brittany go look at Ricky saying
what's up again with the dog up there
you see the dogs up there
so happy which one
hi honey hi baby you having fun huh
funny having fun
you big baby you big bozo
go fuck oh fuck oh
he looks not too fun come here it's not
fond of the water yet
so we got those little detectors the
tiles and it says it's water-resistant
so that doesn't mean waterproof so I'm
pretty sure that that little tile thing
doesn't work anymore I'm pretty sure
look at that guy
look at that guy he's so little please
every part I was like I where's Rosie Oh
Rosie start with my little niece
they're both having a really good time
hi lon
she's so feuless to get into the water
she's awesome
Wow my niece is awesome I'm a little
bitch come here measles
hi boy
slopes up a bunch of water so he gets
him here so he's slower father anywhere
to run I can catch up something
he's really big
funny what you through you alright baby
Oh Ricky's just sit in the shade the
whole time yes
sorry meaty we just got to get used to
you first I was telling them that I
think the tile because it's
water-resistant not waterproof oh it's
all right it doesn't have to
it's alright I have to trust him
I think he's been in the water already a
long time
but
are you having fun did you think you
were gonna get in the water this much
now you are are you like damn it it
should listen to my Thea and I should
have got some shorts how does it feel
having wet jeans pretty yucky
there goes me though oh that's good
that's good got me nervous a little bit
did you ever think have you ever been to
a dog beach before
when you think of this one a dog
probably put their feet wherever you're
playing
other than that there you go that's not
really better
or Papa stressing out
you big cutie pies both of you look at
this picture
I love
okay
who is well thank you
Hey look so ridiculous meatloaf you look
crazy
crazy are you happy
like koala it's like sweat won't suffice
in there
so Bart keeps telling my sister that
she's about to eat twice Chihuahua and a
whole bunch of other dog breeds she's
excited
where's this be
it's very fatty it's gonna be really
soft and very to see what happened first
what hurts
yeah I'm sorry what are you wearing papa
my chipmunk outfit big bozo you have a
nice butt thank you
what are you talking about right now
would you say you wish what I just
wished that um we have a daughter like
Lonnie cuz she's so awesome she's number
one she's very sweet but she's very
loving and she also really stands up for
herself I remember like one time we went
to go visit one of her sisters kids at
the elementary school and then uh I
think he was laying on the floor why not
her biological kid either though no yeah
but he was laying on the floor I getting
Punk'd and then Lonnie comes in and
saves the day so that was pretty kandi
oh yeah at their house yeah that's funny
she's just just tough she's a badass she
knows what she likes and then she likes
dancing right now so it's always cool to
like see kids um I get creative and get
into the arts cuz that's kind of like I
feel like at school they have a hard
time getting to express themselves
because it's hard to be like you know
what I feel so I feel so multiplication
today you know like you can't it'sit's
their vernacular is not there yet either
it's so like restrictive cuz you're
learning shit yeah the arts
it's like regardless of what level
you're at you can express you know you
can suck at dance but you can just learn
the two-step anything to step like how
you want to and then when you start
learning crazy shit you can start
krumping how you wants if you want to
start like pop locking star pop locking
how you want to and so it's just cool to
see her dance and like that's just her
natural colony every time she can touch
danced around yeah I really really like
her I think what's really sweet about
her I mean there's multiple things but
the sweetest thing is when she was
explaining how her and hers just
stepsister got in a fight and then her
stepsister had her by the throat and she
knew she could take her but then she's
like I don't want to hurt her but then
when little stepsister was like what
you're gonna cry now
she's all right let me check you real
quick and then she quit
we flip the script on her had her
against the wall against the neck and
then she's like no you need to stop
that's dog so much self self control
dude
yeah missus is pretty awesome I didn't
want to feature too much in this because
I know she feels weird so every time I
could I would just sneak her in so yeah
whatever you saw my sister that's about
as much as you're gonna get cuz she's
very shy she's not very used to our
world
let me to kill it's a reenactor sister
if you want okay
go no you gotta talk to me I'll reenact
that I don't know Marty how is it that
you have such amazing kids we just got a
fucking like tell y'all little
motherfuckers whoa so yeah like cheer oh
you got it was fuckin you know like you
got a fuck up lay your hand down like
you can't let the water lay your hand
out you gotta fuckin tell the little
motherfuckers that they have to fucking
respect their mother she doesn't talk
like that I remind you fired no what no
she um look how big these eyes were
compared to my old mine too no she's a
great role model in terms of mothering
yeah
like she was talking about how her son
my nephew Ethan he's super smart right
like he's taking AP physics and he's uh
he's old 16 I think he thinks like 16
yeah so he's 16 and he's in all these AP
classes he's super brainy super smart
visitors like it's very sincerely -
she's like sound so proud of you
I understand half of the shit that
you're doing and I'm so sorry I'm so
ignorant I can't even help you but damn
I'm so proud of you know she was like
she was like oh don't use the accent I'm
my fucking ignorant but life fuck well I
have a smart son I'm so fucking proud of
him man like he fucking knows that shit
if I had a stupid son I don't know what
to do I kind of fucking help them she
like sorry son I can't help you sorry
she's so good she was saying one of the
coz I'm like how do you raise you know
great children she's like
never had to hit them so she's like um I
think she disciplines them with her mind
and not to say like she's got Jedi Mind
Tricks or whatever but she's she's very
smart yeah um so she's saying one of the
things that she learned from raising
kids is dinner time is super important
she's like you need to unplug I love
that you confiscate phones including
yourself because as adults you know our
kids are sponges so everything we do um
they're mimicking it whether we like it
or not so she takes her own phone away
she takes their phone away and then they
have dinner time turn everything off and
they talk and she goes in it's as simple
as tell me about your day and then she
says and in that you get to know them as
people you get to know them you get to
know who their friends are and they just
she says they sing like a canary they
tell you everything and they don't even
realize that they're like ratting people
out she's like it's the best shit ever
yeah that's awesome yeah like she keeps
it super real your sister is such a good
mom yeah she's great um and and she says
you can't you can't try to sugarcoat
shit because kids are really smart so
you got to be upfront with them so um my
niece Lani
she just started whatever she just
started her period like two months ago
and I was like oh like that's so good
that you talk to her she's like yeah
she's been prepped for years now like
anytime they have a question I just lay
it out to them very factual ly and I
tell him how it is like they they need
to know everything so she talks about
vagina she talks about penis and it's
very objectively she knows what com is
and and I remember at her age that all
that stuff was taboo for me so when I
would hear it I'd be like oh so I would
laugh like a fucking loser but now she's
you know learning about it and her
classmates are me in the past and
they're laughing she's like bro grow up
that's so mature like this is gonna
happen to you this happens to girls
there's no reason for you to be giggling
or being grossed out by it like its
nature yeah she's pretty awesome she is
awesome
yeah she made me look forward to having
kids she's like no matter what you do in
life there's nothing gonna be more
amazing than raising a life because you
know she's like think about it it's the
best parts of you are going into this
creature for this child and then the
best parts of your husband okay Bart are
going into
she's like that's so amazing that's a
positive way of looking at it because
sometimes it could be the worst parts to
and you just don't know oh I didn't even
think about that I don't want hopefully
oh I don't want kids I don't think about
that
sorry we're gonna have kids in there lip
no if I say no you can't you know I just
noticed you know I just noticed what
mine has hair on top I don't think yours
does what does it oh it's not part of my
character super cute
who's chipping Rosedale your chip cuz
you look like chopped chocolate chip
yeah my chocolate chip nose huh then I'm
Dale cuz I'm the dumb one
oh you're dumb as though I'm the one
that has a gap between the teeth oh yeah
I'm definitely the dumb one sure
especially this relationship you can't
wait to make fun of me what do you mean
because that's how I tell you I love you
and you know that too so I can't wait
what you're really saying is you can't
wait to tell me how much you love me
that's always say we love each other we
verbally abused one another that's a
healthy relationship that is out thing
relation no sugarcoating shit I don't
hear all baby you're so beautiful you're
the most beautiful girl in the world cuz
that's bullshit I know I'm not and I
know he doesn't think that I am fuck no
anyway so now we're about to wrap up the
night we're gonna watch some Game of
Thrones
yeah and we're gonna call it a night so
we can start tomorrow
on a good note with enough sleep yeah I
love starting the week with a nice full
rest I feel like it powers my whole week
thank you so much for watching guys have
a good night have a good day have a good
afternoon
bye bye
