what's up guys just finish my workout
and I've played a little bit of
basketball and that always makes me
happy I actually really really enjoy
basketball because I grew up on it not
in the sense that I played like mad
sports or for school or anything but I
grew up on a lot of street ball
Oh cause Joe Joey just passes by so I
grew up on a lot of street ball and back
in the day when I grew up I lived in one
of those neighborhoods we're kind of
like all the kids knew each other on the
streets I know if that still exists
anymore cuz the neighborhood that I live
in now it seems like most neighbors kind
of keep to each other and although like
I do see the occasional regular neighbor
walking his dog and I say what's up but
the community just doesn't seem that
tight so I don't know if times have
changed if people are still really tight
with their neighbors or as babies just
the community that I moved to let me
know let me know if your neighborhood
it's still tight like that cuz I would
love to move to a place where the
community is tight like that so that
like my kids can be friends with his
neighbors and they can all play cuz I
really enjoyed that type of upbringing
and I think it's because of that I
became so active as a kid I would play
street hockey soccer in the middle of
the street because there weren't too
many cars that pass by and we play
street ball
and as a result I think that built a
really good athletic base for me whereas
a lot of other kids that I've known
since they didn't grow up in such a
active neighborhood a lot of them just
resorted to playing games and there's
nothing wrong with that but if once you
become addicted to games you kind of
lose out on that activity and
camaraderie and the athleticism that you
get to build like on the street that
applies to so many other things and I
think that's also why like almost every
sport that I pick up I can get decently
good pretty quickly just because I've
played so many different sports that
like my mind is registers movements in a
certain way and so that's something I
really missed so going back to the
street ball one of the things that we
used to do too was just on the streets
like I was so dumb that I thought and
one was where the best basketball
players were like I would watch the NBA
and I'm like man this is so poor and
look at how they're just passing the
ball like they don't even have enough
confidence in themselves to complete the
shot and I was so dumb that I didn't
know they were making plays to distract
the team I didn't understand that I was
just watch and one on my yeah these guys
were good you see this guy he's ball
hogging the whole time and he is just
joking people left or right so that's
how I played on the streets and we used
to play each other for money and this is
all the way up until like when I was
like fourth grade all the way up until I
was about 12 like in junior high we
would meet up at school before school
started we'll play each other for money
for five bucks or play each other for a
Gatorade and so I got pretty good I like
driving in and I had good handles cuz
all I ever do is watch and one but the
funny thing is
I got into wrestling later on in high
school and then when I went to uh
another high school I was gonna wrestle
there but my weight class was like the
Oregon state champion saw my shit I
wanted to be in varsity but then I was
junior but this guy was just way too
good so I tried out for the basketball
team and luckily with no basketball
coaching or official basketball
experience I made it on the team just
based off of experience I had playing
street ball but I was so dumb because
everyone was playing a team sport and
they would pass the ball around and I
was there doing all these like mad
handle all the time and the coach would
pull me off the court all the time like
boy what are you doing it was wide open
what are you doing and I'm just like I
didn't get it okay that I'm doing a good
job he put me on varsity you put me on
phaaze because I'm good you want me to
make all the points and I didn't realize
that um that basketball is a team sport
so I guess a lesson is it's good to play
with all your friends in a neighborhood
like that and it's a good type of a
tight-knit community but you also got to
think bigger and know some real shit cuz
I didn't know real shit I thought what I
was playing was basketball but I just
play basketball right now and it kind of
reminded me all this because um usually
like when we play teams five on five
three on three I'm not like that good
but we just played 21 a game a 21 we're
driving and one on one matters a lot and
I was like oh shit I smashed on a lot of
guys right now that I have played team
basketball and I just realize oh that's
because of my street ball experience and
I felt good and that also means that my
weight loss is coming down
my conditioning is better the last
couple time to try to play basketball I
could even play more than three minutes
so I'm just so fucking exhausted
carrying all this weight and my
conditioning sucks I've been policy but
now I've been doing a lot more
conditioning a lot more circuits and
I've been trying to play basketball at
least once a weekend everything feels
good I just feel more athletic and a
healthier so I feel really doing I'm
gonna go home and I'm a shower pick up
the dogs and I got a bunch of meetings
today so I'll see you guys at the office
how does it feel to be a engaged man
exactly exactly the same you don't see
like the ring on her finger and you're
like now I got to do like extra to
provide or like now it makes you guys
more of a unit than you guys ever were
before hmm
the reason why I don't feel like it it
feels a need your harness because we've
been living together I've already picked
up a lot of the responsibilities with
Isaac that I should be if I were to you
know be a stepdad or whatever and then I
tend to be a husband I feel like we've
already have that Family Guy we've been
living together for three years
yeah three and a half three and almost
four years like almost the entirety of
our relationship has been living
together and so because of that I feel
like we've already accepted the rules of
which I guess when engaged we'll get
engaged like they're just then getting
or the conventional standard of these
you know they're just then getting used
to maybe moving in together or maybe
getting more serious and stuff but
because of like you know the nature of
our
Isaac it's like I kind of you were kind
of thrust into this relationship where
automatically between a family and so
because of that I don't feel any
different but when you see their way on
our figured out today
maybe it's the novelty of having a ring
armor for yourself
but I didn't feel like a bit of like a
rush of like excitement my only answer I
that happened yesterday in and she's
mine forever yeah yeah and then I think
I think it's also I mean it could be the
novelty of it how new it is filled but
like I could see her face very like it's
very happy I got these are like when she
looks now she sees the ring she's happy
and they're just kind of there's a spark
right now so just what happened last
night yeah but I think we're seeing like
what would be in the future I can see
that like when you mentioned about my
just feeling more like and unit together
like there's something that there's
there's an intangible element now that
really combines you together in a more
way yeah it's almost like the way that I
feel it's like it's more uh although
like we were already dedicated to each
other me and Geo I feel like the
marriage if anything it's not so much
like us moving in together he's already
did that already have bank accounts so
like all the stuff of life it's already
conjoined but now it's more so of like a
spiritual yes and like a soul connection
where it's like no matter what if we're
homeless we're gonna be homeless
together if we're gonna be wealthy we're
gonna be wealthy together and if we're
gonna go through some shit that's gonna
be together we're gonna smile together
so it's like it's more of like our
hearts are now together
and an event that the heart speeds
together is exactly like that feeling
like I can't I can't put it any other
way like having your hearts together or
just having that spiritual union now
it's like that's what's holding or
that's what I'm going to explain it it's
just like this inner feeling you get and
I think it's just hearts combined
together it's the best way to say it
we're not like in like it was awesome
yeah it was the sex is different I'd say
late last night was different because it
wasn't like okay so you have your
honeymoon sex which is like super like
explore explore each other's bodies and
like what they like what they don't like
and stuff like that and there's a
novelty to that and once you become like
boyfriend/girlfriend for a certain
duration of time becomes less of that
and more like going through the motions
of it but then still kind of like this
is there's still like this thought of
like that this is another person's body
you know like this is someone else
yeah but the last night sex was like
we're together we're together this is no
longer stranger like no way she's a
stranger she is literally like another
half of me and it's just it felt more in
tune like it should play very harmonious
versus it's like trying to like feed
feed off each others energy of like that
energy is already there so it's like
when you get a duplicate key and the key
fits really good yes sometimes they
don't make a good job and you're like
wiggling around like what the fuck does
a duplicate key it's like you did a good
job so when's the next big day oh man
the big big day is it gonna be like a
near-future it's something you want to
wait a little bit longer to plan it out
to have that discussion yet so like last
time we've mentioned by oh so when when
you're the wedding and we just kinda
laugh at it together just like I guess
right now we're just enjoying the moment
just take a step at a time
yeah but I guess theoretically it's a
big thing right here so now but if we're
trying to spend more than maybe two or
three or four or five
the wedding is up it's a big project and
it's expensive it's time-consuming give
my energy and effort stressful I was
like mainly out of it but I could see
geo and TIFF like stress and now and we
even have Nancy on the other side of
Hawaii so it was like three girls
planning it but it was just man it's
just it's like planning a big shoot a
big feature film shoot you know there's
so many moving parts we're talking about
all the rest of restaurants are supposed
to yeah everyone has different dietary
needs especially my parents and they
were talking about the car situation
moving around transportation because we
all want to move together yeah it's it's
a big ordeal
I feel really like if there's like any
way possible
everyone has to get like that oyster
pass or whatever I think that's the past
where you get it for like a fixed period
of time but you have unlimited subway
train rights oh yeah cuz you people or
else you're just by life
you can get that thing good letting all
of us would probably like riding oh it
depends if it's always at Paris Paris
does not just like there's like City
Paris and then there's like like parts
of plants
yeah well it's like you could probably
drive around or something you know what
it is I think realistically
realistically thinking about an
unrealistic situation so I've really
entertained the idea of France or Europe
or France in general then I would I
would tell they're not Paris but maybe
nice because nice is beachside which
then she likes Beach a lot of the people
who know love them the beach and at the
same time though it also has the French
side of it you know the building's
obviously the cuisine the people so I
feel like you know if we're gonna go
France then that would be the place but
that's thinking realistically with the
unrealistic situation yeah exactly like
Frank is just listening but Paris is
also like one of the most romantic
places in the world I was like there by
myself and I was just falling in love
with my stuff like I'm gonna have some
wine and just have to rest my legs while
I eat this steak yeah it's a beautiful
beautiful place
Oh would you do if you had the option if
money was no object would you entertain
Kenya of going overseas for away but we
kinda lead it overseas yeah well I guess
like money was no object right
would you pick a more like I guess I
guess the higher end place yeah um I
think for me what been still in Hawaii
but we probably would have got like a
way bigger and better better equip place
where there's full he's like a like a
big-ass mansion on the beach so I think
it's more so this style like finding the
style of wedding want so for us who
really wanted it to be chill laid-back
like David wasn't even wearing shoes
when he married us you know everyone's
running shorts so what that said it's
like it would still be either there or
like Bora Bora or like some sort of like
tropical you know it would still retain
the same feeling yeah but the effect is
still the same so if you guys are
looking for like the romantic city five
that maybe you guys to brainstorm you
guys got Paris but there's probably a
few other cities that are like maybe uh
like but this us romantic romantic city
in LA well maybe like Catalina Island
maybe maybe and this this probably
someone you don't like the thing about
Paris that makes it so romantic it's in
addition to the culture there's also um
just all the history yeah you know like
the buildings are just so old like 1400
1600 buildings there's there's so
and all the parties and the moly it's
crazy yeah there's like cobblestone
streets I think the closest you're gonna
get is probably somewhere in Canada
that's also French occupied at one point
in time that's why the closest because I
can't picture any other place in America
that's as romantic as France or Paris
I know it's not parents yeah there's no
that's not that's kind of I feel about
America - it's like America's it's kind
of trashy it's like even New York itself
is like maybe we're American since the
wedding isn't like on your immediate to
do this is there a reason why you chose
to get engaged so much earlier a lot of
people they have like kind of the
wedding in mind and then okay then I'm
engaged like six months out or a year
out is there a reason for you or your
like I'm just gonna get engaged first
and then figure out the wedding later I
think you know you know who asked me
this question - just like not long ago
that I was with Byron Byron was asking
that question to anyone I something like
the way I think and I didn't think about
it I don't know why I just thought maybe
it was just a it was a feeling thing you
know yeah it partially is it's like it
just I just felt like it was time I felt
like oh and our anniversary is coming up
and it's our four year anniversary and
like it makes sense to I guess pop the
question it's long enough you know
I already know that we've been knowing
that we're gonna be together forever you
know so you know it makes sense but then
furthermore I think it was actually
Isaac I think Isaac was one of the main
components to my subconscious thought
process and the fact that I think you
know he went through two other you know
guys in his life
yeah like potential father figures yeah
and so something like the fourth father
figures he has his real dad and then two
other guys and then me yeah and I think
to him I think he really wanted us to
get married just based on like you know
thank you the way he talks about it it
just seems like he was really looking
forward to it I think he probably just
wants that like picture-perfect
household that like he sees his friends
has or something no maybe that's what he
thinks consciously but I think you know
so consciously it's one of those like
well my mom gets married then I have a
stepdad and I was stepdad that I
officially have a unified family as such
a peace of mind that I have stability at
home you know yeah so I feel like so
consciously after the fact I feel like
maybe I didn't know I did it perfect
maybe I didn't know that I was doing it
but then afterwards and seeing Isaac is
reacting to it and how he was during the
whole process of it it just felt like
I'm I was actually doing it for him I
got other thing I was giving him a peace
of mind that I wasn't gonna run away or
I wasn't gonna just leave you know I was
here today you can trust me that you
know I'm gonna be his friend you know so
it's awesome yeah I think I think that's
where I think it's a constantly it's
somehow it's happened that way but I
don't think I made the conscious
decision to do that beforehand yeah
that's beautiful yeah did you Terence
yeah that's nice they're happy what do
they say actually things often that much
we're talking to Tiffany this was to
have our client on the phone
I thought he was about to cry was like
she was like now I have a beautiful
daughter and then that made me like to
tear up and stuff like that yeah I mean
it's an expensive unnecessary adventure
but at the same time it yields a lot of
satisfaction I think yeah so I'm pretty
happy with it and thank you thank you
you're the real MVP well I love do
anything you got the hook for the ring
but just us was asking around that's
like hey let's know that's what sells
rinse that made that mean I don't know
it I think it had it not been for you I
think I would've settled for like any
ring and not have a custom job and I
think the custom job aspect of it made
it that much more meaningful and special
yeah all right hold on what happened you
know I'm told oh how it all happened and
stuff like that and I told it look the
value of the training and what I
actually got forward and stuff like that
and she was like wow like that's and
like she mentioned like like her
previous engagement like like the rock
was like tiny tiny that's super timing
she was crying out of and she says she's
not materialistic are you I'm gonna want
to paint her that way but she
like I wasn't trying to be materialistic
but at the same time you had a
subconscious to things like oh if
someone gives you a ring you're worth as
he as a girlfriend or a fiancée or
future life
it's you know actually measured through
that size of the rock yeah and I get
that ring yeah and it's not it's not
like directly correlated but yeah
there's someone of their same sense but
there's some sort of correlation to it
yeah exactly and she just felt like it
was it was undervalued and she just
didn't feel like that was she didn't
have a good feeling coming out there
that I guess and I don't think she was
trying to say give me a better Rock you
know it was just more like it's just
gave her like the uneasy feeling and
then but then on the other end though
when I gave her this rock it was like
she never heard like she told me like
never in her life when she had ever
imagined having that quality on her
finger and so I guess that's pretty cool
that's awesome too I guess for me to
feel provide something that she never
thought was attainable for her just set
the bar high so now when it's like your
20 year anniversary or something you got
to spend like double
you know what I noticed today what I
actually didn't notice this before
because we had so many things going on
that I didn't even realize that it
happened but I just realized that we've
been having our barbell Brigade
corporate meetings at the new office
in the set area and because I remember
we used to have it in our bedroom we're
not a bedroom but in our living room and
now that it's at like a more official
place it doesn't really feel more
official because we sort it's always
beneficial and we've always aimed to get
shit done but I just thought it felt
really cool the way that things have
been able to kind of like materialize
like our dreams it felt the most
official when we held it I think last
week in the conference room because at
least on this side like we have a really
lots like work environment right so if
you want to come in like your PJs and
sit with your legs open taking whips up
your own ass like we don't care like if
you're comfortable that's all good
but in the conference room because there
aren't any couches for you to slouch in
and the chairs it doesn't recline so it
forces you to have like upright posture
it felt hello legitimate like I was like
dude this is tight I felt like a
legitimate business even though we are a
legitimate business it just felt like
those those corporations that you see
those board meetings yeah like in Big
Time movies and I'm like yeah it's like
we're official but the part why the
reason why I feel more legitimate and
the barbel poor gates outside is because
that conference room but I still feel
like it belongs to JK and so aku well I
don't see it that way so I see I see
each entity as its own entity and
because that conference room belongs to
JK like when I'm working on barbell
stuff yeah I think of myself as a
barbell employee so I don't tap into
like the perks that JK has or anything
like that you know so like when when
barbell comes up like I feel really
happy as if I mix I'm experiencing
business growth for the first time even
though I've already had business success
with JK I feel it again with barbell
because I don't my mind's not split that
way like every time I'm in a different
company I knew it
yeah Sonnen and so because barbell has
been able to go from our living room to
its official set a meeting place on my
man that's pretty fucking cool yeah I
mean I can agree to that because um not
not that it felt like it's JK but it
just it didn't have any sort of branding
or anything or like life to it when
you're at the when you're at the bar
ball size like everyone has their
personal belongings they're like we have
bar barbar gave posted huge on the wall
it has our personal branding our
personal taste
I can see your name yeah oh no I just
wanted to share that with you that's
awesome so what when did it hit you and
what were you doing when it hit you we
were just reading well we're just about
to start the meeting and I just looking
around I saw everyone gathered around
I'm like oh shit
we haven't been doing this in our living
room anymore this is official I feel
like I feel like Leo when he first
started his uh his own little company in
wolf on Wall Street and they just rented
like a bootleg warehouse with a bunch of
desks yeah and like to some people from
the outside they might be like man that
shit looks fucking janky and it sucks
but to him it's like this is my startup
and I have a passion I have a vision
I'll give a fuck what you guys think and
that's kind of like how I felt with our
little settles it and things are
changing things are growing and then
there's that empty space next to our
current office right now there's a new
space that opened up and I'm like man I
hopefully we can grow fast enough where
we can take that one over you know I
think it's never at you before what that
it moves from our living room move out
of our living room into this new office
I do that talks I'm sure I know because
you never see see I need a talk some
fucking shit cuz you never cleans that
you never see the red like the the
residue or the or the leftovers from yes
I do because I clean up everyone's water
bottles everyone always drinks have a
water bottle yeah everyone drinks half a
water bottle they leave it there why do
you think why do you think when you
clean it's already been half cleaned
I've never felt and I've never seen you
do that I always pick up the water bar
that's for me because for me yeah there
might be some sticky stuff here paper
towels over there but for me it's a pet
peeve of mine to see what random water
bottles like scattered all over the
place so when I see it I just purposely
move it because it bothers me so I
already clean that place like half
before you even get your dirty paws on
it
you don't even know where any of the
cleaning stuff is by you picking up
bottles if that's what you call cleaning
and fine yes you clean but you do a
half-assed job
that's exactly right said I said I clean
half of it I never said clean full of it
that's your job that's the thing to brag
about I'm not bragging I'm happy to hit
you welcome to the club fucking years
your fucking years let me see let me see
if it's shaved I'm gonna yeah no it's no
I would you me see why did you make me
look at it
it's medium rare yeah what are you
talking about if
