what up y'all I'm hella excited although
I may not look at this I'm really tired
but I am hella excited to announce that
go-for-broke has officially launched the
link will be in the description below
and I'm super tired because yesterday on
JK party we filmed this crazy-ass
challenge where we have to eat this
super spicy hot sauce that's rated at
3.5 million scovilles and what that
means is it's at least a thousand times
spicier than sriracha and I believe ten
to a hundred times spicier than your
average habanero so it's hella spicy and
crazy diarrhea the last night which
interrupted my sleep and I slept late
and I still woke up early this morning
to get my workout in so I still had to
go for broke you know don't let anything
hold you back so I'm really excited and
to announce the drop of this and one of
the reasons is I see a lot of the
comments all the time I don't once go
for broke gonna drop you know I see that
you David and gentlemen working on it
like what's what's going on and it's
been a year in the making there's a lot
of details that you'll notice on these
pieces that we're really excited about
like we put you know the little label on
the side and we have to get the custom
hoodie metal tips in that says go for
broke on it so we wanted to make sure
that there's a lot of things that had
attention to detail we wanted to make
sure that we get it right get the
designs we want right
make sure the back end on the website is
smooth so if you order it you're gonna
get it quickly and the orders gonna get
fulfilled fast there's not any promise
the website isn't gonna crash when we
launch they couldn't do a lot of testing
over and over and over and we want to
make sure that the shopping experience
lives up to how adult the designs are
and also shoot the media which means the
photographs of videos and make sure
everything is just up to par to what we
envision and long story short you can
catch a lot of this really cool
backstory on some of the many
documentaries that we shot about this on
the JK Films channel we have one called
how we met go for broke and there's
gonna be individual videos about how
each one of us goes for broke and stuff
like that so make sure you go check
those out on the channel but just in
summary
I'm really honored that so this brand
was started by Davis self and a couple
of his friends but I think a lot of them
have some creative differences and
wanted to take different directions in
their careers and David he respects me
and Jones like business products so he
was like yo I need some help with this
and at the same time me and John were
thinking about launching a JK merged
line and we're like hey like why don't
we team up you know like it's always
cool that this team up with your friends
and do fun stuff with your friends
especially if you guys you know vibe
well together so we're like you know
like let's not even worry about this JK
let's do something that's bigger than us
so we create a go-for-broke and who
knows where it's gonna lead to maybe one
day we'll be in Nordstrom's be as
zoomies be at Chili's you know we want
to go for broke too so we teamed up and
put all our juices together and so now
we have the official launch I'm actually
wearing a pocket tee it's a golfer
Prokop pocket tee and also a little sign
though you guys might not even know this
we actually formulated our own custom
think where it's light so it doesn't
feel all heavy on you but when you wash
it a lot of times it won't crack easy so
this one has a design on the back it has
go-for-broke flag and the American flag
and go-for-broke is the slogan for a all
Asian American one more to military unit
and they were the most decorated at the
time and one of the reason why we liked
it is because the underdog story you
know like they were the you know where
everyone will kind of look down upon a
time because racism was hella evident
back then and everyone looked down upon
him but they smashed it and they're the
most decorated tell this day unit and
the US military so it's more about than
just being asian-american it's about
being the underdog and going full-blown
to the point where people have to
recognize who you are and the
achievements that you've accomplished
and I got a bunch of other stuff
offshore I've shown you the whole set so
this is one of the perks of being the
owner of the company where we get the
full-on
package and I don't even open these yet
but these are fresh off the press and I
want to show you guys each individual
piece we can check it out on the website
later on but this is this is an actual
piece you know like on the website
there's photos I want to show you guys
like each individual once in a real
laughs this one is where Excel so we got
the labels on their size labels and it's
the logo in the front and then I believe
there's a logo on the back for this one
oh this is Victor Nate C so on the fact
is the two germinates and so we got like
now what are these things called like
SKU numbers UPC codes you guys not
welcome logistics in a while that's all
this hella official you see that about
this one this one is a same pocket t as
this but in a different colorway it's
like a green on blue we got our maroon
shirt
this one on the website right now I
believe is doing the best it's a maroon
turn 80 so make sure you go check this
out ASAP cause it could be gone by now
and then we got a white one this is also
the grenade team and we got the logo on
the front like this BAM and then we got
like your knee on the back you can see
cuz folded so I don't want it on the
floor I almost got tanks
it's our cloud design which is hella
dope up in the clouds achieve your
dreams and for the stars and don't let
it let it be so I'm not a rapper more
tanks summertime it's gonna get hot more
tanks more colorways so what was really
important to us is me and David and Joey
really like sneakers so we're trying to
pair up colors that go with some of the
most popular of sneakers color colorways
around so that you can match your
clothes to your clothes I'm a match too
close to your shoes and that's what
Street was all about you know and one
thing that was really important for us
the whole cool
broke message is about living that
lifestyle of achieving your dreams and
pursuing their passions because to be
completely honest a lot of the street
wear brands out there right now they're
either party oriented or they're drugged
and Club oriented and a lot of the
brands like I think Huff is like that
I'm not sure if the hundreds is like
that obey is kind of like
anti-government anti-propaganda like
there's a lot of different brands that
are focused on your lifestyle and
because the designs are dope I still
rock it but they don't necessarily vibe
with me and they don't necessarily
reflect the type of person that I am you
know
and for us wrong about pursuing our
passions and well I know there isn't a
lifestyle brand out there that really
represents that like going out there and
killing it everything kind of has like
this I wouldn't say negative but like
guys drinking and partying and it's like
a lot of people I don't work with that
they just want to smash whatever goals
that they have and that's why we created
this this is one of the logo tees to the
standard you know fun a method you
probably ought to have in your closet
without olive green all white and the
clouds
I am without little little airplanes
this one we got a very popular color
wait don't for broke
cloud tea we got tanks this is the
soldier still too wet I really like this
cuz it kind of looks a little bit
abstract it's just a silhouette of a
soldier looking off into the horizon and
at first glance you don't really know
what you're looking at but then when you
look at it closely kind of like an art
piece you see that he's looking off into
a rising and it gives us effect of like
yo I got should I still got to do
there's still shit I got accomplished
and got more more in the hoodie I don't
know where the learning with this is the
silhouette ice water tea again does
someone come in my room to take my
hoodie once again one of the
fundamentals
logo tees logo T's about it being
potable and all of them got this little
label right now golfer broke death
before defeat my focus and
I cut a swarm and that's the one we
spent a lot of time on with those little
I let things I believe that's what
they're called I don't know where it is
maybe I brought it home or maybe they
sent it to me at another place but yeah
so we got these things shipping out of a
warehouse here in the United States and
they work really really fast and the
reason I know that is because we tested
them out with Baba Brigade stuff and
they smash them a bottle biggest others
people that I see we drop something and
then a day later they're like oh we
already got it so I don't know if that's
the average trans-fat but they do work
really fast and they work round the
clock through the weekend so unless
really dope so make sure you go check it
out the link is in the description below
go for broke apparel calm we have
finally la sha please let me see let me
see if it's shaved I'm gonna yeah no
it's not why would you lie to me see why
did you make me look at it it's medium
rare yeah what are you talking about it
