ha
how does it feel to have your Papa back
I actually missed them usually I don't
miss my parents but they don't give my
space so like Rand update my dad I'll
show up every week or two or they'll
call me for no reason when I'm fucking
busy
and then like I'll be filming so I have
my phone off in the night go and check
my phone and I see like 15 myths miss
calls within the same minute and that's
not even an exaggeration show is not an
exaggeration I've told them I'm like hey
Dad if you call me and I don't pick up
it's because I'm busy at that moment so
even if you call me 15 more times it
doesn't mean I'm gonna pick up I'm just
busy at that moment it's not like they
treat my phone as if it's like the
crosswalk you know people they go and
press the button and then bang it 700
times and they think that it's gonna be
giant what's gonna be trying my window
it just got my car washed people like
they call me as if I'm the crosswalk but
it doesn't work that way and so recently
my dad he went to China and Hong Kong to
visit his old school friends and
I actually missed them but he hasn't
called me for like a month I haven't
felt this presence for an entire month I
wonder what my dad's doing so even like
two weeks ago I just called my dad just
in case he came back and he hasn't hit
me up hey pop just called me and told me
that miss you I don't know where you're
at if you're back but when you get back
in me a call and then finally my dad
called when he gave back and he said uh
did he wanna eat on my hell yeah I want
you to meet meatloaf too because I know
my dad loves dogs and he loves German
Shepherds too
so he just met him and he thought he was
super cutie because uh he reminded him
of Tyson just a way bigger version and
my dad's like you know that's awesome
he's like for him he kind of has a
stigma against adult dogs well not at
all but like grown puppies on puppies
because he he's like man are they gonna
listen to you and all my honnestly this
guy he's been amazing it's like it's as
if I've had him like my whole life the
way that he listens to me and the way
like Howard to it if he is with me like
he just follows me around I gave him the
look of my eyes and he knows what to do
and my dad's like that's so awesome so
I'm really enjoying spending this short
time about a time I have my talk today
CUNY
beautiful people had it already eventful
morning took our cars to get large-bore
skirts though there as a matter of fact
we just finished a really nice lunch
with pop pop and now we have to go back
home pick up our clothes for a barbell
brigade photo shoot that we didn't do
what are you doing weirdo would be
packing for I'm packing to do our photo
shoot for the new barbell stuff for our
own personal IGS we already knocked out
the photo shoot for the lookbook and the
launch media like the marketing for the
website but we haven't had a chance to
shoot our own stuff
how was lunch with your papa it was very
awesome cuz he was killed me just like
you thanks big booty ho uh yeah so what
Bart was saying is exactly accurate I
also have my little suitcase full of the
launcher full of different items and I'm
going to change into four different
looks for the photoshoot we were
supposed to be there by 2:30 but now
it's almost 3:30 so we are late by 2:30
which will be here by 2:30 whatever it's
just late in my head so it's all fucked
the new office and there's no sign of
her over here he's supposed to have a
photo shoot with us
and we came here we brought all our
wardrobe everything and he's m.i.a
which will stick out door shuts so right
now it's not looking really good because
we're gonna lose sunshine what are we
going to do he usually likes to sleep
down here as funny as that sounds
he likes to sleep here and then he has
his pillow and when there's room he'll
sleep on the couch but so you can see
there's no sign of churro
um and then Casey's here because we have
two films real quick but then where the
hell is sure
all right as you guys can see sure Oh
finally made his way here thank you so
much for showing up even though we've
been planning it for two weeks but to
give you some credit you have been
working really fucking hard and sleeping
at the office so I ain't even trippin
you're killing it what do you mean yeah
I colored I put no polish on it
so that I could yeah this full fresh
kick shot all right Thank You sheriff no
thank you
shit you're gonna fight about it thank
you oh fuck
are your armpits so we've been shooting
here's another look
high-waisted corduroys with my black
chucks we're almost done losing that
gold and our Sun we'll see in the
background making me look beautiful
gives you really good lighting so in
film and in photo there's this thing
called Golden Hour and that's when the
sun's about to set everything looks
super romantic super soft very yellow
very happy very romantic so they try to
take it of an advantage of that with an
hour right now we're about to shoot
shoot uh but okay I'll give you a little
maybe I shouldn't put it there
damn L function look at trails kicks
though damn Asics GEL lights but you
know about that
sure that's you owe me do it the
lighting is so beautiful right now look
at the hair like let it create some work
it looks so pretty this is all the hard
work you guys don't see but I'm sure
since there's Instagram now you guys are
fully aware about angles and lighting
and filters so I take it back actually
you guys are pretty familiar with what
it takes to make a picture look really
good but I guess this is the stuff you
guys don't get to see unfortunately you
know photos at least all that we had to
take you just have to do it over and
over again into the photographers hobby
look at Bart's face oh that model he is
fucking laser focus look at them shoes
though okay nice there you go you little
fella Rena Joe is just looking at the
shots making sure he's happy with what
he has captured now he's thinking what
else do I want to do
what else do I want to look at that
thinking I think he's determined that
there is no more life for us to shoot
with and it's like we're coming to an
end
sorry is looking at my lipstick
oh hell yeah you killed it
what do you talk about when you look at
models in front of your girlfriend she
yeah she's cool with it like she'd be
like oh man that chick does a nice ass
and titties enacted to like wait are you
lesbian are you fucking like Takei you
know please just so cute what a bully do
this kid today was like having a full
conversation about like anything and
like like 10 minutes I was like yeah man
I like how you do the videos and I like
all the editing that you do I'm like my
name is Lou I was like I don't do any of
the editing yeah and then what did he
feel dumb he was at home
oh yeah you just say oh my bad but
there's just like it was just like I
told him and then he was like telling me
and he just like walked away from the
car I was like dude that's not
from afar like at a quick glance like
wait love you right look when it's this
fast there you go
what are you doing here Lou that's so
cool I'm so happy at the new office we
miss you here dog I'll be doing ask me
why oh yeah I just want you to come not
because you have to but because you want
to true it's really cool here because
people get super productive and then
they'll take a break and then fuck
around and then everyone goes back to
working down see you gotta come stop
messing around
oh well this is a gift that we got your
oh it's in front of your face the
monitor yeah you got that I don't know
what it is medieval the Deemer commended
it do it it looks like you have a strobe
light in front of you yeah cuz the TV
setting on my camera
Oh watch come around look for our you
know I had it sick I know we'll just
dance but is it really look at this in
real life there's no stroke
we're gonna have some Brazilian food
which is gonna be big macaroni for us
we're just gonna get steak hey this is a
screen right here and we're like he's
doing this like a look looking at you it
meant the screen look at you so
disgusting
oh my god this Brazilian ceviche is so
amazing oh Jesus what to interview you
about your food I don't want to eat all
this damned
holy shit like you barely made it ten
eats really fast that's dope
would you order him resilient reason to
have their own little cilantro sauce
it's people on it is pretty damn long
it's skirt steak some white rice like
beans some plantains there are the black
beans it's a pretty bomb so bomb good
call baby all right I think what did you
say about about going to his house mom
comes out and she's tired of it you go
oh will you be out in a second I'm like
good with me
lilies meets rock no windy and then oh
yeah I went inside the house and then
there's three girls or two girls his
sisters and that their mom and all they
do is strip talk shit about your zebra
color which is like the best time ever I
mean they they talk to you until I
fucking grew up and beat them up
Emily are who my sisters alright yeah
there's a storm with my sister I was 12
years old and she baked cookies and my
sister's not person that she has food
she's gonna share with anyone
I like she has like make something
whatever like it's for her friends you
know and this time my dad ate the cookie
but my sister was means but she ran out
I went to go get the mail and she ran
outside thing where's my cookie for
everyone she she came to that make sure
to rip me off she slapped me am i all my
sister like a plan I can plan another
it broke down my own Helena sorry knows
a geriatric is and then she like kind of
like Swami and I talked see I remembered
like at this time like Bobo was going it
was like I came here to my right that's
gonna hurt
so truck that hit her up and shoe stores
like that I adore so it's just like ah
hush was bleeding and I remember the
neighbor it came out just lit us up and
it was like the whole thing was like she
thought I saw the cookie a my dad ate
the cookie and then my dad comes out
with the cookie down
and then you tie my sister would like
folks all done hey so what's the story
behind Willie because your names out of
doodle but then so Jerome a extent
boorda so what's your middle name
yeah me again oh okay then I don't get
the really my uncle which is also a
jokester he provides nicknames for
everyone in our family so when I was
five years old there's like a salsa king
called really chilly know that this poem
over but it was like and he said that
literally no so he said call me Willie
so now my family calls me movie and all
my homies phone to call my role on that
slice I'm a trouble on my mom or it's
like really like professionals
no one calls you are either no I think
that's challenge but I remember use that
what this marble is gonna be I'm gonna
be there changes the whole thing faster
our art goes but I don't get it art PR o
BR you got a be art that's France on
that's a French ass name be art let me
see let me see if it's shaved I'm gonna
yeah no it's not why would you put it in
me see why did you make me look at it
it's medium-rare yeah what are you
talking about it
