this is all happening while Mila doesn't
give it shit look at him
always take them out in the morning to
poop MP he just wants to come right back
inside
take a look at the look at me loves big
fir Canyon tucked away right now
let me see if I can zoom in when it's
ready and what did you say why do i why
should i look at his fur cannon oh it's
gone now this is bacon kenny enjoyed
this it's done he's so in love with you
how do you know
look it's big for a cabinet this big
nerf blaster it's push pop came out you
can get dirt all over his little push
pop you know you're big for 10 and the
deal is funny
he did like it in before he laid down oh
my gosh I covered up this is no one's
looking at my big headed little nerf
what nerf blaster that's I like girl dog
oh it doesn't bring either bring is the
cutest oh oh she's the cutest dog was
she's so dumb bricky
breathe you've a cutie the windows
closed I'm suppose she heard me he got a
really good hearing I'm also with loud
as fuck so I shouldn't be surprised
fine fine fine you big bozo evil spawn
over the wall like a gentleman I like
when he lays down there's all this fur
around his neck it looks like a little
scarf for a scarf scrunched up yeah
pretty face wants to eat a puppy did you
tell him yesterday about the puppy no
tell mom so yesterday this is crazy
Oh David's assistant came by and to the
office to the office the new office and
she brought one of her friend's new
puppies and this puppy is like three
months old she's like house-sitting of
him our dog sitting was like this small
really soft looking has that homeless
fur look or it's not all even though
yellow cuny super cute and um at first
you know when we first got me laugh we
thought
that he would be aggressive because
that's what they said at the pound and
they killed a little dog but when we
introduced me love to bring like they
became friends and Brady is a small talk
to me so I'm cool there's no problem
with meatloaf and a small dog and then
when we try to bring a little puppy to
meet meatloaf she goes up to the puppy
smells him up a little bit and it starts
9:00 at the puppies feet or the tail and
it was crazy it was a whole shit meals
gonna eat her and I'm a little let me
see this because I'm Meat Loaf's owner
and he respects me so I'm like let me
see the puppy I'll establish the
relationship here I get the puppy I sit
down I get to meatloaf level and then I
tell him that slowly come near and then
when he comes to fast I would block him
but he's old so he's told he slowly
started to come near and he would smell
and then he bit the the puppy again and
but it wasn't a curiosity smell either
it was just like what part of this do I
want to eat ya cuz I've you know when
dogs meet at first there touch noses
usually tail wax and then they go okay
now let's smell each others butts
because that's where they have
pheromones and that's where they can
figure out how they feel about each
other so that's the normal dog meeting
they always touch nose tail wag and then
smell and then they figure out they want
to fight afterwards for the little puppy
I was holding it wasn't even like let's
touch noses yeah he was like oh you have
fried chicken in your arm like he just
automatic and it was food it didn't even
register this is a baby dog by someone
of the same species
this is food mmm Nozick oh shit so this
guy is highly possible of eating little
dogs and that's because are these
puppies that was pretty alarming for
sure that dogs way smaller than pretty
and to me bring he's already tiny yeah I
mean I think it also has to do with the
puppy smell not to justify his behavior
because his behavior still very wrong
but I don't think he's attacking pretty
because she doesn't smell like a puppy
she smells like a used old car I'm just
kidding he's eating grass now
who loves press obviously presents poop
well then that's cuz he probably doesn't
feel good yeah yeah they self-medicate
remember they dislike grass
maybe he's weird but that's really rare
we cross his legs he did gentleman he
knows he's on camera that's why he looks
so sad I never see this dog happy
looking only when he sees us from like
not seeing us for a long time the news
Chase is telling ya any jumps everywhere
oh he sad he's outside what the hell do
our dogs love it or the other two I
don't know what what is she doing
this is happy ones very very happy puppy
is she yeah she's always scared of a
world I told you she always is smiles
the red the windows are pretty fuck just
mild freaky she just happened she's a
life is not anything she thinks she
still ran away she can she's on blood
planet she thinks she's a unicorn you
big pretty boy hi welcome back did I
miss out we got a whole other people
like this tune okay yeah we got a I got
a hugger yeah
genius playing Santa Claus right now
with your Japanese I got shot each other
because we with a lot we were gonna do
it split up from the group
oh and then there's such a flavored Kit
Kats what I know right I saw it and I
was like what the fuck is this so I got
it for my body and then oh yeah 4000
kind of wet that because my perfume
spilled everywhere so smells like my
program so I opted for more like weird
given really good useful or anything so
I did this thing those Soaker so I send
it to you yeah yeah so there's this
thing called of baby whatever and I was
like no I want to make all the guys
sisters hearts a Geo can throw up so
it's just thing you soak your foot in
like meaning to plastic bags for like
two hours and then if you soak your feet
in water for 30 minutes over the course
of like I want to go like every time so
move course of three days and in all the
schools I got that for everyone
yes Giulio think about this dive off
bunch of them to bring home especially
for Bart Bart Bosco absolutely I know
he's doing the boy stuff right now
really he's gonna carry your bag I know
I have more stuff but I haven't unpacked
so much I'm just happy you're away again
here right now
but I was like I think J luck is gonna
work in our favor
she'll be here I something you love it
we have a look about 6:00 and I know
what I'm doing with my life
keep it up
I know cuz your makeups all done your
hair is all done look uh a wig today I
was like oh shit I got a new wait I
wanna play with it
wait a minute you bring it they learned
that I don't wanna wait that's my first
one it was like a drag queen like a
really bad one stupid mom happy you're
back
are you miserable already really you
ain't assigned to enroll anyway traffic
like three times I've used to be on the
other side like halfway through it look
like fur seals like cuz uh they're in
yeah yeah yeah you were out for like
three months yeah
oh my god you know it's been four months
now isn't it one pregnant yet she's
pregnant what did you just say I just
looked over oh yeah take a tour here
let's this go on a tour just look at
something so if there's a picture
there's probably a hole so look at
everything and Tommy just point it out
but no guess who wrote that probably
David yeah cuz there's Korean under me
and then so there's pictures on walls
you can go ahead and just kind of lift
those pictures up close
lift just lift it up look if you can oh
you probably can't Oh feel it what did
you guys
this is silly air - like a batter Oriole
or something oh my god these are
different like there's none there
here's any Detroit yeah there's nothing
over there Joe kicked this whole thing
off now he kicked the whole thing off
you guys not I don't understand he is
not returning oh that's the way it's
supposed to be I don't know he just gets
angry like you were dirty words yeah he
just gets angry destroy you guys leave
Joe good call
happen wait long do you know your car is
completely blocked in
oh is it yeah they like parked right
whatever that's fine oh so you don't
tell me whatever what happened - you did
that on purpose only wait for the
fucking tiara then when the tow truck
company is moving why are we talking
about a tow truck what happened so what
happened damn it I'm the worst
storyteller okay so I go outside because
Michael says that there's a lady
complaining I need to move my car
because I'm parked in front of one of
the bay doors yes so or actually 91 in
front of the Baader because that turned
out not to be my car was hers anyway
that was parked over there so I go over
there as soon as I step outside of the
office there's this Korean dude yelling
at me like okay what the fuck you did
you're always doing this you always
packing your guys I look and I just stop
it oh my god what the fuck
yeah what the fuck you did you're always
bagging it you're wasting their time and
then I'm like what is I just walk over
to my car I'm like you need to calm down
I go over to my car and then there's his
wife
all right I'm assuming there's another
lady there and then this lady starts
yelling at me saying yeah you guys are
always part here you're wasting our time
we're trying to run a business and you
guys are always blocking her our bay
door and I get in my car as she's
talking and she's like not that one this
one
and I'm like this is my car that's not
my fucking car and then these just
continue to yell at me and I'm just like
oh my what the fuck is happening and
that's when I see you Casey and Michael
walk out of the office and I'm just
pointing this I'm like can you believe
this shit right now so now I start and
then you take it away girl
no that's it that's the end no I don't
know everyone else are you yeah well
school rolled out yeah then he goes he
goes use your fuckin brain I'm like
don't fucking talk to her like that and
then the lady that she was I was yelling
at her is like hey calm down to the
husband or whoever he is and then
everyone else started coming out like
slowly yeah and then like and then like
yeah everyone here started coming out
and then like he started calming down
and then can't see what happened to you
uh-uh I really go for the story Oh what
did you with this minecraft no you went
out so it was tip walking out first and
then Geo and then me right and then I
couldn't hear what TIFF was hearing but
then by the time I got to the guy I know
I
it was Tiffin the guy I saw I was like
oh I guess that's the boyfriend I should
kind of be the person who kind of is the
situation
don't be like well I guess I mean hey I
got there okay I got there but that also
mean that's why girls gonna they're not
step up themselves cuz sometimes the
boys are busy true then why do we need
you we don't need you for sex whatever
sometimes let my shit really it's the
fat then the boyfriend steps in before
most cases girls can handle it on their
own fine I believe in themselves come on
that's true Alicia's words yeah it
doesn't really hurt oh you got to get a
break for something that's true unlike
anyone I've seen you rage I'll run away
less yeah she's calling you out she says
when does it start off I wanna see
that's what you're saying you wanna do
more surprise character oh boy I got a
good thing he's big like he's picking
and choosing his battles pick a buddy I
don't want to for the boy that's what
she used to is it matter what I'm used
to from you exactly
I don't like picking sides by like
mashing them they still there oh so what
it turns out if it's not too scarce
Jesus come but we don't want to we don't
want them enough you want to stay right
we're in the right okay you don't yell
at people it's my first date backyard in
Knowles and supposed to park there just
speaking Japanese hey
that's the worst cuz they're Korean
what's coming what I'm skating what
coach right out there the tow truck is
coming well he's not torture no nose no
yeah I thought of throttle so about what
I want to do is since this guy is
violent toward women and he's aggressive
toward women
I want Gina to go out there by herself
so he can start comforting her and yell
out there and then as soon as I hear
yelling I was gonna come up there get in
his fucking face I want to know what do
you do what do you do what are you doing
you gonna ask him to touch me like in
that tone or or if he doesn't then I'm
gonna make them apologize to all the way
with you
nice what did you know mission you
shouldn't raise your voice yeah only all
significant other your adoption yeah
they deserve it but I'm trying to I'm
trying to travel big cities be there out
there this is a reality show right here
one go County under Joe Joe's a fucking
coward beater cowards explode yeah
you're so weird so we're are you just
trying to get all his last names no this
girl was through Instagram post and like
posted on a different joke on my last
name every single picture I'm just
reading them on it's funny buddy you're
a loser like you're a loser because you
have too much time like why aren't you
being productive aren't you at the gym
weren't you learning a new skill why
aren't you studying you know what I'm
saying like you like your ask you like
Brian Moore driving all these
no I'm saying agree with me right
would you agree okay is it pretty hot
that's the man of your dreams right
there not even that's my I have his last
name did you eat it together types of
life moving himself you should be proud
you're disgusting yeah what did you say
nothing no you said my dad's body kind
of looks like that and when you refer to
your dad you said my dad is fat look at
belly you gonna stop you're gonna say
that's I know he's gonna try to deny you
are you wait what happened what happened
I'm sorry Oh like Brandi cracked my back
I don't know how but bark and any look
that Bart is I just likes motocross
Marat yeah you guys are touching dick
today dick today
that deals Bucky yeah it's real sign but
your wieners we're touching swordfight
yata relaxing on time relax man relax
I thought I felt something stirs yeah
thank you would like a beer or a battle
huh oh lucky that maybe my chest like oh
you're buying time what do you do right
are we going to the gym right think it's
that long what did you do today
oh um I played before games of mafia
very horribly horribly I don't know I
just I really cracked under pressure
right look what have you played with
this before no I have not my first time
I'm super intense the last game I played
with like toys like super casual
oh you found me as I separated and this
was like sore like try throwing to
everybody this out for like everybody
saw and oh my god alright if I were to
pick a fan right now and and tell them
hey you're gonna play mafia with us what
piece of advice do you give them don't
trust anyone
stop us anyway that's all you need to
know pick up a good book on how to be a
good liar and I like read that whole
book before you come here because yeah
it's not another level they play at
another level dude can you be a little
bit more specific by another level what
do you mean okay uh the way I mean by
like another level is because like
usually when you play a game of mafia
it's like you all like see each other
like as friends right
but when you play here know that that
rule doesn't apply anymore it's like a
fucking tournament dude this is like
mafia tournament winner take all winter
it like winner gets like 20 grand and
like that's how it goes down here dude
so you can you can't bring like your
really sloppy game here you really have
to bring like you're aiming through a
plus game and you really gotta feel and
you're gonna stink man why people are
saying the things that they say and you
really have to analyze you know what
good apps to make because you you're an
object of the game is see that you have
to distract everybody from yourself or
you have to convince everybody that
someone else is doing it absolutely and
the thing about just kidding mori is
everybody does that at the same time
both kierra have no idea who's on your
side who isn't on your side who's
working together yeah so damn you did a
great job though you know that like I
tried picking on you pretty hard I was
like why are your palms sweaty why are
you moving like that's just mind games
bunch of my name's a really intense
experience but nonetheless it was like
super fight ha god I'm just like gonna
go home and just like look up like right
guys I like how to live nice at least
you're not gonna go home and cry that's
good dude oh damn you're coming back
with a vengeance
oh yeah if you ever play that shit
again and the guys tell me beforehand oh
my god it'll be a different story
okay I'll tell you I'll tell you next
time you did great though I'm just like
riled up like in here like the back of
my mind I'm just like you better watch
out
damn dog I like it I like it all right
all right I'd be worn over you whoa
cupcakers pop Center video oh my god see
this one no I can't no he doesn't
alfalfa oh okay every we're gonna play
another game to the places
all right good no no we gotta filled
with wait what are we in the middle of
we're in the middle of Jacob take your
party we're in the middle of trying to
film Jacobs party when these guys come
out doing that well they get before
Michael you told us to stop jamming
because you want to get back on the game
and dandy buzzer cameras are floodlights
julia is a real homey it looked like you
punched her right neither is a real
homey she gave it to me for awesome vlog
footage it's all more pinky Julia look
at this why are you dressed like that
you can I just want to know why you are
this is outside of your regular attire I
like it
he looks like the stereotypical I should
cover your camera blue so I could
differentiate mine from Bart's nail
polish we look for hidden key look I get
Callie why you gotta hate I must deal oh
oh I don't I like it all right
I like a little okay okay thank you
Michael
yeah for the day so let's make it a good
one okay let's go
what did the Sun go on
look at the beautiful boy look at that
beautiful boy running off but he always
waits for his parents my beautiful boy
look at that guy there he goes down the
hall
alright do you think he's gonna turn
back or is he gonna be waiting sitting
there for us huh probably be sitting
there for us okay let's see this ones
unfortunately we can't let her go
because she oh my god what the hell was
that
that scared me I know but I'm already
freaked out about this place it looks
crazy like a palpable pear right all
right let's see where our boys at hold
on there you ha ha
where do you go fishing hey come here
meelo he took off again you can't go
like I was saying and she can't go
because they like to just take off yeah
instead of making a right the way
meatloaf did she'll go to the left he
knows the way he's by the way
all right let's look at em he's right
here look boys on the corner hey you
beautiful boy go come on let's go we
just wait by the part yeah
many cute he just waits for us
bricky where do you think your brother
is I think he's waiting by the car you
think he took off see
huh
Oh like we should meet about it where
did it go
where'd you run to
breathe go lazy you can job Oh Guri Guri
Guri good girl good girl good girl
you're so slow lazy
come on Ricky come on Ricky go over Kiko
bring igloo come on birdie jump jump up
up up up good girl we are so sorry piggy
I'm so sorry this pain another we wanted
we wanted you to do like 60% of the work
okay I know they'll stick it out over
here
hey fallen over here don't hi Oh cute
alright guys so I am home and as you
know this is a favorite part of my day I
had such a nice day today I got to see
my dogs the first thing in the morning
then I got to play games with all of my
friends and kill people off and just
people because we played mafia and we
play drunk stone stupid and I got to see
my Gina and then I went to barbell and
got to see him a barbell guys they were
doing an awesome job and
like I really love my life this is
really fucking cool like I get to be
creative all damn day like this
reinforces that no matter what you have
to believe in yourself
and you have to keep trying to just chip
away at your dream every single day it's
not going to be an immediate return it's
definitely going to take a long time but
I think honestly the funnest and this is
gonna sound cliche it's fuck is the
journey you're gonna have good days and
you're gonna have bad days and what's
dope about the bad days is you're gonna
learn from it you're going to
self-reflect even if you don't want to
you have to self-reflect and do it every
day is a freaking reward and it's a
present and and it's it's definitely
scary because you don't know what's
going to happen or what to expect but
then it's also very exciting and very
fun and very new and very fresh so I'll
leave you with that for tonight keep
pursuing those dreams guys and right now
I'm about to pursue one of my dreams and
that's going the health sleep good night
let me see let me see if it's shaved I'm
gonna yeah no it's not why would you put
it in me see why did you make me look at
it it's medium rare
yeah what are you talking about if
