good morning mama kind of positions this
why do you wanna take your time you
beginning mama you know how old you are
you're still a big baby you know that I
don't know if any full-grown adult that
takes steps to get up where's your bum
bum in the air like this I told you to
sleep earlier no I mean like at 9:00 did
I knew we had to wake up early today so
I was like let's sleep at 9:00 where did
you keep waking up for what do you think
about the fitness lifestyle you're gonna
do it just fine I'm just gonna get some
coffee in you I think usually in the
morning we have the best responses okay
yesterday only film JK films it killed
it so what we're talking about with the
fitness lifestyle thing is Barbara gave
are having a new launch with a bunch of
new clothes and we're really really
proud of it so we want to make sure that
we market it correctly and we want to do
a appropriate launch video and we tried
filming that once but I think we were
like really really tired and it didn't
come out as good as he wanted cuz we're
trying to film that the same day we
actually fell
and took photos for like the lookbook
and the marketing photos so that took
the whole day we tried filming it that
day didn't come out that good then we're
trying to find another date but then
we're also super busy that day and that
also didn't turn out that good so today
is the last day and we're just running
out of time we just just Monday through
Sunday we're just so busy that we don't
have time to redo things that aren't
that good so right now it's 7 o'clock
and we're gonna try to knock it out try
to shoot it one more time before Gio has
a meeting at 10:00 a.m. so hopefully we
get it down now well it's not hopefully
we have to because there's no other time
because now after we film it and the
Dean meets two weeks to edit it because
he has to barb up her game director
before we can launch this video so
that's all waking up so early today and
both me and mama bear are extremely
tired because you don't really wake up
this early
I do the ones so hard for you to get up
but that's how I told you to sleep at 9
you don't even want to how can you be
backed up but sleep and I tell you my
bro I don't just we going going mom
is this the earliest we've ever been at
the new office or what earliest you've
ever been the new office know you've
been here earlier yeah I think that way
earlier than you do I think you do too
yeah well they show photo shoot a video
so I'm enjoy used to this day I used to
waking up early yeah yeah well yes and
no no because sometimes we have the
complete meetings or we have late shoots
yeah and then that kind of like are you
tired now hell yeah
then how come we never want to sleep are
there well there's stuff it's not even
that important it's your health your
health is a mount important unlike you
so for example I think you're referring
to me cleaning my room yesterday yeah
and for me if my space that I need to
relax in is it clean it stresses me out
but for you you can live like a pig and
you're perfectly fine I don't live like
a pig everything you clean now your side
looks like mine so you stubble a lot
more to go I don't have clothes a pile
of clothes I just have a pile of
paperwork I haven't done yet but I don't
have a pile of clothes like you do no I
don't have so the only reason why you
saw the pile of clothes is because I was
using that clothes for the photo shoot
no because every time you have a shoot
you just throw all your clothes in the
corner and it just piles up you never
put it away yes I mean you said the same
thing I just said yeah so what I'm
saying is you're constantly a pig with
all your clothes all over the place that
finally like once a month I'm constantly
a pig I'm constantly in motion and I
said every single Sunday for reset day
you're the pig because you don't have a
reset day you just have a pile up let's
see when I
time date and that doesn't happen is
it's been what like six months well I'm
a busy guy oh and then Wow that did you
see the tone change what's cuz I want to
sleep early and I want to build snuggle
with you is it so bad to want to snuggle
with you know you don't it has it been
every night these days did you get in
last night I don't think so
yeah right I went to sleep early I went
to sleep before you did I don't know
you're like fucking around doing
something don't believe her lies as is
the earliest you've waking up in a while
the Mexican basketball shit that was not
liked one or two yeah we're done like
ten oh yeah maybe the photo shoot yeah
I'm so now you stood I pulled up and
there's so much traffic I'm like Oh
crazy look if you look out the window
look at this this is Ellie morning
trafficker this is local it's not even
the freeway I'm like holy shit I'm not
used to this this is crazy because of
all the traffic on because we're used to
driving normally like I'm used to having
no traffic at all at all yeah yeah are
you ready to film babe okay let's get
ready got the camera set up we got the
main light set up so usually you have
like a little uh I believe they call
this a key light I'm not a lighting
technician so I don't know but the key
light is usually the one that lights the
subject then we've got a little
backlight and this is cool because this
lights the back of the hair so it gives
it a slight glowing effect and it
separates the subject from the
background then we set up this little
background light these lights are
actually prompt lights by the way
they're not even film lights but we just
set it up because uh it actually looks
pretty good and then now
to turn on the gangster gangster the the
buttons actually down here it's tucked
in down here somewhere on it is watch I
am alright oh yeah this is a our new
big-ass TV that we're gonna have for our
conference room so this room doubles as
not only the barbell Brigade talk show
set but also our conference room where
we have our weekly barbell burgade
corporate meetings and we have plugs put
in place so we could put on a big-ass TV
so we have to show each other clothing
samples videos photos we can all look up
on here and we're gonna have a little
mouth so I'll tell a little bit and now
we can all meet and see what the hell
you're talking about
babe are you ready you want to get
locked up you're gonna get locked up and
not get in place are you gonna eat first
we're just gonna drink coffee first
okay sounds good
did I just have to remove either James I
didn't 3:17 what do you guys do right
now we are a powwow production powwow oh
you guys go over scripts and stuff
is that what all those highlighter marks
are well this is what these words aren't
your script what does the green mean
cast what does yellow mean location what
does pink mean props oh cool
how do you like the lunch I got you I
love it I was starving
this place is bomb ah hell yeah it is
really good Sushma David took me to
sushi can have you been there so it's
actually like one of the best spots in
j-town and it's not the best spot as in
like the fanciest super expensive it's
like for a good quality just standard
queen sushi no I never been we're just
good quality standard sushi like like
Japanese a subway station style that's
what it is so every piece of sushi is
like really clean I actually really like
this place and it's a pretty affordable
too and it's down the street
and it doesn't look like a lot but it's
actually pretty filling is he yummy why
did you bite your lip for you Sushma
Koosh what I'll leave you guys be I'm
gonna see what's going on out there
what's going on out there we have a
packed house today we have a company
meeting a monthly company meeting so
everyone's out here but also David came
out here to work the homie bleah Daniel
Ryan what are you showing them the deme
that guys fucking Jack David his name is
Joe Lee that pulls back
you think it's because of RAM can the
Dean put more RAM in there to make his
computer speed up Oh doesn't it depend
on the slots so if there's like four
slots right and each one of us four kids
around can't you put like eight gigs of
RAM and each one of them and make it 32
does it work like that I mean you don't
mati just bring it in you just take him
to the Apple store and go hey I want
more RAM you just got to do it at the
Apple Store it comes with me you're 16
oh so what this is you have your
installed RAM which is 16 years and then
Ram observed for other applications five
and RAM available for premieres 11 so
you can just down that too as well as
possible through your you can allocate
where your RAM is going
and we complicate there's low as three
gigs of RAM for any other applications
one let's play let's see if it works
that's sick
well cool it's not slowing down did it
work
let's go in the damn did you see a David
set up
he has his laptop closed but then he
works off his monitor and he also has a
keyboard would you ever want to do that
that's an aspirin I'll put a quote why
not patents to work on see it should
strike reinstated the monthly meeting
for JK pose I think things were super
crazy so many years and then we have to
old office and these are a little bit
more stable and more people are working
on unity today this one gotta get out
how did you feel about having our first
monthly meeting in life like six months
I felt like we like six months of absent
artists in the six months where we
didn't have meeting I felt like we like
there somehow that we just grew
exponentially in terms of like
professionals in like our careers that's
like I think before I always smelled
like a circle meeting like it's like
little powwow a little like know what's
up there going like that
synergy going yeah that always felt like
those at Cooper's friends being up and
doing something big you know and now
it's up it for ones that actually felt
like we were still friends but actually
felt like was a professional feeding
together down and actually planning on
even bigger things you know they
definitely felt like we grew in that six
months of quite happy it's almost like
you know what eating their friends first
want to meet up and they're like let's
start this t-shirt company and all right
do you have the designs an order yes
about you yeah I'm gonna do the shipping
and the boxing like it's what you're
doing it it is I guess business but it's
not that big being away everyone carries
out to be with business parts many
people yes now yeah but they're now it's
like for real since I have said these
people fill orders north showing these
people so orders but we gotta send our
t-shirts out and it just feels like wait
one that Jimmy got swimming in or not
now yeah for sure
like before I was like no but now it's
like of course routine you know it's the
script is straight to brass tacks know
about you better know yeah did you want
to tell any of the guys out there any
updates
teacher overhead now the fellow man or
way ahead now I know you guys don't wait
for the feature but just feel so at the
end of 2014 we went up this video on JK
films were talking about women and kids
because we haven't worked on a non-stop
we've went through multiple ideas taking
on a lot of meetings of Hollywood but in
2015 passed and nothing happened but now
2016 I think we're really serious and
while me Casey
meet up on the creators of it me John
Michael Ben being on the business end of
it and there are a lot of production
companies that are very very interested
so it's definitely going to happen but I
didn't realistically timeline watch it
might even be like 16 you find my script
70 me shoot movies maybe Film Festival
but whatever like then literally so
realistically probably 18 and if things
get accelerated maybe the end of 17 but
most likely 18 if not even my summer
updating but how do you feel about like
the feature the states and now and been
able to progress I think it was it was
required struggle because I think a
strong biscuits and
yeah this all these focus on the teacher
bringing be able to get the teacher done
but I don't think that's like very
wishful thinking because we never done
anything of this capacity before you
know we can pump it up like that like a
skip yeah
that's not condensers gonna be a really
bad movie I think we went through like
it could maybe like half a year of all
three of us being together and transfer
god I did and we never really finalized
anything because there's always at least
one fold with any given consequently
we're actually fishing with one another
and one is also we're so excited within
our tastes like we couldn't call the Sun
one idea and so now appreciate down
where it's just you and me now it's a
much more focused
I guess decision-making process the
integrative process in terms of how
we're gonna come up the story and and I
think we were just having with you even
though we were really big ideas at one
point and then we were scanning out to
Indy ideas but we thought like it would
be a little too serious like any films
typically aren't as in these comedies
they're not as last stage has like the
studios of comedies major and so ever
they can hold you know the studio comes
a little more of our a leader the
broadness of it right we never leave any
sort of like serious acting in our
sketch and so I think it took us a while
before I realized we should actually get
VI
in the alley of what we have access to
and what we know you know and that's
where the previous go secondly the
second time he came out of it and then
but we're still struggling struck
structurally white whites with that
concept and so we met you landed on this
third idea and it looks like that were
like right hand
but we do know characters like that
right hand and I know the structure of
it and we know the structure yes every
simple effects like from that first idea
that they're having and now it's like so
much wonderful by so much more need you
to like fulfill like a little the be
sheets and stuff yeah I just and easier
like it's just easier to grasp now yeah
in the beginning we I think like a lot
of artists you kind of overestimate
yourself you know like let's say you've
been writing songs here and there
serenading your girlfriend you're like
you know album and then we start
recording an album and you realize you
gotta have some radio hits you gotta
have some those songs that make it rolls
back into pennies and you know out some
of those songs that give you street cred
like you like spa I don't know either
need to have this entire range of songs
on my album same thing happen with us
with the film where you've been doing
sketches and
literally and we came when it came time
to do in that feature I'm gonna kill him
and we realize fuckin future this one
there now after going through the
process of my three or four of them our
last one now we're really really proud
up and it's been moving very quickly and
I think my coffees it just practice
makes perfect and even though we've been
I guess scoring quote veterans in the
sketch making we're still complete one
piece in the future but I think we first
started for some reason the about we had
is easier marriage and fulfillment
process you know that what we have to
like do something for us that speaks to
our community without doing what our
community has been doing all along so we
focus so much on that probably be kind
of got away with the creating kind of
feathers in a hole and then the last
couple idea is actually what they will
do in a way and these times much faster
we just we threw in the whole minimal
ourselves we didn't exactly and now it's
just it's like the creators to lose on
now stay tuned for two years in 2018
it's gonna happen let me see let me see
if it's shades I'm in yeah no it's no I
was jubilant of me see why did you make
me look at it it's medium rare yeah what
are you talking about it
