I thought that was not gonna fit the
extra-large why is there such a large
man and the coach's jacket whoo look
they're gonna melt my camera dude
zing okay si what do we got going on
today
steamy but you know that I gotta get the
beaner to do all the dirty work and I'm
happy about it you know
so we gotta pick our products to make
them look up to I guess one thing I love
about beaners is that they always have a
smile is that a good thing or that it's
a good thing no I know back in the day
when I was in the Marine Corps one thing
I loved about working with Mexicans in
my unit is like all the other races
they'll always complain right it'll be
like 4:00 a.m. in the morning we got to
go five miles we gotta load this truck
we got to go somewhere else and everyone
complains all the time to like fuck this
fucking early and especially the black
balls they complain the most I don't
know why but they always complain it
look man fuck this you want to fuck we
up so uh why can you wake up but in the
Mexicans they're always up at like 4:00
a.m. smiling like a motherfucker
and then sometimes those fools don't
even sleep they partied all night at
2:00 a.m. and they only sleep 2 hours
and they're up and they're still getting
shit done and because of that it makes
working a very very fun environment
I mean I'm just like a happy guy
everybody's making you happy you know
that's awesome really happy
what's your uh konnichiwa fool meet you
up what's your job on set today my job
said it's under barley I'm the
photographer for today well you are the
barbell brigade photography were about
to say it and then you didn't say it
perfect kind of weird like saying that
why but that's myself but that's what
you are yeah I know but that's funny
you know yeah so how far we get
photographer today I'm gonna document
our newest apparel line which is fucking
sick as you can tell I don't really need
to say that much I'm really like stoked
to like take these photos you know yeah
a little bit nervous you know because I
want to do my best
I don't want to let anyone down but I
feel very confident that today is gonna
be awesome I don't get some really cool
pictures hope you guys agree so we shall
see you've been killing it with the
pictures troll thanks man proud of you
cry cry me what's your job on set today
Evan not being a patient's TV singer's
why is your hair always so sexy all the
time I hear ya never some people don't
know
hot off but your hair looks like like Al
Pacino
yeah looks well she'll have any steam
yourself right oh damn be careful as hot
water
outro punishes me out of the new
launches what's your favorite product my
favorite product is out of the things
we're coming out with Oh jacket this one
right here receipt yeah I like the
quality on this thing way and that
little label at the bottom all the
details I think I on say try it on Sam
what's this giant man doing on set today
I'm gonna be your the model god damn
Emma sighs man you really guys know you
needed a plus sign Oh
Brendan's like 260 or something I
thought it was gonna be like double
itself he's just wearing XL you're
badass yeah but I don't make you look as
good as the way he does yeah I'm shorty
silly he's pretty good team it might be
wired but I can fit into smaller clothes
because bigger clothes just look super
baggy on me
I see are you excited about what's going
on today I am super excited because it's
been a long time coming we've been
pressing for months um so to finally
have something in our like something
tangible in our hands and now be able to
put it on athletic bodies and our
friends if yours back is going to be so
fucking surreal to witness it's going to
be a lot of fun what are you the most
excited about just seeing what you make
pick up the laptop just just which was
gonna produce um just what our friends
are gonna produce to because they're not
professional models you know like
they're they're very passionate about
just fitness fitness being athletic um
so just had it the two worlds just
combined it come together and for sure
especially he's come a long way this
year so last year that would it's like
if you guys look at like through his
Instagram light up a year ago to what
he's been producing there's been like
this arm a huge change and um uh and I'm
just super excited to see what he's
gonna learn now because like every time
I see a new photo that he produces I'm
just like why this is dope coupled with
our stuff just doesn't really help you
know like I haven't seen anything
Fitness related that doesn't involve a
barbell in the mouth or do flexing other
was put marbles in the mouth I don't
know r45 played in the mouth I mean you
can you can argue to say our logo has
Barba Anna school which is used oh let
us live in the mouth it's not in the
mouth and it just looks like a poison
sign so it looks like some deadly shit
is about to happen
so I feel like you know our clothing
just has like this dope swagger to it
aggressive really clean vintage raw
masculine but very artistic feel to it
you know that's awesome
do you guys agree you know yes they do
look like sign you're so fucking excited
me no fan bricky god damn calm down
let's see who we got over here what's
your job on set today hey Ron I know
double a Ron my legs all jacked up so
I'm kind of like the extra extra help
yeah in the meantime I'm doing all the
color correction for the photos that are
going on the website the product photos
that does look pretty dope one thing
that a lot of people forget about
business and marketing is you can have
the dopest products but if you have
shitty photos you're not doing your
products justice because they can't see
in a person and that's why aaron has the
magical touch to make the product photos
look legit and we want to do justice to
the actual product because they look
fucking donations that's true we're all
very excited and proud that's so true
the beam the beam hello hey what's your
name my name is Joe and what are you
doing on set today besides ripping
shirts with your biceps I am taking my
shirt off and putting other shirts on
that look really nice
oh cool sounds fun I'm excited
what's your job Lizzy look what's
putting on clothes here
first shot of the day about to get the
party started
I made sure to bring the Bluetooth
speaker because music is so important
for photoshoots a lot of people they
forget to realize yes although the image
you're trying to capture is a still
image
it's a millisecond shot but there needs
to be emotions there needs to be a
feeling that's conveyed on that paper
and so what I notice from all the
professional photo shoots that I've been
on the most successful ones they play
music of that emotion they're trying to
convey so for example if they're
shooting lingerie they might play
something sexy of beat like this go EDM
or whatever they're trying to shoot like
a hardcore scene to play like death
metal or whatever for us I'm playing the
old-school outcast music because we got
that grimy that dirty that robbed a real
truthful authentic feel that we're
trying to convey with our first launch
so that's what we got going on across
the street over there getting their
first shots we got Gio directing the
shoot we've gotten a team on the big
camera we got judo for the photography
and we got Evan on camera B and we got
Scooby looking like a schoolboy and we
got Lizzy waiting on standby and I got
the speaker over there and we bump in
music and we've got to get this party
started look how beautiful la is what in
the which is that are the firefighters
putting out a building or are they
practicing that's looking crazy we're in
the middle of a photo shoot and then I
just see
a fire fire firefighter spraying water
somewhere that's fucking insane
oh not to mention today is such a
perfect day because if you look at the
out the overcast I was about to say out
castle when you look at the overcast a
lot of people don't like this look just
because it looks kind of gloomy so a lot
of people like the golden hour or
sunrises and sunsets because it has this
very very bright happy feel and although
we enjoy that look to for our specific
look with this launch I think we're
calling this the black line having this
like looming dark like something's about
to happen and Gotham feel is exactly
what we wanted which is why we chose
this day with overcast so everything is
going smooth everything is looking good
so far
got the music bump in Lizzy getting
ready and the firefighters about to put
out the fire cuz we are fired
motherfucker so how did the first shoot
go the first shoot went really really
well
cuz um we're working with athletes that
are our friends and they're not
professional models by any means but
they were - killin it they had so much
confidence and and like initially I was
prepping them thinking like okay like
for myself like I need a lot of prep is
on on a professional artist when I work
with other photographers I really need a
lot of hand-holding like okay this is
your motivation think about this move
your body so that's what I mean so since
that's what I need I figured okay these
guys are also not models like myself so
I need to do the same type of prep work
for them that I need um but when I gave
them that it seemed like they didn't
even need it because they were just so
confident in their own skin that they
were
hey this is what I feel like doing
whatever motivation true Geo just gave
me this is how I'm gonna interpret it
and they just like ran with it and it
looked really really really really well
like I couldn't be happier because
because I feel like when you work with
people that don't have confidence in KA
myself when it comes to photography then
it makes your job a lot harder but these
people
nailed it super confident looked really
really good in the clothes they filled
it out really nicely like Lizzie has
like tattoos
so that complimented that clothes really
really well she has ginger colored hair
so it looks really cute and then um
Brandon who's like this like giant teddy
bear looks really massive and if you do
like this it's for the intimidating look
but then as it is we would have a
picture he'd side smiling and those are
the pictures that we actually wanted the
smiling ones so it was a lot of fun it's
really cool and I can't wait to see what
the other models are going to put out
how come we decided to go with guys that
are models um I decided to go with
hesitant models because I wanted to stay
true to our brand so our fitness
inspired a brand and I didn't want to
put people that's not to say that
they're not into fitness but I just
didn't want to put people that I didn't
feel um would really would really relate
to the whole um fitness side of it yeah
um because we are primarily known for
our gin which is a part of the gym
weightlifting gym so I wanted to stay
true to that in the beginning because
that's what people are used to but
that's not to say that this isn't for
the masses yeah so I wanted to give
people what they're familiar with and
then it slowly I'll be like hey but
check it out like these people like it
but also people that do yoga like Lizzie
she's a promise that she does yoga but
again I feel like you know we kind of
have to slowly
um pull people into that because again
we as a brand need to
need to do that one thing that I thought
was really cool is that I think for
people that I do lift because they have
a non average body it's really hard for
people that lift like for example have a
big butt out big legs it's hard for me
to find clothes that fit so I'm always
getting like medium sized underwear
because I have a small waist but the one
I had when it gets time to get pants I
have to get extra large because in my
big ass cuz pants don't stretch the way
underwear does and one thing that I was
noticing about the shoe is that the
clothes look really good on both Lizzie
and Scooby and their bodies are
completely different completely
different they're kind of irregular and
so for clothes to be able to look dope
and swagged out on people with very
extreme bodies I feel like that really
achieved our goal where we want to bring
street wear to the fitness industry
absolutely because that is the main
reason why I wanted to showcase it with
people that are actually athletes for
the same reason interested
yeah and now because they can make you
look good I know everyone else can make
you look goodness we have a regular body
it's really easy to put clothes on
because she's got a find your size but
like everything looks good on Jo
everything let's go Don Casey but it's
really hard to make stuff look good on
people that really really trained
because the clothes they're just not
made for like extreme shapes yeah I
can't wait for the next shoe
but Abra how's the shoe so far the shoe
as uh I want to compare it to like my
knee and you know that first quad that
you have to go up and then nervous you
know but once you get that first squad
in you feel fuck yeah fucking three
white lights now I just have to worry
about the rest of the meat get out the
bum out
yeah what's like this I took some shot
and I might hold down there looking dope
and then that's how the snowball effect
like shot off the shots are getting even
better and better and better
just because I felt more confident with
my eye and the direction we were going
to so so far it's going awesome and I
I'm feeling very excited happy times so
much fun that's the most important part
cuz you always got to have fun yeah how
did you like the clothes on our models
they look good the closure yeah I do it
I was like if I was not further
propagation of a bankrupt I'll be buying
one I want to look at for collection
want to wear it's like the Jordans you
know you gotta have it once to beat up
and once you like collect yeah lasting
barber get clothes I was like damn
sheriff I can fly that's tight how did
you like shooting a girlfriend Priscilla
um well I mean like shooting my
girlfriend um you should her like often
or no I don't show too often but I like
taking pictures of her because I think
she's so beautiful yeah so I'm like oh I
gotta capture these moments cuz when
she's like 16 wrinkly should I lift that
fine
no she'll be ugly as fuck oh yeah so
when I look at her now god damn Harry I
remember eating that when you were fine
yeah but yeah I mean it was cool
shooting her like it's so cool like
she's like willing to do it you know I
told her yesterday it feels
last-minute thing too because a person
cancelled on my solo like oh you know
what fat I call it fatty you've had you
down to do it and she's like yeah so
she's such a great girl like she's like
a ride-or-die Hina yeah I love that
about her
so I want to make the best out of it I
don't want to feel like she's wasting
her time
that's dope why do you call her fatty
she's not fat she's not fat by calling
fat Atkins cute it is cute
all right good job let's keep killing it
that's cool so we just finished the
shoot and it was a long long day I'm
super exhausted and my brain is fried as
well as my body so my body is really
tired just because he's been standing
all day we haven't really had a chance
to sit I think we stood around for over
eight hours wonderful location of the
location but my brain is fried because
we had to shoot the Marbella brigade
2016 apparel launch video and unlike
this where I can just talk to you guys
just completely based how I feel and
kind of just you know kind of spin ball
and let you guys know my thoughts for
the barbell brigade
Apparel video or any other like more
polished video for that matter I was
about to say modern matter you have to
speak cohesively I try to be concise and
be articulate because it's the video
that needs to be polished and it's going
to a certain platform so it has to make
the brand look a certain way and with
vlogs like this like I'm just talking to
you guys connecting with you guys so I
can speak it it complete sentence and I
can tell you guys ideas and with the
other more polished stuff it's like my
brain has to be operating like at 110%
and every time after we shoot like one
of those more polished videos whether
it's like a JK adventure or anything
that like were like the key road to
success key to success that dj khaled
well like a road to success for JK film
any of those polish videos where we have
to get really you know
cific thoughts out there after we shoot
those videos my brain is fried it feels
like I just had a discussion and debate
as if I finished shooting just kidding
Neil's vision I always tell you guys
after just getting use my brains fried
I guess my my my brain gets fried I'm a
lot of these creative videos with no
scripts because uh you know I gotta kind
of figure out the script on my own to
make sure I'm able to speak in a way
everyone understands me but yeah we I
think that the shoot went really really
well all of our friends really killed it
and I'm just so excited to show you guys
what we've been working on really been
working on this for like the past eight
months
and we're really trying to take this new
direction with barbell brigade having a
more street look and it looks very
impressive as a vintage retro look which
I don't think exists
the fitness industry right now in the
fitness industry there are a lot of
other brands coming up lifestyle brands
coming up but a lot of them are so uh
aesthetic focused you know like you got
brands that are like tighter joggers or
even more slipped and slipped fit jeans
you got tank tops that are as tight as
wife-beater there's nothing wrong with
that
there's definitely a crowd for like that
aesthetic and physique look but what
about just like the regular dude that
just wants to look fly and kind of rock
the clothes that they were rock inside
the gym there really isn't any like that
you know what about the dudes I just
want to wear clothes that represent that
that a street wear a lifestyle that the
hipster but not super like on the nose
like I'm organic or the fuckin lifestyle
like you know there's a lot of like City
type urban type metropolitan living and
they just that we just fight with that
more aggressive yet clean look and so
just copy that we're able to come out
with this I really think we're we're
going to start a revolution like our
designs I think are super dope super
clean and it's going to be good enough
to be like with all the other stores
like on Fairfax rosewood Melrose I want
our clothes to be like diamond life to
be like one beta be like Steve C to be
like supreme but not only look as good
as those but also feel as good as those
when you were in the gym working down so
that's kind of like the whole day and
I'm super excited Jill is the one that I
should hold McKenna right now and she
stuck through it she was the mastermind
behind the entire photo shoot I was just
there a simple matter with the video
portion being a demon everyone killed it
I'm just proud of our entire team that
no one bitched our wine and we just as
soon as the day started we just started
let me see let me see if it's shaved I'm
gonna you know no it's not why would you
lie to me
see why did you make me look at it it's
medium rare yeah what are you talking
about if
