hey whatever different people just got
to the office and everyone's already
here hustling yep puro editing some
photos with the fresh cut we're good on
your mouth while eating too much cooler
well it cuts fresh that blister though
got a go little ass eater and then we
have by our we have a Nadine and Yvonne
that's a street name but in the
obviously calling Evan what the fuck
what the hell and then we have Ren who
just likes to fuck around all day
I'm not look look at all over here
you're all over there
I'm so far look if I wanted to punch you
look at look at that it's so far you're
weird
why is everyone so fucking sexual right
now the hell no barrette actually works
really hard Thank You Ren and then Erin
daddy played clay like that he's
connecting with all them hoes and all
the different area codes oh yeah right
see I called it like that's why he has a
knife I know tell me about your little
your little your little one little yeah
what's going on with those what inspired
it in when did you get it just like you
knew the other blogs that I'm sure you
already mentioned we got broke into well
really walked into truth cuz we left the
door wide open our fault and my broken
ass can't run after it
so cuz your calf is still fucked up but
yet you still refuse to take care of
yourself there's no bandage or anything
on it fuck it oh yeah we're here freely
sometimes too whenever in the morning
damn and now that we know that people do
actually come in here that don't belong
it's kind of I would say a essential
today what you might so I haven't
mentioned what these toys are yet oh so
number one this is like walking to the
car toy damn dog holy shit that thing
looks yeah door opener okay a letter
slash letter opener but a hole open air
for sure and this is a meat cleaver I
don't know if that's a cleaver dude
that's like slaughtering the cow
so it's a it's what on what let me see
that on one side its you said it's
double-sided yeah I still assigned it's
the one sides like a spa holy crab
spiders it's just your basic $10 is it
really $10 or $15 butter knife oh wait
no no I'm serious
it's $15 you just got it online or you
just went to like a big 500 won cuz I
can't shoot you as well wait but if you
can't walk why would you get a knife or
you need to put force like it's such an
intimate up like weapon you have to go
coop yeah but what if the other person
has a gun then you with it with the with
the knife you go shrink shrink shrink
and you just you you do not the bullets
out of the out of your direction you so
much so there was this article on JK
knees that we talked about yesterday
that I thought was pretty fucking - up
so it was this grandma and this grandpa
lived in a house right so this 25 year
old broke into this the house with the
knife stabbed the 89 year old grandpa
stat like immediately saw him started
stabbing him the wife the grandma walks
downstairs she's about 89 as well
she sees the grandpa right she sees the
grandpa lying on the floor a pool of
blood
she runs upstairs gets her like I think
38 millimeters or some shit runs into
the 25 year old intruder shoots him
Shawn three times got him all three
times
in that crazy
the old man survived the intruder died
but but it's like I don't know I just
feel like I think we should all kind of
have that option
you know like luckily for the grandma
that dude came in with a knife but
people aren't trying to ban knives so
it's like we'll see you could commit a
crime with anything right it's still a
weapon or what Oh an axe right a battle
axe something right so that's why I'm
like dude can we have options for guns
at least like I'm not like super pro-gun
but now reading these articles it's like
fuck if you can't defend your own house
like who's gonna do it for you like us
those people walked in we had a gun I'm
sure they would think twice before they
come in the front says like B we're at
war it'll just
thank you beware up stats we all carry
guns huh
well what's funny is that she's like
your knight I know how did you how did
you jump on it oh you wanted a decision
we're actually gonna warn her today
we're gonna see her see if she feels
comfortable or not I don't know man
she's got a 26 year old kid she's gonna
hit you she has a kid your age yeah
shouldn't give you a fucking trunk lasso
like I went from gun stick like in a
fucking spatula I almost forgot the most
important thing so the homie aka
the son aka barbell manager aka little
hustler aka
fuck him barbell model aka entrepreneur
left me a little present right here look
at that look at this he knows how much I
love pizza but I don't know if it has
anything to do with my passion for late
pizza so let's see what's inside
he was like yesterday send the text and
he was like hey guys I left a little
surprise on her desk it's right here
being a little creek just snuck up on me
boy
damn vlog inception law exception
alright so I'm like this is tight what's
in here here you go a moment of truth
right there partner
oh shit look at this what is this you
guys can't read the note because it
might be a little secret but we'll get
this bit life fit like calm without the
eye though so don't misspell that shit
but look at this hold on I got a problem
I got a practice because I got to get
hands-on with this I gotta get this real
quick all right
here it is yeah whoa what is this
look at this damn dog look at the
freakin color and attention to detail
the pizza has little pepperonis see how
he definitely killed our first barbell
release for sure ours did not look this
extravagant look at that zero calorie
pizza made in Los Angeles and so for
real you made barbell brigades first
movies ever look like he's beautiful
Sarah you did a great job you should be
proud of yourself
support support the movement fit life
like your socks though laundry day
here aka Papa what are you complaining
about right now what was he complaining
about David they wouldn't talk to me
about them
David you're gonna play me complaining
about food and where was it he said that
was yeah he's like I've been waiting an
hour but we had an interview with
someone that has only been here for 20
minutes
well you order food like 3:35 yes I said
it takes over an hour I know it wasn't
335 and they ordered that porn no you
did 335 do you want to call them they
probably got the late because somebody
needed to change their order change
order you didn't change it at all why
the reason why is grub up they try to
call them and the number that's on their
website and yell
so it's a phone even getting made who
knows
some of that I check up on them
you should oh look at that
trying to ignore him because he's
calling me out but he's got a shipment
of oh can we close the doors there's
dogs late oh geez
what is this where's this me Oh
refrigerator who gave you that thing
Thanks
what's happening so removing this
cabinet elsewhere but the funny story is
I built this cabinet and first we put it
over there okay we swapped it to this
side who said swamp okay but now we're
swapping this is something that and is
it super lighters it's super heavy
you're such a cool what are you two
making those you rich completely like
that like this
seems our
damn sorry Sara
thank you actually good enough we put
off a little movie zombie thing why are
we moving at babe well cuz as you can
see it reflects a lot of light yeah it's
not gonna look good for this damn
manager hey but you know what what
your shoes are flies but it makes the
outfit look dull bright like if his
shirt wasn't so faded it's like this
okay okay fine what oh yeah yeah you in
a little boy
I looked it up
should be they thought that other one
yeah
uh-uh Spicer oh this does not look good
I think at this point because there's no
room there I think I would just be in
the way
oh there you go
hell yeah that's why wait wait you got
stuck on a bunch of courts I should have
moved just put it out for now yeah yeah
I don't know where to put it just yet
but I just put it out why I thought you
need to light it
we can't let's just put it there and
then we need to do it we'll move it up
oh yeah move it out
we'll just leave it out there for now
thank you
why not brew it in hi hi there it is
Oh smell that booty no we don't still
what the thing give us a tour of your
hospital
well but I still need a fix things like
the dining table that one's really light
ya know
watch out watch out down
a lot of moving happening right here and
I don't know what's going on over here
what's happening right here all we need
to get was Joe and John right
what hi boy are you waiting for what are
you waiting for
I love you
oh is that what you're looking for
Wow one-track mind
Ronen one-track mind is this what you
want is that what you want
do you want that do you want that oh you
want that Ronin you're silly
you big cube bigger baby
so you want
look at that Paul okay I can't give it
to you cuz all the other dogs are gonna
fight let's leave it there come here
come here on it
Wow look at your son one-track mind
where his toys now likely not me I stand
up not in the same position
don't say you of outside life dude he's
still sitting there and he's he just
blends into the shadows wow he's cute
though favorite things about having my
desk face the wall
this girl's always with me huh let me
see if she'll follow me let's see if
she'll get into your position look at
that guy over there in everyone's way
look at that everyone's away
see and she's comfortable you big baby
you big baby you big a baby you big baby
can even see me
and then this guy hangs out with me and
then she'll get comfortable and she'll
stay with me too
I'm surrounded by so much rug so cute
it's so much very rug I love it
Rigi you want to run away again Briggs
oh I'm so lucky
Oh cut it out look at them I get to work
here and then they get to be here I'm so
lucky
there I think you're the most gullible
person I've ever met
true just said Bart said that he had
these shoes for 15 years
and that was your reaction Dan the
lighting in here looks great or maybe
it's you guys
wait what is that you take a picture no
it's really nice because I call these
modern-day photographers they gotta put
the photo to photo shop all the stuff
it's like good you're lame cuz they use
Lightroom bright you're oh right that's
the second step the first step this
photo shop and the second step this
Lightroom and then you have spar the X
it's that serious
there's another one studio sidekick so
you don't even know about these programs
I know that you have camel toe
we very there's that fun oh yeah that is
funny I'm just giddy I made up all those
programs okay fine and what's the big
ass monitor Oh
Jenna doesn't want to focus that big-ass
monitor can you see
we're going on a contract
mostly white people stuff
yeah the whole monitors blurred out
though it's blown out and it barely
wants to focus on you um finally home it
is I feel like this has become a custom
with mine 12:22 where I always show you
my phone I guess to prove a point that
it's late like you guys aren't gonna
believe me or something fucking relax
right Geo but since I've been tracking
there's certain numbers that I have to
hit and unfortunately today I only had
one freaking meal can you believe that
one meal so luckily and this is not a
paid sponsorship is not an ad but is
what I do you need to fill up my macros
oh fuck I got the wrong one
I got salt and vinegar which is not my
personal favorite I actually like
cheddar cheese and I thought it was
cheddar cheese because of the yeah
orange so I might have to just get
another one but I got protein bars and
I'm actually really excited about these
cuz this is called their protein crunch
and it's like a cereal bar and it's
actually pretty freakin good like I'm
not the biggest fan of the artificial
flavoring which these do have but very
minimal compared to all the other
protein bars out there the macros of
these aren't as good as the their
original bars cuz for example it's 5
grams of fat 18 grams of carb no big
deal but only 12 grams of protein which
I mean I'm only gonna probably eat this
just to get rid of any sweet tooth
craving crap but this is where the
money's at check this out 3.5 grams of
fat for fucking car and 22 grams of
like you can't go wrong with chips and
they don't have artificial flavoring at
all or that artificial sweetener
aftertaste is what I meant to say but I
have a sweet tooth that instead of
eating all the other shit that I have in
my kitchen that's not good for me
I'll just consume one of these but like
I think that I don't even think they
sell these yet cuz it's like all
mismatched in here and it's not a
variety pack this is chocolate peanut
butter but there's barely any comments
peanut butter ma'am I don't a hair bear
I actually had I think I'm in it so I'm
gonna eat the strawberry which I'm kind
of hesitant because it's gonna have the
most artificial flavorings but I'm
craving something strawberry so I'm
gonna eat that I'm gonna swap these
motherfuckers out for some chow cheese
because I ain't trying to fuck it I'm
lazy let me see what the hell for lunch
look how quick they given well that's
vinegar all right
not anybody thought it would be hey 22
grams protein you can't you can't hate
on that so this is this combined I'll be
eating 12 them to 32 grams of you know
34 grams protein with only that's for
that seven grams of fat god damn Thank
You quest like you're watching my videos
but this is money
mine anyways guys thank you so much for
following me on my day today
can't wait to see you guys tomorrow good
night
let me see let me see if it's shaved I'm
gonna yeah no it's not why would you put
it in me
see why did you make me look at it it's
medium rare yeah what are you talking
about if
