what stuff beautiful people it's a
beautiful morning today where everyone
is running late for ten o'clock meeting
it is see if I can zoom in on that bitch
it is 10:21 a.m. and it was about ten
five when I sent a group or I sent a
text message to the group and I was like
hey guys I'm running a little late and
then as soon as I wrote that or other
people were like yep I'm running late -
I'm running they're mine and then out of
one of them he was like oh shit
overslept
it's pretty funny cuz that's exactly
what happened to Bart yesterday at our
JK party shoot he set his alarm for 8:30
but instead of putting and he overlooked
and it was and it was set to p.m. so
that happened today it's a Michael while
he says he overslept so if you didn't
necessarily put it you didn't make that
am/pm mistake but he's not here Ryan's
here and one of the party offenders one
of the late offenders sean is one of the
latest Enders - yeah I don't think
anyone was here on time actually I know
I thought all of you guys are gonna be
on time so then I was just like do you
see the text yeah yeah no no that was
Bart Bart did that latter yesterday
no Michael said he did it today I think
he was kidding
was he oh yeah I wasn't you yeah that is
so funny news in a row famous name that
is great
Michael okay it's the comers this and
how they're just a party meeting at
10:00 a.m. and I put my phone in
airplane mode because I don't like to be
woken up before the alarm goes off right
and I look up too intense and routine
outside oh shit you know it's a reason
why I will go with this because I set my
alarm for 8:30 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. so
yesterday Barclays like jiske party
because in the exact same thing and I
think 8:30 is cursed because he will go
at the same time yeah okay I check wait
focus hold on come on
higher
check this out so I know you guys
already saw our farm all set but we just
made a revision to the set you guys
ready so I know you guys might not
notice a difference but look at this
couch that's the cuffs that we used to
sit on but look at how fucking huge that
sign is what the fuck okay I need to
give you guys oh yeah can you stand by
it please so we could be Troy's gonna
stand by it just so they can see like a
reference of how huge this thing is look
at all tiny be try looks nice what do
you think about it too small bro
yeah now like I was saying now you know
where the fuck you are you never lost
Aaron what do you think of our crazy
size sign honestly because with the
lights off it actually has enough light
now to light up the whole room
and now that the wood is bigger the
yellow sock lights reflect off if they
would instead of on the right and middle
yeah dead Bart see it yet
no oh let me go oh shit that's me
alright I'm gonna show forth our show
board our sign okay he's in the middle
of a meeting let's see if I can grab his
attention all right
oh I'm still talking sorry
interrupting there goes meatloaf I'm
totally interrupting right now you're
still waiting okay here comes okay while
I wait for them
these gentlemen are being super sexy and
building furniture yeah like real men no
directions where the directions nowhere
to be found
stupid why are there extra parts okay
I'm still waiting on work I think he's
almost done oh man okay maybe I might
have to do No
damnit yeah hold on I think I'm
literally standing right outside his
office wouldn't be surprised if you can
hear everything but me laugh though he's
always next support alright let's go
guys
alright the reveal time now gotta come
this way look at this shit
fucking huge now the big lights look
really dope on it
actually brilliant president
it looks sexy
see him dog you guys look so tiny
compared to it oh no he's still huge
okay that was it sorry for interrupting
you mean you guys we go back now okay
with the barbecue
Melo's how can we just throw yourself on
the floor he just walked up to me and he
just threw himself on the floor like a
belly flop and he opened up I have no
idea I was recording you just threw
himself he just threw himself no that
was more pleasant feeling he's just a
flop are you tired papa what's happenin
Co I'm not my phone
what time is it 10:30 10:42 I had a
really intense and long creative meeting
lip I'm sorry you're thinking of a scab
yeah you got away from you huh I had a
really long and creative feature-film
brainstorming session that was me lo
pushing me out of the way Casey today
and so my brain is fried you know what's
really can't about me look I'll just be
standing here and he just randomly just
likes distance happy to like all right
but he comes perfectly between my body
and my arm does you know that I have to
pet him when he calls any mother let's
see if he does it oh he walked away back
nope bailiff come here stop your silly
yellow raccoon face you make us so happy
boy you know what's awesome though I've
never hung out with so many dogs my
whole life like I wake up and I open the
door there the first thing I see yeah
yeah every morning at the celebration
yeah and then I go to the gym I save my
buys until I come back home and I come
back home I open the front door and I
see them again take a shower
I leave and then I go to the office and
I see them at the office all day and
then they'll hang up right behind my
desk around the floor next to my chair
use your dog usual happy but like I
really feel like we're a tight pack we
are and I think than anything I think
meatloaf really brought that out that
that kid do ya know what I feel like
meatloaf really brings a really dope
element and don't five like you only had
him what three weeks
yeah just like three weeks now we've
only had him three weeks and already you
trust him with like no leash yeah I
think like me and him we really had a
connection and like when you really have
a connection with the dog it kind of
goes beyond a lot of typical training
that you have to do with the dog like
for example for fun we had the teacher
to sit with the treat and then later on
like when we go to the dog park to keep
her close to us whenever she was just
like a five-foot radius I don't know
where he's going he's in the background
just making out kind of decisions
okay then father like it will make it go
like 10 feet and that's kind of how you
train a dog to stay around you you kind
of have these treats and trick them and
you're gonna train them for yeah
training longer distances to do
different things right but meatloaf like
he would just look at me and he'd be
like I got it I'm not gonna leave all
right that's what you want
so he'll communicate with me so I'd take
the leash off and I see him go up and
then about like 20 feet it turns back
goes pop or you know follow me in like
there's a lot of things that like kind
of like with Tyson um
I didn't have to train him and he'll let
me know what to do and there are a few
things of course I self attorneys a dog
but a lot of minimal yeah yeah a lot of
this stuff
a lot of the stuff that usually have to
train a normal dot you don't have to
like with them you know it's already a
chalice he's already jumps into the back
of the truck when I after taking the
gold P at the dog Relief Center at the
office I let go of the leash
he knows his way all the way back right
to her left turn right turn left her
straight to the office open the door to
the office the first thing he does is go
in my office see if I'm gonna be there
if I'm not then he goes somewhere else
or he goes to your office and then he's
like makes a little realm whole program
he's a very highly intelligent animal
but he still poops inside the house he
doesn't know the program it but he's
just very very smart
cuz like right now he knows to not poop
anywhere else so every time I think of
the dog Relief Center as soon as he
steps on those wood chips he poops
immediately he never books with me
within seconds he poops as soon as it
touches those wood chips huh me love you
look come here
he's in love with you such a good boy
you love your Papa huh you don't have no
idea maybe you do you have this so good
here love you so much big furry guy he
is he has it so good with you papa
sweetheart I'm so happy you picked him
yeah you made a great choice I was kind
of scared of him because I didn't know
him he's a big dog and he supposedly
killed another dog and I'm like oh no I
have two dogs he's gonna kill my two
dogs I was ready for him cuz they said
that he was supposedly hyper aggressive
and I'm like that's Tyson so I was ready
to rehabilitate another dog but he was
actually wrongly accused from at least
what we've seen for the past few weeks
damn that's crazy this pot this pauses
why does fall for my fingers is that
crazy
that's crazy not okay papa bail I gotta
get ready for bed
hope you guys enjoyed our day have a
good night
bye bye I'd like me though
good night time to order bed oh you like
that huh like a belly see your eyeballs
is so black you big grandpa is that
grandpa he's jolly the puppy he living a
grandpa good night grandpa
Thank You cheek to the side your throat
yeah good night
