let's alright so I've already started my
day sorry that was really abrupt let me
let me start that hi guys hi how are you
doing I'm great thank you
welcome to the passenger seat of the Gio
Express I'm having a wonderful day
already and because this is why I had a
very abrupt intro I'm sorry for all of
you guys bringing headphones but I'm
happy because I'm on Tiger Bali
motherfuckas oh my god if you guys don't
know what Tiger belly is definitely
definitely go download or wherever you
listen to you know what was it called
podcasts and yeah look up Tiger belly
it's the funniest stuff you ever
listened to cuz I love Bobby Lee I love
his girlfriend Camilla and Gilbert like
they're just a really dope dynamic and
they have zero filter they give zero
fucks and they're like the realest
people ever I felt so at home I did this
podcast was probably like an hour long
and I kid you not it felt like I was
there for 15 minutes like granted in the
beginning you're gonna hear me and I was
very shaky and very nervous just because
I was out of my element and I wasn't
with my friends and um yeah I was
nervous I was intimidated I was like in
the presence of greatness you know like
they're they're very intelligent very
funny people and I'm like I'm not worthy
but you know within 30 minutes I'm just
kidding but I eventually warmed up and I
got very very comfortable they are
amazing please check them out
hold on I did put the seat belt on you
guys - you guys are safe but yeah listen
to them my favorite podcasts honestly
hands down I don't listen to anything
else and I'll put my life on this are
Joe Rogan and Tiger belly so do yourself
a favor and especially if you live in LA
there's nothing else to do but sit in
your car and listen to shit like have a
good laugh get some insightful stuff and
listen to the tiger belly but anyway
right now I'm actually going to the gym
because I have a staff meeting to attend
to that I'm
completely late because oh man holy crap
what the hell happened to my sweater
hoody goes wearing a sweater last night
that's very linty now I look like I
don't I live with cheap that's what I
look like but um
yeah what was I saying oh yeah I had an
emergency this morning so our mirror in
our bathroom and I'll show you guys this
later when I get back home
the whole thing just fell and it like
landed on the floor and it's like a
bunch of broken mirror everywhere we
cleaned it but yeah that's what I was
dealing with this morning so even though
that happened um I still managed to have
a good day just because of Tiger Bali
thank you but anyway I better stop that
and I better stop talking to my
passengers my passengers see like this
is really cool this is the passenger
seat experience so welcome to the Geo
Express again I'm like this is what I
would literally do if I had a passenger
so I hope I'm aiming the camera at my
face you guys are probably true starring
at my chin but I'm sorry you know safety
first
oh I'm talking about stuff in my bra
here because I because at this age you
don't know how to say look at that
I know because you'll get in trouble yay
I want to say other things but I don't
want to get in trouble by those fucking
yeah Hollywood law that's how we are
yeah yeah no I had really small boobs
and it was boob stop Boop I wouldn't
always stuff my bra with like cotton
balls and it was the stupidest shit ever
I don't even know why I did that
all right so I'm home now
and karamja has baby tyka in a little
swing you like the little swing like I
yeah you good boy
Oh yesterday we had our end of year on
wrap-up Christmas party for JK just JK
company and I brought him with me and
all the girls were like and I'm like
damn taiga you are so lucky you had
nothing but beautiful woman holding you
today
my mom's like oh you gotta touch a lot
of boobies oh you don't want me to say
that he's like if you touch big boobies
little boobies new oh yeah real ones big
ones so Tycho was all up on that
beautiful woman ahh beautiful women of
JK but I know in the car talk to you
guys about the venire incident I had a
funnel here this I got to show you the
before pictures as I go upstairs but let
me show you this where's my camera and
then I got to show you something free
candid with my phone that you guys are
probably gonna be like you're like you
are weird
like you guys coming mother
but hold on hold on here it is alright
so this is a before of what happened
look at that that's everything that
landed on the floor look at that you see
that our mirror just shattered and fell
off I have no more freaking mirror it is
so odd and I'm so glad I'm home was here
that got injured cuz that's a big-ass
mirror I would say it's about six by
four right it's look six by four it's a
big mirror yeah I'll show you with the
other one so it's the same size hi baby
on this side
this bathroom is has the same size
mirror and I got my Posse with me my
posse oh yeah it's this mirror so it's
not a small mirror see me in relation to
the mirror like it's big so this was
actually doing the same thing so let me
see if I show you like you see how it
moves it shouldn't be doing that so this
is on the verge of falling off - but
what's really cool about the home that
we bought it's um it's actually a brand
it's called Olson homes and its really
cool cuz uh they got a party right here
can you just move they could with
warranty and because this house was
newly built they know that it hasn't
shifted into the foundation yet so they
expect it to shift and when shifting
happens and a lot of things the
structure will change a bit it'll kind
of like move here and there uh not that
the house falls apart but things like
you know things might crack like the
paint my crack or whatever cuz the frame
changed just a little bit so they do a
three-month six-month and I think nine
month checkup or something like that and
then I think I have warranty for like a
year or three so when this thing fell
off they I contacted you know our point
of reference and he came in like the
next day which was today and he says by
Friday which is two days one day from
today um they're gonna prepare it if we
have charge and they're so nice they
were like oh we feel so bad
tell me your favorite restaurant will
take you up to dinner meaning like
they'll give us a gift card or something
so that we can go and eat and they felt
so bad so it makes me feel good buying a
brand at home so hey shout out the Olson
homes not sponsored but
but yeah speaking of sponsorship did you
guys see Gina did you guys see the
audacity of this girl did you see her
did you see her funny
so Gina for those of you that don't know
got sponsored by McDonald's and congrats
to hurt hold on I got first congrats to
her but I'm gonna hate I'm gonna hate a
little bit
what the fuck McDonald's I know I talk
shit about you and I know I don't
deserve you but I still give you my
money I have fans that love you you guys
love McDonald's it's not fake the funk
here um and Gina works with us we work
with Gina all the time
everyone would even consider Gina to be
JK but they decided to ignore and go
around that and still give Gina the
sponsorship and then look like a lot of
fun and I'm Heike jealous but seriously
it's all jokes I know a lot of you guys
come from a different generation and I
don't understand this new generation cuz
you guys see our friendship dynamic and
not you guys cuz you guys are our fans
so you guys understand our sense of
humor but it's just fans from other
channels that the ASD don't they might
be really young so they don't understand
like social interaction especially
amongst friends and when we mess around
with each other a lot of them get really
upset and they're like oh they don't
deserve each other
look at the weekly talk and I'm like
whoa have you never had friends like
were you messed around no like that's
that's interesting or maybe you were
just very mean and unaware but then I've
gone to other circles with a banter
that's what it is it's bantering and
they do the same thing and I'm like wait
I'm not the weird one I'm actually
pretty normal um so when I say this
stuff about Gina a hundred percent I'm
so proud of her and I'm so happy for her
like no doubt in my mind there's zero
like literally zero ounce of jealousy
because she deserves every
that she has cuz she's just fucking
awesome she's gorgeous she's highly
intelligent and she's super funny like
she is a triple threat dude like she's
fucking awesome so I'm so happy and I
can't think of anyone more deserving
than her to have that but it's jokes
when I say that I'm hating um and when I
say high-key or whatever so hopefully
that gives you guys a little bit more
insight to my joking around cuz honestly
with all of my friends um I never want I
don't want anything but the best for
them like I'm always their number-one
fan I'm always gonna push you know their
agenda and whatever they want to do for
life I'm always gonna support them and
unless they like lie to me and backstab
me I don't ever see me not ever
supporting them in any sort of way like
we've been friends for years and you
can't be friends with someone for years
with like a really bad like relationship
do you know what I mean like with family
members you you kind of you're stuck
with them so you don't have a choice oh
you you are stuck with them literally
for years but then um with friends like
they can come and go they have free will
like you're not bonded to them by any
means so the fact that you know we've
been friends for so many years should
tell a lot of people and again not you
guys cuz you guys get it but maybe you
can tell the other people if you see
them that we've been friends because we
have a really good relationship you know
but anyway I'm sorry for ranting now I
really need to work out but I'm in my
little beam chair I don't even know if
it please some sort of styrofoam it's
not very comfortable I bought it on on
Urban Outfitters thinking it was gonna
be softer than this I thought it was
gonna be like a big pillow and it wasn't
and it's very hard but it fit here in
the space in our room and it filled up
this empty whiteness which I still have
to put up frames I bought the frames now
I just got to put the pictures in them
and I gotta print the pictures and it's
such an interesting time for me because
shit here's another round let me you're
comfortable because
um I come from an era where you took a
picture and then you got the frame not
the frame you got the rule of pictures
developed and then yeah you would take
the roll go get it develop and then like
maybe a week or whatever you'd go pick
up the final product which are your
pictures and that's the era that I kind
of grew up with like I have I have photo
books I have a ton of them and and I
feel so bad for title yeah I can
essentially do the same thing for him
but that's it's a different workflow now
since it's the digital age so Tiger
doesn't have a physical photo book he
has an Instagram that's killing it by
the way he has a hundred and forty three
thousand followers like it took me like
seven years to get a hundred thousand
followers and it took this kid like
seven days like it's nuts but yeah it's
such an interesting time for me because
all of my memories have been captured
digitally and have been uploaded into
this digital world and that because like
I have a digital photo book so now when
I want to put pictures up I'm like I
don't have any physical pictures so it's
just like this additional step now they
gotta take not that I'm complaining but
it's just an interesting time it's a
long saying it's a very interesting time
I wonder how it's gonna be when Tigers
older and he'll be older like cohering
I'll just I'll just say by the time he's
18 like that's crazy to think of how the
world's gonna be 18 years from now if
it's advanced so much from when I was 18
when I was 18 we barely started using
you know the what is it called
Oh cellphones Wow I have mad mommy brain
I'm sorry and I'm so grateful for
everyone for the the last two of you
watching this video to this point
because I'm just ranting like a
motherfucker but yeah um I had my Nokia
for how it was but that's like I felt
like everyone had that phone because it
was a the it was affordable and that was
kind of the intro to to my digital I
didn't get internet until I was we
to my house until I was like in college
I remember getting a PC because my my
sister used like ms-dos and shit if you
guys know what that is that's not she
had like remember her writing her thesis
like for college on this computer that
was all black and their letters and
stuff were green is so odd anyway just a
little stroll down the memorylanes but I
think I'm also turn to buy time so they
don't have to Train cuz it's the middle
of a date I don't want to train but I do
want to train because I'm trying to look
sexy let me show you my stomach it's
getting better guys look at that I just
have this much to go you see this line
right here sorry it's kind of getting
personal now but this line i I've never
had it this start but I've always kind
of had a line there and some women have
hit some though but when I got pregnant
and my skin and my belly grew my skin
stretched then it became darker and more
apparent and my doctor said that's gonna
go away in a year so NoHo close for me
mm-hmm but anyway okay I'm done I'm
sorry I'm gonna Trina all right so I
just got back from getting my nails done
I got them a little bit shorter just
because I don't know I felt like I
couldn't do much especially with taya
but this is so cute his pup is watching
adn and Jones for the first time I've
ever it is are the Lost Ark I know
that's never seen it before but these
two guys are bonding
I like how rosy your cheeks are rosy
cheeks rosy
he wants to get up and start running
all right so it's bedtime now which
means we got to start wrapping it up
down here so we fix this area we clean
everything up we close that because a
lot of dogs like to chew on stuff I have
to excuse me pretty move my shoes out of
the way I can't go upstairs it's like I
know the downstairs is a mess it drives
me crazy wait a minute there's something
on tight this shelf that looks kind of
like tyka that's crazy looks just like
TECA hmm I wonder where attack goes
anyway well anyway um baby's not a toy
you're gonna kick everything over
adventure see his watch that what he did
what if she did
don't trip oh my god please
well when Tyco is not doing stunts and
parkouring everywhere um yeah clean
everything up Papa Bear likes the
charges on top but this the important
part we bring the bottles down every
night and wash them and then what to
fill them up with water and then bring
them back upstairs and type I just
graduated from his formula because now
he's wrong with it BA from newborn to no
so I don't think that it for him because
uh we were trying this out because he's
kind of a little bit advanced so I got
his great pictures okay he's not
supposed to have this until after three
months so I got her okay
and there goes Tyga doing parkour again
Jesus why is he smiling point show them
how he likes the small at himself why is
he laughing so much boy what the hell
he's just as bended in air if you smile
he's gonna keep doing it don't smile
don't smile for two like you're not
enjoying it okay
don't smile all right he was wearing one
that with the diapers I don't really
know but it just comes I guess based on
pounds um and then on the side here I
think I told you guys it's already well
yeah he's no longer wearing got shredded
there's newborn one and then there's
twos and twos happen like at four or
five months
and I just made that up but yeah he's
warning twos now which is nuts cuz my
baby's huge and he's growing right
before our eyes cuz you guys are seeing
his growth you but anyway yeah trying to
get everything settle down here so that
we can move everything up
uh yeah guys thanks so much for watching
it was an interesting day today but not
really but I appreciate you guys keeping
me company the whole time across I'd be
completely by myself
and so lonely yeah that would be
anything but anyways guys thank you guys
so much for watching see you guys
tomorrow okay bye bye
