good morning beautiful people here for
about a good 30 minutes now have a lot
of meetings today so I had to make sure
that I get my work on it virtually in
the morning and you should takes me
about an hour and it has two hours to do
something to try to finish this in about
ten hours for an hour and a half and see
what happens
all right so leaving the gym now and I
got all my big sets out of the way
unfortunately I did not have enough time
to do my last circuit and if Bart finds
out he's gonna fucking kill me because
he's super strict and I really love that
about him cuz he pushes me crazy hard
because I'm a little bitch and I
complain all the time but now I can't
say anything else that's it I should end
the sentence there I complain all the
damn time but he's super supportive
really sweet I just saw him right now he
just got there it's 10:00 a.m. now 9:30
because 10 a.m. and that means I'm late
but I'm gonna go rush home take a shower
I had some tea and banana this morning
so I'm not that hungry so I don't really
have to worry about getting food but
right after my meeting I'm definitely
gonna have to get food cuz it I'll be
starving by then or I might just grow up
I don't know we'll see how the day
unfolds but we're meeting at the old
office just because we're prepping for
JK party and all the props and
everything we need is actually there so
it doesn't make any sense to me at the
new office when it's just a shell of
things right now but yeah can't wait I'm
I can actually get used to working out
this early like everything's pretty dead
the only the only thing that I have
thought was kind of crazy was just
everyone's trying to get to work so when
I went to 7-Eleven everyone and their
mom was there just rushing in and out
because you know they have to make it to
their jobs or whatever appointments they
have but even that it like makes you
move really really fast that's why I get
that like you know when you go to New
York everyone says everything's super
fast pace and we just go go go go go go
go go because it's like when you see
other people doing it's like you don't
want to be in their way you don't want
to get in the way and you want to keep
up with the pace so it forces you to to
move quickly also but um out here in LA
it's not so quick fast pace crazy New
York sauce like right in the middle like
it's not super slow like let's say
like San Diego where it's really chill
supervene beach vibes like this should
take the show it's like right in the
middle like it does have le does have
its areas where it's super chill but
areas like downtown LA it's a little bit
more fast-paced but what beat but so I'm
kind of used to kind of being a little
bit more on the wild side so when I saw
this in the morning I'm like oh shit I
need to move my house and it forced me
to move quickly that in the fact that I
needed to get everything done in an hour
so that kind of motivated me but yes I'm
going home now so I could shower not be
stinky for the rest of the day
and the options now and this is really
cool about having an environment
multiple companies or creative companies
in it and everyone shows up at the
office everyone is super into their work
and it's super motivating super
inspiring or if we just have any
questions we just walk over to the
person we're like hey do you think you
know who this is I do real quick and
then I like yeah and then you just
create on the spot so check it out we
have this big-ass TV right here this is
mine my station this big-ass TV right
here is luxurious Nadeem funky and then
he started this chair so Nadine is man
is blurry Oh team is editing right now
and then Aaron is doing some very
important top-secret things that's super
stressful that's why he just got his Red
Bull
lights are off noise then it gets sexy
alright and then we have we have Sarah
on what do you what do you what are you
working on are you bouncing oh and he's
not kidding and it's not because he got
caught it's just it's just standard
you're lucky nobody wants to touch here
that's chairs what's up with that pink
flower I like it Oh supposed to get
pictures about China but I ordered like
it's like a stick and the ant that holds
the picture and this is her favorite
flower
so how cute is it a real flowers it
feels fake you know no it looks it looks
real right it's like you're so romantic
how cute it's so cute
who woulda thought you would have loved
your hand out that much did you hear his
story
puts away and check it out one more time
good I put the man romantic by lab dan
drop the mic what are you working on
palabra
I work on sellers meet Sara Sara Sara
his new brand Friday it's crunch time
what is cuz Friday mean oh I mean you're
gonna stay here yeah oh I think you were
going to barbell I'm trippin I'm sure
Ben okay try to tell you something no no
I'm not no no Lucy don't go stay and
then you got the little homie
Oh No Isaac doing his work - look at
that cute little workstation and then
you got the milk the hot mom with the
cool shoes are we writing it yeah yeah
seeing you have cool shoes yeah and then
she's got the dogs on her in her living
room
in her living room but not for long it's
gonna change hell yeah
so right now you see this but watch why
she's gonna do bad out there it's bad
there and then and then Julie I'm not
sure if she just woke up or she's still
sleeping
or she's just trying to be incognito I
don't get it but what are you working on
oh JK knees right nice wood sir what's
oh thanks I am actually got the joggers
and a sweater and the glasses cuz I
can't do LASIK yet cuz I'm scared I'm
not doing it yeah you know the
ambassador of LASIK over here wants me
to get it but I can't do it
it was just YouTube so you would call
that a romantic date
that's cute Oh cute
both the biggest Oh tight Oh cute wait
we did the girl tension thing go back to
your area
you never could see that before no I
can't
Maria's been a terrific
I just love
like they're just like yeah I know it's
clear my eyes are dry I can see I can
dance so far away
I appreciate all this information but
I'm still I still can't do it
so was it hers is the same as mine yes I
see one or 1.25 oh I don't know you're
gonna do it oh yeah you probably need it
you're like a negative five or something
right yeah like this I like in the five
oh shit you should do it I think Bart's
gonna do it at your place yeah nice
did you work for them or something what
the hell damned war yeah yeah they were
really nice well before this sounds like
a brand deal it's not cuz I'm not trying
to do it I am but I'm not so I probably
won't cuz I'm not smart enough I can't
do it but I'll go like yeah Julia stop
being so cute
no don't they do they're like we blend
red in no color whatsoever these guys he
is a boring they're so pretty
no they're boring I didn't want to say
that and then it came out wrong on my
father probably offended
oh no but she's had me trippin you know
pretty anyway back to my point of
there's a lot of creative juices flowing
right now but it's not there but I think
he's meeting over here with Casey about
the feature film looks so cool and then
I think Michael and Joe over here
meeting - right there look at them so
hot what man don't even pay attention
just working real hard
see if I can sneak a peek
see you're just working even though the
look on his side they're actually just
really focusing trying to get stuff done
that's great okay I'm gonna go back and
I have some other fun stuff to share
with you guys but I'm gonna share just
whoa where did you get here
are you waiting on your dad
you miss your pop yeah why are you
staying there is it cuz your dad's there
who's your dad's right there huh
you big cutie pie you think you were you
going hey come here
he loves Bart he's always around Bart
he likes to spot hump boy but yeah I
think it's absolutely amazing since I
know Matt er where you go there's
nothing for creativity and young vibes
all up in the office so it's a lot of
fun if I have any questions I always
have everyone that I look up to and
respect here to help me answer any other
questions they have so even with you
guys you guys have any friends that have
similar interests not necessarily the
same interest but you know aren't alike
working hard or have certain goals in
mind I would highly recommend just
staying around them and just just being
around their energy it's really vote
various regional so
ren and brent friend bought brought her
a dot new adopted daughter what made you
want to adopt
no really lost my daughter years
and how has this dog turned out like his
Oh cuz wait here other one have you had
as a pup or I had the other one up on me
and then he is three years old
really different what's different about
it
so from having a puppy than just
adopting one that's just not a puppy two
years old and just they don't know you
they don't like know how what you do
during the day or what you do basically
and so it's hard to just train them at
that age or getting them and then having
them know what you're doing what your
life is like so yeah it was really hard
just for her done jobs she doesn't even
know she can identify it yet so like
sometimes she'll give her name or I
shouldn't hear something and she'll just
assume like okay I gotta go meet you but
when we're outside I'm public following
be headed for about a month now it takes
time it's a lot of time so her walking
now is people little bit better do you
know her history I believe she's just
been in the kennel is little time lane
she they had her as a puppy and then
after she just got bigger they're just
like no but and then she's been adopted
I think twice but she's gone back
ah
she loves you love me she's crazy like
you yeah but she does love you she's not
kicking it with anyone else she comes
back to you cute girl she wants to go
outside but no she wants to go outside
with since we didn't properly train her
or we didn't know what am I talking
about I'm tired
we didn't properly introduce my dogs to
her since my dogs have been in this
office they kind of like already mark
their turf and they're like this is my
territory you can't come in here
stranger so when she came in here they
were just being a little bit aggressive
towards her so we had to split them up
cuz I fucked up and now she has to pay
the price
poor girl so next time you bring her or
next time write it said Springer then
we'll have the dogs meet outside and
then bring everyone in together hi CUNY
Wow Pease hung by your office hmm you
tell me about your office what got
installed today show me show me oh my
god my TV is off so I got a TV for my
office because I'm also the work that I
do for JK I work with Casey on the
feature film and because of that we do a
lot of research and we're talking about
scenes that we bounce back and forth so
we constantly pull up YouTube pull up
Netflix so we can get on the same page
as to what we're referring to and so
before we were just like look at each
other's laptops or computers but we
realized that this it's so much more
helpful to have a bigger screen because
now it's coming to the point where
sometimes we have to watch entire acts
of a movie while watching a movie
we're like taking notes and it was just
way too hard to kind of be sucked into a
movie with kind of shitty audio and
shitty visual while typing notes but now
it's something like this we can watch
what's going on and then break down the
scenes but what's even cooler is that I
can also turn this into my own personal
monitor cuz it's locals out so if I want
to watch porn at work I don't want other
people to see there's a reflection back
there so I can see but when there's Sun
they can't see truth and if I want to
show people stuff I can also
fan flee your smart room I can't play
some medium pull up some of those crazy
visuals that people like to trip out to
boom so now my office is about 90
percent complete all I need is me and
Joe we ordered a custom neon sign for
the banished mo so you look at the Bears
channel we have a logo now and I just
thought that logo has such a old-school
vintage look that I wanted to get like a
neon sign kind of like in the fashion of
the typical store open sign where it's
like blue on the inside out on the
outside and I thought that would look
really cool over there especially since
all the walls are white that color will
just splash onto the wall and it kind of
glows with like the rest of the demon
here which is also 50s mid-century 60s
own the logo on the block my furniture
and is the lighting and that couch
everything is kind of close together and
also I have a limited edition sniper
rifle that I sought to pick up but that
will go on this dresser and complete the
look of the room right here you going
home now okay we'll see you in a bit
you know what's CUNY about sure of
bringi
if you go to his desk right now he has a
flower in a vase and you know what that
flower is it's Priscilla's favorite
flower yes
and here's a picture of her in there
roaches away well that's what he says
but it's cuz it's his little Hina you
fart magazine is full of hollow points
but what about your stomach though hey
no need to talk about that oh my god
yeah
so I got protection everywhere at the
office let's go home I haven't actually
about custom done ball you know that all
this yet I stopped get a 9-volt battery
so what this does is I can write this
somewhere what if no one sees it and
whenever fat guys come or the roaches as
some people call them I hit my coat I'll
just pop down like that soon as I hit
the color about and then my gun would be
right and I just pull it up fucking sick
where did you get this you freaking love
Jumanji I don't know a while ago but I
think I'm I haven't had time to install
it
my main reason of giving this though is
because I want to be a responsible gun
owner and because Isaac is that the
opposite when there's adults it's easy
to tell the dolls hey I have a loaded
gun
I don't a loaded gun I have a gun stay
out of my office don't touch you right
so adults that can understand that kids
you'd like to come around every time I
come in my office like everything's
moved as I'm not
comes in there just like touches and
veena fucks everything so I think it's
for me it's important as a responsible
gun owner to keep the gun in a secure
place where kids can't tamper with it
and meanwhile before I have to set up
when Isaac is here I actually put the
gun in my backpack and I keep the
backpack with me wherever I go so I can
personally keep track of it so that
Isaac doesn't mess around with it
because you never know nobody on the kid
you might just go it's what I want like
this and he look oh sure what's this
and that's true that's what kids do I
wanna be responsible fine let's go home
baby I love you too you're gonna be a
great dad yep let's go make kids now
yeah let me see let me see if it's
shaved I'm gonna yeah no it's not why
would you buy than me
see why did you make me look at it it's
medium rare yeah what are you talking
about it
