beautiful people
today we're at really cool location and
this is actually our manufacture or they
make all of a clothes of our clothes so
today we're going to go something really
cool for the barbell Chano can't wait
for you guys to see it but for now I
actually have to go because the Dean is
about to film us and it might be in a
shot so I'm gonna move out of the way
you see you look at this guy at work
yeah so I'm excited does he jump from
one location to the next
it's true
but unfortunately I couldn't do more
than that because we were filming as I
said we were filming for barbells I
didn't want to be filming for barbell
while holding my camera that was gonna
look really really weird so wrapped up
over there started raining like crazy
drove my ass to the office now so I'm at
the office
nobody's here usually Fridays people
aren't here in terms of JK but barbell
we meet here there's gonna be a lot of
cooking going on because of a shoot that
we have coming up but yeah I'm just
gonna bring some for that right now but
right now we only have Iran and to ro1
chilling here look at churros churros
editing right now we're so he says he's
editing but I never know what he's doing
dude those kicks are nice no tongs right
I didn't slip ons are they the Joe
lights July 3 this toy I like how you're
joking my selves I have not that
colorway dr. Georgiou stuff number 6 is
for my first pair of a six so I did jock
no you did it don't lie are you sorry
Pharrell oh I'm so honored yeah cause I
never really got it a six I'm getting a
six they're comfortable as hell and what
I like a bottom is I don't know if they
could see but right here there's
actually no tongue and the row places
look at that yeah yours are actually
mine are rope
yeah there's no tongue so I always
travel with these on the airplane
because you could just slip in and out
of them cuz I never tie my shoes I know
there's no tongue
don't know how what I don't so when it
however they come out of the box I just
leave it like that and I just slip in
and out of them I think I'm kind of
luxurious like Nadine soothe while
you're gonna get some a six now no I
haven't they're too narrow for my feet I
love the way I feel like New Balances
are way more narrow been a thigh those
Nike Cortez and a6 they're all like
really narrow damn
Charlie's talking about your shoes the
Nike Cortez is those are fought those
shoes did you have been Davis's or
Dickies what the fuck I thought you were
white I think you're Mexican men we
don't know no no no they follow no leg
but he was part of the team it wasn't
wet fuck afraid his name I remember even
in elementary school we were our school
is not allowed to wear British mics
because they thought BK was killers
where did you would city damned wold
I just grew up in East Los but it was
really Montebello Monterey Park
I remember good is called now it's come
to hate capital of the valley fuck the
hate couple of damn don't mess with Aran
don't mess with with the aweto and
Whittle you had an L in front of
anything it works in white boy a little
L Aaron we get it all right guys I'm
inside the set office right now and look
at the progress this is Jay can you set
has already been built out you know that
he has recognized at skyline right there
you guys see it there's no word is if
you guess downtown LA you're fuckin
correct how great is this right and then
up here's the grid this is why our
lighting will go and then over here we
used to be empty but now there's a big
wall which is in a wall at all it's a
room and here is where equipment will go
it's a little install shelving and then
we can put all the equipment in here you
know this black stuff you see is a
soundproofing that's finally gone up
that's why my audio sounds so good right
now there's like no echo and then
there's the J can use desk right here
see and then there's more props
and then bathrooms
here's another room and that's all for
the props over here pretty cool right
nice look we'll pop a bit off you unlock
it can you unlock it
pablor got them a cute little camper
cute babies there in the in the back of
poplars truck could that mr. molzof
all from home I hope they don't rip it
out that was two of them okay what are
we about to do so I looked on Yelp and
there's this place called
tacos alpacas and they have four and a
half stars 110 reviews and I came to the
last time it was hell up on it's only a
few blocks from the office so today
about the gift some tacos and you know
it's legit when it's a food truck in the
middle of a car wash I am so down I've
never even heard of this concept where's
all this the carwash
hi papa bear I wonder what can you up to
it's getting ready for bed
ah what part of the day is this this is
the last part of the day the nighttime
part of the day is this is there
anything special about this time what
the hell yeah it's the cuny time it's
when ma Brent gets ready to tuck me in
which she hasn't been doing for the past
three days don't think that I don't
remember why don't you tell me cuz you
just look so tired so I won't bug you I
mean you're so sweet Papa what I've been
in this little this little weird bubble
in my life right now yeah for maybe a
couple days now what's the weird bubble
I'm very grateful that I'm with Papa why
cuz I keep telling you that you don't
notice the difference not really well I
do notice when you tell me but then
later I'll do something and I do still
get mad at me like one was the last one
I don't feel the feisty buildup I don't
know what the exact instance is but then
they'll be like oh I'm really grateful
to be with you and then you're like yeah
who are you doing I'm just scratching
right here and then you'll be like um
and there's something what happened and
I could fill up I see I'm like wait a
sec I thought she was grateful to be
with me but I am I'm very good for the
be with you then can I can we just make
a rule where you can never get mad at me
fine we'll make that rule if but it has
to be coupled with another rule no just
doesn't make sense
no really grateful to be with me the
damn you I can say you can never get mad
at me cuz I'm never do anything on
purpose to piss you off yes you do
you so fired up here enough for no
reason your ruffles gift ruffled by
itself no
your feathers get ruffled by itself I
don't even do anything you just start
raising your voice I think cuz I wanna I
want to get in this good tuck for real
we were talking fine I promise papa bear
I'm very grateful to be with you yeah
I'm players are tickling my gear huh you
promise of course it does that mean then
that we can make the rule that you can
never get mad at me yeah I said if it's
coupled with another rule why does it
have to be coupled with anything this
just no life works for every action is a
reaction
no but for you it's just a reaction cuz
I'm anyone have an action I'm just
minding my own business you get fired up
for no reason
you are not just finding your own
business you go out of your way to make
fun of me because you like the reaction
you think it's cute me no you just get
feisty no you you do it and you like I'm
just fooling with you what happened
nothing I'm just getting tired fine well
what's the other rule though just just
to entertain my curiosity the other rule
is that you have to be cuny my standards
I'm always kidding your standards if you
were then I wouldn't be asking it now
would I find a big Junior sense then you
can never get mad at me you said it
yes if you're keeping my standards I can
never get many okay fine cuz I know you
get everything I want that's the rules
then so you're not allowed to get mad by
yourself like you always do Hey see oh
you're touching my freaking Ebola no but
popper can I be serious please yeah can
I just tell you that I'm very grateful
to be with you yeah what do you say that
though because
I really appreciate you like you're such
a good spouse really yes you're good
partner you're a great friend
you're just all-around really really
really freakin rockin fucking awesome
this month yes it's pretty cute me
you've made me a better person like
crazy oh yes I love that
that's cute if I look back on the
freaking loser and then I looked up look
at it look at my life not I'm like wow
I'm less of a loser
yes I'm a man see you can never get mad
at me then what doubt in your rules be
nice to them I'm always nice look at the
face look at the face at the frisbee
boys nice to you my bear you know how
nice I am to you I do everything
Papa you receive the point what's the
point my gratitude - thank you for the
favor
what thank you return the compliment
what compliment did I make your life
better than made you better than a
frickin dirt bags were you fishing for
compliments I wasn't but then I'm like
then because it was silent than it made
me think wait a minute did I not do that
for you you did I didn't hear it you'll
need I don't compel to tell you right
now why do I know you the women tell me
fine I'm teasing 100% easy
I like ruffling your feathers to see
yours ruffle my feathers that's Kimmy
okay papa bear okay well I hope you go
to sleep a very happy thoughts fine I
didn't give him a blow job then no you
don't want Y you know one thing coming
on there none give me a blow job you
know one
thing that I'll come we're not gonna
give me a blowjob oh it's a shame yes
it's really shameful let me see let me
see if it's shaved I'm gonna yeah no
it's not I would you buy than me see why
did you make me look at it it's medium
rare yeah what are you talking about
why can't you just give me a blowjob as
we're really grateful no I'm not that
grateful I'm grateful just not that
grateful
dammit you're disgusting mom not way to
kill a freaking moment moment killer I
didn't kill any more minutes you did you
made me stay here medium-rare steak
doesn't suit you it was rose I forgot
what I was saying oh yeah what have a
good night find a 9-month
if you give it back
