Oh Jim got myself a banana and some tea
in a coffee cup but it's hot water I
don't know but we'll go brilliant have a
room date today so I had to push my
schedule forward a little bit more which
means afterward thought earlier but I
can get more things done in the day I'm
gonna go to sleep by myself I don't have
any friends they talk by myself
um yes and this is we fall asleep early
which is alright cuz I'm not doing this
every single days so a little lack of
sleep it's not gonna kill me baby I'm
just sitting I'm actually chillin feel a
lot better
I've been six I've been out of the gym
for a week they've been thinking about
the gym so much so it's actually really
nice to be here
get some sweat going my nose was still a
little bit congested I don't know if you
can even hear that but I'm excited to be
here at Mayo I can't wait to get my work
now and I don't want talking like this
but it feels okay anyway
all done training now I always like the
little Africa that I get like there's
blood rushing in my face I'm a little
sweaty my cheeks are a little bit pink
I left the bite out of look and I feel
accomplished I feel like I did some shit
I feel good about myself because these
days I've been doing a lot of cardio
some more circuit training
high-intensity stuff a high rep stuff
too so I feel a lot more capable a lot
more athletic
I love powerlifting and I'm gonna be a
power lifter till the day I die it was
just so fun but I also like switching it
up from time to time I've been doing
part of the thing for a minute now but I
just started feeling like I was sluggish
like I wasn't optimizing and and totally
using all my muscles you know so I was
like dude I need to change up my program
I need to feel like I can jump high I
can run fast I can just I can just be
more capable so I've been doing that in
my training these days and it's been
killing me because I don't do a lot of
cardio so my mind is telling me no my
mom's sentiment no but my body yeah
that's what keeps happening my body
keeps telling me go my mom keeps saying
no stop so that's why I feel ultimately
accomplished after these more recent
workouts because I'm like I don't know
how I finished it but I finished it I
like have this argument in my head with
myself but I did it and I completed it
and I feel good about myself so now
instead of going home and being a decent
fucking human being I'm going straight
to the office to get some work done
so sorry to everyone that's about to
work with me today or be in my in my
personal space cuz I'm gonna be that
stinky girl
but whatevs we're all fans I'm pretty
sure if i stunk really bad because we're
fans it'd be like yo Joe you fucking
stink and then I would take a shower but
I don't I don't I don't feel like I
smell check out this car over here
look at that only in LA do you see this
shit
and only an LED super simple all other
driving
and I have a lot of creatives to do a
couple meetings mainly creatives today
so I have a few deadlines I need to meet
this is kind of empty it's just Sean and
Michael right now it's still 10 a.m. so
I'm not too worried but it's at the
actual kind of like that a little bit
quiet so not tripping I'm just gonna get
my work done and
so I thinking about food since I've
worked out I'm slowly getting hungry
because right after I work out I'm never
hungry I'm just really thirsty and then
the adrenaline kicks in and then and
then I get really and then they don't
get hungry and then the adrenaline stops
and then I get hungry but sorry about
the lag in that last sentence was
because I just remembered that I was
thirsting I'm like oh shit I think I
left my water at the gym and I do that
all the time and I'm trying to think
where did I leave my water I always
leave stuff behind I think I just
subconsciously I'm not the biggest fan
of water like I I drink it and I like
90% of all my meals are water but I just
never can remember to bring my water
back from the gym doesn't matter if I
put it in a canister or if I had like
special casing for it or if I bought a
really expensive water
I just always forget it at the freaking
gym all right I'm taking a little break
import brought the babes the babe number
one bib number to me love baby number
three and TIFF is so cute she got these
things right here one
come on funny - come here Camilla Co see
it on his neck it's this little white
tile right here and it's really cool
because it's a tracking device so I
think when she so initially she said she
wanted to get this for the dogs you know
let me just let her explain it
TIFF are you busy
can you explain are you busy can you
explain the no brick is too dumb really
guilty and as soon as I found out that
she's missing I please the order the
best ever
you can't steal them anymore I know
where they're at they like your carpet
they blend in
you blend in this is the most
monochromatic fucking place ever it
looks like a mini like a little mini set
though yeah but you just need pictures
on the wall and it's like your little
little set if anyone wants to buy this
desk though right you're gonna make it
white or something yeah the one that is
why I'm gonna get
nice they like the idea how cute this
guy just like laid down like I'm home Oh
daddy's asleep oh my bad dude
and then Julia's desk I like what you
did to the place this ledge yeah the
sledgehammer I like this I like the
sledgehammer with the water bottle and
then all the cords here how long did it
take you this is great Wow
no fruit what's your desk gonna look
like do you even have it yet
Oh debating on a couple different styles
right now I'm just being a little picky
but hopefully I'll get my desk either
this weekend or the oh you're you
keeping it a secret
yeah well cuz because I'm concerned
through different styles so I
yeah I do like modern like a zip did
IKEA yeah one of the choices would be
from Ikea another choice would just be
buying it is it weight fair we thought
in both I'm not sure oh yeah wait wait
oh how do they know that our office like
a couch I thought you wanted a stand-up
desk anymore oh we get uncomfortable
this looks I don't know about that I
think yeah I think you look way more
comfortable than that oh you got it
already
gonna get it got it got it okay can't
wait to see it hey but for now this is a
before and then hopefully by next week
it'll be the after yeah and then I think
Brandon's here and firing yeah
Biron okay it's coming on the nine it'll
be reclaimed wood desk here all of that
one that nice yeah
no not built-in it has holes so they
could put it in there and then find it
those are expensive yeah crazy look at
that they love it
I thought Tiffany's trying to do real
work she just can't help herself sir our
hand wanders she just can't help it look
at the face look at her face I'm totally
working but then she has to touch on
let's see if she does it again oh no
fun's over damn fine you little user all
right let's see who else is here and I
think we have
Bart and Joe they're working on the
feature film so I'm not going to
interrupt them let's move and then oh
this is Casey's office
look you're really cool and I think
Isaac's doing homework Isaac are you
doing homework nice this looks like your
living room yeah it looks like the cool
kids living room I like it cam I'm gonna
interrupt you get to work do a good job
kill it yeah I know you will
I trust him on the mission
there you have
Jessica cleaning Johanna Michael oh this
is a cool little installment so I got
lockers for our shower room I'm pretty
excited about it
I believe Bart already claimed 100 he's
so polite
you got the furthest one look at this
cute bastard
fucking cute little bastard oh there's
someone outside right outside our window
but yeah I think it's pretty cool
I'm thinking it and then we got a cool
mirror and then our shower goes right
here
did you give it back
