good morning beautiful people I am at
and you want this right now on the bar
outside this is my cute little desk that
I'm still contemplating whether I should
keep it or not it's really narrow and as
you can see I have two monitors up and
mine ends here it's really dirty I
haven't washed it wipe it yet but I
didn't hear and then the Dean would be
right in front of me look at this
luxurious ass full look it's fucking
chair and as a rug oh my god Nadeem he's
so funny oh and a little trash down look
at this cute ass full umm but yeah like
my station it's like I already took the
whole real estate up of the desk so I
might be investing in a new desk sure
we'll be right here and then look at
Aaron's workstation this is fucking
insane but this is his workstation with
this big-ass fucking 60-inch monitor
it's not 60 inches but actually I might
be like 40 or 50 inches but yeah today I
was supposed to work out but because I'm
still slightly sick I rather just
recover umm eat a little bit and just
make sure I feel better before I work
out so I don't have a meeting until an
hour from now so I'm just gonna get as
much work done as possible and I'm sorry
getting distracted because I'm like Oh
drawers oh this'll look cool but yes
it's more done and get ready for my
meeting look at all these dogs now
look at all this a milot like this I
miss you big guy look at this this is
insane we have what five dogs yeah this
is crazy
hi look at this huh oh cool hi whoa
so all these dogs in the office now and
I'm usually the pill pusher so I have
the pills here and these two are the
only ones that had to take it today
are you both like severely allergic to
dogs breathe ha ha ha
I'll be able to water start closing up
damn it says start wheezing shit
probably home probably last hour you
like
in our do you want to go in your office
we can move in there hotter bring a fan
oh yeah want to move in there we can and
just have a fan in there we'll just have
to move it
okay thank you so much
hi Mimi I don't know I just I don't want
you to say that we're doing anything so
cool I appreciate it
like being there wasn't cool that's not
what you said huh
do you really call back off I mean shit
why do I have a right here
Oh
Hey
did you get back
here this is your sweater dude here you
want this mother back you dropped your
sweater
for money in the home of the doctor
okay I'm going for it away
not touch me
okay all right so give me one okay so
here's the thing we're not going to call
the cops got what we wanted
no this guy's council okay we got what
we wanted back okay pay attention yes
and Kingston's you got what we wanted
back
what
homeboy back at our place we're going to
apprehend them violently and then we're
going to call the cops
so please do not stop putting the
property over again
why are you sweating right now so you're
not gonna believe it but hey they will
there's footage
it's what 11 o'clock at night and we
were on our way home and we usually cut
through the JK new set to get to our
cars and while we're coming through
Aaron over there the man of the hour
spotted two people who broke into the
complex and then broken through our JK
new set which is a hard thing to do
because we're in a campus and they stole
our samurai swords and aaron was able to
grab one from one of them and then they
start a book in him and then so we
immediately start to spread out me in a
damn trail geo and aaron stay back at
home based in case they came back and he
took one of the prompts off the wall
which said battle ax which matches a
Viking his Vikings roots Viking roots
and then we spread around we started
looking everywhere and we goe caught the
girl so she stayed with her and in the
beginning she's trying to play it cool
and then she was like oh I'm just the
artist looking around kind of high you
know and it Joseph what are you doing
here and she goes oh you know I got lost
and just what were you doing in our
office because it's not easy to come in
here it's really hard for even the
postman to find deliveries so for
someone to get in there like you really
have to be up to no good
snooping around so Joe stick your next
door meter Oh Nadine we started
spreading on in different places looking
around and as we started to go outside
because she was our only clue and our
only suspect we stayed with her the
whole time
and we're just letting her know we're
not gonna let you cross this street or
this street you keep walking around in
circles if you want but we're not gonna
let you cross these streets until we get
our sword back Charl meanwhile was in
the back of the complex and he spotted a
guy holding the sword so he told them in
a very authoritative manner he said hey
I know you have the fucking sword put
the sword on the ground and I'll let you
run that guy he put the store down and
just ran off so Troy got the sword he
came he found me gave me the sword so we
went back and then I told her I was like
hey and she was like
she was panicking already telling how
she hasn't worn out for a rest she's hot
this and that she doesn't want to have
any trouble with the cops I told her all
right you know what because I believe in
second chances so I told her we got our
swords back this is all that we ever
wanted to begin with but if you and your
homie comes back to our JK new set again
if I see you guys on the complex I'm
going to apprehend you in a violent way
and then I'm going to call the cops
immediately
so hopefully that gets through to her
she learns a lesson and her and her
homeboy don't break into any other place
ever again
because um second chances they don't
come very often yeah we haven't even
shared the update of the office for you
guys and it's unfortunate it's gonna
have to be this way because I have to
show you what they took but this is the
office about 75% completed so this is
this is dibs on JK news right now the
desk hasn't even been unwrapped that's
how fucking new this is and you see that
little area right over there that's
where the swords used to be so they took
those swords and they took this battle
ax because it doesn't look like they
would be interested in anything else is
everything so kiddush and childlike here
that I don't think they want to take
anything else so look at that yeah so
kind of sucks that we have to show them
our new set under these conditions
conditions but this is what happened but
we got off your swords back so there you
go you can't mess at the barbel JK crew
man yeah we're like fucking flies on
shit we're gonna stick to you until we
get what we need
I'm not in a bully way either we just
have each other's backs like that erin
has a freaking exploded calf over there
and he still tried to run after her
freaking the white Viking the white
Power Ranger look at him hit fucking
limping in on he's still got his battle
axe out so awkward good job pop oh I'm
so proud of you you're hot you're hot
you were just fucking like telling her
what the fuck the fuck is a fucking
month the fucking box
holy crap holy crap what a fucking night
I've never experienced anything like
this I grew up so freakin shelter till
for me to freakin go up to a complete
stranger I think stole for me that I
have no prior knowledge of and could
potentially be dangers and Harmy I'm
like but I'm just like dude everyone
else is jumping in a Canada - I can't
let them down and they're still in our
strat so that was very interesting and
so out of my element like fuck it was
kind of fun it's kind of fun I think I
learned a lot like I think now if it
happens again I know what to do like
don't put hands on anyone but don't let
the fucking go anywhere that was
exciting Bart did a great job I learned
so much from a Nadine Nadine was like on
her ass like you guys see in this
footage and Dean is just not letting her
move being very respectful being very
polite letting her know every step of
the way what the fuck is about to happen
and what she needs to do um
killed it man and ensure all the freakin
fun how would I homie he like killed it
- he was like I was fuckin scared but I
did it anyway um I had to do it and I
got it and I told him better fucking run
and then they saved the day go team
barbell what happened so when we went to
go I saw the developer hauling drop this
crazy that help and what was on what's
called and we went to go back to pick it
up to hopefully
came back review them turn it over or
just not having on the street but then
we were like fuck it let's just go child
check where there might be that's not
some people walking getting such a walk
and else and all of them but we did get
close and then we just turn left to
where the cops would but any maybe we
found the cops I mean director them
where they were and then gonna dig the
cops got him and then digital succumb
plus we gave them the open the door the
knife is on the 4th 8 X 9 and they said
just go away back there so can I get the
new so it's in the truck
ok are you mommy so what how was your
experience what how do you feel
what happened energized now sweet time
my name's Ellen there's Joe but what
happened on your end my place going ton
I know my idea just errand but he ran
this way so I ran that away where he ran
and I was gonna sketched out all these
doors and always like to my left and
right looking like punches and pop out
then I see someone like like he was
sitting down and he saw me get up in the
trash can I fucking told his ass to stay
where he is tonight I'm gonna give you
the sword he did he's been elsewhere and
then I was kind of freaked out because
I'm I can like just just gonna sort of
set on fire on anything you know put
myself at risk and then I ran so far we
met up told you guys it was a dope-ass
experience I mean I wasn't I mean I
don't want to get jacked English when we
came back
just walking down the ramp
and then we kind of went that comes over
back and we're like like a like are you
can you work here and you go to Yankee
boy where do you work
what are you were like when you were
working as I live here like you mean you
lived here I've already working where do
you work he was I take care of someone
left the cones there for like two things
we went after that I'm the guy like was
I close Allah every time a concert come
together which make enormous cata I
guess things have because you don't as
supposed to like say to make direct
things good
nice I'll be here you did a good job
Ned's be a good job Cheryl Viking Aaron
listen to the waiter there's a lot they
come back so they caught the people yeah
and it's not their night don't mess a
barbell um you know how Trump some of
the shit that he says is the fucking
truth
yeah it makes a lot of people angry I'm
not a trump supporter but if uh let's
say a Mexican guy said the same thing
that Trump did and said something like
oh you know what we got to protect our
borders uh there's like drug dealers
coming in because we do have a cartel
problem yes then it's like oh yeah yeah
that's true because he's Mexican he can
say that but since he's a white guy he
doesn't understand that he's a white guy
and he has to use
