hey what's up guys today we're shooting
another ask us anything and this is
where you sent us videos about questions
that you have
GGO snapchat and then we answer your
that has questions youtubes yeah they're
coming in right now if you're seeing it
okay okay here we go first one I'm just
gonna and by all I II would be the
misfit favorite part of the trip on a
while my favorite part was the fact that
I can be with I would any makeup fucked
up hair and in a bikini all day so just
go on the sand go in the water beat you
guys come out of the water go us in get
something to eat go on the sand I've
gone the wireless off I think my
favorite part about hola hoses
snorkeling so on my Instagram I had this
picture I posted about my snorkel and I
pretty much said that I love to swim and
I love animals so snorkeling is the best
of both world can I get to swim around
and look at all kinds of marine life oh
yeah okay this one's buying oh my
goodness Byam Lucas or Luke's water
Wow so young and so inquisitive yes in
fact we have a lot of locations that we
are wishing to open Barbra but I don't
think we're ready just yet a big large
dream is have a barbell at every major
city in the world but that takes a lot
of work so I think a lot of planning and
we don't just do barbell we're gonna be
also do JK films and yet other stuff you
guys don't see on camera so because of
that we are kind of spread thin and for
us to duplicate what we have you want to
make sure that the first one the first
part of it la is perfect first before we
check anything else so this is baby
steps
yeah we'll get there we'll get there I
believe in us hopefully about somewhere
95 it'll happen
walk to locations okay call me Erin call
me right yeah call me Ellie
Oh cute I first started dating I wanted
for baby be white for Oh cuz I grew up
in a family of four and felt like it was
a really cool balance family no it's not
because of the amount it is because my
oldest is just 15 years older than me
and then my brother is 10 years old in
me and then I'm like the middle ish and
then I have little two three six years
so that's how we won through that thing
we won't keep them spread apart in ears
like that your parents just died
California I ran inside yeah it was
really odd I think they only had sex
four times that's what happened I think
maybe five but then one of them so
that's I wanted four because that's what
I'm accustomed to but then I started
trying to people like Tiffany or other
people that have babies and then they
told me the experience that happens
internally and then once you have the
kid and I was like not now give me two I
think for me my approach obviously
having talked us over but I think I
think my approach is I'm just gonna go
with the flow and I don't want to have
just one because I'm a single child yeah
I grew up Ellen only the Mayor was my
best friend and I think that's why I
became plenty they'll just make funny
faces after marrying myself laughing you
know
and so I do want at least two and after
that I think don't depend on resources
and stuff because like I also know like
the more dogs that we have we start to
divert our attention so I can only
imagine right now we have three dogs and
I feel like I can give each three of
them my fullest but as soon as we add a
fourth one like meatloaf or bricky is
gonna get less attention for me because
of all the other stuff I got going on my
life so I'm stuffing going to flow and
like maybe maybe I'll have my parents
where we might have yeah yeah in terms
of name family thought of anything too
specific we just know kind of we like
Germany
okay here we go
so fucking great
so fucking great so fucking great oh
great question asylum as soon as you you
talk about philosophy your eyes have to
be like this okay so the most
philosophical way like you know spiky
and then your very abrasive like there's
someone just three whack someone like
you guys just witnessed he tried to talk
shit two times he's trying to cause a
fight didn't happen baby no I hate you
mo oh you're a piece of Dookie I know
you want it free but he's ours because
of your pillow alright anyways next one
Ashley Burke sub fashion sup girl you
gave to your little cute I'm only gonna
pick one oh man I missed it first I got
what you're a cheetah B button
I don't know I think you just put a lot
of shit
yeah no no no but honestly no I think
it's Communications Kia and like even if
like you guys get a fight you don't want
to see him and just want to hook in
stone and fucking harm just watch him
bleed all over the place and be so it's
been that is a pain you can't get to
talk about it and you fucking you really
sad did this I think one of the hardest
things to do in a relationship and I
think this is actually what's key is you
have to remember that the relationship
is more important than yourself so where
are the Bears are the bounds and
whatever you guys aren't out there if
you guys are the tables make sure that
the tables are more important than
Rachel and Johnny because once you start
putting your own personal things out
there and it's more important than what
she has or you care about yourself more
than relationship wait why is this a
one-sided relationship and you already
looking at a completely different lens
you have to look at it as this is more
important than me so if there's
something that's not working itself out
what can we do to fix it that's going to
be the greater good and not the singular
bit absolutely isolate them both of that
both of those go hand in hand the
communication and understanding that
you're not that important it's more
about us
at first its full of terrors and what
were some of the way like hurdles right
yeah I think one of the one is and this
is getting very specific but just not
having stuff down that people playing
verbally having that on paper so we went
into the city saying they came and
inspected the building and then they
were like yeah everything looks good
alright see you guys when you guys are
open and then the fire department came
and I was like wait a minute this is
wrong stronger stronger you can't open
it so literally the day before we're
supposed to open yeah we were supposed
to open up tober first and like
September 29 October 31 like that um
they need to pay before they were like
no you can't open like dude this is
crazy so I think that was these scariest
and craziest hurdle for us so if you
ever are opening up my business make
sure that every part of the process you
get from the city or what are we going
to get approvals from have it in writing
please I think that's the most important
thing we can tell any you all future
business goers alright now we're gonna
go into three in-depth explanation all
right
you do go quick let's go away Far East
panda my god three seconds went through
but ha um what job did you have before
you did JK what job to have I was
actually working in business banking it
was so boring so when you work at a bank
you start off like as a teller and then
I'm gonna tell are you that's when you
like take off money and then you deposit
it into the person's account and then
you move up into a personal banker which
is the person has opening up their
checking accounts and then you go into
like business business checking which is
what I was doing and then I was just
only dealing with like all my clients
for business clients and I was just
doing it once credit it was like really
boring stuff like payroll tax stuff just
different types of loans it was it was a
snooze fest for sure it sounds like all
the things that you can do now on your
online banking almost right it's like
kind of like that like some websites you
can do payroll directly from yeah yeah
yeah yeah then you can probably apply
for like a small loan that's true
because things have changed for like ten
years I guess what like ten years ago
so yeah I think it's way more than it
was so boring like just because you have
to let you explain yourself over and
over
you have so many different clients that
are kind of looking for the same things
or have like similar problems because
they're all they're all small businesses
so they're running through they're
running into the same types of issues or
expansion you know needs and you're just
like okay so we have this thing and I do
like to do this for you guys minutes it
just became too mundane too redundant
you know what I wish thought I wished
that so we be doing with small business
bankers to like promote Jake in the
barbell side I wish that the Baker's
that we run into actually offered us
more specific products
so I actually feeling business from an
outside perspective I actually feel that
bankers shouldn't be saying the same
things over and over because every
business that's that's all it ever need
so for example I follow one of my other
buddies was an entrepreneur and he had
the chase prefer playing it's all black
what is that and then I had a my chase
person and then she was like oh you guys
qualify for it I'm like great I didn't
return it so I started googling up I
love that perks were and as a chase
prefer client as soon as you walk into a
chase they don't meet you outside and
may lobby on it they take you to a
private room with two bankers to see
what your needs are every times actually
needs done in private and I'm like that
is fucking sick and we qualify for but
like that would be something I'd be
awesome I don't know why they don't just
like you know there's so many products
out there why did I have to ask for yeah
I don't know like that maybe leadership
or I know that there's also a lot of
restrictions that we have and you're
also trying to meet quotas which I also
don't understand why you wouldn't get
into more more things maybe she's not
asking the right questions because you
sit there you have a conversation with
this person to kind of could see what
their business yeah well that is and
they don't they don't really even know
what they need so because you're the one
with the knowledge like honestly mess
acute my
outstanding job personal Baker you did
to your own one but yeah
anyway what did you do I was right
before JK I was a tutor actually
simultaneously so as soon as I graduated
college I knew that I needed money and I
knew that I needed to make as much money
as I could in the shortest amount of
work hours as possible
so either dealing drugs one it can be a
tutor because tutors make pretty good
money so at that time I was making
really considering for stuff so I think
at that time I was making $25 an hour
which is really good so all I need to do
is work for hours I made a hundred bucks
that day and if I just kept it up like
let's say four five days a week then
that's two G's while I'm still able to
work on all kinds of junky stuff
throughout the day so I was uh I was
doing that part-time while during JK and
like what I was good at at the time I
forgot everything now with biology and
also math so I would teach all these
little kids from elementary school to
middle school to high school math and
biology and science and stuff like that
and I just remember that because my
passion was so strong sorry if my old
directors watching this but after I
taught the kids I'd be like alright well
you get what you got to do alright do
questions 1 through 300 and I'll check
back on you so obviously that's gonna be
the killing
three hours so I'll go to the side and
start brainstorming schizos there so
that was very irresponsible of me but
all the kids loved me because I taught
all the boring subjects in a way that
they understood yeah um you had like
trouble teams and it seemed like it
wasn't that they weren't necessarily
smart but then teachers just didn't know
what I particular students so they just
didn't retain the information it was
kind of like their fuck you to the
teacher where they just didn't want it
to work so then I think their parents
put them in this program because they
thought they just work smarter so there
was this one kid that would sleep in the
corner
yeah and purpose is that the parties
want the attention or anything and
anytime a teacher would go and try to
wake them up he would wake up and swing
out like this this was in like a really
ballin city so a lot of the parents are
throwing their 480 sitters and then the
director was like hey Bart do you think
you can talk to them and actually teach
them something or get them to do
something and then I was like well first
of all I think gotta be a spring because
right now this is like
Jesus I guess we are involved in not
specifically but I guess some word of
advice and even if someone says we're
not hiring and you know you're qualified
or you know you have this drive that I
would say don't let that stop you I
would say you know continue learning
whatever whatever it is you're want to
learn so if you want to learn
like reading more business books right
start trying to enter in at different
businesses out really try to build who
is it like your resume I think whether
or not a business is hiring it's not
important at all because you if you want
a job you go out and get it so a prime
example of this is automated being so
this kid when I first met him I think it
was 17 and he looked like this boring
pot an estate is when he is your first
time apart opportunity and we were
trying to go from me to me selling our
t-shirts flanging out out of a box and
this kid comes up to me and yeah like an
eye booger in his eye
he's like huffing and puffing it's kind
of sweet he walks away I'm like awesome
and so I didn't know his name or
anything like that and I don't want to
do it there what so I all-in-all I knew
it wasn't okay this Persian guy came up
to me Tommy she's like a big fat or
something later on I found on his Afghan
and then he started messaging me on IG
like hey I was a guy at the meat oh boy
what's up man am i right back to a
passion met him so I know he is I'm not
going to talk back to ranting about you
baby other 2014 real beating up and then
he would start tagging me and bubbles I
he started by rate the barbell merch and
all the special supporters is awesome
and then do us talking you got
to email and Barbra 1.0 on the first
location first opened up he would drive
all the way down from Bay Area San
Francisco which is I got at least a six
seven-hour Drive who would come train
hang out with us and then without being
a creeper and he would try back and he
would just come down and he'd build
build bonds he'd build relationships
with everyone inside Barlow gate and he
knew everyone so much to the point where
he needed to check in process he knew
audio work that he didn't work there but
he became so knowledgeable he's being
around where he knew how to work there
and then so many points to me here as I
hey like I want to come out later kind
of film stuff and like Bill and working
out these are my two passions and I'm
like dude that's perfect because the
barn over there productions we need help
and that's exactly what he what he wants
is exactly what we need and he had no
know-how doesn't know how to film
anything and he came down I thanked him
up with Casey he learned really quickly
and learned a lot of stuff about filming
through Casey and now he is not doing
transition from work in the gym for a
period of time to not doing just the
part of the production stuff and now he
has a job and he's been having it out so
it's definitely about perseverance it's
definitely about um you know taking the
first step in and going in the direction
of where do you want to end up it's not
stopping don't take no for an answer
just keep like keep honing the craft
like like Mindy didn't know shit about
looming but he was like screw it I'm
gonna try to live with people that are
way more knowledgeable than me and just
ask questions just ask questions and
then whatever I learned about being a
creeper well I mean I don't know how you
can help
but I think that's just something to be
self-aware it's not like a lot of times
our guide to see a girl did a really
good job of becoming friends with people
and not being a weird creeper and and if
you look on the barbell I gene never
once did we ever have a video production
of hiring physicians yeah people that
have become part of the bottom of a
production team they asserted themselves
okay do you need good grapes to succeed
in life yes and no I say yes no I say no
because grapes don't really determine
how smart a person is but I say yes
because it does take discipline and it
does take amazing discipline to get good
grades because it's like you have to
stick to a schedule you need to learn
how to time
you have to learn how to I guess just
kind of play within the system so that
you know so that you can prove that you
can stay on so in the real world that we
don't live for us what your country to
tell you good grades no fun no matter I
know people that have dropped out of
high school drop out of college and they
kill it in real life and your job is
important and I've also seen people with
hella good grades and then they got
burnt out too fast and they became
fuckin lazy as shit they're on and
they're not suck your life so great
don't really matter but that doesn't
mean that you can now just being
completely reckless
because the guests part - what you
always say what I also believe we're
going to do matter and why it is a guess
this because your grades are an
indication of how you're doing and let
at that point but for example it's your
pet eight year old in third grade and
you don't got shit going on you don't
have a job you don't have a mortgage to
pay for you're not highly involved with
any other extra curricular activity and
you only have more to worry about
you need to beginning like straight A's
is that the only thing that's the only
responsibility that you have please keep
fucking imagine it but if they're an 8
year old that's been at five feature
films and it was some big shit war
iran-contra not to go to the Olympics
then you have other things going on
think those are but other things are
indication of how you're doing in life
or maybe greats don't really matter that
much anymore so depending on how big
academics is playing in your life at
that time or whatever the fuck you're
doing even if you don't go to school and
like let's say you just to stay at home
kid in a house better be fucking spots
so whatever you're doing is the
indication of who you are as a person so
you gotta kill it at them yeah we're not
talking about the biggest officer like
that for sure
you don't need to you just need to be
business savvy and you got to know what
you want to do in this fitness industry
what if you have strong ass numbers that
tells everyone around you how hard of a
work I think that you do have so it's
it's not necessary but if someone comes
up to me like two companies come up to
me and they both are starting to go hey
this is company a Company B this guy
looks like he doesn't live oh the first
question I'm gonna ask is why the fuck
are you even in the biggest in rank if
this guy comes up to me cuz we have a
700 pound deadlift I'm like fuck this
guy works fucking hard
I feel like this company's probably yeah
but that's not to say that numbers are
anything either because this person
could be totally into yoga or is it he's
a triathlete you better show up what
does both of his legs behind isn't it
okay so now we're you being into rap dr5
which means we have what less than like
five seconds so no fucking around all
right why'd you go - you've got icon
doesn't matter it sounds like your sings
already yeah I can't you go then okay
you go okay from rich Richie rice
why did you sort of follow through
because I wanted to get strong in that
Miss competition
I started piloting because I didn't
realized that I was actually strong and
I saw my numbers one thing oh shit I'm
strong this one next
okay now horse okay so you're immature
people that you really picture I'd say
but we can't have fun
no repeat other question that's cheating
sorry there's a repeat the question to
give it kind of thing okay I'm sorry I'm
sorry okay
we've seen what you've seen what I love
working out so I'm gonna do it no matter
what
um I don't love it as much as he does
but make sure to fuck and eat it and
then just do their part can I take it is
I'm going to do crazy ass shit and we
get paperwork same thing I get to be a
kid every single day in my life and I
never at the grow up you go I went out
okay
I go you go okay from queuing I pull
myself I call myself a flying flying up
fuck a flying goat I'd call myself
from child Jessica go the biggest bowl
that I have accomplished is now the
biggest goal that I have accomplished is
fixing the bond between my father the
biggest goal I've accomplished is giving
a fuck ton of money to my parents dog
that's nice okay
Pacific coconut if we run into each
other on the street and yeah why not
let's do I don't even know I'm not a
fucking idiot sometimes
okay this is from ping ping yes
I probably will what and where I have no
idea bullshit okay I do like McDowell
they're just a lot of this shit that
they'd like I don't want a like stammers
that's it go I said loser fuck all right
don't go
what we get when we have a family hell
yeah I'm gonna be bought I'm gonna be
bought even more of course because
family and business are like this okay
girl Kroll honestly we've done so many
and upload so many of those that I don't
watch most of them but I do like it when
you guys send it to me and then I get to
see the funny moments we used to watch
every single one but now the upload oh
fuck ton we don't have time but we I do
watch every now and then and we have
professional people to watch it to make
sure that's not fucked up all right
aerial underscore G I do cheater look
you gave me in Texas sorry girl
I'm ednan via text when they met him
after I met up at San Diego Film
Festival and boom alright guys I hope
you enjoyed this ask us anything this
was a lot of fun it made me dig into
different parts of my brains like pull
these answers out so I don't think about
this stuff so thank you so much for
asking
I think these answers are just as good
for us as hopefully as they are for you
so stay tuned on our instagrams because
we might do another one soon
you know how trump some of the shit that
he says is the fucking truth yeah it
makes a lot of people angry I'm not a
trump supporter but if let's say a
Mexican guy said the same thing that
Trump did and said something like oh you
know what we got to protect our borders
there's like drug dealers coming in
because we do have a cartel problem yes
then it's like oh yeah yeah that's true
because he's Mexican he can say that but
since he's a white guy he doesn't
understand that he's a white guy and he
has to use
