good morning everyone
I had a really good training session
today I was like because it's my deal
all week and a deal a week that just
means that when you're on a very strict
and very demanding program every three
to five weeks you want to take a week
off and I've completely stayed out of
the gym but you want to reduce the
intensity and also reduce the volume so
that you'll stretch your body out to the
point where you fry or CNN or central
nervous system or injuries and tissue
stretching up and then notice but your
body naturally wants to find the best
way to lift and if one muscle is
extremely exhausted then they'll start
relying on the other muscles and so
that's what a deal is all about and I've
been training really hard I've actually
kind of cheated a little bit where I
haven't D loaded for about eight weeks
and it's just because my progress has
been so good I didn't want to stop the
progress but last week I felt so
exhausted in the gym
and even though I'd Elif then on Monday
I still felt that effects of the fatigue
on the muscle all the way up until
yesterday so this week I'm teal Oddie
and I feel great already I would really
like I went about 50% of my usual
training way and even afterwards just to
get a little bit more cardio and I play
a little bit of basketball outside is
for about 10-15 minutes and a lot of
people ask me how do you have the
motivation to keep working out like
what's your motivation I really want to
train but I train like a week and for me
I think my personal response to that
would be you have to find what motivates
you and that's the most important
everyone's motivation is gonna be
different like there's so many
bodybuilders stories or so many MMA
fighter stories and when they pass them
what made you start bodybuilding getting
on Jack they're starting MMA a lot got
bullied you know and some people they
got into because their significant other
got into it like for example gina carano
she started getting into kickboxing cuz
her boyfriend was in kickboxing and then
she just started flourishing like crazy
and then she became more famous than her
boyfriend so it all depends for me I
started lifting weights when I was 14 15
and I was just because all my homies and
all my homies all the brothers I grew up
in like gang infested time so everyone
when they came back from jail that was
the way the past time like we would just
meet up in the garage and we were just
train and then chill train chill smoke
some cigarettes eat some instant noodles
train some more
it was like one of the stupidest way to
train but that was how I got into
training and the cool thing about that
even though I came into training in a
negative way I got a taste of what games
feels like so gains I got a taste of
what gains feeling and gains is when
you're able to get stronger and you see
improvements in your muscle size and/or
muscle tone and for me that was
addicting shit last week I was only
benching 60 pounds and then now two
weeks later I'm not betting 65 pounds
I'm getting stronger so to me my body it
became a video game you know when you
play a video game did you try to level
up and you want to increase more points
or you want to make more money on the
video game or you want to have more
powerful characters I was my own
character in my own video game so I
became so addicted to it I was like wow
this is freaking cool if I just keep
training I wonder what my potential is
but right now I can really bench 60 but
I see some strong guys at the gym at the
time I was like man my dream is to bench
225 that's two plates and I might not be
fucking awesome and then in about a
year's time I was able to hit 225 and
after that I want to hit three plates
and now my life goal is to be able to
hit four plates which is 405 so it's
really important to find the motivation
that is truthful to you and if once you
can find that it's gonna be easy to
motivate yourself because it's gonna
make perfect sense to you why you need
to do that so for example there are also
people with heart problems and the
doctors like hey you can't be living
that couch potato lifestyle you're
really obese and you have all these
clogged arteries and so for them they
want to stay alive so that's perfect for
them they got oh sure gotta stay alive
so you know what I started I got to
start getting on the gym and
they get addicted to and for me mine
fortunately I was a skinny motherfucker
and I was relatively healthy because I
played all kinds of sports my whole life
but actually sticking to the gym and
being really really addicted to the gym
there was through gates I just right now
and I have and now have an addiction to
getting strong and some people have an
addiction to running and cardio which is
why some people marathon runners some
people like CrossFit like this I think
that as long as you stay active and
you're moving and you're pushing your
body like what animals you know
so as animals like yeah the way we
develop as a human society we also got
way smarter intellectually but it's
still really really important to Train
her body because that's who we were in
the beginning so for me now I'm addicted
to strength which is why I love
powerlifting cuz I mean if you want to
ask me just five ten years ago hey
barkeep he could never deliver 600
pounds naturally without steroids or by
foot no at that time I'll dedicate like
300 and then not too long haul I've
pulled five hundred and eighty five
pounds pretty easily so I have a hundred
percent confidence that by the end of
this year I'm going to deadlift six
hundred pounds
natural on steroids and that's something
that I'm gonna be very very proud of
because that's so many years in the
making and that's so much dedication
that I put in and that's something I can
take anywhere with me that's the beauty
about the pursuit of strength it's it's
not like playing drums or skateboarding
where in order to demonstrate your skill
set
you need that big you know like you
can't play polo without a horse on a
club there's just no way but when you
can deadlift 600 that strength is innate
in your body so when someone needs you
to push a car or if you just need to
jump up and down and snap
some wooden planks real quick-like it's
innate in your body if you need to push
someone or if you have to lift something
up its innate in your body that's one of
the things that makes me addicted to the
pursuit of strength is because I'm like
a walking superhero in my own head you
know like if I can squat 500 pounds
deadlift 600 pounds benchpress 400 I'm
in the top 2% in the nation
strength-wise
for someone that is around 200 pounds
and that to me if you're a top 2% you're
pretty much a real-life superhero and I
think that's freaking cool that just by
training and exercising your body you
could become a real-life superheroes
with that is my motivation and that's
the reason why I keep going into the gym
so it's really important to find yours
and and it's really important to find
yours and that's how you're gonna be
able to stick to a program and stay
disciplined that you can achieve the
goals that you want
and it's 12:15 at night yes it's way
past my bedtime and I just realized that
I forgot to vlog the entire day well not
the entire day but I've logged in the
morning but half of the day where I was
at the office
I completely forgot to vlog because it
was just so busy when I thought I only
had plan on the schedule was meet with
Casey on the feature film from 1:00 p.m.
to 7:00 p.m. but as soon as I got to the
office all kinds of chaos started
happening so we're hiring cleaners to
come clean the office on a weekly basis
and we're just getting quotes from
people and the people that clean my
house they do an amazing job so I'm like
hey why don't we get these people to
come clean the office the only problem
is they only speak Chinese so that means
either I have to be there or Michael has
to be there and originally they were
scheduled to come in at 10:00 a.m. to
meet with Michael but they didn't show
up until 3:00 p.m. because I think their
schedule just got booked or they got
lost in downtown LA or something so by
the time they came at 3:00 p.m.
Michael had to leave because he has to
do some tests gaming with the JK party
staff so I was left to do the talking
with him so they came in I had to walk
him through the entire place started
negotiations because we want to get our
place cleaned on a weekly basis so I had
to stop my feature film meeting for that
and then the security alarm people which
were getting installed at the office was
just super awesome by the way I think
we're going with ADT they stopped by the
office and in the middle of us meeting
they had to show us how to arm disarm
what do we do when the alarm starts
going off what do we do if we're the
only one stuck at the office what do we
do when there's an actual robbery they
started running through the entire
procedure of what we're supposed to do
in the middle of our meeting as
so that was another thing that came up
and then the third thing that came up
that wasn't really so bad it was the
homie um Anthony Lee and Mike song from
the kynges they stopped by the office
because they wanted to pick my brain on
YouTube stuff and they're straight up
killing in the dansgame I don't know I
think they're doing amazing they just
killed it on the TV show and I'm so
proud of them because now they have the
kynges studio in monterey park and
apparel line is just blowing up but i
think from their perspective they see
just kidding films on barber brigade
just a few steps or a few years ahead of
then just because we've been in the game
for a little bit longer so they wanted
to come pick our brain just to see
excuse me I had Mexican food earlier
they wanted to come pick our brain just
to see some of the few business ideas
that they had on the or in the YouTube
Department so I had a quick meeting
there and I had I just had on and off
meetings with Casey stuck with other
meetings and other issues like there's
always things that come up too you know
like that's just the way the business
isn't that's one of the great things of
having barble and Jake in side by side
is usually I have a JK workday or a
barbell work day and I can't address any
of the other issues until that entire
workday is done because barbell Brigade
meetings are done in my house or they
used to be done in my house and JK's on
at the JK office but now that on certain
days we're meet we meet at the new
office I'm able to address both
companies any issues that pop up
oh yeah like we ran into a bar brigade
apparel issue and I needed people to try
on stuff to make sure the sizing was
correct and I was able to just pop back
and forth from the feature film meeting
to making sure that the sizing was
correct to the cleaners to Anthony and
Mike coming to the ATT people security
coming they're just back and forth and I
think there's just so many things going
on that I completely forgot to vlog and
then the whole day flew by like that and
now I get home I get out of the truck
and I'm like holy shit I forgot to vlog
and now it's 12 o'clock midnight and I
got a film
just kidding news tomorrow so uh I gotta
wrap things up and get ready for bed so
hopefully this is a good reminder
that you know next time I gotta be a
little bit more attentive and remember
better that I do have to vlog throughout
the day but the cool thing is all of the
things that I mentioned I think those
are just kind of like the growing pains
of starting a new much bigger place you
know like once the security is set up
I'll have to do that anymore
once the cleaners are set up I don't
have to do that anymore and of course
I'm gonna help our friends from time to
time and that's just normal but a lot of
these beginning like startup growing
pains we're just gonna have to go
through and I mean in case we're having
to talk to in our future film meeting we
realized that because our space is so
new every time we go into the new space
it actually takes an hour for us to just
get through some processing stuff before
we could even sit down and start doing
actual work in that hour meaning when we
get there we realized some things are
out of place or there's a construction
worker that comes in hey we're building
the JK a new set right now do you think
we should do this we have to address
those things just look they're just a
lot of little things that pop up that we
have to address for an entire hour
before we can even sit down and start
working and that's like I said just the
growing pains of a way bigger batter a
third place but once we get everything
set everything's in motion I think will
be super smooth and will be super
productive out that place but yeah I'm
really tired and it's way past my
bedtime so I'm uh get ready for bed good
night
you know how Trump some of the shit that
he says is the fucking truth yeah it
makes a lot of people angry I'm not a
trump supporter but if let's say a
Mexican guy said the same thing that
Trump did and said something like oh you
know what we got to protect our borders
there's like drug dealers coming in
because we do have a cartel problem yes
then it's like oh yeah yeah that's true
because he's Mexican he can say that but
since he's a white guy he doesn't
understand that he's a white guy and he
has to use
