now guests like Karen Nikki that was I
don't know but those two can actually
get the guys to stop and think about
what they're talking about and change
your perspective because there's the
articulate or they know how to convey
their point of view without making
people's ears closed or there's a Cassie
where she can get a point across and she
could say the same things were saying it
but will be like mad motherfucker that's
stupid
before her she'll say something else
where it doesn't hurt anybody's feelings
but it makes a good point she could
actually get a gangster-ass point across
but it just sounds so sweet but then
when I listen for the content I'm like
dude oh gangster you've got a really
good attitude Kristin Kristin Kristin
like he is funny because he and I have
like similar sentiments about things but
he'll better explain things that I can't
like for example three years ago well
three or four years ago in white Tommy
got his heart broken or some shit right
mm-hm and essentially this girl was a
fuckin Pope and that's what I said other
we're talking about Julia no no no no
yeah three four years ago not this one
no Brad like you'll fuck that bitch
fucking cocksucking hope and it taught
me is really didn't accept it and then
Chris was like you know what maybe she
wasn't right for you and you were too
good for he goes you know what Chris
you're right I said the same thing you
did say the same thing and he just blew
me off buzzing see that's the part
that's weird cuz if Kristin said that
shit to me on but I don't know what the
fuck you're talking about
but then if you said what you said I
would have been like David thank you for
understanding
I think different people just speak
different languages some people like to
speak in Hallmark card and some people
like to speak real I'll never tell
people you're too good for it
I'll be like bitch there's a reason why
you didn't fucking work out something's
wrong with both of you how do you deal
with the Anthony when there are issues
that are controversial and then you feel
like you have a certain opinion about
something but then you feel like the
public is really fucking stupid how do
you voice your opinions without hurting
others uh I'm just
sleazy with my opinions I just want
everybody to like me and I just say
whatever I don't really care about how I
feel about anybody really no I'm just
kidding I just keep it real I feel like
if you always just keep it super real
but then you just use non aggressive
words then everybody always has to
accept what you have to say because we
keep it real and sometimes we get in
trouble on shaking years well you're
already talking for he comes from a base
of like he's our dance
yeah from dance and he has a lot like he
takes into account other people's
emotions and he understands other
people's emotions I think that's where
we fucked up
you're too logical for your own good
we're only thinking about that it's like
this um you know how trump some of the
shit that he says is the fucking truth
yeah it makes a lot of people angry I'm
not a trump supporter but if uh let's
say a Mexican guy said the same thing
that Trump did and said something like
oh you know what we got to protect our
borders uh there's like drug dealers
coming in because we do have a cartel
problem yes
then it's like oh yeah yeah that's true
because he's Mexican he can say that but
since he's a white guy he doesn't
understand that he's a white guy and he
has to use different words because his
readers memory of white people being
completely racist and using their power
to fuck people up and all that stuff
yeah so if he turns out to be Trump the
KKK guy but if it was a Mexican guy that
was saying hey we have an issue with
cartels we have an issue with all this
stuff you got to protect our border be
different but it's not just who he is
it's how he says everybody says it to
Ted it's as a matter of tact
in tact is everything all these Mexicans
are coming over in rapists and drug
dealers are getting into our borders
it's like what the fuck is that dude
you're just calling all Mexicans
criminals yeah yeah let's just type it
doesn't matter what the fact is it's how
you deliver it because like it's the
idea of like constructive criticism to
somebody in order to tell them how to
get better at something usually you
gotta like compliment up first to get
their ears ready for what you're about
to say but if you just slap them in the
face with like the thing that you feel
they oh I'm not gonna work if it's like
yo dude Bart you're looking hella buff
today I think you should wear like light
slightly bigger shirts though but I mean
other than that you've been working out
hello well you know to mean leave
answers are emotional they know these
things cuz they got sensitive as dudes
dancing all day
and you can tell how did know he that's
true though sensitive ass motherfuckers
dance right he just used his tactic he
complimented that he's a good dancer but
then he called him a bitch after yeah
nobody there's nothing wrong what you
just did incident aware of is a body to
fucking move you call them a bitch
that's crazy
point of the story is tact we have
fuckin no idea as he's talking about
full
hold on no don't go yet
all right god you're about this ghost
whew
I know when you're about to spew I am go
finally you always you go spiel director
Joe know um so we're talking about like
meeting our significant others family
and like you know the cultural norms or
like you know just how you're supposed
to talk to them respectfully or whatnot
so David was saying how he's learning
how to speak proper Korean so he can
connect better and not offend his
girlfriend's mom and I was saying oh
cool because I was doing the same thing
for Bart that's for us it's like if
you're not supposed to treat an elder
especially like the dad cuz he's like a
head of the household in a Mexican hat
oh I respected him you're not supposed
to treat him like a like a equal she
talked to him with a lot of loose Ted
and like a lot of respect
mm-hmm which I always remember no Nicks
you don't like extend your hand first
like you wait for him to welcome it like
you have to go out of your way to say hi
to him and I'm like you don't go in you
just hug him you don't call him pops you
call him mr. Curran yo like his last
name right so it's just all about
respect within the first time you spoke
you were like hey what's up pops and you
like hug them and I was like oh shit
let's like never happen like I've never
seen that happen why cuz you've been
dating bitches your whole life I mean
like might like that's just that's just
the culture like you just don't do that
so I was just like oh fuck I mean it's
no great say it before you watch shake
his hand don't make eye contact be
respectful don't hug him no festival
yeah got it
Hey soon as you want some I was like oh
shit it was cool but now your dad loves
me he loves you yeah he adores me see so
when you're saying is he did the
absolute right thing ultimately he
probably gets the foreigner card yeah
crazy Tina is crazy Chino
this was fucking crazy I say my daughter
wanted to marry this elf but I did it
cuz it moves another Mexican guy like he
would he would judge you and the family
that you cook that you come from his Oh
Oh like such a classless background and
he doesn't even know so but yeah that's
what you got you got the the Chino car
you know the crazy Chino car it's not
like a guy you're dead in a headlock and
give him a new key cuz it's the same
thing for Korean people yeah and you
don't do that chip I think that's why
I'm Indian
yeah but I also feel like when you do
things like not just completely out of
class but when you do things out of
affection and love you also get excused
cuz it's not like I went up to your dad
I just started blowing boogers out of my
nose it's our credit card in my asshole
in front of them that's a dinner nobody
you've met his mom she's not Chinese
she's who she is
that's not Chinese culture that's her
culture that's not yeah it is wrong so
so this is the product that you get I'm
not complaining there's so many
formalities there's you many like when
you speak to somebody the formality
thing is very important is like even if
out of love because it wasn't done in
the formal way it's very disrespectful
oh come up to Mario's dad is like oh
yeah you know what about it that means
like a friend it's been a long time he
would you know yeah yeah yeah true
Korean you don't get the foreigner card
if you were white you were Mexican
something else yes it is it I feel like
if you were white though our Mexican it
would just be bad at Korean too they'll
judge the fuck out of you because it's
like you came into my room you have to
abide by my so that's the wiper dick
came up hey what's up my W live what the
fuck like don't touch me you know that's
not okay what if they had a big smile
doesn't matter I think it depends on
their way of execution though yeah you
know if they're overbearing and they're
not like they're not about that they're
like what the fuck it off me left it if
they're doing it in a charming cute kid
way because I could do that too like
let's say Muriel's
Mons you know so because they have a
very friend in relationship and it's not
like
direct that's more like okay he could be
like a part of the family too so I could
come up and get because when I first did
Merrill's odds I gave them hugs you know
exactly because they said look like some
of the venue so like let's say you came
home with like Eva Mendes and she's all
hot and she's like Latin or something
and she comes and then uh and uh maybe
or she comes and gives her dad like you
know the Latin kiss greeting you think
your dad to be taking back what would
you be like okay that's what they do but
that's different though because it's a
woman mmm you know they expect more from
the male's like you should know better
you know and so like girls too like
there's more affection in the softness
to it yeah like there's more rigidity
rigidity to men that's a culture but you
know also like I think when I'm dating
too the reason why I'm just myself and
of course I try not to like birth in his
dad's face or anything like that is not
only am i dating this person but I'm
also seeing if the family is fit for me
that's true so if I go and I if I myself
in front of the family and the family
can't take me in for who I am that I
know that the family might not even be
for me too but because his dad also has
a sense of humor he just started
laughing and he thought it was he
thought I was crazy because immediately
I heard him have like a string of cuss
words with like sit with Chino and it
like three times
Oh so I knew he still was talking shit
yeah I met odd all of Jesse's family
oh no weekend Oh how was that like it
was pretty cool there are really really
really really nice people did they say
the O word or oriental oh yeah well she
has a she has a um she has an uncle
that's like 89 years old and that guy's
like been through a lot like been
through World War two he was a pilot all
this stuff and he had friends that died
like in the Pacific Theater all that
shit
shit and I'm I was asking them all kind
of stuff and uh this was that I remember
the Japanese were
Jack Wendy we wanted to enter that jay-z
though the crazy thing is he knew about
the 442nd and go-for-broke is I wanted
to tell him about the shirt company that
were making huh and he's like yeah
they're the most decorated unit of
individuals in the history of the United
States and if your other uncle's were
like they're tough guys don't so they
knew about it and they knew about how in
a lot of Texas units were in Italy Oh
more about how the go-for-broke unit
went to go stress cue them and then um
it's crazy
though they know he just knew a lot of
shit she just has a lot of different
kinds of people in her family and were
there any type of like cultural shocks I
guess when you first wouldn't you guys
for like two fucking tree branches like
no you know what I think I think I think
they just made me feel super welcomed
and we didn't talk about anything deep
that's done I don't know if this is all
lie families or what not because it's
just one way family but um they don't
get like super philosophical or deep but
every time I go to like any Asian
gathering they don't even know who the
fuck you are but don't ask you some deep
ass shit there's no like they don't
there's no like you know there's none of
that like boundaries like boundary I
think that's the difference because if
any time I meet like Asian girls like
family right what do you do for work
well right off the bat on what did you
have both your parents like what do you
what are you know just figures like
better that's that super Asian like
they're drilling the fuck out of you
what are your aspirations this and that
don't talk about like from politics to
some controversial shit do you believe
in day care yes me that's just other
families the her family was like they
just talked about life like they just
talked about what they went last week oh
shit they caught this big-ass fish or
did like others they connect as humans
that's what I like about the more
Western families they're not drilling
you and interrogating about
it's like I already felt like I didn't
have to prove myself to ya I was already
accepted as dope and then we went past
that and we were just talking about oh
you guys travel cool I want to go
backpacking to in Europe and we're just
talking about what we want to do and all
that stuff and it was just really chill
so but the cool thing is so imagine this
southern textbook southern family they
can pass all that accent all that and
don't say oh they have the they have the
older ladies with the with the perm or
the you know that textbook cookie-cutter
a straight up soda family but we're in
the patio sipping on tea listening to
reggae that's tight
yeah young reggae like like you know
sublime to like you know interesting
yeah they love supply they love sublime
all that because they grew up in a Beach
City
oh yeah yeah yeah so I was just like hey
man if they met my fed they would hurt
the crud The Crying Korean with all the
sharp keys yeah I called the retarding
guitar the Ratana guitar that's yourself
crazy dude loyal viewers Jamaa lien
citizens in people of just kidding news
if you see some interest in ass articles
online and you want to share this good
ass news guess what this is your
opportunity to do that shit go down
below click the description show more
and you'll be able to some and you'll be
able to submit some articles and you
know what will give you shout out to if
you do it submit it by sometimes you say
some funny shit like hairy balls and if
I hope that's not a real name
beautifulness somebody's do oh my god or
you'll be like licking dicks oh shit you
funny motherfucker anyways cuz I video
right here you guys check out
we just got back home from a long day of
shooting JK news it is exactly 1 o'clock
right now actually so we're really
really tired and as soon as we come in
the house what do we smell a poopy smell
and I think we know who it is because
there's only one new family member that
doesn't know the protocol yet and where
is he
he is nowhere to be found but what do I
see I see one big turd here and another
big turd over there and I don't know why
he doesn't just poop on the wood floor
cuz this is an open spot you get that
purposely go on carpet that guy right
there asshole he had the purposely go on
the carpet because he already ruined the
other carpet so I put the other carpet
outside that we can clean it off and get
a steam clean and now I was hoping he
would just poop on the wood floor but
instead he poops on this carpet what do
you think of that mom yep the biggest
dick ever hears on some shit
when would you pick up shit oh you moved
that's not even him no that's bringing
funny that is it their innocent mom bear
they are they're amazing you guys are
I don't know where it was just spray the
whole thing but what do you think about
your cute son he's fucking adorable he's
nice feeling motherfucker there's a full
walking around trying to avoid
confrontation with you yeah me love come
here come here me love you little shit
your mama love you like crazy and
fucking cheers I'm a fuck who did this
look what is this he's get out of it
come here come here we go
come here me love yeah I hear him me go
who pooped right here did you poop what
is this hey is this you you did you read
the way he knows he did it he knows he
did it me love you fucking cute
motherfucker oh shit shit
that's one of the problems with having
big dogs is their shits or fucking huge
one time I took a meatloaf to the dog
relief center at the office yeah and I
had to scoop it with both hands
oh my cuz it was just so big this and
that's a small one that smells like
twice that size Oh
Tyson's are fucking huge do it was
offensive I'm like you Father
you hate okay thank you mama for
cleaning it we should take em outside to
go poop to go outside everyone both side
go outside everyone go outside good kids
see this is where I put the carpet and
then I blasted it with the hose and
tomorrow I'm gonna get it steam clean
but they need to let out their dukey's
but that's it for the rest of the night
cuz I'm extremely tired I still got to
wake up early tomorrow and train so I'll
see you guys tomorrow
how come you love me so much and you pay
so much attention to me huh
I've already told you that you're a
fucking sack of wine you're a rotted
piece of the second thing about a good
fruit that eventually gains value over
time what what stage of life and my in
right now
you're a cheap wine station like when
you have a child then you'll be a
delicious flavorful one but I'm a
Cornell you said I'm royalty so I can't
be cheap wine no and you're at the
lowest tier though you're like
