once again David you are late
mmm I gave a heads up oh please explain
yourself okay
there's a consistent thing on JK mmm
phone goes off or somebody's like it's
always me that's funny could decide what
you being late listen how about you
being late listen here salmon jacket
yeah time in the morning so I call you
you get a reminder Dave and he still
can't wake up on time I mean - how come
why everybody's like nobody else gave me
only one no everyone was here no but I
think is Sicily light aside from being
you little fuck who's the net you say oh
yeah I'm Labor hey this is at one time
when tips whole house broke down but uh
and you were 40 minutes late this house
broke down I was like Raj but that's
like well Tiff's also consistently I'll
talk about you today though see there's
proof no you're consistently late the
most consistent
yes exactly all right Joe's never late
I'm late I'm late maybe like once every
six months but y'all two are late like
every other week am i late every other
week I haven't been laid in a while I
put them let me go why are you late
today then I don't know the cup because
we have to wait for our my fucking
drives broken which TIF can agree to you
know what that means when you snap
what's that bullshit excuse don't know
what it means is is the fucking period
at the end of a sentence no it's like
let me think what I think and you know
how I know you're also late cuz you're
always late to the workout err
every morning that's different I'm late
on purpose you always tell me I'm gonna
be there no later than 9:30
it's 11:30 and you start me showed up
you know Vegas what my body tries to
avoid you at all costs
that's the difference I tell my body
weight pickup they're like no mine to my
body of wood
why is you what is your body avoid me at
all costs
so you just wake up and you have the
edge of the mic oh I can mix it with
regular no that's different working out
is different one of you guys completely
different I I just try not to be there
so today you just woke up late because
of what happened no I don't wanna wait
elbow Bruce you what we have been done
here then how did you end up being here
all night by the way for Danielle
because she showed up late
oh I let her in the house so she could
wait for the guy to fix it right yeah
blame it on other people I saw it's
exactly what I'm doing you fucking bitch
why don't you wake up your brother a
cookie for all the other people in the
house to just always gone mm-hmm people
have regular nine-to-five everybody's
gone
rule reason trick sorry kids gonna have
a worse time I'm wondering why are you
late
then you know I got shot yesterday right
yeah the shot in the stomach are they
all bullet in the stomach you shot at
the carpet excuse huh yeah you got ease
use at all um what about you TIFF how
come you're late all the time
get it oh the old I have a kid excuse
exactly that's why it's hard to be the
boy why are you late I also call you the
warty - Oh Julia keeps track of people
no she keeps shot she keeps track of
people just to keep track of people so
why are you late all the time
yeah like are you calling anyone else no
sure I think she only calls the people
that are late the most so TIFF and David
are so late we have to assign someone to
call them Julia Julia calls me at 10:01
cuz she panics if I'm not here on time
wait 10 Awards anyway I know that's why
she panics oh yeah yeah why wailing yeah
I have no legitimate reason you just not
good at time management I'm really not
and it's this is not an excuse or a
reason but I grew up with a family
that's always running late so I feel
like somehow that is still there
I know I have the power to change it and
I know I can't go okay I didn't want to
use that but I really feel like it's
really hard no there's uh there's you
can change you up if you grew up not
doing something it's ten times harder
than someone who was born into a that
situation done I can relate you a
hundred percent but once you know
there's no excuse no no I'm serious cuz
this is how this is okay this is ironic
this is ironic for me yeah yeah we're
just stating the fact that it's actually
harder yes it's a lot easier so for
people that I'm not I'm just trying to
figure out what the hell's going on this
morning and you have no room to talk
cause you're late all the time too buddy
oh I am okay we're done talkin even
matter
I could not be late and I have my phone
gone for the next three months but the
lifetime it goes off it's like Oh cuz
you already secure your reputation
that's why that's done I'm afraid you
never did it how would you stop talking
before fuck out how about that
good god damn it you know what I told
someone that was always late I was like
you've been late to everyone for the
last two years but all of a sudden you
cleaned up your act for the next two
weeks no one's gonna notice yeah it's
gonna take another four years you got a
double it you traumatized everybody
that's why it's so important to make a
really good first impression or they
call it like a first year's impression
because that's their biggest memory of
you
it looks like Oh should I feed that boy
yesterday as much food as possible yeah
I'm gonna fill in G yeah nice you're
gonna like it it's gonna be super fun I
don't know what I'm doing it's gonna be
um it's my friend Lin works at this
place that they could sign typically
beings they can measure the exact amount
of body fat that you're in why I know
it's a machine and so they're gonna do a
test to see how fit you are how much
body fat you have three percent I'm
talking on topics together okay I got
food coma from lunch but good thing we
have a good 45 minute break so I'm going
to take a 30 minute nap just to sleep
and get re-energized for JK news and I
have my trusty little mini camp set
where I like to sleep and feel really
comfortable actually get really really
good rest in here like when I lay down
like I have like a quilt the work kind
of that blue quilts the construction
quilt and all they always use it when
they move stuff but I have the
construction quilt and it's actually
really thick and it feels like good
padding and then I have this fleece
blanket and then I have this little
scarf that I founded up prop room that I
just put over my eyes and it blocks out
the Sun and I get really good rest
earlier on JK news we're talking about
like people that make fraudulent videos
or fraudulent IG posts and I just became
a very interesting discussion because I
think more and more
there have been a lot more fitness IG
personalities that have been exposed and
a lot of them which since I'm in the
fitness industry and I know like 90% of
those guys they all use steroids and
that's cool because that's their
personal choice but the part that's kind
of fucked up is that there are so many
people that look up to them right like
you usually follow like this guy or that
girl or whatever and you look up to them
and you're like wow they made this
amazing transformation in a short period
of time but they're so buff you're so
Jack and I can do that too if I follow
them or if I buy into their programs or
if I buy into their supplements but the
problem is a lot of wrong steroids and I
could probably safely say like 90% of a
lot of the Fitness IG people or actually
on steroids guys and girls because
there's mild forms and there's really
strong forms of steroids so some of them
there's like really clear symptoms like
super cap round shoulders the redness of
the skin when they talk because they're
running out of oxygen
the purple orange miss of their skin
that their 10th premature balding or
acne intense acne on the back like
there's some really clear signs of some
types of steroid users and then there's
others that are more mild and you don't
know because you don't know like what
the doses you're taking or the kind of
they are and because more more of it is
being exposed I thought it'd be cool for
me to share my thoughts about steroids
with you guys because for me I have
never taken it but I'm not one of those
to say that I never will I just think
that for the I just think that for the
immediate result it's not worth the
long-term risks so if you notice like a
lot of the WWE people the ones have died
and this is already a huge coincidence
like why why is there like every few
years a new WWE rest are dying and they
all die of the same thing heart disease
and that's because heart disease is one
of the biggest side effects of taking
steroids and it's commonly known that a
lot of WWE people do too
steroids that's why they're fucking
jacked like whole Colgin the rock like
all those people they all taken stores
before and now that the WWE actually
started testing the current WWE stars of
today are way smaller than the ones that
were before like the Giants you know and
like the Undertaker or yeah Hogan
Ultimate Warrior and all those guys all
died young because of heart disease and
it's that's just one of the one of the
biggest side effects of it and to me
that's not worth it like for me to have
a six-pack now but died when I'm like 50
that's just not worth it for me so I
wouldn't take steroids but um if I was
presented with the opportunity like
let's say my lifetime goal was to be in
a movie and they need me to be super
shredded I might take a mild form and of
course on these vlogs would be complete
open with you guys about it just so that
I can document the journey and for me
it's really important to be completely
honest and transparent with all of my
followers and I would let you guys know
that hey this is what I'm on right now
so if you think I got this shredded in
like three months it's uh it's because
of steroids and it's not because of a
special supplement or special program
you know and so for me like if that's my
goal that's the reason why I would take
in so for other people that want to be a
world-record power lifter or
world-record bodybuilder when the mr.
Olympia I can see why for them the risk
is worth it because they're risking all
these negative side-effects but in their
heart of hearts they want to gain a
certain title a certain achievement
level and for them that's worth it for
me me that movies is my Olympia so I get
it that's why I don't look down at
people that do take steroids because I
feel like everyone has different goals
and people they just want to achieve it
um in the way that they see fit to them
and I have no right to judge them but
the part that I do feel bad about that
about the people that do take stories
all the ones that aren't honest about it
like the ones that are super jacked and
then they tell all of their followers if
they just listen to the program or take
their supplements or just follow them on
their journey that they're gonna be able
to achieve what they've achieved because
that is just the outright lie now you
know that's like that's like me saying
like hey you know like I have a
now if you just follow me and you study
with me you're gonna get a 4.0 - and
then later on you find out that I have
the answer sheet to all the tests for
the last five years you know that's just
kind of like cheating so that's the part
that I feel like it's shady but which is
also why I'm admire like a lot of the
steroid people that use it I'm like Mark
Bell there's a lot of people that come
out and they outright even rich Piana
like they're just outright about it and
I think that's very honorable because
it's like hey this is what I want to do
this is how I achieved what I've
achieved and I'm not gonna bullshit you
guys I'm going to tell you how it really
did so I really actually admire those
guys too but the problem with the IG and
YouTube fitness industry is 90% of a lot
of these people they are on steroids and
that's just like really really sad I
wish I wish the fitness industry which
is such a beloved industry by me like I
love fitness I just wish the industry
was a little bit more honest and I think
over time like what all the things that
are going on right now like all the
things that are being exposed I think
sooner than later
all the honesty is going to come out and
I think that's going to do really good
and people going to have realistic
expectations for their fitness goals but
I'm so I just wanted to I guess add my
two cents to all that so what did you
what just happened so we just did a
story and I'll say this an updated story
of the most fucking spoiled little shit
where this fucker killed his parents and
he pulled his money he'll kill his mom
and this fucker killed his dad and
because his dad gave him $200 less on
his allowance but this fuckers 30 years
old and he was his dad was paying his
rent his dad was fucking oh my god man
six hundred dollars spending money oh my
fucking god and then after he killed his
dad right his mom is paying for his
legal fees and then and I just fucking
with what the fuck is this boom and I
kicked the fucking game
oh my shoe my shoe gasps thud it's a
fucking perfect fit you're amazing dude
- this right here shows that his son
will fucking die even woke up like them
that's somebody's child's head right
there
damn that was amazing you is insulation
apart to the office you chose here yeah
all the art that you see covered there
one of them was Bart and the other three
were Joe Faber
imagine if I take little bit to our
neighbors can you see in there is there
anything in this
that's our fucking neighbors it's right
here
it's our mid-years yeah you can see the
neighbors file oh my god I thought I
actually would blue Wow that means if I
stab you with a samurai sword they're
dead people go through imagine you
actually did go through all the way and
then we can finally tell shut the fuck
up or filming now our sound is getting
worse and worse because there's all
these holes the one to the airplane
sound closer we have no horrible okay I
gotta get in shoes yeah you made these -
oh no you we made high I don't know what
holes I've done no no we made one of
these together on accident right way
right the rates and a removal axe and
then someone with the but that was at
e-mart
yeah yeah this team we all got it Edgar
knows I like Justin larious how come you
love me so much and you pay so much
attention to me huh I've already told
you that you're a fucking sack of wine
you're rotted piece of discussion about
a good fruit that eventually gains value
over time what what stage of life am I
in right now you're a cheap wine station
like when you have a child then you'll
be Oh delicious flavorful wine but I'm a
Cornell you say I'm royalty so I can't
be cheap wine no you're at the lowest
tier though you're like
