good morning beautiful people I just got
finished getting my nails done finally
and I went a little blue but here
doesn't look so blue it looks purplish
but it's blue um and now I'm heading
back to go reunite with my baby boo ba
ba ba ba ba Bart and I think we are
gonna head over to get his eye
consultation and because I think he just
wants a second opinion he went to one
doctor that you guys already saw and he
just wants to make sure since it's his
eyeballs that he's picking the best in
the game and doesn't want to risk you
know just not getting the best so I
think it's a great idea to get a second
consultation oh I know when I was
getting my boob job I looked up oh my
goodness I went to like three different
doctors and I researched a million
different people I talked to all my
girlfriends that have boob jobs and I
asked him you know what was the good
what was a bad would you recommend them
let me know like I just got so many
references and so much information on
this that I like when I went in there I
was asking questions like I was a
fucking doctor like oh really so I'm
gonna go over under the muscle are you
gonna you know how many cc's is is gonna
have and it was just I just felt like I
was in power and I highly recommend it
for you guys whenever it is that you're
researching
I'm sorry whatever it is that you're
trying to buy something that is you know
a value and and you guys feel like you
want the best of it I feel like you
should definitely definitely do your
research ask people who own the product
or who have gone under you know whatever
it is you're trying to do that they've
experienced that firsthand ask them you
know their opinion about it what they
liked what they dislike what they would
change what they would
um and just ask around for like a good
month at least I know sometimes you know
our emotions get the best best of us and
you know we just want quick solutions or
quick results and we just want to quit
quick now now now now now but that's not
always the best because then you kind of
undercut yourself and you sell yourself
short so please if you guys can take
anything away from me right now it would
be please do your research ask around
get as much be in the power seat when
you go and you get this thing so even
when buying a car feel like everyone's
gonna buy a car one day so do your
research online find people like read
reviews um if you see people on the
street randomly get across yourself oh
hey like your car is there anything you
don't like about it where did you buy it
like you can have a casual conversation
and Spokane so much information and
that's something that I've learned in
business is that information is powerful
like it's powerful so that's why
information is so fucking expensive so
if you guys can get any sort information
for free I would say please do it so
yeah that's in go right now sorry when
like on a long ass fucking rant but I'm
headed right now to go reenact this pot
buyer so we can come get a consultation
blue nails hi
where's me look vivo phonies oh hi baby
hi love hi baby hi baby hi baby
Boyd's taking a shower
hi Baba I was your workout how was it
yeah
fucked up why that's for my head watch
like a stick more went down oh no you
just put more about your nose up the
window was really good actually because
cero he had to be in a rush he's went
away
oh good those are always the best okay
cool so we just kept the rest really
short yeah and that's what we're going
to do a body pulling it anyway just
because we're both for all three of us
me at internal we're all trying to lose
fat so we just kept it going really
quick and then up there what are some
math that showed up and I've made those
quick of us to set up like in a picture
yeah boom boom boom nice really really
get woke up in my arms I'm freaking dead
yeah oh yeah that's all I was a 1 was a
Tuesday I think for Wednesday oh hi can
see you again Joey Votto sports mega oh
yeah yeah you pull all that blood in
there yeah fine
what are we gonna do now oh thanks Oh
what are we gonna do now I'm gonna go
get a consultation from
all okay look at my nails oh nice
Thanks don't make it food for us right
now
oh yeah five seconds if you just get
away by what city is it in the industry
okay okay I'll wait tree I'm ready to go
how come you're looking at me like that
I'm squinty I am I not right now try it
just try to look at me hey how come you
look like that
like what well squinty oh no because I
can't see yeah I know that's why I like
when you can't see cuz your ear I just
changed completely
okay no it's cute knee I said how cute
it's also cute that you your way huger
than this chair right yeah cuz average
person's shoulders I think and up here
but yours come out this much well Sam's
walk ya know museum yeah that's how I
always feel on the flights you know what
I'm air planes yeah I'm always like oh
my goodness cuz my arm actually rests
past our resident on the other person's
left
that's like naturally that's where my
arm bar you don't have to convince me
baby when we're on a flight together I
fucking hate you
cuz the armrest is like here but then
you spill over on my side and your
shoulder is suffocating my shoulder and
it's numb the whole time that's I'm like
I am NOT traveling internationally or
anything more than six hours with you if
it's anything I'm not traveling if it's
less than business you don't be cool if
flights just offered seed size according
to person size that would be cool so
like if you're like 200 pounds plus then
they naturally put you in like bigger
seats and then if because like I feel
like a 220-pound guy in business class
feels the same as if a 170 pound guy and
economy you know like that's the same
amount of comfort so it kind of sucks
when you have like people that
like six three or six five and then
they're in economy but if they can do it
according to size and then if you want
the next bigger size you just pay extra
so why can't you just do that now
but they're just calling it instead of
size they're calling it econ business
because there's somebody I'm talking
about naturally like when you when you
fill out the information to buy a ticket
if your are 200 pounds plus they just
give you a business card people might be
just felt feel discriminated that they
have to pay extra I think people like
the choice and don't want to be told
where they have to sit well I just feel
stuffed and I feel sorry for the people
next to me all the time then just buy
bigger seats but it's really expensive
yeah I mean that doesn't change what you
just said it does fines you know like
sumo wrestlers in Japan they're not
allowed on the subway stations because
they just take up too much space
what if they want to try it that sucks
no but then the sumo wrestlers they also
have enough respect to know hey I don't
want to cloud other people's space so
they just naturally take taxis and stuff
I'm on their own I just like that like
if you're bigger it doesn't make sense
for you to have like a sixth grade but
not everyone is is the way you are and
think there's to be barges assholes and
they're gonna be like that's
discrimination well I'm trying to think
fair and make it fun for everyone you're
very very very Cooney
yeah me what you order i order nine
ounce of a Angus USDA you'd have to get
that specific it's okay so you get me
thank you from Langston Texas so fun 47
longitude what was their diet yeah yeah
the cows and love or not the eat corn
puffs and they also really kicks and
they also like honey nut cheerios with a
little bit of Marcia and then it gets
them very fatty in an actual we need a
mom and then what's good - away these
yeah
our little golden nuggets yeah but of
Jesus testable see oh
next up on the insiders know stuff had
to go I thought they ka bees are fish
boys with a hurry inside
that's fried basil oil also recipients
now okay you know what was in there this
is plastic okay what's that nice green
tea last week
you look really sexy this is a bunch of
steam cutting across the image yes
you're not hotshot it's not the steam hi
back home after having some yummy food
hi baby girl
Gopi goobie oh no I missed it
hey that's mine you're welcome I'm
scratching hi Gopi alright so how was
your eyes stuff oh yeah we're pretty
good so I already got some of the
procedure done at another place of
course they saw the video but um TIFF
got her eyes done recently at this new
place and she really had a good
experience so she referred me to go and
I've been having a really hard time
trying to schedule with the other place
because I'm super busy Monday through
Friday and I have to take the time off
so me love eating the grass oh sorry
you laughed at him but um you're really
busy so so big time off yeah I'm really
frightened yeah I'm really busy so um
they don't do surgery on Saturdays so I
have to take time off which is really
hard to schedule with us cuz she was
just taking a shower Jennings foot hey
is my god did you see baby I don't know
boy she almost fell off one of her faux
animal you never oh my god you broke it
dude it made well oh my god what is
going on right you know Ricky's like
laughs at me bitch that's why I almost
tripped because I shit was loose
that's just a hobby it's not because
you're clumsy bring it hey
it's not cuz you're clumsy huh Eunice
you suck at putting together puzzles not
doesn't even make sense
I'm hella good at puzzles I don't Boston
he was making fun of pretty and then he
was trying to get off but he's so fat he
poked the whole thing off it fell him
broke it broke and then it shattered on
the floor
let's walk with you strong well to sum
it all up he had a good experience now
he has to decide between the two doctors
that's all yeah and I think he's
inclined to the most recent one because
the doctor is walking him through the
procedure not that the other place
didn't but he just seems a lot more
gentle and his teks to his techniques
and fatigues his techniques just seem
less invasive and I think that's pretty
much it right pretty much I like him
he's ah and the other on clinical
coordinators we're saying that
he's a very anal very OCD and I like
that me too
and the Medical feel like you can afford
a fuck around and so and so I like that
so that means it's gonna take every
single procedure very very seriously and
he does about 20 surgeries a day so
that's why I think he's helping you
smash it in I just feel like he's gonna
fall out get this and I'll let that
one's broken
but I think he's gonna take every
surgery very very uh and uh he does a
lot of ISIL um surgeries and he also
invented his own procedure his on his
desk had a big a trademark plaque called
micro LASIK that's really invented and
that's the only second patent plaque
I've ever seen in my entire life
first one is marked out all the better
the slingshot he invented something to
so I'm like okay this guy's pretty legit
and everyone was very very um
accommodating yeah and I also like it
because they know that you're an
influencer and they know that you're a
person with a voice and a huge following
so of course they don't want to fuck up
because then you're gonna let everyone
know not to go there or to go there so I
feel like they're gonna I feel like they
will do a good job but just because of
that I feel like they're gonna be extra
careful yeah I mean I never really
badmouth anyone either so that's not you
don't well not not that you would valve
Matt badmouth but but because we care
about sharing quality things or things
that aren't up to par we share it
because we know that you know that our
viewers they appreciate that so if
they're bad we would probably be like um
we probably won't even put it out there
first of all but if they're good they're
worried about dude you guys gotta try
this
that's very true okay so now I think
it's it's finally time for me to take a
nap in the day cuz I haven't done that
in a long time and I'm so excited
I wish these guys would play though Hey
click go fine come on come on get him on
get him on get if I get if I get run
care fine
get on get on get him on get him on get
him up bad how do you spread him so far
your Weiner sticking out put it back in
he doesn't cry like Tyson when you
remember when you would hug Tyson he'd
be whining the whole time I have to play
right here you know what's really cool
about fawn he's gonna try to hump her to
assert dominance but you know what's
cool about fawn what I don't think she
likes breeki very much why is that cool
well okay I'm sorry
so I don't think she likes forgive you
very much but do you know what's cool
about fawn
what's fun is that she protects meatloaf
really someone fought when this girl is
trying to Punk this guy over here yeah
she runs in and she got grabs her by the
neck like back to fuck off someone's got
it it's looking cute and what if he
doesn't feel good cuz they usually try
to do that to remedy what why don't you
what doesn't feel good what he doesn't
like grass no they don't just eat it I
don't think he feels good I feel like
fawns about to attack Ricky you know
they're looking at him like is it really
that good bro he didn't even pee they
just peed an hour ago
Oh
big attend upon them I don't know I
think she's just looking see what's
going on listen rigidly what is the
listen stuff I know
oh you scared oh my god I didn't tell
you what happened so you know I like to
scare the dogs and they're used to me
scaring them so they just like it was
just like wag did tail but I'm so used
to doing it to them but he's not used to
receiving it I saw him I know right and
he like you know that that scramble that
Fani does which is like he's like what
ha ha so he cried and he scrambled away
Oh
oh my god I'm so sorry I scared you home
you don't let a lot of people on social
media can't wait to see you a lot of
people on my Instagram they want to see
you they're like can you please make
videos of meatloaf meal of meatloaf oh
thank you boy oh oh I think how cute are
you
you
