ah
Oh
Oh
baby foreskin a king wall husband some
theraflu hold on let me show you guys
something
um I don't believe I ever said it was
okay for you to lay in there look at
these two following the rules but you
who said you can fill up my beanbag with
your fur meatball get off get off get
off me mo that's kind of fuckin cute
we've only had this guy for about a week
and we're learning something new about
him every day and right when we thought
poor guys had a really rough life
he likes to sleep on the floor oh my god
he's falling asleep as I tell you this
story but anyway um yes so Bart made me
some theraflu and he made her some salt
water to gargle with my throat I felt
like I was getting a very itchy uh my
throat just felt really irritated so
he's at gargle I should kill all the
bacteria in there fine did that now I
gotta head out to JK news and do that
all day and hope that I don't feel worse
what did you say nothing I'm just
napping you for like past half hour oh
you have what didn't even say so if I
look at your snap I'm gonna be in it
yeah
welcome how come you love me so much and
you pay so much attention to me huh I've
already told you that you're a fucking
sack of wine you're a rotted piece of
discussion about a good fruit that
eventually gains value over time what
what stage of life in my--in right now
you're a cheap wine station like when
you have a child then you'll be a
delicious flavorful wine but I'm a
Cornell you said I'm royalty so I can't
be cheap wine no you're at the lowest
tier though you're like yeah you're like
the butler that lives in the castle so a
my cardboard wine the cardboard box wine
not even that you're not even fermented
properly it mi Stella Rosa at least no
that's not even like quality so whatever
you piece of shit your that stage words
still bacteria-infested is about to turn
into wine you need a little bit more
time why are you so mean to me I love me
see this is this is what it is every
time you put the camera on you're
suddenly a victim they should just see
how you treat me on a regular basis you
called me a bitch you look really skinny
right now oh she's trying to make sure
that she's wine later yeah you will be
why I just looked at this the the
viewfinder and on you look great I know
if that's what uh what I mean I know you
don't say I know I know that's what the
flu does to you though but also saw the
three pounds over you diarrhea and
vomiting
I just couldn't eat oh you know what I
just realized or discovered flu and cold
are two different things
flus like really severe so you had the
flu yes I had the I had a fever body
chills and eggs that's classified as a
flu yes you don't get that from a cold
the common cold is way different okay so
the flu is the one that fucks you up
chills fever everything like the cold
doesn't give you a fever so that's what
you got I thought I flew hospitalizes
you not if you're Korean oh all right
well lumpiness you're the funny thing is
like I feel like if I go to a hospital
or it might call me bitch I know what
you need there's so much judgment do you
every time I try to do stuff that normal
people do I'm like well apart I think of
me if I'd
that's me yeah that's me I'm like this
empty shell of the person I used to be
life so all of it is gone that's right I
got stabbed yesterday I go to hospitals
like cuz Bart wouldn't go to the
hospital right you don't want to be
called a bitch Bart would spit on it and
they would just heal what do you think I
have a wiener now I did nothing to shake
near my face right now
I didn't have it before I was like what
what would bar do like I can't I have to
grow a pair of balls that's why even
when I got the flu I was like I
legitimately have the flu but if I told
him I had the flu here believe me he'd
give you 30 more burpees that's what he
says so that's what he said to me what I
was like yo man I got the flu he goes
feels fine just do 30 burpees okay I
don't think you know what the flu is do
I know I hate him I used to kill people
it's debilitating yeah I hate him why
can't we join forces and heat him
together because my hate for you does
not out grow there I was worried that's
it it's just cuz I love you I can't I
can't be nice to people I was what so
then you don't love Julie and tifton is
what you're saying I'm always mean to
Julia no you're not and I'm always
needed to know you're not sorry no you
take mine to the next level well I've
known you longer so then my statement is
true you like me more than you like them
no I know you longer right but you're
not as me first of all that is soda I I
love you all I don't believe it I don't
believe it unless you say it out loud I
don't really like that oh you're my
favorite you have a very much Shh oh I
make people jealous like yours son of a
bitch my love is coveted I hate you so
much you're so mean to me you're so mean
to me don't try to hug me you're so
amusing no no now all the fans are mean
to me because of you oh no no no no no I
don't what are you talking about never
take her you aborted babies no we're
never having babies yes you are if
they're anything like gonna be really
tall with a huge head
I believe it you know I said depart on a
joke through my phone because you know
because I fell down the stairs I popped
out my shoulder and I got the food all
like a week and a half right and then
jokingly said I was like the way you
train people I bet your child at the age
of five is to be stronger than me and as
a joke I thought he was gonna laugh he
goes probably and then my self-esteem
just went right through the floor I like
are you bringing it up and and how this
really affected you negatively but he
does not give a fuck clearly
look no bikes given you know what your
emotions don't matter I know why is
because he doesn't ask of me anything
that he wouldn't put on pot himself but
he does things to himself a lot more
simple he hates himself have you seen
how he brushes his fucking teeth
that's Hey Dude were surprised he's
gonna come I'm surprised too or how he
rubs his eyes how he wipes his ass hole
like this him sitting down on the toilet
he spreads his butt cheeks apart you
could be pain be clear watching this
fool this is what he just started doing
his cut and he was doing all the Olympic
lifts right over a status and then he's
like literally like passing out you can
see his legs he's like three more
trotted up he gets back up is that the
day you were super happy
oh yeah I was just smiling at the corner
I think it's because of the kiss yeah
it's still in the state he goes let's go
you see me alone let's go dude you've
already knew you're on your phone get
off your phone
he's got the dadich's in ContentID
fucking name email email I don't know
wait ah all right well I got to put up
with more of your shit for the rest of
the filming there's good mmm let's see
you then be nice okay be fucking nurse
to me I told you to fuck second TV well
no no but what's these of cheese cuz I
the state of stage of wine I'm like a
piece of cheese the pinna nobody likes
that's so mean oh you're these you don't
know I need so much love many time do
you see on your Instagram where people
want to put their penis aside you know
that doesn't mean anything it does what
you say mean is your coveted I don't
care what you say is way more valuable
than getting penis inside of me has such
a fun
why would I be so affected why we have
this conversation if I didn't really
care because no I don't if I needed use
I'd be using my tits first of all you
know that
turn it around I bet tell you since day
one there's nothing so cohosh Oh Bailey
there's nothing watches no cleavage just
want to say know that if I wanted more
B's that's what I would do I fucking
hate you
all right back home now couldn't eat
much cuz I'm just not feeling very good
still feeling like catching a cold and
I'm tracking my macros I know I probably
shouldn't be tracking my macros and
probably tracking more of um just
getting some healthy food in my body but
I just don't have much of an appetite um
so I just had a really big lunch and I
just had a lot of hot tea and I'm about
to make some theraflu for myself right
now and I think I'm gonna take a warm
maybe hot shower and then I think I'm
gonna call it a night
see what the guys are doing ah
hi guy number one hi baby boy
so meatloaf has been with us now for
about a week ha baby and he seems to be
fitting in very well oh he loves love's
hugs and then the Brigham Meister hi
baby girl
hi baby girl alright he's done high BP
she's doing all right when I got her
back she's so thin right now like she's
only been gone for like a week but she
just got so skinny so I've been trying
to fatten her up a little bit more and
what's funny is that meatloaf is
actually a little overweight he's
exactly a hundred pounds and they were
like hey he's kind of on the fat side so
you need a monitor he's eating so I'm
gonna start getting on less fatty food
dog food for him and then I'm going to
do the reverse for fawn and Britt cuz
they're actually underweight um but so
far so good like everyone gets along
really well
everyone is stupid chillin in terms of
the three dogs and it's it's I'm really
surprised because usually we need to do
some dog into an existing pack they
don't like that Jin they're trying to
check each other trying to figure out
who the fuck the health is
and they're trying to clean Territorian
that china like mark you know or pee
everywhere just like I say this is my
spot on this must pot but it's been a
really smooth transition um like
meatloaf his temperament is exactly what
we needed for our lifestyle and it
matches you know that's a bit of the
other two dogs so it's been kind of
perfect it's kind of strange how
seamless this integration of the new guy
has been but so far so good like he's
kind of been a blessing in disguise
because I don't know I'm just seeing
three furries is like super fucking
queued and Bart's like extremely hot
because as you guys heard there's so
much of Tyson that he sees so he Bart's
just been on like cloud nine right now
that like he found a boy that he really
really really connects with because as
much as he loves flying and bricky he
just doesn't have that connection with
him so it's been really sweet but anyway
I see what the guys are up to
well this guy again oh yeah what are you
guys watching
oh my cheese advice tonight oh nice you
just came from a little lonely sleep
about twelve dollars from Guardian aka
Tyson
hey pretty boy yeah he's a hundred
pounds that's very gentle in his hundred
pounds hey baby I was here last time go
where she loves dogs
do what you will yeah
