good morning everyone today is a little
bit different it's pretty early both me
and MA bear woke up at 6:30 since 7:05
of it but we've been up for like 30
minutes to an hour and it's different
because usually it's either ma bears
awake first and I'm still sleeping or
I'm awake and we're still sleeping or
one of us taking care of Tiger or trying
on a new schedule and today ma bears
gonna go to the gym and train in the
morning so there's more presence of her
at the gym she is the one managing the
gym now and then I'll be daddy sitting
with this guy and how much higher
training at home but this guy hopefully
everything goes nice and smooth and he
doesn't cry for momma 20 million times
and he enjoys being with David at the
shakiest head
that's cute me
all right well I made some coffee
are you gonna drink some of the cockpit
me you got me some earth that is just
not how to mess around they're not
boring you're the lovely one you're the
one that as soon as he cries you know
what to do when he cries I just like I
just put him on me and I'll uh and if
that doesn't work then that's all I know
what to do and he has to keep crying how
mama comes back you're the loving one
damn they know how to have fun is that
being neglected watching Stars play
these two can go at it all day love
playing all day I'm so glad you guys
have each other crush them yeah
and Tai Chi also needs a brother sister
so they could play all day like these to
keep each other company
you're my body ready okay done consider
it done
slams ooh
oh yeah all right boy it's just you and
me mama left and if we can't work
anything out we're gonna have to just
figure it out for Nick Oh Evie Evie guy
we're just gonna have to figure out for
the next two and a half hours and tell
grandma comes okay so we got to make a
pact we're gonna try to make everything
nice and awesome and there's nothing we
can't accomplish together what do you
think about that okay
based off the signs of your feet sounds
like a plan
all right nice and want some tea me oh
you're on what you wanna watch Punisher
on Netflix all right that's what he
wants to watch we'll watch Punisher on
Netflix this is our next set up so tight
girl likes it when I'm either holding
him or singing into him or rocking them
or making funny noises so he's on my lap
now and we're making funny noises
together
well the blogs are still transferring
while watching Punisher which is what he
wanted everything was cool so far
without mommy I think I might be able to
do this every morning
oh what's that oh so if I could keep
this up that I could be a good house
daddy what do you think good house daddy
good boy good house daddy
moose moose so this is where mommy
instincts her way better than daddy
instincts I was holding him in my lap
and I looked down and I'm like wait why
is it wet here I smelled it and cuz I've
hater blockers I thought I thought I was
just water I just kept watching TV you
know I was like wait why would it be
water like did I go wash my hands
whatever oh my how could it just be
water but then being a dad you're like
yeah that's just why why our God I'm you
somehow which doesn't make any sense at
all and then it just started bugging and
I'm like we know they're washing my
hands like did I spill coffee on myself
I spilled water on myself why is it or
water so I start filling this guy up and
then I realized that a bunch of Pele
eked out the side of his pj's so now I'm
changing his diaper getting this ready
and a lot of people don't know but there
is actually a limit just kind of like
how will you watch those maxi pad
commercials for girls are always dumped
in that blue liquid there is a limit and
if it reaches that limit it's gonna come
out so I guess it reached it reached its
limit so not only that I gotta change
his little diaper I brought out another
set of clothes so I could change him so
he's nice and dry and wipe him down
sorry I missed my spidey senses on his
village of Mamas but I still got it done
was that what you're trying to tell me
you're telling me you got pee all over
you good boy thank you for being so
understanding
this boy's going way too fast because
this thing is for a kid that's three
months and it doesn't even fit him look
at that I put it on him the first sign
was the freaking blue spot it's smaller
than his foot is healed all the way out
here and then this caller is barely
going up to his nipple and needs to go
all the way above his shoulder damn it
my daddy instincts suck sorry I bet you
mom would have lined it up and was like
up that's not gonna fit so now I got to
bring them upstairs and find them some
clothes that fit sorry mister naked guy
there you go nice and clean mr. clean
guy other feather feel good now the
puppet do a good job do I get a or a B
or C if I get a make a noise I'll take
that here we go boy you big boy
let's go back down to - now it's time to
get some training before grandma comes
before daddy has to go to work
hi cousin his little swing I put him in
the shade but I also put them close
enough to the garage door so we can get
some nice fresh air it looks beautiful
out there right now there's nice and
crisp nice and cool I collect it and
he's playing with this little moose toy
got the tunes on I'm gonna get ready to
start rolling out dad has a lot of
doggie hair you got to clean this but
yeah time to bring out some some light
training
this is the light training session so
it's not gonna be too difficult I should
be done in like 30 minutes 40 minutes
and then take a shower and see what time
it is then probably answer some emails
and I think grandma should be here
around that time oh look at this guy boy
like the Sun mister
right in the nick of time he's finished
training his light training and this
little man wakes up I have to put the
cardboard here because the Sun has come
in I didn't want him to have a little
like stumper patch on his face he seems
pretty chill and relaxed I'm gonna take
some of this stuff there this is uh I
just had a meet so I'm gonna take this
stuff in found some other clothes just
kind of uh see what I can tidy up around
here without actually making it a
cleaning Pincus it's been pretty busy so
things are starting to pile up and I
hate clutter
I really hate clutter I like doing these
are organized I'm gonna take these
things in but things just keep popping
up like powerlifting means friends
having babies birthdays and I think the
next the next week and a half free is
like you know next you put the week
after that so I'm gonna clean up around
the house it's still kind of it does
drive me nuts I like that that feeling
when you walk into a room and you're
like it's a good clean car like all that
like the house feeling like that so time
to go back inside I'm walking to the
office now anyone you know what I
realize it's so funny
so we have a coffee place upstairs and
every single day before any meeting at
work day I always go oh man too bad I'm
on a diet I can't get one of those crazy
lots of Monte lattes or a dirty chai
latte caramel whatever frappe patate and
today since this whole week I get to
cheat like crazy because it's after my
father for me imma cheat like crazy but
my collars up and they start cutting
again
I was looking at another should I should
get one of those matzah wantes I'm like
now there's no weird it's like when you
can't have something you want a ten
times more and then when you're allowed
to have it all of a sudden but I think
just because I can't I'm gonna go back
upstairs and grab one in my face bitch I
just step and
oh thank god it's just like a little
watermark at I'm so traumatized
cuz uh there'd be on the grass all
the time no one's picking it up and you
know you stepped in the minute you
step and you slide a little bit because
in it's squishy and so I just had that I
haven't felt that a long time and I got
problems has a little bit but I'm good
in stuff of time we go to my
meetings my bears at a meeting right now
so I don't really want to disturb her
but I do kind of want to spy on her cuz
it's rare where we're both not enemy
came like 30 minutes earlier that's why
so let's see what she's up to
probably i'm just makes the morning
thank me just double-check up
winning requests
yeah
okay so clips lying around to me
and so everything here's some are bears
in charge of the gym I think they're
trying to figure out a system to clean
up the gym right now I'm gonna have a
meeting with Devon in the other room so
I just sneak out I finished all my
meetings I'm on my way home I'm riding
with Evan and what's freakin crazy about
LA traffic is so we just went through a
ton of traffic on the freeway up there
and we're now local and there's still
crazy amount of traffic look at this why
are we in a residential street or
non-residential but on a local street
and it looks like we're on a freeway
this is freaking crazy and the lights
only last like five seconds that's the
one biggest gripe I have about LA is the
traffic otherwise the weather is awesome
there's so many things to do here
there's tons of food which I love but I
think I live five five or seven miles
five to seven miles away from our office
and without traffic I can get there in
like five minutes
but with traffic it's dirty you believe
that guys it's awesome day together
didn't we take up entire gets tired he
starts crying a little bit more but
who's that kind of Miller who's that guy
who's the guy hey go boy who the guy go
boy
say good night everyone
good night if a Bobby good boy
