what guys just got a haircut
and I just did my hair - which is why
I'm having my head lean back so I can
have my hair dry naturally in place and
I would use a blow dryer because it
would just be way faster but the problem
with that is see this blow dryers in the
back right there but the problem with
that is I am deathly scared of the heat
because as soon as I have hot air
blowing on me I'm gonna start sweating
profusely and that's gonna defeat the
purpose of me taking a shower and I
don't want to do that because I'm trying
to stay present of all fresh and clean
and I just got my hair cut today but I
was actually really scared about getting
a haircut
cuz my normal barber so when I go to
Vin's hair salon in Alhambra I always
ask for Ben because ever since the first
time I went there I think ever since in
college she kind of write and I'm a guy
cool and I used to cut hair in high
school in June and I when I was in
junior high I used to cut all the little
kids hair on my street I used to fade
them up people without bangs and stuff
back then and then when I was in high
school I just cut my homies hair and cut
the little junior high people hair and I
went charge like 3 bucks a head a little
barber shop in my garage so I know what
a good fate looks like because I can do
it myself
and all the way through college I used
to cut my own hair and my favors pretty
good on forums and learned techniques
but then as I got older I just got more
and more busy and I don't have time to
cut my hair do the cleanup and then
vacuum the floor and then check my hair
and I go back and forth this before I
used to be able to spend like a hour or
two just cutting my hair and cleaning up
but also as I get old have so many tasks
to do now I kind of want people to
service me instead of servicing myself
so for the past like how long maybe at
least eight nine years I've been getting
my hair cut and pins and it's always
been Ben's
I just sit down and he knows what I want
haven't got a tongue
and when you start talking about life
and unless I want to change my hairstyle
like you've seen me I have a more of a
comb-over that's more slicked back a
little bit I would just tell him that
and he'll make changes but today he got
hella busy and so he have to cancel on
me and I was like hot shit I kind of
rearranged my whole schedule it was
about my brother who weren't on the
street is equally as good but he never
touched my hair before and I have been
jeopardized before when I tried a new
barber and they just fuck up the whole
shit cuz they're new to my head shaping
and they don't know what to do you know
and I was like should I just wait till
Monday
but I also been throwing out for like
the past three weeks so I look hella I'm
presentable and my hair just looks like
a half throw half comb over gel thing
and I'm like dude I got a film and we
gotta hire people we have meetings and
stuff I can't be looking like a bum so I
was like I must test out your brother
because he's your brother and they
opened the barbershop together so it
can't be that bad so I got my hair cut
and it turns out pretty good I asked for
a medium low fade and that's what I like
to get so it's a zero down here and then
he fades up it looks kind of harsh like
the fade doesn't look that smooth
because of the lighting right now
because the lighting was really bright
in this room but if you uh if the room
was more normally lit you would see that
it was a more of a smoother faith but he
did a really good job of following my
head shape and kind of fading along so
the back of my head looks good which is
really important the back of your head
is just as important as the front of
your head so uh Steve which is Ben's
name he actually uh Ben's brother's name
I actually did a really good job so I'm
happy about that I think my hair is just
about dry just by even me standing here
I'm sweating god damn I just took a
shower but yeah cuz these days I've been
rocking a comb-over without the line
we're not a full comb-over kind of like
a spiky comb-over just because to get a
full comb-over
I need the long hair because my hair is
hella thick and I would also just keep
standing up but I don't like
having hair all up in my face right now
especially with the fast-paced lifestyle
right now sometimes I don't have time to
do my hair that I wear a hat I got a
train so there's just too much stuff to
worry about so I kind of like having
just short hair so I can go in and out
honestly
I won't even mind blowing ball but Jill
doesn't like meatball and having a
little bit hair there's a extra element
of style and it is a little more
presentable so I'm just keeping my hair
but now I'm done got a head to work
so David do you know what rustic
industrial yeah dude I was looking all
over for a desk
and then no one really made anything I
wanted that was like that they kept
inventory for so I kind of had to like
go the custom route and all the custom
wrought ones they're like four to six
weeks and then I actually placed a
hoarder on a desk you know it's 1,500
and then I started thinking about my
1500 or waiting six weeks and I'm still
not that happy with it might not fuck it
so I asked them if they already started
working on it now I'm like I get a
refund like yeah well that's pretty cool
something either cheaper or unseen
pricing it now may be okay with it
yeah that's fucking crazy
yeah it's like 10 G's for a coffee table
and I'm like myself like that shit's
dope though that's the hard part
I love restoration of hardware man like
I look at all that stuff and I'm like
dude if you actually outfitted your
house with this you could easily drop
like 50 GS on just a living room yeah
it's something for ballers you know yeah
yeah yeah oh my god and the shovel was
like we went to this big shop and he was
down with that yes I honestly would be
down with like a 3G table but it's gotta
blow my mind if not like I can't I can't
justify spending that much it's got to
have like goldfish swimming through and
like ice I'm riding I could see fishes
and stuff it's gotta be like that
do you know where you're gonna do yes
where there's a lot of ways to cover it
up over it and then just slide it over
last time massage - all right I saw
might want to put a I'm waiting for them
to fix up the rest of the office and see
where there's like space to put things
and then I'll figure out no not
completely at all
yeah
oh yeah so like when I ended up I was
looking for stuff and then I eventually
found this desk and then this desk is
called a tanker desk and it's from the
50s so I was all cool so I guess I kind
of liked some stuff from the 50s so I
found this couch at IKEA that has a 50s
vibe so I got that to match this desk
this the desk is kind of expensive
because what they do is they take
old-school tanker deaths and then they
strip and buff the paint off so that you
can reveal the grain of the metal
underneath and then they put a clear
color on it like it's a car so they
restore desks like it's a car thank you
yeah that was like five of your bucks
yeah yeah the couch yeah so I'm trying
to go for like a clean but still
somewhat industrial look and so I got
this and then it's kind of like 50s
themed and then they had this heater
there look at this heater it still works
too and it's from my old school here I
got it
obviously the heater yeah but I just
thought I thought it'd be cool and then
I got this phone to put on the desk
old-school like industrial rotary phone
where you can call different lines and
stuff I don't know yet but on this wall
right here I'm getting a neon sign made
of our new bears logo for the vlogs oh
shit
so I'll be the same color as the open
sign where it's like blue on the inside
or red on the outside oh yeah so kind of
how like that vibe that is what I was
doing as i'ma pull of a year a little
bit down
all right let's see the progress of the
barbell brigade office
oh the DMS setup how do you like your
new workstation I love it I have a huge
screen right here having trouble because
kind of subpoenas come too small for
anything so it's hard flipping through
all my videos on my footage the timeline
everything's up I think with the big
screen I make a lot easier do you think
that it's poor that we finally have a
real office really not actually like
come in here and work get my work done
I'll be surrounded by everyone so any
questions I have it just go quickly to
them instead of texting me I'm getting a
response or an hour later everything I
feel like we move a lot quicker now yeah
that's for the longest time I think
barbell like we've been working like a
team of freelancers where we do meet up
like once a week but we all kind of like
do our work at our homes or individually
in different places and you kind of lose
out I think like being a freelancer is
cool because you get to work out the
comfort of your own home and then you
don't even have to brush your teeth and
you can you know it's on your schedule
but then you definitely lose out on the
team aspect and then it's easy to lose
track of what cause like everyone's
fighting for you know and
all for something that we all want to
improve on so like before like you said
it was cool being able to do whatever
you wanted on the whole time yeah but
that does it for me get a lot of done
time a lot of time to fucking around do
whatever I wanted especially if we
wanted like keep wawapo
having a spot we're all here we'll all
work at the same time while getting work
done I feel like it's and it's still
it's still like we're not like a huge
company where it's a restricted company
or get your job done you go home do
whatever you come in here you still have
fun I still like a fun job and
everything but you can come in here now
with a belong get our work in go home
and then relax instead of being at home
thinking that place is just for work cuz
we're not at my home and it doesn't feel
like home and I feels like a workplace
work with to be able our meetings there
and that's where you want my anything
you go about in the house there's
pictures of horrible all the new clothes
everything that we have everything's up
there but being here everything is going
to be here now which a lot cooler it's a
lot nicer and I can see everything
happening in front of me instead of
through tags or once a week during the
meetings and when I go home I got you
relax you're prepared for the next day
to come in that's true do you feel like
you're gonna try to finish all your work
here
and then try to go home and that way the
separate work from home and rest there
will be definitely times where I still
have to take the work home just for like
for video purposes cuz like video it
doesn't you can't really just stop your
work it doesn't take a long time there's
no set hours and if playing a project
needs to get done in like two days
then I basically have to get it done so
there will be times when I do need to go
home and it's still bring my laptop a
little work yeah but since I'm here I'm
able to focus now I'm going to just just
work and instead of being distracted by
everything else yeah but what made you
choose this super comfortable looking
chair oh because so I wanted a bigger
screen and if I got a bigger screen if I
have my laptop up here well I'm adding
gonna be good posture Aaron's gonna be
like a regular desk but then I can't
really see what's on the screen will be
blocked on my computer and also I feel
like with editing me being here for five
or six hours straight with no break is
gonna get pretty tough so being able to
like this like I know all the other
people will edit like eight to twelve
hours straight do it okay I think
because every every JK news day when we
film pretty much from 10:00 a.m. to
10:00 p.m.
B Choi is editing non-stop and he can do
it in a regular chair it's the Afghan
way huh
you got a relaxed yeah
how did you choose a color for the
carpet I just was gonna have here I was
picking out everything that's kind of
dark
yeah I actually picked out darker
rockland like as you said like you
really chose your office light I saw
this way a little bit like when you walk
into it's kind of noticeable that it's
white yeah there's a little bit more
contrasting colors yeah so I'll be
contrasting to the walls to the chair to
the desk and watch everything that's
pretty cool and it doesn't look but it
doesn't stand all the crazy no it looks
good looks good what about you and
what's uh how do you like finally having
an office after running all the
operations of barbell Brigade from
either your home or from our house
honestly I really like my big screen -
so my - you have to came in yet it'll be
here in a few days yeah but I'm
borrowing errands right now just to test
it out and see how this because we call
it a state duty oh I see yeah so he's
living barber but you know having having
a place to finally just just be base to
work on everything for barbell it's
gonna be such a stress relief because I
live probably about 30 miles away from
here I've been putting on
300 miles a week running errands because
everything I need to do is so far from
me yeah now that I'm here I'm in the
middle of everything that I need to do
so I only have to drive home which is
only 30 miles now and having everything
here in my place with everybody I need
to talk to you now I feel like I can
actually finally make some strides with
Barbara and it's just nice being around
the team fun instead of doing this
myself yeah I think that's one of the
greatest aspects it's like we all see
things moving and progressing like we do
see like videos moving forward when
journal comes in we see the photos but
it's just all on a weekly basis and then
like we have like a parallel over here
are new stuff that we're trying to
launch so there's just all these moving
parts but we don't see them moving they
just kind of finish and they happen and
then we're not really like involved with
each other but one really cool aspect is
now we can be involved with each other
from my beginning to end you don't have
to wait anymore to bounce these ideas
off each other
yeah it's literally like tilt your head
yeah okay we'll do that instead you know
it's really quick that's true
what kind of table is this looks really
unique and you have a freaking nuts a
dryer down there oh yeah this is this is
a little comfort he's got the flange and
I've got nothing and it's actually a an
apparel cutting so Table one segment
normally they're like 50 feet long every
like 5 feet is a new statement I just
figured it's an apparel company and this
gets the job done I just need a table
yeah it looks cool it's industrial it
does like it matches like the lights
matches the floor matches the brick
walls looks good and then over here we
got all of our samples all different
color shirts the new stuff for trying to
lunch it's gonna be really really cool
that was such a satisfying meal because
I think today I have one of those days
again where I just had so many things to
do one thing after another
I'll setting up the desk at the new
office rearranging the furniture and I
lost track of time and that delay uh we
call a head honcho meeting which means
meet you and Aaron pretty much like the
corporate execs at Bart well we have our
meeting and we kind of look over some of
the bigger things of barbel like
building on the sponsorship program how
much it's going to go how much are we
going to spend on this how much play do
we need to restock inventory on a big
level and then we had that meeting that
right after we had our poker game
corporate meeting where all the
department heads like the game be choice
arrow everyone comes in churro and we
talked about like the mid-level dealers
going on and then we pretty much wrapped
and usually that takes like three or
four hours and simply building the
furniture and having all those meetings
I think that was from like to all
so about nine o'clock I didn't eat all
the starving and so why when we're done
since the deal office is closed Little
Tokyo almost-kiss Honda yup please Jill
went home earlier because I sure wasn't
feeling that good and cheat meal that
I've been wanting to eat Monday off so
yeah just go home and thank you so much
monogram you're the best
why I do hate is one like girls they say
one another like there's no need to say
one thing because you're scared of like
revealing your true feelings like that's
the worst thing you can have if you can
be upfront and be like hey you know what
we haven't had sex that much this week
or I don't feel like you love me as much
anymore like the more you can voice
things but it's also important to not
just voice them as complaints because
then you just end up being like the
problem person we're like all you ever
see our problems in a relationship but
if you can voice it and also have a
solution like hey I feel kind of lonely
um can you watch a movie with me are you
down on watching movie with me
that's perfect is it now you'll be known
as a complaint or problem person because
you're all supposing solutions so that's
what I like because I think in the
beginning of the relationship
relationship Gio never really was that
like yeah go you with your friends and
then come back she was someone left me
all alone she's never really like that
but I think both me and her we would
complain about dates and I realize but
that just turned into like a random like
blame game fight he said she said
because now once we got older and we're
like way deeper into this relationship
we understand that solutions are more
important so sometimes we'll be like hey
you know we actually haven't spent any
quality
romantic time with each other yeah we
see each other all the time because we
have so many businesses together and we
live together but none of that time is
spent in a romantic way it's more like
hey uh can you send me over this file
can you email me this it's never like oh
ma / Papa really enjoyed each other's
company and then we'll look why don't we
have a dog park day we just go and just
hang out with the pups and we have a
good time and then there's a solution
right there so if you guys are ever in a
rut in a relationship and you realize
that you got a voice things go ahead and
voice them but always offer solution
because that's that's the best way or
just can be known as that complaining
ass bitch but I'm tired as hell no I got
home I think it's a 11 o'clock right now
and a long long day started the day
way early even before the haircut I woke
up think around 8:00 got a good ass
training session in got the haircut and
did all the other stuff so I'm gonna go
home and finally knock out and kiss my
wife
that sounded weird that's not an oldest
fuck I kissed my wife I'm kissing my
hind eye motherfuckers peace guardian
aka Tyson
hey pretty boy yeah he's a hundred
pounds in his hundred pounds hey baby I
was here last time she loves dogs yeah
