he's enunciate a go sing it cruisin down
the street cruisin down the street in my
6-4 all right what do we doing today
today we are going to be playing a game
called then I called boobies it's called
cork and screwed market screw we've
never played it before we're gonna see
what it's like me too because I've never
played it before
yes today is take a party day I'm gonna
have a good time
everyone's here we bought ten is here
now
and the girls I feel like they're still
getting ready I knew it
they're still getting ready well I mean
I'm just doing that sure but killing
time you know what that's one thing I've
realized that makes girls appear to be
late um because we're killing time so
we're done with everything we have to do
and then we're like okay we're waiting
like what are we this then we start
doing other stuff because there's always
something to do and we're very
multitasking very efficient and any
efficient yeah so then when the guys are
done like you're not ready yeah and they
got just like mid sweeping I don't know
that chiminey or something I like this
one-sided conversation because and then
I'll step in here and interrupt and then
yeah in the toilet just like a very
intimate nice noise alright so we just
finished playing a crazy fucking intense
game of resistance and my mind is
absolutely mashed potato right now yeah
and uh with crazy is that these guys
over here behind the camera these guys
this guy over here I'm gonna snap and
you're my vlog I told them that now they
have to wear masks cuz in their facial
reaction to getting excited they get so
excited that they give away the position
of the people the borrower's right you
know it's like oh my god yeah yeah so in
this particular round part and I were by
and we almost got away but I fucked up
and I gave away the position like a
loser like loser and then there goes
good old Josh hey right are you ready
for the purge purge it's all funny just
look grossly these don't fit my face
like at all like the the UH the eyelids
like go over my
yeah I'm just gonna watch all right all
right all right we're gonna play one
more round of this intense motherfucking
game oh we are rap how are you feeling
oh I was good I think before when we're
playing the resistance game especially
that one long game I felt like it was an
hour my brain is fried
because in games like resistance and
mafia
I hate being Mafia or the bad guys cuz I
have to lie but I'm a good liar
oh sorry I hate lying cuz it makes me
feel bad like I did something bad
but you're the worst cuz you make people
believe you and they jump on board with
you and they're like I trust you hold
heartily you convince people and then
you you stab them in the back yeah
that's the game that's holes are
supposed to play you're supposed to put
people's emotions and throw do you sleep
at night you're a horrible human I just
lay my head on the pillow and I close my
eyes
evil evil B toy Ryan said you guys in
the back watching the whole thing go
down on the chair Joshua Barnes seen
their life
this is any blame you when when he
caught you up that was a very smart move
on his end very smart yeah well he
wanted to keep me alive for the team no
no that's good I'm not I'm not I'm not
mad at that cuz then as soon as he said
that then Joe's like you if I caught on
that to that I'm like oh fuck oh well at
least it it it it ensures that the spies
are still in the game yeah I wanted to
punch myself in my own teammate like
immediately jumped on it yeah well it
was better they don't understand how to
play like you know when you're a bad guy
so this is one person actually one of
the things this is Jake a party but I
can tie this all the way to a lot of
laws of a past so for example like gun
control for example right like the the
government they
the more restrictions we put on legally
obtained weapons they think they're
gonna keep guns off the streets like
deter people yes but guns on the streets
held by criminals they get it through a
black market waste so the more gun
restrictions you put on guns it doesn't
protect the people it actually hurts the
people because now it's home from the
get home defense weapons because the
criminals they're not gonna go to a
store and buy a guns make your shoot
people's I can get traced like they get
the weapons on their own right and that
the reason why is because it's sheep
thinkin like sheep we're trying to catch
a wolf and so when you're playing a game
like resistance or mafia the people that
are good or wolves that think like a
sheep and then they play like a sheep
but then walls and the killing and
eating machine and because I was a
criminal I know what good people think I
try to play like a good person won't
hurt you bash it so what I highly
recommend and this is what the CIA does
they hire all the best criminals around
the world to fight other criminals
because they know these criminals are
fuckin smart and they know what other
Cremona do you think I'm fuckin bowtie
way motherfuckers gonna know what a
fuckin four other criminals trying to do
nope that's why I suck at these games
cuz I have a very sheep mind quit I've I
with my heart was like you might throw
man I'm like everybody else didn't fit
you you I bust you put it on myself
anybody else yeah I self-incriminating
for sure well I do feel you on the Josh
thing though cuz you're Josh just gave
up like he gave it up in the first round
to it wasn't like he gave it up and it
was like three rounds in locked up as
soon as ice I saw this a speech pad his
speech pattern stutter I wanted to
capitalize on how unsure he was so as
soon as it was like well no it's dark
out what are you Josh he goes yeah it is
so I was like aha
you have to think about a motherfucker
cuz you're a motherfucking spy
down bad guys make the best good guys
remember that shit another one a lady's
on the phone how you guys feeling
I know we had a very mentally training
session you see oh pretty yeah I really
like the the background over there you
haven't seen me take the pictures back
there that lighting is the shit
I love these is that a girl moment so I
asked how you guys are mentally after
the game and then we're talking about
the lighting your selfies at home I'm
like so this is where she's always
sitting let me go get some bit lighting
like oh shit that's how when people are
like oh you're so pretty I'm like no
dude it's angles lighting and makeup
every single time every single time I
ain't even trying to lie well they're
they're okay they're good they had a
hard game but the chillin Joe hmm how
are the games for you today it was
pretty good we had one random no brain
games in the other game was using the
brain game and I enjoy the brain game
but I also enjoy the no brain game um
would you say that your criminal
background actually helps you in the
brain games specific okay your past with
very with very grown experienced people
very Street experienced oh no I just
think it takes I mean a certain kind of
mind that enjoys poker or a game of
deception or a game of see for me it's
like I don't in real life I don't like
doing a lot of this stuff because it
feels really bad and wrong but then when
it's in the game we're in a pretend
world so we're role-playing so then when
we roleplay we could be whoever we want
to and I think that's really fun because
it comes with acting you know it's
almost like if you enjoy being an actor
and you can play this role as a crazy
evil villain even if that's not who you
really are but you can kind of live
vicariously through the role that you
play and so every time I play these
games I feel like yes today I get to be
crazy shitty villain and I'm gonna be
the best fucking villain in the world or
I'm gonna be the best fucking cop in the
world and so either way I try to play
the best to my ability and really find
out the bad guys or really be the best
bad guy Danny really good cuz I'm not
until today the second time when I was
mafia I had to actually flex on my
acting the lot like the little acting so
as I do have added flex on it had to
convince myself that I was a good guy
and I was slowly starting to believe
myself and getting a little bit more
comfortable with the mafia thing but
because josh was on my side I felt like
I had no chance and everyone always
suspects me some like fuck I can do it
but you gotta start even if you have
someone on your team that you feel it
might be weak
you just got to care you no matter what
I mean um I fucked up in the first round
because I didn't quite understand the
rules so I gave too many before
disrupting the game I gave too many to
the to the to the whole resistance group
and then I gave myself up when oh wait
you were mafia so it's three and they
were out and I'm all they all right I
already fucked up nice and then I wasn't
no none of me or TIFF weren't picked for
the next one so of course the resistance
is gonna win so he's a good job and I'd
never trust you because you are a good
liar I have a totally choked for a team
but it was fun I learned a lot about
deception in lying to people
so hey that's a good takeaway but yeah
Mon Tues
and a meeting
so I am now in bed my favorite part of
today I had such a long day like some
jkp stuff then had a couple hours of
barbed wire gauge meetings then I came
home and wrote a new treatment for
another jkp shoot that we're gonna have
um but now we're talking in a silly
Sally now I'm home and I'm finally able
to rest and it is right now it is 11:30
for I think words about that in turn I
think Bart's gonna enter right now and
we're probably gonna have a little
pillow talk
but I feel good I feel good again my
break is back and I have my meat loaf
now and I shared him with you guys and
you guys loved him so I thought that was
awesome so I have peace of mind and I
feel like my family grew and not only
did they grow and like um in size but it
grew in a very nice way cuz we got to
save a pup and that was awesome
you see if birth here brookies kind of
slow she's not the smartest dog so she's
having if she's just coming back inside
that little ledge that I got her she
just doesn't know how to use it because
I turned it a bit so that um oh he had a
spring hurry he's no love you're welcome
she gets her manners from her dad I
swear
are you kidding me are you kidding me
I'm freaking nice and CUNY we look at
meatloaf it's him
yes I did what the hell since when
Thursday of last week yes
I don't even remember what day we got
him huh there's Tyson number two I swear
Tyson place in that is meatloaf but
seriously I swear to you this is Tyson
such a good boy he looks it he is Tyson
I was just saying how I feel so like I
have so much peace of mind right now
what because I got my baby girl back and
we saved a really amazing boy yeah he
said me everyone loves him right now
everyone is in love with this guy okay
see you later tell my secret Tyson
passed away I was gonna ever love
another dog the same way I hear you
let's lay down this is pillow talk time
papa they've just embarked on another
episode of pillow talk with Mama and
Papa Bear
why didn't he love come in then anyway
so you were you're about to tell me how
I must suck on this TV
what the hell you fine you're about to
tell me how I was gonna tell you that um
so after Tyson passed away I thought
that I was never gonna be able to love
another dog as much as I loved Tyson
yeah because um I mean like no like
discredit to fajn or breaky
oh here it comes what no my my friend
let's be honest I'm sorry um but they're
just dogs they are they don't possess
the soul so like Tyson like what made
him very very special is a lot of things
didn't have to be trained and you can
just kind of communicate with them from
animal to animal and he got like the
gist of what was going on if you felt
sad he came to you every time you and I
were fighting he would come in between
us and blades don't
so much or he'll distract us like we'll
be fighting in the kitchen anything like
he runs all the way and jumps on my bed
and then pees on my bed
nobody has like a personality of his own
you know and you can tell like when he's
laying on the floor what he's feeling
like oh god you guys are just talking
about that again like he's you can see
him frustrated you could see him overeat
Cosima extremely happy and fun and
breaky to me they're just regular dogs
are happy they wag their tail and then
they're a ball of fun and joy and they
do have each of their own personalities
like Fonz is very athletic which is
really shy but she's also very
affectionate bring ease is really done
and so they all have and what brig is
like she's like the nothing can go wrong
done you know like she's always happy
smiling optimistic night which is why
it's probably easy for other people to
pick her up just so happy and because of
that most dogs that I see they're very
one-dimensional and Tyson was very
multi-dimensional which made me love him
very much and not to mention he always
walked with me wherever I went which is
something that fun and break you don't
do never do like Tyson and the start
when I was a kid I think cute I could
feed him yeah go feed him that it would
be like a feedom and he won't eat until
I leave like y'all off poor on this ball
you know kind of walk with me and follow
me around once you see I settle down
then he goes back into eating he's not
this natural like instinct of this is
the person I need to protect and fawn
and bring you give him food and just eat
immediately like they're just like
animals you know and then the only other
person that I've seen possess these
qualities is meatloaf so even though I
only known for a little bit I love him
like so much already because like just
remember the first day we saw him in the
shelter like we're just walking from
kennel to kennel and we're looking for
breaky but when I saw I mean there's a
bunch of other German Shepherds that we
saw every single shelter and we probably
saw at least five or six then I saw
meatloaf who was Guardian at the time
that was his old name so I'm in the
kennel and as soon as I walked by late
as soon as yeah soon as I walked by you
see his eyebrows kind of like furrow
he kind of looks up he looks at me I'm
like oh shit those were Tyson eyes and
then remember harder telling me you're
like trying to call him and other people
call him you know just lay there and I
would just be like come here and he
immediately got up and he got up with
Cammie and licked me like my fingers
through the fence and I'm like oh shit
like I really have a connection with
this guy I'm like I'm looking to adopt
another dog
yeah but out of all the German Shepherds
I saw which I love them I didn't really
care much from because I'm just looking
for a break eat but then I had a
connection with meatloaf and then even
when I went home that night I really
wanted stop thinking about I kept
thinking about him really I want my
bridge back ah well let's get Brady back
well no no he's gonna adopt anything
we're not even free or anything yeah and
then when you went back to the same
shelter it's like four breaky again
you're like hey Meat Loaf's here and he
started telling me all the awesome
things about him and I'm like oh man
maybe we should get him and then we went
to go see him it was just as awesome as
he explained and he just has this like
like right now while we're having a
pillow talk the only dog in this room
let me show you guys can I show ya all
right let me show you so this is my side
of the bed do you guys see any furries
no nope okay so this is Bart side of the
bed do you guys see any furries there no
I don't you don't see any nope
what's this right here at the foot of
the bed Wow oh good baby come here
all right or you can go over there next
year papa good boy meatloaf good Tyson
he loves you he adores you and then see
after you pet him then the freaking
jealous bitches okay Ricky good girl but
see like the this natural like innate
like you know like you watch those
iconic movies where you got that guy the
retired Navy SEAL
that moved off into the woods and it's
just him and his dog I felt that with
Tyson you know like when I was in
wrestling and I squirt Hamlet Tyson I
went camping with Tyson
I taught Tyson on a longboard and
there's just so many activities I did
with just me
and Tyson like the man and his dog but I
never I've never really experienced I
would bring in fauna like I love them to
death but they're more of like there's
not that man and dog bond you know but I
can feel it with meatloaf and it's
amazing because I'll just think about in
the shower like I've never I don't think
I'm ever gonna be able to love another
dog like Tyson every other dog is gonna
be another dog and I made meatloaf and
I'm like dude this guy is it's fucking
amazing
it's really amazing
aren't you happy I pushed for it yeah I
can't believe like the old owners gave
him up there's a knee a great dog
awesome I love him so much
you kidding me he really reminds me of
Tyson like he's such a cool dog probably
don't make me cry don't talk about that
tomorrow oh that's cute okay I know you
do I'm very happy you know what's ironic
our fan who give us um the stitching
what is it the needlework the tapestry
of Tyson yeah no discredit to her like
you just said about fun
no discredit to her so that's the piece
over there and when we first saw were
like wow so much talent so beauty but
that really doesn't look like Tyson not
even it a little bit Tyson's on the left
way darker he's all blackface yeah and
brown cheeks but the other guy
ironically enough resembles meatloaf a
lot actually me love me love okay you
guys be the judge so that's the picture
here's meatloaf ah dark spot what the
hell I said meatloaf so what is that the
universe sending us signs yeah I think
was a prophecy there the fan either knew
or we're gonna get meatloaf or the fan
just really suck at drawing text but
either way it worked out for the best
because now we got two portraits and
they're both
so happened to be the best thugs you've
ever had yeah you know what's crazy
and I'm really happy that like me twelve
came out such a good time because since
he is older I think he's at least one so
funny he has a peat or food in the house
so he's already potty-trained and so we
I pretty much get to spend the rest of
his life with him and then we skipped
the TV the pooping the pain and all that
stuff and then Tyson lived with me for
15 years and saw 15 years of my life and
now I get to probably experience a good
at least nine or ten years with meatloaf
and so he's gonna be with me for the
next phase of your life that's phase in
my life thank you back I feel like you
only eat two bites of food and you come
right back
what the heck you're like Tyson you saw
me in high school it's on the graduate
high school graduate college get married
here dummy yes guys gonna see me have
kids he's gonna see us he's gonna be
that boy buyer for his house this guy
right there yeah he's gonna say yes buy
our first house they're so cute that guy
right there he doesn't even know the
freakin luxuries he's about to
experience he's gonna see our kids take
their first step he's gonna see our kids
say momma and Poppa for the first time
he's gonna see all that he's gonna be so
integrated into the family do you know
that meatloaf
it goes pretty that's some CUNY I can't
wait to spend the rest of his life with
him pull this up just fake you your
armpit hairs are tickling my ear
fine all right guys I think we're gonna
go to bed now good night good night
guardian aka Tyson hey pretty boy yeah
he's a hundred pounds in his hundred
pounds hey baby I was here last time she
loves dogs yeah
