hey what's up guys today is my first day
back of training after being sick for
entire week and you know after you're
sick you're just bedridden and you don't
really move for the whole week right any
little thing can make you go out of
breath if you go up the stairs too fast
you take your shower too aggressively or
something or you play with your nephew
and you're like okay I haven't moved an
entire week well that's how I feel but
to make the situation even worse I tried
something new today in the workout and I
am fucking exhausted
it's called giant sets so giant sets
it's taking a bunch of it's really like
a superset where you take two exercises
that are back-to-back and he put
together so you can increase the amount
of work that you do also in short amount
of time giant sense is just like that
except you're putting excuse me you put
4 to 5 exercises back to back and
they're all the same muscle groups at
least this is the way that the
old-school bodybuilders used to Train
where they want to increase the
hypertrophy which means the muscle
building and the muscle fatiguing while
reducing the time training and then
because you're doing so much work in
such a little amount of time you sweat
profusely and you keep your heart rate
up so imagine doing cardio non-stop but
with weights and that's what I'm trying
to do and the reason why I'm doing this
is um I'm trying to get lean within the
next 4 or 5 months because I want to
shred all this fat off at home and my
bulk right now by the way I know a lot
of you guys I see in the comments and
both my IG and all both on the vlogs you
guys like that
themself go I didn't let myself go
because I'm not Chandler from friends
where I don't know anything about
Fitness this is a controlled bulk
meaning on purpose I put on this way so
it is much easier to put on size and
strength different a caloric surplus
meaning you're eating a lot and you're
putting in way more calories and your
body needs and because of that I have
some strength goals that I know it's
gonna be very hard for me to achieve
because of my busy schedule if I don't
just devote myself to it and just kind
of give my body all the nutrients it
needs to achieve that this year I'm just
gonna get busier and busier working on a
TV show working on a movie and all that
stuff and Bartel brigades growing I'm
just not that devote more and more time
to business but I still want to achieve
my own personal strength goals you know
and because that I went on a controlled
Bowl because I did put on quite a bit of
weight but it's controlled so that's the
key word and now that I have achieved
the size and strength that I am
relatively satisfied with satisfied did
I just say satisfied I don't even know
what up sound fucking exhausting workout
that I'm satisfied with now it's time
for me to be like a butterfly and shared
my cocoon and see what's underneath all
this fat because I'm pretty sure I put
on a lot of muscle and it's evident and
on my lips like I I came really close to
benching 405 pounds which has been a
lifetime goldmine for a long long time
and I deadlift at 585 and I probably
could have pulled a 600 that day
probably if I felt really good but now
it's time for me and again lean and to
show what I've put on underneath and
because of that I I don't have that much
time to Train so I did want to kind of
make the most out of my workout and
that's when I was researching giant sets
and so today was my first time doing
giant sets and - it is exhausting we did
high bar squats for 10 reps and front
squats for 10 reps and then straight
legged mornings for 10 reps and then 10
bodyweight lunges and you do all of it
back to back to back to back rest like
three minutes and do it again again
again we did it for four rounds and I
was fucking murdered on top of that I'm
still coming back I mean it's my first
date back from being sick so I'm already
exhausted from that shit man this is
crazy I don't even know how I'm driving
right now my Porsche it's manual so I
have to have a clutch and I'm surprised
my quad isn't just like locking up right
now but I do feel really good because
with all the other type of strength
training that you do you don't really do
super high volumes of high reps so you
don't really break a sweat the way that
you do if you were to go jogging running
CrossFit or any other type of more
aerobic activity and because of the
back-to-back weights we kind of turned
all those weight movements barbell
movements into a row back activity and I
was sweating profusely which I'm very
happy about and it just kind of felt
good to finally break a sweat get some
really good training and not to mention
omaree soft was a Fitness youtuber who
came down from Toronto Canada he came to
visit so we got a great training session
and we've been trying to schedule
something like the past week but I've
just been sick so I'm really really
happy about that data the whole morning
this was a very positive morning I
haven't got my on McDonald on sweet nice
came back on the diet and I'm ready to
get shred and get lean and get
disciplined watch me guys over the next
four months I guarantee you I will look
way better and I will be much much
stronger and I'll be back to the old bar
Quan cuz I did see all those comments
where everyone's like damn bar was so
lean
the old bar hashtag body goals and then
they look at me now and they think I'm
like this
fat fat frickin pizza slime or something
like that but it's controlled its I did
it on purpose
and I have balked and cut and both and
cut many times throughout my training
career so I know exactly what I'm doing
I know how my body responds now I just
got home I also down my chicken sandwich
I'm gonna take a quick shower and get
ready and we're working out a new office
today
watching this documentary on Netflix
okay and I think it's about the 70s okay
and then in a documentary they're
talking about how a lot of the standards
for TV that we have in this day those
rules were set in the 70s the only way
so one of them it's they call it the
jiggly's so in the 70s that's what I
really started introducing like sex
appeal and stuff and there's a formulaic
way it's not just like oh hot girl then
they know okay I'm kind of like a
feature film movie structure there's a
CO and act 2 act 3 for TV shows they
know that they have ok hot girl like
wide shot here and then we problem in
the Midway like got three minutes we got
to get a butt shot and later on we got
to get like a jiggly shot and these
things have nothing to even do with the
show the show could be like Wheel of
Fortune or the show could be like uh
like this is how you cook the jet
today's cooking shows whatever right and
it's so jiggly's it's a it's a term for
when a girl has to shake her tits around
or when she is running like you know
like in scary movies and stuff like that
and then so in the movie I just watch
the movie Sicario and in a movie like
Sicario where it's like it's not a
blockbuster so they're not even trying
to appeal to the masses it's for for a
film like connoisseur type people and
it's in a shot very well and has
high-level actors Benicio del Toro Emily
Blunt and even in a movie like that
I saw jigglies so there was Emily Blunt
she was a walk into her car and yeah
like the scene does call for a rapid
walk but the way she was walking I think
she was like driving her heels into the
ground to make her fuckin tits
like that like like like she was
purposely doing that I'm like that's the
jiggly shot I'm like even in a movie
like this that is probably trying to be
Oscar contender it wasn't just jiggly
shot and there's another shot there's
another scene where it was um it was a
Emily Blunt and her partner and she
comes out of the bathroom with just a
brawn and it's probably one of the most
sheerest lightest sports bras I've ever
seen what it might as well be
see-through and she comes out and then
uh her partner was like who who's like
super friendzone in the thing like not
on purpose but if you just tell they've
been parted for a long time so there's
no sexual tension or anything like that
make sure that's - he was shirtless she
was like no he was like all you need a
you need a new bra like you should get
something lacy or something she's like
that's why you haven't been in like any
dick around here or something like that
but then the emphasis was in that scene
was definitely on her jiggly's - what is
this documentary cause I want to go
watch it - on Netflix I think there's
there's this one called like I think the
70s uh-huh and it's a entire series
there's a whole series series yeah and I
think yeah and then there's the first I
didn't the first or second when Gio was
just watching it and then that's when
like math sex appeal where girls in
bikinis and the girls like shaking their
booty that's when they really added in
and they realize the ratings skyrocketed
so now I think that's probably also one
of the reasons why like in every single
film regardless of what caliber it is
there's always gonna be a sex scene of
some sort it's just it just has to play
your senses there's always a shot that
like like you said before like the girls
into routine you're just kind of walking
around like all sexy and that makes
absolutely no sense
yeah you put it in there because it
sells yeah I think it's the like the
four quadrant right like you got a
appeal to the kids appeal to the
parents appeal to middle-aged people
mrs. fourth quadrant there's like teens
yeah yeah so you got a I think you gotta
peel the four quadrants for many
teenagers yeah horny old men too cuz
when I saw I definitely recognized it
I'll like damn just pretty sexy actually
alright I could have been the crew
members just trying to get their own
pleasure out of it cuz it I guess as the
filmmaker must office I mean like you
can't you can't you can't you can't lie
about this it's like when you're
shooting a happening or there's a
certain pleasure about that applied uh
this is actually kind of fun today
instead of shooting part and Joe is like
oh we get to shoot some models today
that's pretty fun like this like
actually there's a certain example
there's a certain quality of just acting
like half-naked people on set or like or
like a female presence on set that it
makes it that's okay that's okay yeah
okay
but the thing is it made the cut so they
didn't just shoot it it was planned it
was planned it was a plan shot here oh
yeah what is that
why did they have to shoot it like that
exactly see that chick figures out you
see nightbeat's are so smart exactly
it's like this is not appeal at the one
on the left appeals to the senses way
more than the right exactly this is
paper TV this is the Oscar winner
the old white guys in the Academy yeah
Guardian aka Tyson hey pretty boy yeah
he's a hundred pounds very gentle in his
hundred pounds hey baby I was here last
time she loves dogs this is what you
yeah
