alright guys so today's a new day and
last night I ended the vlog on a very
happy note um we called a shelter and we
were instructed that to come back at
12:00 which is right now it's actually
12:00
sorry it's 11:50 because I couldn't wait
any longer um and my hands are really
shaky and I'm so excited to see my dogs
but the only thing that concerns me now
is one um she didn't have a trip when I
rescued her and I took her to my vet and
she got tested and scanned and
everything and they said she didn't have
a chip now when we called the shelter
that hazard right now they said that she
does have a trip and she belongs to
someone else um the only thing I'm
afraid of is that they won't release her
to me because the people that owned her
before I took over were actually um kind
of negligent and borderline abusive with
her and that's any reason why I took her
in so if you guys don't know I actually
rescued and slash adopted
bridgie because when we first opened up
the barbel location back in Monterey
Park there were some new neighbors that
moved in next to us now they had this
little puppy that resembled a German
Shepherd this probably was no more than
a year old um while they were moving
moving in they were they would leave
this puppy tied to a fire hydrant for
hours okay like in the direct Sun
nowhere was a shade no where was their
food and no where was their water so
concerned I would look after this plop
and I'm like what the fuck is going on
with these people but because they were
Chinese I'm like straight from China not
like um Chinese American they didn't
speak any English I'm like uh okay well
it's not really my business that's their
dog I gave her water occasionally that
day and then the following day same
thing and I'm like what the fuck is
going on
um so then I stepped in I told these
people hey um is it cool like you guys
are still moving in it seems like a
puppy's a big responsibility
I'm already settled into my business I'm
literally right next door to you how
about I watch her for you for the next
couple days while you're moving in and
then you guys can go about your business
and know that she's in good hands
because she'll be with me
and again I'm literally next door to you
guys they're like with very broken
English they were like yes yes can you
take care of her three weeks and I'm
like fuck let me be realistic with you
guys if you give her to me for three
weeks I cannot guarantee that I can give
her back cuz I'm gonna be so attached to
her and three weeks is a really long
time I didn't understand that timeframe
so I said hey how about I watch her for
a week you guys take her back at that
point they're like fine let's do that
one week past cool didn't check in on
her seven days didn't come over to the
gym which was literally next door to
them they didn't come over once to say
hey how's my pup doing is she good you
guys need anything nothing so I'm like
okay they must be really busy not
everyone considers dogs or animals for
that matter they don't they don't think
about them the same way that I do
because once I have an animal they
become my family okay it's like if you
talk shit to my mom it just is the same
thing as you talk sorry if you talk shit
about my dog or mystery my dog it's the
same thing as you mistreating my mom so
not to say that my mom's a dog but I'm
just saying that's how important they
are in my book um but I was like I can't
put those ideals on anyone else that's
not fair so they didn't check in on her
for a week two weeks passed nothing
three weeks passed nothing one month
passed nothing two months passed nothing
finally after three months of me raising
this puppy her eating life floor her
teething and eating my dry wood her
destroying a complete a drywall not
drive what her completely destroying a
fucking couch that I own like I went
through all the puppy potty training
she got Dee warm because she had worms
when most puppies have homes so don't be
alarmed but they didn't like vaccinate
her properly I'm like what the fuck is
going on
so three me three months after me going
through raising this puppy they come
back with another dog puppy by the way
and they say hey you know what we want
our dog back and I said oh that's funny
because I don't know that you have a dog
because I have a dog and I named her
brig E and um I don't want to play this
game so like no we want her back we got
a new dog what you got a new fucking dog
anyway we got a new dog and this dog's
lonely so we want our dog
and I'm like no you can't have her
that's it three months past who didn't
check up on her you didn't care about
her she's my dog um and actually they
didn't really care they were like all
right and they just walked out but I was
prepared to be like fine you can have
her back just pay me back for all the
damages because I knew they weren't
gonna care about her enough um and I was
kind of hoping that I didn't have to get
to that because I was gonna be like bog
they're gonna call me on my bluff and I
really don't want to give her up but I
know when it comes to money people don't
give a shit about about her I shouldn't
say people but I knew that these
particular people did not care enough
about her to spend money on her so I
kind of was ready prepared to do that
but they didn't even care enough to go
that far
okay so with that story being said now
that I'm gonna go pick her up I'm kind
of afraid that they're gonna think that
I don't really own her and that really
breaks my heart but ah but I have a lot
of medical records I have a lot of
videos I have a lot of pictures and
hopefully I can convince them that she's
my dog and she can come home with me so
here we go here we go but I gotta I
gotta get it together
huh yeah
can't be crying a public okay I'm doing
this thinks I could keep the tears in my
eyes no I'm saying you gotta move remove
your eyeballs around so I can suck back
the tears that you were about to release
no okay they're gone do I look like I've
been crying
how's that suck them all in no tears
came up alright here we go alright so
there's been some complications and I
cannot take her home right now because
the people I just told you about
actually own her and because she's their
property um they have to say they don't
want her anymore so I have to wait until
they get a phone call and they say I
don't want her anymore and then they
could release her to me other than that
I can't have her so I'm gonna go look
for her right now
so let's see if we see fucking dumbass
worthy these are pretty yet is she no
Britt
do you even know who I am what color is
that Ricky now what are you gonna do
what are you gonna do now I can't bring
you home I know I can't bring you home
can you believe that fucking color is a
kill
she came up the collar on drugs well
that's you I know I know
now what do we do do you remember me she
shot me I know baby I know
look at that just wait okay I know I
know I know I know
just wait a lot of complication which I
will tell you too big because right now
I can't talk for shit because I got to
get my doll let's see
where's yeah where is she where she hi
do you even know who I am
hi ready to go home are you ready here I
know I know come here come here stupid
you're so dumb running away hey no
you're coming home you're coming I know
I know
you missed me come here come here
I know baby I know
come here baby
you freaking bozo
come on baby
you could cutie-pie
I'm at the office now everybody's so
excited to see her I'm really excited to
see everyone's reaction right now let's
go freaky Meister oh you're meeting for
the first time yeah ever made me rich oh
my god oh my goodness look at the ugly
clothes for a whole entire week and she
came back how do you wanna fuck you hate
you I think such a long story even to
the very end it was a really long story
but I was there at 12 and I just left
right now dude she looks hungry I know
she's so skinny your actual yeah and
color is way lighter
hey what she was in path I know she's
what the fuck man from now on never
leave a call it off and never not chip
never not chips on sherry Oh
right this is pretty well well how is it
is it bad well I don't know he's used to
small dogs her fur is getting all over
his head oh my god dog potty that body
I'm so happy to see you free for sure oh
my god come here
stupid pretty you know you're fucking
lost for life
Oh duper idiot are you kidding that
dream you came into my dream oh I forgot
to give you a picture of the place oh
yeah all right fucking really man I
can't believe it he gets the meeting on
creative station oh okay
I wasn't about to meet unexpected Iran
her guardian aka Tyson hey pretty boy
guy he's a hundred pounds they're very
gentle in his hundred pounds hey baby I
was here last time you go where she
loves dogs
who's what you yeah
