I actually feel way better today so
welcome back
8:30 whereas all the other days I've
been waking up at 11:00 and I've been
taking a lot of naps drinking a lot of
water so I feel about 95 percent or so
it feels really good right now I'm not
the vet bringing meatloaf in to get
checked up because we just adopted him
yesterday so we want to get a check-up
just to see and make sure everything is
good everything is ok with them but
earlier since I don't really know him
that well we needed to take his
temperature and they put a thermometer
in his butt and the vet tech told me to
hold on to him and hold the face away
from him so he doesn't bite him and then
he was like make sure he doesn't bite on
my quoi don't know who he's gonna bite
or not because I've only had him for a
day and really know him so one really
cute thing I found out about him is I'm
all that fucking I miss dad I got a hold
on to him if he bites he bites so I hold
on to a while petting him and you know
trying to console him and while the vet
tech was taking this thermometer I mean
not as the mounting his temperature by
putting the thermometer up his butt um
meatloaf didn't really like it but
instead of like growling and showing his
teeth like right I want to fucking bite
your ass like what Tyson would have done
he actually showed his teeth and I got
scared but then he would just Wow
like I don't want to don't do that don't
do that doesn't feel good
so I think he's a big softy he has a big
heart he looks huge and he looks very
intimidating but he's just a big softy
and it was cool that through that
circumstance of getting anally probed I
was able to find out new things about
him so because of that they had to take
him to the back and get a couple of vet
techs to come out and help take the
temperature because they weren't able to
use just squirming around way too much
and I don't think he really liked it so
right now we got fun here just hanging
out by herself this is where fun
actually came
checked up where she had a little rash
on the back so we have to put the cone
on so that she doesn't keep biting in so
that we can let it dry and heal
completely so I'm just kind of waiting
here and waiting for meatloaf to be
brought in I'm hoping that he's
completely healthy and we can go home
fast because I also have some pretty
important things to do today and one is
a really big step and I'll tell you guys
later but we got a really big step going
on barbell break Brigade today so I'm
really excited about that but I have to
take my kids and get checked up first so
we'll see how that turns out oh fuck so
I am all fucked up right now I have a
bloody nose that I don't have tissue for
so I'm trying to tell my head back Wow
sniffling here and there so I don't
bleed all over my shirt but a meatloaf
had a great physical which is awesome
the doctor checked his abdomen checked
his heart his breathing his respiratory
system and his eardrums ear canal
everything checked out really good so
he's up pretty much very healthy and
that's just all the preliminary stuff
that you would get a physical for even
if you're a human being however I did
bring up the limp that he's been having
and I asked them or asked her the doctor
about it and she was saying that uh
after she further examined the limb
problem
he does have a swollen front forearm and
his paws like placed kind of like toad
out a little bit so she's thinking that
either suffer trauma before or he has an
elbow dysplasia
and I'm thinking since the story that we
heard which was about meatloaf and his
brother killed a dog either one during
the killing of the dog they got into a
big-ass fight so he also got hurt or two
after the dog was killed the owner came
out and got fucking pissed and beat the
fuck out of meatloaf which also explains
the reason why he's scared all the time
every time I raise something above his
head so whatever the case it is I'm
hoping that it's not an innate problem
well I mean I should be better if it
wasn't any problem but I'm hoping it is
it's just temporary and it's because he
suffered some trauma due to the horrific
incident that just happened so what I'm
going to do is I'm just going to take
him home and watch him for like a week
before making my next decision because a
doctor saying that to get a full
examination they would have to sedate
them he's so fucking huge
so datum and then um then they can do
x-rays and do a full-on orthopedic exam
but right now I'm not thinking that's
necessary because I'm just thinking it's
just because he got into a big fight you
know any time anybody even boxers if
they get into a big-ass fight there's
bound to be some trauma don't quietly my
nose stopped bleeding there's nothing to
be some trauma and I'm just hoping that
it's just something he can walk it off
you know quote unquote and the reason
why I feel like he can is cuz he he's
been playing he's able to jump over like
little fences he's able to run and stuff
here and there so he doesn't seem like
he's dealing with a medical problem
our medical issue just seems like you
probably have some trauma here and there
so I'll pay I'll pay a close attention
tone just to make sure everything is
cool but now I'm driving through the new
JK office and one of these I wanted to
tell you guys earlier that I was saying
is pretty fucking important today is
we're conducting interviews for a new
hiring process for barbell Brigade
apparel so we're really trying to go
legit and we're hiring a fashion
designer now because all the ideas that
we have because of the limited fashion
background Amedeo and Aaron have it can
only go so much like we have visions but
we don't have the know-how to make it
come true so for example like you can
have a vision of a jacket but then you
also need something that knows how to
draw like CAD files CAD files are like
okay after you have the creative drawing
then they know how to send that to the
factory they know exactly okay it's a
eighth inch hem here this is a brand of
zippers I want this is how much the
taper of the sleeves are so it fits the
shoulder and it goes all the way down to
the wrist like those are the exact
measurements that a fashion designer
would know how to do and so we're really
trying to take barbell Bourget apparel
to the next level so we're hiring a
legit fashion designers were conducting
interviews and a lot of the people that
have applied they've actually worked for
like Nike Billabong early so some pretty
big-name companies so we're really
excited to see well I'm excited actually
because I'm actually out of the loop
because I'm not in charge of barbell
Brigade apparel the design process I've
been taking care of like all the gym
stuff but I didn't want to be included
in this interview just so I can see like
who's coming into my company so I'm
pretty excited to see who they chose and
I believe there's one interview today
one or two hundred today and then one or
two interviews in a week so I'm really
really excited because I feel like this
is really the the next step I feel like
without hiring legit people and you're
just doing t-shirts or you're just doing
white label products or you do do like a
few basic cutting so designs
always going to stay a mom-and-pop shop
you know but like later on if you want
to be able to make a laptop sleeve that
matches with a duffel bag that also
match with like a custom barbell Brigade
pillow or barbell Brigade tents like
wherever we want to venture off - we
need legit people and so I think as a
business owner it's very important to
understand where your weaknesses are and
to hire strengths and those weaknesses
all the interviews today we interviewed
two people and both females and both are
very very highly skilled and have been
doing fashion illustration and / design
for like at least a decade each one and
you're both really cool you're both come
on god damn they're going on you're both
very personable they were both very real
I did I never really felt like they were
giving me I mean there were parts here
and there with like but I never the
overall feeling was member that they
were trying to give me the answers that
I wanted to hear they they would decline
certain things or they would say hey I
don't really like to do this but if you
need me to then I will do it
so I would like both of them they both
had a very cool vibe one was a little
bit older than the other she had a
family chance that three kids oldest one
being like 26 but she still had a very
young hit vibe not in terms of like you
know appearance but in terms of just the
industry so she seemed very promising
she seemed very stable and then the
other one was much younger she was super
rehab super trendy like she's wearing
like a red jumpsuit really cute girl on
enable like they both bring different
elements
like different vibes and it's kind of a
tough choice because they're both really
great and I feel like at this point it's
just going to come down to money
and this is just money that we're always
like lock it always it always comes down
to money because because yeah like we
just have to be very strategic in how we
move we move this money around so that
it can it cannot help us expand and grow
the way we want to grow so you're both
cool we have one more interview so I
can't really say much until I see the
last person and then I'll really think
about it and you can see who I only want
to go so you feel like there's a future
and barbel for both of them if money
wasn't the issue um yeah I feel like I
would honestly if I had money was not an
issue I would I are both that's true
that's probably what I would did too
yeah I would I are both and I would say
this is your team um start Monday they
both they both specialize in different
areas yeah they both kill it actually in
different areas and and both areas are
very synergistic so that's very true
like Jill said the interviews went very
well if we had the money we would just
hire both because they both specialize
in different things and they both kill
it
but because we don't we really have to
make a intelligent business decision to
see which one best fits our company and
which one are we going to get the most
out of our pay or salary in and and
really figure out which one of their
specialties is the most important to us
at this very moment so we got some
serious thinking but on the JK news side
we got some more improvements that I'm
looking at and I can't wait to show you
this cuz it is like oh my god I can't
believe this is fucking happening
and I'm looking at it right now and I
don't know if you guys can see well of
course you guys can't see because you're
not looking over here but oh my get up
okay I'm not going to use you guys
anymore but it's it's there it's it's
happening it's crazy it's is
mind-blowing but the first thing I want
to show you guys is this done tada look
at this we got our vanity mirror and
this is custom-made look at the welds on
this motherfucker
damn they welded it and sanded it custom
made vanity mirror and they put a light
bulbs in each one of those holes and
this is where we're gonna sit down and
if we're gonna do makeup or whatever if
the girls got to get pretty they can
easily get pretty here like
professionals and even has wheels homie
with the motherfucking wheels so what I
really wanted to show you though is this
this part is the part that I'm like oh
my god like when I first stepped in here
I walked in a little eerie stop and I'm
like what in the world is this really
happening so from the last vlog you saw
them bringing in the parts to build the
JK new set right and so we saw parts
emphasis on parts it
is leaning up against the wall cuz a
motherfucker parts but look at this damn
what and the motherfucking world is that
is that cubbyholes
nope is that Tic Tac Toe boxes nope
that shit is the outside wall to the JK
news set can you believe this look I'm
gonna bring you guys around so it's not
done yet
so don't go judging me don't go fucking
judging me because there ain't done yet
but you guys ready this is gonna be
crazy doesn't be crazy cuz uh
it's one step closer to fruition BAM
look at that a motherfucking set can you
believe this just kidding news we got
our custom-made newscaster desk in the
same setup as our current so we don't
have to change the show format but we
had it opened up so now we can set our
cameras on the floor here we're gonna
put markers on the floor so the cameras
can shoot diagonally now up here we're
going to hang lights so if it looks kind
of dim right now don't trip we're gonna
have legit lights up there shining on
the cast on the walls everything so it's
gonna look nicely lit I just say nice
knee nicely lit and then behind these
fake-ass windows for the set we're gonna
have a cityscape like every other
talk-show does and then there's gonna be
lights in the back too can you believe
this we are in the new JK news set we
are in this motherfucker dude a real a
real Hollywood set but for JK a real JK
Hollywood set can you believe this is
crazy
you know when when they tell you dude
dreams come true just work hard like
when I was a kid I would like man that's
my fucking bullshit you know he telling
me imma go in the NBA come on but no I'm
gonna tell you kids the same shit if you
work hard dreams do come true and you
guys seen it man I give you guys been
following us since 2007 sent to me and
Joyce to Uncle Sam uncle Chan Korean
History Channel and you saw that bootleg
ass camera that we used to film on
it was 5 megapixels you know and then we
went through a Danny door director James
Oda now we have case you've been riding
with him for a long time we've been
building our crew out and it's just
slowly like don't dream dream big but
don't worry about the steps just do
every next step that's important to you
and ultimately the castle will be built
you know I think so many people they
look at the castle and they go or they
do dream big and they look at the castle
you I want a castle but they look at it
like how the fuck am I gonna get a
million bricks and that motherfucker and
then I'm not doing and they give up on
it when I think that people that do make
their dreams come true they go yo I want
a castle let me find a brick and they
found one brick they put it there they
find another brick they put it there
and eventually they have a big fucking
castle and that's evident and this
motherfucker when we first started JK
films we had no idea we're gonna build a
Hollywood motherfucker said in his
mother I would be proud to play your Tom
Cruise Will Smith you want to come to JK
news cuz we got a legit motherfuckin set
I'd be proud for them to come down back
at the old mud park office up my fuck no
you guys ain't coming out just to
bootleg for you guys I want to waste
y'all this time but this is for reals
and now with that knowledge we learn
we're a plan that to barber get as well
so we need you know we need a fashion
designer we it's it's about that time we
just we ran out of know-how in the
fashion world we need to bring experts
in now and then what do we do save up
money and now we're going to hire
motherfuckers so remember castles are
built a brick at a time but don't worry
about how many bricks just do it just
fucking do it
Nike let me show you guys what goes on
behind these sets - it's crazy so we got
this freaking big-ass wood frame we got
the truss system to attach lights and
sound and in the back it looks like this
see that's the window we're gonna put
lights back there so it's well lit this
is what a legit Hollywood set looks like
guys this is the back of what Jimmy
Fallon Jimmy Kimmel all those Jimmy's
any talk show that you would watch the
back of their sets would look like that
because we got legit
Hollywood people to build this shit we
didn't order no motherfucking cheap-ass
Chinese contractor everything that we've
done with the new JK office admin side
and set side we really went legit and we
didn't go half-ass we didn't go do it
yourself and what legit because we knew
that now for us to grow we have to get
people that are better and smarter than
us to help make our vision come alive
damn this evidence is motherfucking
evidence motherfucker motherfucker I
better take a shower this blanket smells
funny why are you all up in the blanket
if you're gonna take a shower cuz I like
to season my blankets you don't want
think I never realized about you is you
always take double breaks how can always
take double breaks I like to chill but
why doesn't make sense so for example
like if I'm tired and I get home
I immediately try to shower so I can get
in bed and I can be in bed by like 11:30
or something I'm like cuz I'm tired for
you you go and you lay in bed you don't
even get ready and then it's 11:30
you're just chilling and then finally
you get out of bed at like 12:00 and
then now you go brush your teeth and
then you get ready for bed and finally
go to sleep at like 1:00 that's so cute
me but it defeats the purpose because if
you're tired you need a sleep and I just
prolonged everything by an hour
why do you chill when why do you take
double breaks when you can just hurry up
and do what you got to do and then that
way you could just knock out for way
longer and you earn yourself two more
hours of sleep doesn't look like that I
want to be in the moment with you
so I sacrifice all that stuff's I could
be with you and by the time it's ten you
go to sleep in the night just continue
with midday know my moment is getting
ready as soon as I get home I don't just
jump on the bed and just chill out I
don't know why or jump on the couch
because
fired you're missing out I want to get
in the bed and then actually rest and
recover so that's a sure to ask me yeah
well I don't know oh I just came to your
mind and you just wanted to ask me this
yeah why I'm just kidding but how do you
think um how do you think neat enough
meatloaf is doing so far mmm things
accustomed toward me a family yet mm-hmm
I think that it take like at least at
least a month until he's like
comfortable but I think it could be
accelerated if we spent all day with him
the way we did today he sat through two
interviews that's pretty crazy
I better nervous out there a job
interview before everybody has it on the
hiring and - Oh what else has any good
oh no I feel like he hasn't done
anything
he walked so well on a leash though yeah
he does great icky he understands
commands really well yeah he doesn't
pull on the leash and as soon as you
pull back he said oh my bad he's
freaking a huge dog that's one thing I
can't get over my dad was guys funny a
huge the longest time I felt really bad
for you because I know you like big dogs
and fawn and pretty unfortunately are
big phones pretty big mm-hmm I always
thought father's pretty big didn't she
didn't fit you really yeah well she fits
me how so
we're sleek slender oh I really like hot
like - I love that like you when she
jumped she can help could help like the
spring in her step so she's always like
bouncy she's like a little grasshopper
yeah she's not mad harms like she can't
help the the the spring coil what is it
called Springs in her legs yeah take
Boden Boden Boden Boden she's cute she's
very cute
well I'm pretty tired Emma go bench are
you tired
yeah I wish you would come in here oh
well I'm gonna get ready for bed and I'm
gonna brush my teeth and take my
contacts out and then so by the time I
get in there I'm in there for good I'm
not gonna go in there halfway and not
fit get back out it's way too
comfortable so I don't even know why why
would you put yourself do this torture
of being so freakin comfortable in here
with to the poor you can go to sleep and
dad you get back out what's the point of
that good night also now you're not even
a brush your teeth by contacts in your
eyes I know you even take a shower at
all nasty cuz you worked out this
morning hi mom so grow I do you put
yourself through this torment cuz you
asked me cuz you said hey I want to ask
you a question and then the fans on it
had dog hair all my clothes so I said oh
let me take off this dog for her clothes
took it off on my couch chilly cuz the
fan is on well gotta get underneath the
covers you didn't even have to take your
clothes off I did it was you were
standing like right there you coulda
stayed standing in the closure hat on
that's not funny I didn't say come here
I didn't say anything I'm just like oh
you know a lot on this camera not gonna
ask you if I'm meal off to see how he is
doing I just I wanted to give you clean
audio yeah right
you think meatloaf would come in here no
no huh funny way funny funny fun come
here fun come here funny good girl nice
fun
all right time to go sleep okay fun Oh
meal Oh
ah hey look he left Guardian aka Tyson
hey pretty boy yeah he's a hundred
pounds
that's very gentle in his hundred pound
horse head baby I was here last time she
loves dogs is what you will she was
wrong yeah
