mindful of their are you feeling oh I
don't have body aches anymore but it's
super congested right here in the first
like crazy shit sorry baby look use an X
and my nose is clear but hurts a lot but
your feet say a different story I mean
this is your happy boys happy fine so I
got you some food you have your little
CUNY guard dog next to you I hope she
doesn't leave when I walk away now I
have to go film some Jay King news Papa
text me if anything ok I love you see
you later alright so now I am off to the
old office so we can film some JK news
as you guys saw papi are still not doing
very well he's uh doing a lot better
than Friday but he just felt like he
wanted to conserve some energy and not
exert overexert himself um shooting all
day today which i think is a great call
so I'm just letting them heal up and I
just wanted to be periodically checking
in on him see how he's doing
v√°manos pop there
where are we going
I'm going to the Pasadena Animal Shelter
why are we doing that because
there's this old ancient saying that you
find love and the weirdest places
got the same now or there's a saying you
find love and the unsuspecting time I
mean that's the gist of it but something
like that right something like that so
still a little bit sick so
I sound funny in my nose feels weird but
during the last couple of days and we
were making our rounds but all the
animal shelter is looking for bringing
we ended up at Pasadena which is one of
them and when I was there we're just
looking at every single kennel and um we
saw a guy and then Guardian aka a dog
aka a dog and not just any dog
a German Shepherd which all of you guys
don't have a soft spot for and he's not
just any German Shepherd when he was
laying there when I saw him he had that
Tyson eyes and what are the Tyson eyes
for people that don't know so Tyson eyes
he has like these special eyes were
there almost human-like like they talked
to you they let you know how he feels
and I don't know if it's because it's
just I'm able to communicate with Tyson
eyes which is why I'm more inclined and
drawn to them and other people are drawn
to some other like to poopies eyes or to
Rover his eyes or to finals I party well
I don't know but Tyson had a specific I
look and fawn has a little bit too but
not so much but Tyson was very
human-like and there's a lot of things
he can communicate to me like he has to
eat he's feeling tired he's depressed
he's on
overloaded with too much work he has
over time attachment about the cafe
almost in his time and this guy Guardian
he had the same look and he just looked
really sad and then we found out about I
just asked about I'm like oh what's up
with Guardian like when did he come in
why was he so sad and they they told us
his back story and his back story pretty
much is uh so he was just left outside
in the backyard very similar to Tyson so
he was a happy dog and it became hyper
aggressive because he's being left alone
with no human contact him and his
brother Pancho they killed the owner's
sister's dog when her left alone and so
because that the owner didn't know what
to do with these dogs anymore and they
gave it up for adoption and so he's
hyper aggressive and then I'll and then
so they said it as if it was a warning
but for me I'm like oh like he's a
project dog and you might not want him
yeah and then for me I was like oh shoot
this is the exact dog we just mentor
Tyson was locked up at my dad's house in
his backyard hyper-aggressive brought
over wanted to kill every single dog
he's he he seized and threw me and my
bears nurturing were able to make them
somewhat loving and now he just bites
humans here and there and he's able to
get along with like a lot of dogs and he
changed them maybe not 100% about 50%
and that's really good for like going
from his a 10 year old dog to a 15 year
old dog the last five years to build a
change in that much that's that's insane
and when we were getting fun the reason
why fun was a perfect pair of court ison
was kind of fun is the most alpha-beta
dog so they were saying that fun needs
an outfit of
all around boost her confidence boost
her confidence cuz she's scared of
everything but when confronted she never
backs down like every time we took her
to the dog park when other dogs shot a
punker she always pitches their ass and
like flips and throws all these crazy
judo moves it ronda rousey's them and
she comes out on top
so she was a perfect dog for Tyson so I
was thinking holy shit our home is the
perfect home for Guardian like we have
the perfect pair for him til he has a
companion that won't fight with him
because she's not alpha I should
actually follow him around and boost her
confidence and I've dealt with the hyper
aggressive dog before and he has the
Tison eyes so through just kind of like
all of that and like I think we call it
like the serendipity of things I like
this this is really cool and I guess
were bringing fun to go on a blind date
to see if she gets along with him and
maybe we can add him to our home there's
a lot of people they feel like a hyper
aggressive dog and they immediately have
like this stigma all people are away
from me and the sad part is these have
progressive talk you may stay in the
shelter too long a lot of times I get
euthanized and they don't find a home is
everyone so scared and they don't have
experience and I mean German Shepherds
already have a bad rep of being like
hyper aggressive breed like second to
arm pit bulls like a lot of people fear
German Shepherds yeah so but what would
you say to people then that are like but
wait you're did you forget about rigging
no we're sick when we're still calling
shelters every day I think it's just for
me
my fall set I guess or just like you
know they say like like when you get
your arm cut off you have phantom limb
syndrome we're like your arms not there
and it just that you can kind of feel
like your arm is there I guess I feel
like I have like phantom uh that gives
us my phone's going crazy I have a
phantom Tyson syndrome so I guess in our
family I was used to having two or three
dogs but now the heck is going on at
this point right in the world
so in our family I was used to having
like two or three dogs but now we only
have one and then so they're two in my
heart there's like two voids you know
like I need to find breaky but also
Tyson is kind of gone too and it'd be
awesome to find another like husky big
sausage looking thing to crawl around
the house
yeah I mean for me I was just kind of
uneasy because I mean like everyday I've
been searching for bricky and like she's
like my girl she's my baby she's like my
fur daughter you know multiple times a
day sometimes you just go out in the
middle of the night just drive around
yeah like I've gone all hours of the day
to just look for her and like everything
you can think of possibly doing I've
done we've done not every day when I
come back home from work I take a
different path
yeah me too in case I can stumble upon
like a street I haven't been on yeah me
too in hopes that someone's just walking
her or something or she's just like
roaming the streets that I just come out
of clothes line the fuck out of that guy
yeah me too
um and and I wish was kind of a little
bit just a bit uneasy when like Bart was
just he just had this instant connection
with this dog and and I'm like what but
what the hell did you forget about
Brigid like is she gone in your head
already that you feel like you need to
replace another dog like not that I was
offended I was just kind of like I just
couldn't wrap my my emotions and brain
around it so I'm like what the fuck like
all I can think of right now is bricky
you know but then you know looking at
this poor guy and he is a project dog
like he is gonna have like a lot of
emotional issues he's highly unstable I
feel like what other people are more fit
to rehabilitate this guy than us and I
feel like if if he's put in the hands of
the wrong people he can you know hurt
someone he'll get hurt or he's just
gonna end up back where he is right now
and
and since Bart's connection was so
strong with this guy I'm just like all
right you know what like let's just
let's just adopt again you know you know
what's pretty awesome to the team never
owned any dogs before but just the way
then the deme has cared for our dogs he
is like one of the most loving and
nurturing guys I know Nadeem is a puppy
too and so I know that if we brought
this guy home I think just through like
all three of us is showing them a warm
happy positive home this guy can really
change and for being like a first-time
dog owner the demas is actually really
really good
he's like you've taught them tricks
you've never even owned a dog any Carlos
economy he takes care of them he gives
them food and he plays with them I've
always always wanted a dog was never
allowed to we've always had too small
the house to uh to own a dog yeah anyone
your brother fucking huge budget balls
yeah you're gonna love his sights so
sweet all right well here we go
so we're in Pasadena right now with fart
and and font and we're going to be
Guardian and see how well he gets along
with us humans and how well he gets
along with font so fun is just not
having it and there's just no way that
we can adopt it because we definitely
don't want to stress pong out like that
so right now we're just doing it tester
to see how well they get along how much
fun she's having her skins doing better
actually so the patch on the button okay
that you can't see oh right
okay right there the skin in this area
was way more raw but now it's it's
healing up she looks fucking crazy we
look crazy as people you know that I
mean you guys look presentable right now
but I don't know it's just a funny
situation right now we are in the dogs
socialization area and this is where
we're going to test out to see if bond
how well she'll get along with Guardian
so we're just waiting on him to come out
right now and crazy there he is
Guardian aka Tyson hey pretty boy yeah
he's a hundred pounds they're very
gentle in his hundred pounds hey baby I
was here last time did you go where she
loves dogs who are you yeah you're right
you think Guardian he could care less
you little fatso I love your big butt
you're a little fat yeah a little bit
yeah we had a dog German Shepherd
justice sighs well that's pretty good so
the meeting is happening oh that's
really good
good oh that's really really good okay
he makes Fani look anorexic
alright LEM smell your butt fine
I think fawns over it yeah she had like
a hot spot is what they called it
so you just kept licking that area and
because of the fur wasn't properly
drying so they had to shave that part
off
well hon people don't like when you
he likes people he doesn't care about
him other dogs Ponza opposite she only
wants other dogs
fish you don't even care about fun and
fine doesn't even care about you fine
fine fine fine fine
I'm surprised you didn't come and start
marking everything
you don't care so we just finished the
initial introductions and fon mekk
Guardian and it went really smoothly
within the first minute they're already
chilled and they're able to cohabitate
the same area without any tension they
didn't fire a growl or anything like
that and I had a I was able to pet
Guardian and I was even I was even able
to smack him and a Nadeem pet him and he
was super chill so he's pull with us and
the next step the guy was like oh
actually Jill was I what's the next step
knee goes adoption okay cool so we felt
paperwork and it goes and then
afterwards you just take him home so
we're like oh shit that's great that's
fast so I guess now we're gonna take
Guardian home after a Gio fills out the
paperwork and he gets his last shots and
gets microchipped so that if we do lose
them we have a chip in them and that's
pretty much it that was super fast and
super super random others Gio right
there I could recognize those little
thief from anywhere I'm aa bear
were you expecting to take Guardian home
today not at all um I don't know I I
didn't really know what to expect but I
mean it's cool that we get to save
another life how do you feel about
taking Guardian home today oh it's
exciting it's exciting to like have our
pact bro for sure and I'm a mean fucking
sucker for big dogs love big dogs so I'm
pretty excited to take them on walks and
whatnot I'm just kind of having chill
and then like kind of seeing our friends
reaction they're like why did you do
that's how do you feel about taking
Guardian home today I'm really really
happy
really why uh I'm sorry obviously about
three but I know how much you guys even
before bring you by missing you ever
traveling forever gosh so taking another
one hand he's cute he's big and so
weirdly it's a boy - yeah you wanted a
boy we have to know we have to brodien
we will sorry oh we have to file
paperwork we have successfully adopted
guardian he's back here it took us a few
tries to get him back here um and I am
absolutely squished I don't even think
you can tell but this right here is his
butt and
you're free baby you're gonna have the
best life of your life
he is loving no it's crazy when we
picked him up he was more like I'll than
aggressive
yeah that's what it sounded like that's
good
there's more nervous he's so beautiful
though
he's not a Tyson but he's definitely
beautiful
we get fun
what you can't turn around you're too
fat
this new name yeah it looks like a
meatloaf
why
Melo's friggin aggressive meatloaf you
know this guy was 125 bucks one yeah fun
was four fucking hundred dollars but fun
is awesome oh you turn back around I'm
back at the JK office and I actually
want to surprise everyone
yo I have a surprise for you yeah so we
were we went to the vet all right Joe
are you ready for this look inside the
truck what the fuck me guardian so we
were looking for brig E and this guy
needed a home and he reminded part of
Tyson so much he's great he's great and
look at all good human fawn are already
he literally just met yes I have look
all the other people this is so cute all
right guys
can you come out real quick oh you saw
come outside come on pie
his name's Guardian well his name
weasels now meatloaf he's really gentle
last night I had a dream about Ricky yep
yeah so we were looking for Brig II she
was in the pound in my dream oh I hope I
can find her dude me
yeah she told you something yeah she's
at the wolf the pound was somehow by the
airport hmm what does that mean well we
were looking for brig II and then we saw
that this guy was rent was surrendered
by his own owner yeah so we're like got
it we got and they were like dole you
don't you know he's very aggressive he
killed another dog like you guys might
not want to take him I will be the judge
of that
well are you just washing he's adopted
no no he's he's ours
that's why I left so early yeah no don't
get it wrong though like I'm still
looking for my big e so brig is still
the priority but this guy there's no way
we cannot adopt this guy bak I've been
looking for that dog to like help him
cuz he's fuckin bunch of get like a vest
on right here she has like a vest but
two boys people another the head of the
dog I think they found it
yeah it's someone found her got a doctor
wait he's a hundred pounds he's a
hundred pounds this guy and the kennels
next to each other
it looks like Mufasa and scar someone
once straight-up looks like one so this
guy was a good guy we want to get the
brother either oh you already adopted
and he looked like too hyper way too
crazy so with a smaller dog fun
I think fawn is like hey guys we found
brickies oh
riggies back you guys like pretty yeah
he's great
two or three sweetie younger than
fondant yeah you're gonna be good advice
he's needs to get ground he's so I love
it they meet low I can't I guy I named
pond so he gets to name this one it's
somewhere
yeah he's adopted keepin a meatloaf why
the name is Guardian but bar wants to
change it to meatloaf okay his name's
meelo
I like me look I'll probably call him et
yeah all these dog saliva yeah he has no
idea how badass is how fucking life is
gonna be now he's only been a guardian
dog like his whole life
like no human interaction really he's
just been out in the backyard just to
protect the house like hell yeah he's a
fucking king crazy how warlike quickie
is yeah he needs a lot of affection Omar
and Jasmine are here
pause for books I pause for dogs I like
sensitive right yeah look he kind of
went back a little bit okay you're not
ready yeah yeah I don't know him yet so
I've just kind of been Michael nudge you
to like once you stop petting into you
go like again why did you know how to
sit he knows how to do Paul - yeah right
well he's really fast she can whoa it's
kind of neat though huh fun yeah they
had a great first so we took both of
them to me and then they would just like
smell each other like okay cool you're
there cool I'm here too all right later
and then they just did their own thing
did you introduce them in your backyard
no in their thing they have like a
socializing area so this was that it
sheltered come we just adopted either oh
no he was texting me hi oh you're gonna
have a luck his head is so fucking huge
lazy Pearman I don't know names meatloaf
yeah
he loves it jelly again donkey I don't
know
she's like don't forget about me
hi baby boy hi baby boy ah you like it
you cute boy why they hit you I don't
get it
they just misunderstood you that saw it
was so stupid what actually think I'm
gonna fight there is no house missing
community I don't know nothing baby
I think that I recently heard yeah I'm
also together part of skins gone yeah
does it feel good huh
I know had a really good workout with
Nicky if you guys don't know who Nicky
is she is a bikini competitor I don't
know why I said bikini bikini or is it
bikini bikini like banana nobody I
bikini a bikini okay
I don't even know there's a Hawaiian
where
