what's up guys today is my first day out
of bed still kind of winded I don't have
very much energy I don't even know how I
got sick this is crazy he just came out
of nowhere so two days ago um I worked
out how my regular workday went home
everything felt good
and then I went to bed and all of a
sudden I started getting these sniffles
and I started shivering I still started
getting the chills and then I had body
aches and I had a fever in the middle of
night and then I woke up yesterday and
I'm like what the hell is going on I
don't even know how did I even get sick
like where'd all this come from
but good thing Jill was a super
nurturing and she took care of me she
taught me theraflu emergency I drink
tons of water I was just sleeping and
resting all day over just if I wasn't
sleeping I was pounding water and going
to the restroom I took like eight shits
yesterday and I think that really helped
release everything because usually if I
have the flu I won't be able to get out
of bed for at least like two or three
days but today is immediately the day
after and I already feel way better I'm
not a hundred percent probably eighty
eighty-five but it's enough where I can
you know go to work and get some stuff
done I was supposed to train today but I
don't want to overexert myself so I'm
like
take the training out and yesterday only
had 1600 calories which isn't even that
much of food and I lost 4 pounds on one
day so this morning since I do have my
appetite back I was like you know what
I'm gonna try to pound as much food as I
can
so before I went to go eat breakfast I
took this big-ass protein shape with two
scoops and that's already 50 grams of
protein then I ordered a 10 ounce New
York steak with two eggs and substituted
that hash browns with some fruit and got
some lemonade trying to increase my
calories bring my protein back up just
so that I don't lose too much muscle
mass that's one of the things that sucks
about getting sick is not only does it
take you away from your work but also if
you're into like athleticism you're
trying to build up your body your
strength it it takes a toll on your body
and it kind of takes a few step
backwards with the next couple times you
go in the gym you feel kind of weak and
so I'm just making sure I try to keep my
calories high so that I don't lose too
much muscle mass but the cool part of
getting sick though don't tell you I
said this it's because since I do turn
into a big ass baby I love it when Gio
takes care of me so when I'm this big
ass sick baby and I'm just curled up in
bed and I'm just watching TV and Gio
says I don't talk back to her or
anything like that she says it brings
out like this extra tenderness in her
that makes her I want to take care of me
even more like I turn into like this big
helpless little creature bear and she
just can't wait to like make me theraflu
emergency you just
wait to tuck me in and you know turn on
the TV for me and I love that about her
and that was one of the first moments
like some people they might call it I
guess a horrific event but for me this
specific event at the beginning of our
relationship really solidify the type of
mom that I knew she was gonna be so when
we first got together this before we
moved in so we were probably just dating
for like a few months one time I slept
over and I woke up and also I had to
throw up and she was living with my
three other girl roommates at the time
and you could hear me like when I throw
a lot my entire body flexed I don't know
why but it's some people they just throw
up and just hear the food come out and
it's silent for me like and it's a crazy
sounding and she was like what the fuck
is going on and then she's like okay I
might no not have diarrhea it's not the
stomach flu or food poisoning and I
would just shit and puke and shit and
puke and then that traumatic event went
on for like four hours finally I thought
my stomach was done I go in the bathtub
so I could I'm gonna go in the shower so
I could take a shower and clean myself
off and then I start shitting in the
shower and then the whole shower smelled
like the sewer because we you know like
when you're shitting on a toilet like
there's only this much distance before
the poopoo hits the water when you're
standing in the shower there's a good
like two or three feet that it comes and
it doesn't go into water hits the
bathtub and splatters back up so I
remember I would be shitting and
diarrhea and all the Duke to a fly all
the way back up and hit the wall that
hit my elbows I'm like oh god damn am I
getting cleaner am I getting dirtier I
don't know what's going on and after I
came out I explained all that to her she
didn't judge me all she did was take
care of me even more and she nurtured me
back to health and that's something that
I really really admired about her and it
showed like the caring nature that she
the caring nature that she has and if we
were to have kids I know 100% she would
care for them even more than that and
that's the type of loving parent that
that I want to be with you know and it
really shows like yeah eels very pretty
and she's smart and there's like all
these things that a lot of people I
think when they first date they look for
what fits me now what are my needs now
but a lot of people they don't think
about what are my needs or what do I
want to have in the future which is why
a lot of people like to spend on credit
which is why a lot of people like they
see shoes and instead of they already
have three pairs of shoes and taking
that you probably need one or two pairs
but they still buy like seven or eight
or they could be saving up for something
long-term and big when they're dating
that's the same thing like right now she
might be honnest fuck which is a suck
your dick real good but she gonna be a
good mom and that's one of the deals I
really seal the deal but you don't tell
I said that she's gonna get her get all
big Oh Papa Bear said that this seals
the deal you're gonna be a good mom Geo
you know what's pretty funny I came to
the office early so that I can take a
nap because I'm sick right so I just
want to recover a little bit before I
start my meeting with Casey but I get to
the office and I just realized I don't
have the office key the last time I had
the office key I think I gave it to
Nadine so he can drop off some equipment
so now Here I am at the office this
close to the office and I cannot get in
so I have the a/c on just chilling in
the car cuz it's 90 degrees outside it's
really really hot today and it's making
me sweat which isn't helping me because
I'm still sick so I'm trying to stay dry
I don't want to keep sweating because
it's easy for me to do you guys know why
that's one thing I always wanted to
there's two questions I actually I
always want to know if there are any
doctors or anyone that has done research
like actual legitimate people that know
knowledge about this let me know not if
you're a keyboard or reader that thinks
you know everything off of WebMD but my
first question is when you get sick why
is it so easy for your body to sweat
like when I'm sick I could just move
around a little bit or take a hot shower
and I come out and I keep sweating for
like the next thirty minutes what why is
that why is that when you're sick you
can sweat so easily
number two why is it when you're sick
why do why does your nose get clogged
like what is the biological advantage or
what is the coping mechanism and it's
causing a stuffy nose which I had right
now so those are my two questions I want
to know what is the biomechanics that
causes this profusely sweating and also
stuff you notice what those are two
things where every time I'm sick I'm
like why why why I already feel like
shit now I'm laying in bed and I'm just
sweating for no reason and I can't
breathe out of my nose like is this is
this part of some greater being some
God's plan like when you're sick you
know what we're just gonna punish you
even more it's not bad enough that I
have
it's not bad enough that I have the
chills and my temperatures fluctuate and
I have no appetite but now I got a
freakin stuff up your nose that you
can't breathe and I'm gonna make it easy
for you to sweat so you gotta change
your shirt like every five minutes
someone explain that to me I have no
idea I guess I am close enough though
where I can get some of the office Wi-Fi
so I'm just gonna get some work done in
the car and hopefully someone shows up
students are not to stay in the car for
too long I always guess so Kasey came
through like the real homey
I was just sitting in the car because I
didn't have my keys I was out there for
like 45 minutes yeah I don't know I was
just I pulled up and that's when Joe is
leaving too and I had a conversation
with them tonight oh we're just talking
and I completely forgot I didn't have
keys so he left and they're right when
he left and I was like fuck gotta have
my keys but then it got me a bought me
some time to answer like 45 minutes what
the emails are just really good because
I've pretty backed up on emails these
days and then Casey got me some pokey
yeah oh we got the corn silk tea - yeah
I've never tried it
no I only got it for you and I was
looking at it waiting for them to finish
everything you know like one carb and I
was like well if he's gonna drink it it
must be pretty good and is only one carb
you know what tastes like and I'll tell
you why I like it you know when you get
like soondubu at a Korean place and then
there's that rice in the stone pot oh
like that barley right yeah so it tastes
like the the rice after it's been cooked
in the stone pot and they pour the water
and you're supposed to eat that porch
yeah that's the flavor of that drink I
see yeah so I kind of like and it's like
wavered water thank you so much you know
how many carbs are in seaweed and ginger
is there a reason why you don't get
these things oh yeah
okay today drink emergency because I was
sick the other day
oh fuck are you saying about the
cucumbers and ginger is there a reason
why you don't get the extras like that
is it because it's high in carbs in the
sugar levels yeah I just don't know what
they put in some of that stuff so I just
passed me I just asked for cucumbers you
got salad so no rice half brown rice
salad oh shit yeah the whole lot report
weight thing but with pokey how do you
think is gonna taste yeah I'm not a big
fan of that like I always see would get
pokey salad I'm not a big fan of that
you need that you need the rice to
complement the fish flavor like salad it
doesn't really calm it doesn't
complement anything in fact it just it's
like a little appetizer like let me
indulge your tastebuds real quick but
not tell you about all you know yeah
like I can do a like steak on salad like
if there's a warm balanced yes but cold
fish on lettuce it just I don't feel
it's just weird to me sounds we had a
gust or something don't think someone's
jacking off
we're sounds like a gangster stabbing
someone oh yeah have a really good
workout with Nicky if you guys don't
know who Nicky is she is a bikini
competitor I don't know why I said
bikini bikini or is it bikini bikini
like banana
no but there's a I bikini a bikini okay
I don't even know there's a Hawaiian
where
