good morning beautiful people well first
time of us say good morning poor Bart
over here is actually not over here um
is feeling sick today I woke up actually
it was like I think it was like 5 a.m.
or something and then he woke up turn on
the the AC unit and then um I remember
he touched me and it was like he was his
body was it really really really really
hot and then then he says hey I think I
have to go to the emergency room like
I'm not feeling really good I'm like
what do you feeling you think oh I just
have um I have like like body shivers
and I'm not feeling not good
um and I'm thinking well I think maybe
it's cuz before he went to see this body
was super hot and he's just like he just
gets hot really easily so his body
temperature rises super quick so I'm
like hey I think maybe your body was
trying to regulate itself because we do
sleep with the door closed everything's
closed in here so our body heats get
crazy and Bart's body is super high that
the whole room gets really really hot so
I was thinking that coupled with you
wearing a blanket um a thick blanket at
that too cuz he had a duvet on him um I
was just like yeah I think that the
reason why your body temperature went
crazy high that it was trying to
regulate itself therefore giving you the
body chills um so then I just gave him a
thinner blanket his see-through blanket
right here and then I just want to sleep
it off so he he slept in today I think
it's almost like 10:00 a.m. now he never
sleeps in this late I gave him some
theraflu he's peeing right now I'm about
to get him breakfast and oh and even
work so news is sean has been like
biting her skin so much in the same area
that that area became super wrong Bart's
done he's in the restroom so I made her
an appointment today to go see a vet and
hopefully they can get that fixed but
first let's see how our baby boys doing
smells really bad did you poop how you
feeling what do you feel its feel weak
that's it what about the body
shivers I was earlier I feel a little
bit better now but it does feel cold a
little bit
I never feel cold my throat hurts your
throat yeah okay I'm gonna get you some
emergency didn't get the orange or lemon
for everyone for emergency lemon or
whatever comes in and then you want food
right yeah what food do you want can get
me the reduced fat turkey bacon sandwich
from Starbucks two of them fine a little
fresh orange juice fine they have the
orange is in the bottle that's fresh
fine thank you you're welcome
everyone's sick here you and fine what
am I gonna do fine how come you only
cover half of your body just your legs
just pounds over why do you cover your
the top part if you get hot so fast fine
you want me turn on TV or something
you're just gonna sleep here then we'll
try to answer some emails in them I did
time Google this
how did this guy I don't even know why
you have this picture how did this guy
become this guy does it happen then you
mean this guy looks mischievous just
fuck though look at this fucking
eyebrows damn you look like a little
shit
look at your eyebrows what did this
picture come from my dad gave it to me
you can't trust a kid with eyebrows like
that and a bowtie at the same time that
is just trouble I already know what kind
of kid you are you are a little fucker
but you saw the other picture hello JK
Holly that one's pretty kini this one
though this is when all the bad stuff
started happening just looking at your
face I want to beat your ass yeah
how old are you there
I'm a her remember maybe like second
four years of the frisbee yeah you were
pretty bad it looked like he the
photographer tried getting your
attention but you were like in an ad
like frenzy
I'll go get you food
this is the part of our but I was
talking about
look at her hairs here we should keep
scratching stop scratching herself I'll
be back to get you and I go get dad some
food
Oh be right back all right so let's go
got you buddy
go get hoarsely part bags of goodies
here I'm just going to do the drop off
these are getting first person here
greeted by the lady who's your dad I'm
back thank you okay you little mama
all right love you I take you funny with
yeah let's go fun come on let's go you
got an appointment with the doctor who's
your caller you already know oh my god
you already know up stop sit sit sit
fine Hey sit good girl
chill out buddy okay all right bye dad
although right now it's a bedtime with
fawni bear fun would you have to say to
that nothing perfect
Bonnie you big scaredy-cat
all right we're just waiting for the vet
to let us know what the heck's going on
phone and what we can do that he'll
phone but um not the mini Q pictures it
we actually have some really cute rooms
this is one that's not that cute
they'll have like murals of like dogs
and a prairie and stuff but here it's
just your standard motley crazy but fawn
over here is freaking out ha fun fun fun
fun fun yeah poor baby girl you'll be
all right
they think she has what's called a hot
spot and what the hot spot is from what
the vet tech told me which really wasn't
too much was whatever they feel moisture
on their skin or whatever it bothers
them so they try to lick it away or fix
it or it could be fleas that calls that
hot spot and then she kept nipping at it
nipping at it that the area there got
raw and then she kept licking it because
it's raw making it even more raw so um
it got pretty bad but again it's the vet
tech I haven't visited the vet yet so
I'm just waiting on her to get here and
then she'll let us know what's going on
on baby fall but you can kind of see it
here the hair is here look Christy
that's because it's like her dry saliva
that she keeps eating at her skin the
fonz always kind of had skin conditions
used to call her fungus funny because it
was um she smelled like cheese and that
was due to her stressful life before we
had her um
and she's also very allergic to a lot of
the stuff in the environments to the bet
and in fact it is a hot spot um and
there's bacteria that formed there that
started irritating her skin making her
skin super itchy causing her to nip at
it and lick it um so what they're gonna
do because she looked at so much sisters
gabbing over is that they're gonna shave
her butt and treat that area and put
antibiotics anti-inflammatories um
because they don't want it to start
spreading and they want to kill and stop
the bacteria that's making her all itchy
so funny fun you're gonna have a ball
but you know that it's fun gonna have a
ball but that's fuckin funny when we
first adopted her she'd had like this I
don't know what you would call like a
big-ass mole like this big that she
needed surgery on they took it off but
they shaved the crown area of her head
and she looks so hilarious this wouldn't
be the first time she looked silly
whatever whatever is gonna help her I'm
down for it I don't care what she looks
like as long as my baby girl is healthy
that's the most important so this isn't
hot spot they were talking about right
here yeah she kept nipping at and biting
because the amount of fur wasn't drying
this is hilarious
funny looks so weird yeah doing good job
though fine good girl alright so we are
all done at the vet's office
Bonnie looking good - that weird patch
of her butt that's gone
kind of weird she's leaving with guess
what the cone of shame Oh fun you gotta
wear the cone of shame
were you at fun are you in there
that's a bummer it's always my favorite
to see them trying to eat cuz uh-huh
they can't they try to reach for the
bowl and then the cone is bigger and
where their face can reach because
that's what it's meant to do prevent
them from like biting or licking
whatever the effect that it is so that's
gonna be fun but she's gonna need a lot
of cool food I don't normally like
giving them wet food just because I like
the dry food to kind of brush their
teeth a little bit no um although she
does get her teeth brushed funny fun fun
fun fun fun I swear
this always happens I have to call her
name 20 times fun fun fun
hey fun oh that was 12 times just
kidding I wasn't counting but now I'm
going back home cuz I took care of baby
number one now I got to go home and take
her the other fuckin baby see what that
guy's all about what that guy is doing
um I want to say he'll be back in bed
probably on his phone or on his computer
let's see if I'm right
back home go fun
go give funds Rob what did something
see what your dad's up
they had to shave that part of her butt
off why she has this thing called a hot
spot yeah and something caused her to be
itchy it could be a flea it could just
be skin irritation but what they do is
you know they nip at it and they like it
to make it feel better but because she
has so much fur in that area is so dense
with fur it didn't properly dry so then
it still kept irritating her and she
kept licking it more on licking it more
making the area um
scab over because it's super raw so they
thought it was the best that they shave
off that fur so that that skin can heal
and dry because what was happening in
addition to being raw was that there's
bacteria that also started making it
really itchy so she has to take
anti-inflammatories antibacterial and
then I have to put soap on her twice a
week you are a pain in the butt how do
you feel okay not better I was making a
bed I thought you were gonna be in bed
Oh Oh were you peeing her well I was I I
made a salt water wash for your thought
I got you throat medicine pills
cold-eeze but she did a good job I mean
there were people that had her in a
corner but she wasn't as crazy as she
normally is and then with the vet she
was very cooperative and they took her
to the back to get her shaved then she
left with the vet tech she did a good
job
funny he did a great job I'm very proud
of you so they gave me the cone of shame
but I don't know if I'm gonna put it on
her just yet I have to give her pills
and stuff I think I think you'll just
kind of have to look at her and if you
hear her licking things then we'll put
it on but for now I don't know this
looks disgusting yeah the vet I guess
there's people out there that would
refuse that service because they don't
want their dogs to look weird so she was
asking me like you know we may have that
is that okay and like hell yeah that's
okay this month
yeah I don't care if she looks
ridiculous
she's got scar like battle scars so yeah
I'm just like I can't believe you have
to prep me this way cuz there's people
out there that actually care more about
what it look the way they've looked in
their health sounds like hell yeah do
whatever you got to do and I told them
about you know this part of her where
she at the crown her crown was shaved
and I'm like I don't care just long as
she's happy and healthy you happy and
healthy so it was just skin irritation
yeah I think we need to put the corner
for that into other parts I think there
are there there no no they found all of
them but that was the worst oh yeah so I
guess we'll put it on her can you put it
on her ah shame for poor baby
thank you papa is there anything I can
get you
sorry funny Vaughn Quan Bonnie Vaughn
Quan
sorry baby girl she's gonna get bunch of
yummy food though yeah I'll probably
give it to her when I get back that way
I can monitor her
such a good papa did you put it inside
up she doesn't care
she's so chill her tails relaxed she
doesn't care
she's like not this again
you want to put it through that last
loop oh you can't it's not a loop right
ooop tums alright fun
what the hell what happened
you're already ashamed oh man not again
sorry Fani this is for your own good
though she's like what the hell is this
shed but I can hear way better
bit cutie pie you look ridiculous
no funny you'll get used to it okay I
think I'm gonna go train up what a long
morning
ople how you feeling good everyone still
outside meeting and it the Sun is
setting so it looks so beautiful and
feel so bad Papa's missing it because
he's sticking here by himself with the
loudest AC in the world leave feeling
now Papa the whole body hurts
oh no and it's one of those hurts where
if I give you a massage it's even worse
huh yeah I'm sorry
let me see oh oh it's good you're
pulling hands feel good I always have
cold hands
I'm sorry pop off huh you're warm but I
think it's just because you're laying in
here
you're definitely warm everyone's sick
in this house fani sick you sick can I
give you anything
I gave funny huh medicine can't do
anything for you do you want some tea or
something I'm sorry papa
I'm gonna get you some oranges you could
eat those no okay should I just leave
you alone to seek a rest okay I love you
that's you can't my jump in my meetings
now poor Papa Pia so I thought that I
was gonna have a meeting but everything
kind of got cancelled because everyone's
been sick so this guy's sick and then
two of the people that are in the
meeting that I need is being we're also
taking care of sick people so I got some
more done pop Eric got sleep though he
did finally took a shower it feels so
good now and they baby over here I'm a
Papa baby he needs me to make him a
theraflu so that's what I'm gonna do for
my visit there she wouldn't want me get
you food
I just want to take their logo sleep
okay are you gonna watch anything I do a
little bit okay let me stay with you huh
which is good your food yeah I think I'm
gonna get some food I mean but if you
wanted me to stay with you I would we'll
just get food I'm gonna get some food
and I'm gonna go on a hunt for a stray
dog and it'll not even my dog that I'm
going on a hunt for it's just a stray
dog that you guys have been sending me
pictures of but I feel horrible that
it's been like since what like three
four days and this poor little guys just
running all over the city so I'll see if
I can help him somehow and this poor
little guy - I'm gonna take care of this
little guy I'm a terry to take care of
another little guy later fine let's go
so made mark some sailor flew and this
actually always helped me I never really
did the nine-time one I always do the
daytime one but it tastes pretty yummy I
mean granted it's still medicine it
doesn't taste so mediciney but this
helps nasal congestion sore throat cough
headache body ache fever runny nose
sneezing and it's been the one that's
been the most effective for me so this
thing is fucking scorching hot I feel
bad for but ducted it up in his marine
mug so I'm Nicole deliver the goods
before I head out and get some food
Papa I left URT bedside but careful cuz
it's scorching hot okay thank you mama
I love you what we are the best thing
that ever happened to me
fine thank you baby so are you look at
your boobies hey boss
Hey see you like this blanket better the
duvet no it's not stop it
oh god what groupies stop what stop the
little boat look look stop it stop it
that's one of those bad guys
and and take off more clothes i'ma fold
up your skinny one yeah I'm fine
is there anything I can get you go fine
that's a good sign they only have one
runny nose Loulou yeah two is no bueno
I'm not dr. saundra plug I'm talking
about my baby I'm gonna go get some food
and then we'll look for that guy all
right so I'm on this quest to find this
poor little pup that all of you guys
have been sending me via snapchat via
Instagram and and you guys are doing a
great job and I'm so appreciative and so
grateful that you guys are you know
being so vigilant and um you know just
keeping your eyes peeled for my baby
girl pretty unfortunately I still
haven't found her but uh you guys send
me this picture of this poor puppy
you're not really a puppy he's he looks
like he's you know at least two or three
years old
and I feel horrible that I'm just so
invested in my own dog which makes sense
I mean I'm not a horrible person but you
know my baby girl but I just have like
such a passion and love for animals that
you know I feel so selfish that I'm just
worried about her when I know in fact
that this dog is still out running the
streets so I've been kind of patrolling
the neighborhood for about aren't really
any cars out here there for about a good
20 minutes now I'm just kind of driving
all over Alhambra trying to find this
poor little guy um my plan for this dude
once I find him is to lure him in my car
with some bomb-ass doggy treats and I'm
talking about the ones that you can find
at at Costco they're like these chicken
tenders they look they're like
dehydrated chicken but my dogs go
fucking banana for them oh and this is
not a through Street one second one plus
the beach yeah they go freakin bananas
for them so I figured if my dogs love
them every dog loves um hold on I'm
busting a u-turn
um so yeah it's just kind of what I've
been doing right now
I feel like people that see me driving
they're just like what the fuck is a
shady car doing
but luckily um when they look inside
it's just my nerdy ass in it with
glasses and shit so they're like oh it
ain't no thing it's just a sturdy girl
but damn where is this guy like all of
you guys have been sending me pictures
here's Oh like I found Brady I found
Bria is she wearing a vest and I'm like
oh damn it I know exactly what dog you
guys are talking about and it's so
unfortunate cuz clearly he belongs to
someone because he has that cute little
blue and green vest on and it's just so
unfortunate that this poor guy is trying
to find his family and his family's
probably just as devastated as I am
about my baby girl so I feel like I must
pay it forward you know and I have to I
have to find this guy and make sure that
he gets to his family because I really
want my baby girl back anymore when
someone finds her they could do the same
for me that's all
and I just don't want this poor little
guy to be just walking by himself
everywhere I mean he's an animal and I'm
sure he knows how to fend for himself
and take care of himself but I don't
know it's really devastating when you're
separated from the people you love you
know and and dogs are such pack animals
that like they suffer so much whether or
not with their pack there's just like
what the fuck is going on that's why I'm
just so sad about my biggie because
she's so attached to us and she's so
attached the fawn specifically that I'm
just like I gotta find her you know and
I hope that maybe by me finding this guy
it'll kind of and it's not the only
reason why I'm doing it obviously and of
course but you know I'm just hoping hey
if I'm willing to do this for someone
then like maybe someone out there will
be like wait a minute this is someone's
puppy she's so well-behaved she has
manners and she's potty-trained and
she's groomed and she smells nice like
she obviously is not a street dog let me
give her back or let me take it to a
shelter which I visited like so many
times um and again like you guys have
been like putting in your work too and
that alone ah that alone is so amazing
like you guys are just so fucking
amazing
I can't even like I can't even talk
right now like I'm so choked up because
you guys are fuck
you guys are seriously haven't sent like
every day every day you guys messaged me
hey is this who's this fawn or have you
felt fun yet or I'm sending you good
vibes when I'm praying for you guys and
I'm just like what this is amazing like
you guys are going out of your way for
me and for Bart like what I don't know I
think you guys deserve so much like God
fuck I swear if I was a fucking
billionaire
I would like hook y'all up fat but
anyway um I can't really keep my eyes
peeled well i vlog so I'm just kind of
think I'm gonna cut it here for now and
then I'll wrap it up later but for now
I'm just gonna continue looking for this
guy for maybe like a few more minutes
and then I'll head back home oh you guys
are awesome
come on go ahead
go peepee it's really dark over here
come
oops
so I'm gonna wait for fun to pee thank
you so much for watching and I
have a really good workout with Nikki if
you guys don't know who Nikki is she is
a bikini competitor I don't know why I
said bikini bikini or is it bikini
bikini like banana nobody is a I bikini
a bikini okay
I don't even know this is a Hawaiian
where
