a really good workout with Nikki if you
guys don't know who Nikki is she is a
bikini competitor I don't know why I
said bikini bikini or is it bikini
bikini like banana nobody's a I bikini
bikini okay
mom even though there's a Hawaiian word
or what everybody sounds Hawaiian her
Asian bikini competitor which is a
bikini competitor and she said some she
shed some insight on some of the things
that your goals for a bikini competitor
should be so she told me that for a
bikini competitor you want to develop
quads but you don't want quad separation
you want nice developed shoulders and
arms but you don't want the shoulder and
triceps separation so it was really
interesting to hear how in a completely
different sport or even a different
category for that matter because in the
world of bodybuilding you have bikini
and you have a figure physique and all
that and they all have different goals
because once you go to the slightly more
jacked one I think the next one up is
physique now they want to see a slight
quad separation and because of those
goals she trains mostly with a lot of
super sets and a lot of sculpting
movement like sculpting the glutes the
quads the hamstrings like her body so
her body is very well sculpted and it's
made to look good in a bikini and I'm
really happy that I was able to
introduce powerlifting to her because
number one she's pretty strong you know
like based even though she does so many
movements with machines like her first
time doing possible ATS ever in her life
she was able to do 135 for a couple of
reps and that's really good for someone
that's I don't even think she's 100
pounds and then she also tried deficit
devil√≠s for the first time and these
are things that are just going to give
you a strong back strong glutes strong
quads and build a good foundation as an
athletic human being number one number
two because you could handle more weight
you're just gonna burn more calories and
I think this really opened up her eyes
which is like oh cool
I'm not going to get super jacked on
doing these barbell movements but these
Bardot movements can make me a healthier
stronger human being and also help me
reach the goals I want to reach even
more so I was just really happy that I
was able to introduce that to her
and yeah like I can't wait to see what
she does with those movements because
maybe she might be even interested in
powerlifting and decide to make strength
one of her goals and we'll see like a
very sexy and strong female because I
feel like every single female out there
has the potential to be very sexy and
also very strong there's this
misconceived notion that if you lift
heavy weights you know you turn into a
man and that's like what most girls are
scared of but it's actually very hard to
put on muscle for a guy like it's for a
guy to put on 10 to 12 pounds of muscle
here that's already really good for a
girl it's even less than that it's
really hard to really transform your
body and most of the girls that you see
that have such a very manly physique
it's because they have enhancements like
steroids performance-enhancing drugs and
it takes things to alter your biology to
be able to create that look now not all
girls that are jacked are on steroids so
I don't want you to take that steam and
just make it a blanket statement but for
most of the girls that you do see out
there the some girls they just have more
higher testosterone level some guys have
lower testosterone levels some girls
have better genetics and girls have less
athletic genetics so it's it's really
hard to say you can't put 100% proof on
something unless you actually blood piss
hair tests do all that stuff but for the
most part it's very very hard and and
you don't become a man overnight you
know like you train as a female and
you'll see your body develop like it's
not going to be you do like shoulder
presses one day and tomorrow you're
wearing an extra-large t-shirt you
slowly develop massive beauty about
sculpting and training it's you get to
take things one step at a time and if
you ever see your body grow in a
direction you don't want like right for
me I was bulking and now I got too fat
now I just you know slowly get small so
you can always change your body around
and these are reversible to like let's
say you are able to be one of the few 1%
women to get frickin jacked and now you
want to start slimming down easy
reversible and so I just wanted to clear
that up with a lot of people out there
and as you can see we're also back at
the old office because the new office we
decided to add one last in before we
truly start moving in
and that is a we're going to run down
the floor and also seal it and add I
think they're called charcoal or kind of
stains a little bit so it has a really
nice like a hipster restaurant type of
feel so they did that all weekend and
now super dusty and there they still
have I think like two more steps two
more steps to do before they add the
ceiling in and then after that we have
to let it settle for like a whole week
so we're not gonna be in there for a
whole week but after that everything uh
should be ready to go and ready to move
in some super duper excited with all
that like I'll name I don't mind meeting
at the old office like when I come back
it's actually pretty charming you know
like we have like all the stuff that me
in case you've been working on with the
movie and stuff still here so I'm a look
like an earthquake so I'm still like
very very excited about that and I got
my food got my trusty McDonald's food
almost I think you can almost count on
every time I have a lifting day on the
weekday I always go through some
drive-thru just a save time like today
I'm out of time to do my hair I just
jumped in the shower rinsed really quick
and this time I didn't take a real shot
like I took a legit shot last night so
I'm super clean but then I did sweat
like a motherfucker and I didn't have
time to take a full shower so sometimes
I felt like the lesser of the two evils
it's just at least rinse with super hot
water so it can rinse the sweat off I
didn't have time to apply soap but I do
feel much better if I just went straight
to work and he'll agree stop so now I
eat my food and then i'ma meet with
Casey and work on the feature and we
have mad progress on this I'm really sad
about that too somebody needs to be
excited about you know life is good life
is good let me know in the comments
below um let me know in the comments
below what do you appreciate about life
right now like if you don't have to it
doesn't have to be Thanksgiving to give
thanks and to appreciate life you know
like I thought you can be grateful about
life at any point of the time every
single time I wake up in the morning
have a smile and I love life let me know
what makes you smile right
I just wrapped a hella long creative
meeting with Casey and my brain is so
fried we met from one o'clock all the
way until now which is about 8:00 and
although the meeting was very productive
at the end it didn't seem like it was
going that way it was one of those days
were like you're feeling together and
you guys are putting ingredients into
the pot but it doesn't seem like it's
amounting to something like we're doing
all the right things and like for
example we're trying to create this two
characters for a movie and we thought of
some stylistic things of how they can
meet so my transitions okay you get this
guy he enters this building and then
when he meets this guy you don't really
know if this guy's going to be an
important character later on but we just
kind of pan over to the other guy
wouldn't follow his storyline so we're
thinking of a lot of like poetic
cinematography because that's something
we're kind of good at on cinematography
we're also good at action we're also
good at comics we kind of want to
combine something like that and really
try to make a very next-level film like
that's one of the biggest things you
want to do there's so many youtubers and
other social media influencers that are
making feature films these days we
really want to set ourselves apart
because I think a lot of those guys they
were meant to make vines they were meant
to make youtube videos there are meant
to make Instagram videos for us from the
start if you've seen our old things they
were like saga it's like our uncle story
it was uncle story part 1 part 2 part 3
like so many of our old old videos we
started off with a feature film mind vs.
a lot of people start off with a skit
and sketch mine and
think that's what really separated us
and I'm sure a lot of you guys realize
that that story element along with the
comedy element is what attracted a lot
of our initial viewers to us and so for
us because we're finally able to visit
that platform of feature films we really
wanted to flex on that and do a good job
you know and it kind of this is us and
that this is our call me really want to
do a good job but when you're doing
things creatively sometimes like it's
feature film is it's a team it's a team
sport
you know you have so many people when
you watch the movies in the credits cool
at the end or side 1500 sometimes like
500 people all part of the film all part
of that team and there's so many
different departments and we're just
trying to praise from all these things
sometimes you can get carried away and
so for the first I would say good three
or four hours we thought we had a lot of
ideas and we thought we put in a pot and
we really examine them nothing really
seemed to pop out as if it's wrong like
when our first if you watch a couple
vlogs back when we met with a
screenwriter and she showed us like
there are some very blatant holes in our
script so now we don't have any but they
didn't necessarily all need to add up so
for example I could grow to watch like
like any film like let's say like super
bad you know that's like
one of the films we like it's very funny
it's very heartfelt and it's a film
about friendship and there's a good
message in it and those that kind of
embodies a lot of the things I want to
cover in our film
if randomly Jonah Hill's character goes
to detention and he goes there and then
he writes an essay and we spend three
minutes on that scene and then we cut
back to all the shenanigans and
adventure the journey they go on it
doesn't really make sense but it's not
wrong like Jonah Hill's character it
would make sense for him to be in
detention but that specific scene in the
whole scheme of things of storytelling
it doesn't add to anything you know what
I mean so that's kind of the problem we
ran into her when when developing this
film we had a lot of scenes that we
liked and we put them together it wasn't
necessarily wrong but how does how do
these scenes play into the overall
scheme of the film and when you're doing
a film you only got about an hour to
natella a really tight nice deep story
you know it's not
a TV show or you have like 13 episodes
in the entire season like we can't waste
time you have two hours to tell like an
entire books for their story so every
single scene has to make sense and me
off later on and we realize that it at
the end of like about five or six hours
of brainstorming that we had so many
scenes put together none of it really
ties together none of it is really
paying off and it was just a bunch of
scenes that we thought would be cool and
and we were about to give up and then
finally like at the end of each of our
meeting we like to create a list of what
should we do next time so when we
approach it we don't go oh where do we
leave off and there's specific notes
figure this out do this this is the
problem that we can figure out through
this so we have specific notes and while
we were writing all the problems that we
had all the answers just started
clicking boom boom boom boom boom so the
last 10 minutes of our 7 hour of
brainstorm session was the most
clarifying of it all it was crazy like
we had answers to everything
and then our sparsh storage structure
became super clear everything's are
working smoothly started we were able to
eliminate scenes and make some
characters a little bit more important
some less important like right off the
bat and we're like what the fuck and
this whole entire I guess endeavor or
the course of this this whole sequence
of events of us brainstorming and
planning all these things it taught me
something it taught me it really
reminded me of business and it really
reminded me of like any endeavor that
anyone wants to do there's so many times
we're like when you first start there's
always beginner's luck right where it's
like things are very fun and fresh and
because of that you give everything this
extra attention and you have beginner's
luck and it seems like you're just
naturally good at it then when you
really get into the core of something
like when you start learning how to play
guitar from a year or two from year 2 to
like year 5 we really start doing
martial arts from the yellow belt alder
to red belt
there's like this entire grinding
process where sometimes you lose track
of why you even start it's not even as
fun as it was before like you learn how
to ollie on a skateboard than all the
other tricks are just so tremendously
hard then it always comes to this point
where things become clear and there's a
epiphany and then all of a sudden you
reach that that next status you know and
and you know and then there then again
you you go through like a bunch of like
muddy water just trying to figure shit
out you know what things mean and those
money times are when I feel like a lot
of people the reason why they don't make
it to the next step is because when they
hit that muddy not fun not rewarding
unmotivated time that's what a lot of
people give up or they change passions
they go you know what that's that's not
for me you know I went to like 20
auditions for like two years and it's
just not fun and that's not for me and
every single one of my friends that made
it in stand-up comedy and and acting
they all tell me dude an entertainment
doesn't matter what job director or
whatever it takes a good 10 years of
grinding before you even get anywhere
really okay to establish myself so of it
if every single endeavor has that money
period you gotta just push through it
you know again everything has a medical
school graduate school college high
school everything there's that medic
there's that muddy muddy period where it
just sucks you know why the fuck you're
doing it but when you finish you're like
aha that's why it's the last ten minutes
that are the most rewarding and you
realize why you were sticking it through
for seven hours so finished exhausted a
bunch of brain power fucking hungry shit
but to get some bomb-ass Chinese food
before God
I'm out there I'm getting ready for bed
now I didn't see you all day I know how
was your day I pulled out your special
see-through blanket can you catch that
thank you
extra comfortable cuz you're really hot
your body's real wrong how was my day
you said yeah but it was good
um it was kind of tiring because I woke
up at 5:30 a.m. so that I can get
slightly camera-ready because I was
cameo lean cameo in in a Wong foo
production it's their web series called
single by 30 I had a scene in there and
so I did that up until like 1:00 and
then I went down back down to a shelter
because I thought that they might have
brig either um but it turns out that I
was misinformed so she wasn't there and
then I came home and I was just so
exhausted because I was sleepy but then
um that coupled with like how hot it's
getting right now I think it was like 94
I'm not really drained like the energy
at anis I was super super sleepy so came
home took a nap and then um I've kind of
been a little bit obsessed about like
draggy and whatnot
so I got fallen on a leash after I woke
up from my nap I got fawn on a leash and
then like we walked around like usually
the parameter that I would walk them um
because they say that dogs when they you
know get separated from their home they
tend to stick to what they know so um I
walked fawn you know along the trail
that that I would walk the girls
together and then I was home had the AC
on cuz again it was super hot in here
did it feel good I felt amazing it was I
had the AC on in a sweater that's always
the best at my mom's house we used to
have we had central a/c so I would have
like this thick Mexican blanket this
yeah and then I would have like I would
be bundled up and then I had my ceiling
fan and we had the a/c on it felt so
good that sounds like a wonderful time
yeah so me wearing my sweater today kind
of unit reminded me of that and then um
so I just didn't inside and I was just
working and then around 8:00 p.m. I had
a meeting an apparel meeting with Aaron
we met and then um one of you guys was
telling me that you guys thought you
spotted breeki yeah and it was this dog
that you guys have kept like for three
days you guys kept telling me that oh I
saw her Neha's would send me pictures
and in the location of the specific dog
there was even one person that like was
driving in their car and as they're
driving they call b√§rbel like letting
them know like hey I I'm following
biggie right now which it wasn't her
yeah and then I like it dawned on me
that like this poor dog he's walking
around the city for three days wearing a
vest so clearly he belongs to someone
and I was just like how fucking selfish
of me to be so invested in my own dog to
not care about this guy so it was like
you love it and I'm like alright babe I
gotta see you later
um and I got some doggy treats and then
I was like on a quest to find that
specific dog did I find them I don't
think I don't think finding dogs is my
forte because I suck like everyone else
spotted him but I just couldn't like I
look down the streets that they told me
that they saw him and I kind of went in
the direction where I thought the dog
was moving because it seemed like he was
moving more uh east yeah so I kept
moving in that direction and I didn't
see anything but I was equipped I had a
blanket already laid on my back seat and
still there
that's candy and then I had the doggy
treats that all dogs go crazy for you
know just talking about the chicken ones
yeah the dog crack ones and all my
clothes those my amma get this fall
today i'ma get um bring him back
freaking and like try to find his owners
but no luck huh and I just guess my car
know I'm back what did you do I pretty
much just in the morning I worked out
with Nicky and then I just had a meeting
with
a see from one to seven and that's it oh
damn one to seven holy crap yeah mush
yeah you - come on till ten
Oh cuz I want to eat with Casey and I
want to go get you some food
oh yeah last we met from one to eight I
think long time a long day my brain is
mush that's crazy yeah did you see my
phone case my other leather one it broke
so I'm back to this guy sparkles yeah
this is the one if the whiff it breaks
in the water what gets on your skin it's
like acid and it burns you are we did a
Jay can you story on that yeah little
girl yeah this is the one but it's so
cute I'm gonna go sleep now I'm tired I
know you look exhausted
you look wasted good night good night I
love you
love you oh she killed me
it's called the black sighs call murder
figure eight 187 on the glutes yeah we
did three kind of like superset like
exercise
