all right good morning guys so today is
kind of a weird day for me just because
um yesterday I got home from the gym and
I found this guy roaming the streets and
um when I pulled up to my house then she
like runs back to the front but the
weird thing is that they're never out
front like that so um fani does have a
history of being a magician and escaping
any sort of barriers that we set on her
just because she loves to explore so
much but she always comes back home so
yesterday I thought that was no
different than any other day so I kind
of laughed about it cuz I'm like damn it
fine you freaking magician you did it
again um
and I even snapped about it and I'm sure
some of you guys saw it but then I went
inside and because brig II is so tiny
and has shorter limbs and doesn't have
the hops that Fon does I always expect
for you to be still in the back yard or
inside the house where we initially left
them because she's just not as athletic
or as capable as Fani is so I go inside
and there's no trace of brick inside the
house I'm like okay maybe she's still
outside cuz Brigid loves sunbathing so I
went to the backyard and there's still
no trace of Rikki so I'm like what the
house I'm yelling breaker breaker
breaker breaker break I'm walking all
around the house to see how they even
escaped in the first place because if
brittany was able to escape that not
just means that there's a door that's
open or they created a hole or there's a
way for them to get out so i look in our
side gate which we never ever use no one
ever uses it was left open and the only
person that does use it is our gardener
and I feel like and I'm kind of a
hundred percent sure certain that he
went through that side closed it and
thought he properly closed it and not so
yesterday I spent like Bart and I and
all of our friends and all of you guys
like I can just cry right now thinking
about it but I just don't want to I'm
trying to like keep it together but like
damnit like you guys just became like a
really big community um and you guys
like all like bonded and binded together
um to like spread the news that you know
my dog was missing and I'm like so
grateful for that
um looks like I don't have kids or
anything and I'm like have really close
family members so um not having my girl
I mean I have this one you know what I'm
so happy she's here but not having my
other girl with me is like kind of
pretty devastating so um the fact that
you guys felt so compelled and felt so
moved
um you know by what I was going through
and going out of your way to repost and
spread the word and contact all of your
friends and family members or anyone
that you knew that lives out here in my
area even if you guys were like in
Canada Australia um Singapore got so
many different um fans just like hitting
me up and reposting when they have like
they're not even like anywhere near uh
where I live it and you guys were like
ah dammit sorry you guys are spreading
it like you guys have no idea how
impactful that is and like how that made
me feel um and I'm like forever grateful
for what you guys did in and it taught
me so much about just being a decent
fucking human being and and I'm so
grateful for you guys I'm gonna keep
saying and I'm so grateful for you guys
because you guys like wholeheartedly
just accept me and and and love me and
support me and I'm just like that feels
amazing so just know that I will
definitely be be paying that forward you
know but on a side note um all of that
happened yesterday still no trace of her
um we printed out some flyers I'll show
you right here I put it out this flyer
of my baby lost
Rigi and we posted it all over our
neighborhood we got on different apps
like fine Rover
and on neighbor I think it's called um
so we have a lot of eyeballs on it but
now I'm driving all over the city in
like you know my city and surrounding
cities and just leaving Flyers
everywhere and hitting up like
veterinary uh you know clinics and pet
show pet shops and shelters and just
leaving this with them just in case you
know somebody finds her and and they
don't fall in love with her the way I
felt love with her and they don't decide
to keep her and they realize that she's
such a well team and trained dog that
they're gonna be like wait a minute this
puppy belongs to somebody so I'm doing
that in hopes of finding her so uh I met
my first location now and I'm about to
get off and leave them a flier and let
them know the situation so that if they
see or hear about my baby girl that they
know where to call to contact
oh it's called the black sighs called
murder figure eight 187 on the glutes
yeah we did three kind of like super set
like exercises
