good morning beautiful people good
morning beautiful people oh you're
talking to us well I am now oh good
morning good morning
how'd you sleep mmm kind of bad I dare
hurt myself so my shoulder kept waking
me up how did you hurt your shoulder my
thing last week I was doing snatches and
that kind of pulled my shoulder a little
bit that I'm not doing properly yet and
then yesterday we went ham on shoulders
and then I think agitators in water
who's we
to beat Roy join your party no let's
meet Evan and Sarah oh I did see beat
Roy there later though why what happen
daaamn
Oh see how to cut it short what are you
doing right now beat Roy setting up for
JK news tight so if anything technical
fuck's up is up is it safe to say it's
your fault pretty much by one time
forgot to turn the mic on when I change
the batteries you know what though
you've done it for a few months already
and I think that's like the only time
you fucked up like I said I think that
I'm not sure but so far you've been
killing it losing footage and I got to
lose footage yeah I think that's the
word on one scare that was the scare you
saw you lost today you really lost it I
thought I lost it yeah
Tamsin Ryan's Drive was fucking up we
plugged it in that we all plugged it in
all the footage is gone I was like yeah
or like we couldn't see it in the folder
but we saw that the space was being
taken up by that footage but we just
didn't know where it was oh shit I mean
it has happened before oh god oh god I
was having such a good morning there's a
bull wasn't being a bad dude look at the
office though look at the office no you
didn't see the other desks my desk my
ugh my real debt well I used to work oh
it's all gone
I know oh that's right we're all moving
back oh god no that's not even you don't
know you're so lost well anyway this is
what sorry to cut you off be try but
just to wrap it up each oh you're doing
a fucking outstanding job but Tiffany
Jess and Ryan and Joe did this and who
and Shawn did this look at this I know
you guys have seen how shitty my desk
always looks and then Tommy's former's
former desk but look at this how fucking
beautiful is that I bet it was your idea
TIFF to put the games and everything
here I you're just really resourceful
with small spaces and you make
everything look really nice and fit
really really well so I just I just know
when it has the Tiffany touch what are
you doing right now what's really cute
about TIFF is she always grabs this
mirror so if this area is taken the show
grab the whole fucking mirror which is
like probably her height and then she
like you just you're dragging it from
room to room it's pretty funny and I
need to be like you portable one yeah
dude I like your earring Oh on this side
just last night I was thinking of
getting the whole area um like
everything like all these spaces here
getting unpaired yeah why I think I want
to do it what yeah you're not really
appeared I'm not but I saw it on someone
I'm like that's fucking tight so I'm
like I think I want to get it yeah ever
since I was little I always wanted why
don't you get it
because then um I just I wasn't a fan of
my ears and ah but now I don't give a
fuck though may be good no it looks
really good dude if I go your woman and
bite you yeah I'm down all right fuck am
I gonna do it I always wanted this one
yeah don't anything dude let's do it I'm
down I'm down there
all right Oh No so any any piercers out
there watching this video if you guys
wanted to stop by your shop to get our
ears pierced
um let us know fucking down super down
super fucking now that our tongue
pierced before we did and bellybutton
piers and which is not that crazy what
her more the tongue or the belly button
Tom for sure really I don't want the
heliopause
yeah but the actual like the initial
like the day after I hurt my tongue
house I think the initial puncture was
the belly button hurt me more and then
the tongue hurt last but then the
recovery we both fucking hurt
yeah dude the Billy one was like a
six-month recovery oh shit they say it's
six months and I'm like and I couldn't
put my shirt like on I couldn't lift my
arms or your belly button yeah I was
like cuz if I got infected I didn't take
care of it okay yeah that's a difference
girl sorry
alright I'll let you get back to what
you were doing right cuz I'm a DB kicked
in and I saw I saw this sorry beat you I
know we got choco pie I saw choco pie oh
I love choco pie and I bought like the
biggest thing of it was like six of
those boxes and we ate three longer when
we got choco pie it out I'm like with
three together or three each Oh together
what twelve
yeah that's twelve times three what is
that I can't Mel oh you ate three boxes
oh I thought like three little choco
pies okay I feel you fuck I don't blame
you checkup eyes are the fucking bomb Oh
chocolate pies I used to work with a lot
of Koreans um so that's the only reason
why that's the only reason why what did
you say who said that
oh what's the story shit you better turn
your neck you little baby how'd you know
I was talking to you
how'd you guys always call me baby oh
you know I never call you baby you're
not my baby
you know why it's too early to be funny
I want to just fuckin probably abused
ashati but my brains already that's like
all the time let me zoom in No whoa
anyway wait did i zoom out anyway I was
saying I worked with a lot of Koreans so
that's when I got introduced to what you
get the fuck out of your office it's not
my office get the fuck out here you
fucking useless piece of shit huh David
whoa oh no no we're not doing this not
doing this whole like you feel like
you're shit what no you know what today
just wait David but I got something for
you what a big fist to the face babe are
you gonna get are you know what looking
life is what I can't David does does the
things that I want to do what the fuck
we were supposed to have secret language
babe what ceiling I got him something oh
shut your fucking face up so I'm fucking
ready yeah you see I got something
already to fucking fight I'll actually
really adore David this is for your
stupid fucking face cuz I fucking love
you well Bart and I love you Oh just
open it goddamn it what fuck it does
that happy birthday David shoes what is
it I can't get you happy birthday we
open we open this side to make sure
that's what it was
who cares when it passed just happy
birthday still Oh Julia yeah it's gonna
come this much that's a monthly do you
know why are you guys getting me a
fucking gift it's a thought that count
and you know it's dope
you gave away your own position when you
were talking about that sounds asking a
bunch of questions and then you you you
gave it away I know as your brains never
working maybe
well sure it's a piece of paper it's a
love note from us oh shit see you know
what the funny thing this is also gift
and also a reminder I had to go to his
gym coz what are those what are those
the metal causes of the shoes that I was
gonna get
he got it before I got him so they're
Nike version of CrossFit shoes though
isn't that crazy cuz Reebok came out
with the first cross issue but then Nike
made a better fucking dope this is the
most happy and happy I've ever seen him
he's like yes shoes but fuck me shoes
we're feeling it's like all met thanks
nod can't avoid the gym but you look
fucking good no I've been trying to go I
didn't go to the barbell for the two
past two times I know we know that
what were the excuses no I've just been
so busy
like it's one of those things like if I
don't like before I just be able to
function with I to three hours sleep and
I'm fine I can't do it anymore
oh no so if I have to get at least five
you're becoming out of oh gee I know
dude cuz I have I said two or three cuz
even before when you guys had no
previous barbell also been three hours I
would still go and I was like perfectly
fine I can't do it anymore too early
yeah hey but hey I like how he says that
when his stomach is look look like that
look at his stomach and it's a mouthful
a mouthful of food that's hilarious
which is so interesting no matter how
much I complain in the gym and I see
myself in pain but I see him die it
gives me like like it's like second
people but the crazy thing is I realized
that when he programmed something even
for himself he works out like he hates
himself yeah it's insane
it is pretty everybody else are tired I
see this guy he's like chilling in the
corner if you see these dying kids what
a second set comes in he goes fucking
mania I suppose that even cleave if you
just watch me and cleave look at him
we're like work out like that nobody
works out the way that you work out it's
insane
and I think that you have that same type
of mentality for other people all right
what's not like that dude you know one
of his his his love philosophy sayings
right now is a fuck your elbow because
you're doing all the ollie lifting shit
no it's good so like I like the fitness
man-whore name is Mark Bell and he has a
famous saying there's a video on it's
called fucker elbow and just like all
his people they start training and then
they have like all my elbow hurts it's
sore is fatigue there's just nothing but
some weights but all those complaints
all he ever does is hinder your progress
for him he has a fucker elbow mentality
where I don't give a fuck about about my
elbow I don't care about the pain I'm
gonna go and do the work that needs to
get done
and I'll still come out stronger yes my
elbow doesn't have a full range of
motion but guess what I bench 600 pounds
how much does your healthy elbow bench
well those are busy lines that your body
should stop that's crazy ignore get the
fat fuck your tumor dog I don't like
alcoholic singers kiddies elegant yo
kidney motherfucker that's what I'm
saying I'm you saw her in sick with
Wendy Campbell no there's another girl
in this real she's I kind of like a
legend in the female powerlifting world
I'll show you a picture in I'll a
diagnosed with liver cancer and she has
a hemo chemotherapy so pretty much is a
tumor she shaved her head and just last
weekend she's still dead left at 500
pounds
she's like fuck cancer that's the
craziest fucking shit ever heard in my
life I think bar finally found his
people I think you did I hear people did
a lot of people did why do you hang out
with us a lot of people do a lot of
people he's lame he just named to people
a lot of people they let like downfalls
like stop them or like this day they
take something that's supposed to be
looked at as an opportunity to fight a
little bit more you're very
inspirational they look at that and they
go oh you're cancer I can't do this but
David and I both people are like this I
have cancer I should probably slow down
a lot but i'ma still truck off right
that's
heylia fuckers like you're just too
extreme but watching you work out makes
me believe that Haven you'll hate me cuz
I know I need I told you if you hate
yourself will you result in you it's
insane you work out insane mind you life
if you notice like when you're doing all
those like overhead snatch addition if
you watch my face draw that whole time
alone like this Oh
everybody scream that dude that fucking
you want selecting about barbell to I
don't know like 90% of the people and
they're screaming at me like they're not
screaming at you they're cheering my
butt sometimes I'm like a quick Drive
attention towards because he's gonna
listen fuck I did I do I go nobody cheer
for me okay please nobody like why for
the same reason he just said cuz we
don't want you to look white but we want
it cuz he you're gonna be like Julia
shit though so I'm over off in a corner
trying to work out as far away as
possible
this was like ready to like squat like
for two pounds and all here's let's go
guys I know Jeff I hug him or fuck me
like I'm slacking off and I'm like
behind like a couple of boxes he goes
good fucking around about how do you see
me dude what the fuck is the wait did
you forget that you're like eight feet
fucking tall though dude I'm like hiding
like this is shit we just only have a
single egg clock no sees me but thank
you so much you love me when I would
train with him could just be like record
your lesson that's what I want that's
what I want it's so funny record your
last set this stories are so different
cuz TIFF stays dedicated once she gets
the balls rolling every time I look I
see her put enough I don't see you're
trying to like slide through the door
David I have to keep
every time I'm looking on this guy's I
pull it around socializing with someone
trying to go out through the door so
TIFF when she gets the balls while she's
on a boom a week after week after week
she completed the program she takes
pictures of the program does evidence
she's supposed to do damn it on the
other hand he's no fucking time did you
know what's funny it's like that
prisoner that just despise that one
crack of light in his room I'm looking
at it like I should be free oh so I'm
always trying to escape somehow but I've
been showing up - you know this week
which has been kind of crazy the second
week of the program was like David
where's your paper it was oh shit
and so now he started downloading the
digital file and he used Adobe to like
write down his numbers on the paper
which is true see so I don't forget but
then he also does Friday's workouts on
Wednesdays and the Monday is on Fridays
it's all real quick before you start
saying shit like that
howdy friends are so hard I go
full-blown retarded I gotta get my shit
properly
I'll buy okay cool this is what it is so
I open my phone and in my mind like my
eyes go crossways on my lip tonight oh
my god any comes already go you're not
supposed to sweat all that we fucking
bum man why are you here we come Porto
Rican okay I can't read a girl I'm so
fucking exhausted and it is mine he
thinks that I'm not trying I'm trying
you know he knows I'm trying but at the
end of the day I'm just telling you
right now that everywhere your eyes
closed look look just talking to buddy
is I can't tired of talk about me up
because I'm tell you right now what I'm
trying to do is escape every time I go
to the gym
I'm looking for an exit plan
so don't apply it I did white I saw it
on the menu
South
damn was a wall superhero so oddly that
was religious I'm so jealous I can't see
anything that destroyed I have alright
so we are at lunch now we're having some
Italian food and unfortunately are you
tracking tracking but I'm not hold it
right mr. camera I'm not allowed to have
anything fried or anything sleep until I
get a six-pack so this whole table this
whole table right here is tracking and
on a diet
well my macros are too bad alright I'm
sorry
what about extra suicide I'm just trying
a little little piece and I'm gonna do a
little bit extra work why do a lot of
extra work so should I do it I like to
taste it oh yeah you're lucky but this
whole table looks like crap over here
and then this table they have a really
good metabolism I don't mean you guys
look like crap I mean I look like crap
that's what I mean except for you see
for yourself how perfectly fine it's
just that says that I look like crap so
I have to I have to make sure that I'm
outspoken to all people I fix it and you
guys look like they're bright years old
skinny
it's amazing what that does to you just
look oh yeah it make
our facial maybe hi guys I saw the shell
banner
okay I'm apartment tracking myself I am
very limited with the food that I can
eat so I'm just getting a simple protein
like a chicken breast I'm gonna band a
single carb lightfoot pasta and like
marinara sauce tomato base so it's not
to find out too crazy but my favorite
part about this specific restaurant is
their bread and their dipping sauce that
oil is so bomb what is that green stuff
that they put in there I know you know
what it is
see I never
I think it might be pesto it tastes like
pasta
well they have little tiny plates in
there as well I think all of them well I
like it I think it is absolutely amazing
and it's fucking torture right now that
I can't eat this
that's your fun it's only Zuzu excuse no
I don't look horrible
want to see I don't think I look more
but I don't think I'm fat but I want to
be shredded it's not my fault I'm just I
just have higher goals for myself it's
self induced torture though I guess it
is you're making yourself feel bad why
don't you cross over and get some bread
oh you fucking devil look at that
fucking smirk um what a horrible friend
but what a good for us today he moved
the best you close it all now I'll need
some if you eat some I'm busy go even no
policies are not yeah I can't I can't
have I fat I can't have sugary drinks
and I can't have the right things what's
the motivation behind this blowjobs
Jessica will not so I think anymore
until I get a six-pack
mine is just more times that she's
missing my photograph at Washington
gravity boy do you dude you're not even
that fat compared to this guy over here
you really are a hat part stick you can
lift up his value with the next so the
Hat the other bill yeah the bill lifted
up and gets it out of your way so I told
Jessica just to use the hat but you
don't want it maybe a helmet cuz I have
my fall off yes should give you blowjobs
with the helmet on yeah you're very
creative a very resourceful I'm Carrie
Joe doesn't take no for an answer he
makes it work I do different radiation
if it's what I do what's right for now
okay that's good
yes uh if the girl says no and you still
continue that is considered rape good
point Joe good point good time that's a
joke ah what is that
Oh linguini and clams okay any white
wine sauce I love it here
and then probably a sausage because I
like this type of shape in your mouth
good at what did you get yours it's bomb
I got a pork chops investor doesn't
bother bone and work up
you what is yours yours it's a it's
fried birthday present me let me just
keep bragging about how they roasted it
fried chicken dude maybe what is it in
this potato roasted chicken no no I with
roasted me no I asked them last time I
told me the way they cook it it's all
that less greasy than frying is that
pressure Friday oh I don't know what
that mean me neither
oh but it fits your macros yeah you
ready plug it in time all right fine we
at work I happy just kidding hey does he
keep putting the chicken right by your
mouth and pulling it out and then you
got the same thing joke all right yes Mr
three Julia you know Eddie coming on and
then TIFF got one of my favorite pastas
here the Southwest pasta has sun sun
dried tomatoes Oh what is it blue corn
chips
yeah B because of these corn oh god it's
good but because of those chips you
don't like it Hannah maybe not like it
because it's too tor di e with pasta and
to me that's like weird it's like live
I was kind of wanting like a cream pasta
which it is but the tortilla chips do it
off for me
Turk look at this beep look at this I
put it like ha ha she's explaining it
I'm like yeah but because of that damn
it what's we can't why are we friends I
told you girl we can't be friends
anymore it's been like a few weeks now I
know I think it needs to change if any
more we don't it's over to keep us warm
the end of our friendship is today
officially filled with far above bitch
ok so livid yeah that's what a bitch
would say why not friends Oh cuz we
don't like the same stuff anymore
we're just different poor girl like
everything that's what that's a friends
do oh we just get each other that's all
we just don't get each other anymore
that's when then you got to wake up
that's what just happened yeah we just
broke
you witnessed it it's my boots here and
I'll have another choice yeah there's
there's separation right here right know
what this South Korea exactly this the
cool table is the not cool table no now
your friends are gonna get over this too
because you guys are gonna believe that
we're really drinking your best friend
or you're probably but here I'll make it
official
I'm kidding for that that means I'm
kidding like it's not true this is all a
joke that's not it's real like what we
were just kidding
and we're kind of just getting caught up
before we start shooting again you get
that stupid I want the know when
ourselves yeah
so start another Channel online I think
like but now I suck at this I don't I
love this part so much the Sun oh I love
the Sun so much I try to walk out here
and just feel the Sun on my body before
I have to go on film again because we're
in here for hours and it's a lot of fun
and it's super amazing but just my body
just craves suns that ever happen to you
guys I know I talk about this all the
time because I'm always indoors in a
fucking pale pill this shit where's our
white I can compare oh I probably blend
in with this wall right now if I didn't
have a head of hair you probably would
never see me I disappear alright we're
gonna film again
you know is funny no other but the vlog
what I'll listen to your story go so um
Jess was like oh shit it's like how come
if you get bad you can't just punch a
pillow or something oh that does not a
warm cat how come you can't just not
pump hit something that doesn't like
mess things up and I have to look at
that you have to fix it or cost money
and it's like I she's like how about
next time you just like get a pillow and
you can punch it as hard as you want as
many times as possible and I'm like but
it's not it's not satisfying you have to
break something that's not supposed to
be broken and it releases that rage it's
that primal instinct to want to smash
something I've fractured my hand doing
that ah that means the force that you
gave to the object that you punched was
not great enough to break it it was the
floor that is the dumbest thing I was
sitting down it was a wood floor I was
sitting down I'm like fuck damn I forgot
if one make you mad he did go the old
fight we had and he made me so fucking
pissed but he blows up so much harder
than I do like in the relationship I was
the one always slamming my phone I was
breaking shit but he goes way harder
than I do so I just fucking I judge lock
up punching story yeah when I was in
college my first year Riverside I hated
that fucking school didn't want to go to
that University but my father told me if
I didn't go to university he was gonna
disown me so my job very angry very
almost learning to not hang out with bad
people so I was going to reevaluate my
life but the problem is that when I went
to college there's these people that
wasn't accustomed to number one white
people oh the way that they had humour
was very Friday I didn't understand it
you know I mean so for example this guy
was just a fucking asshole so there's
this girl named Ellie that was in my
dorm room and we took the same math
class what's that what's that thing that
you take so this is a lecture class and
there's the one after lab yeah lab so we
were mad lab and this dude was trying to
hit on Nelly and she wasn't responding
back so he was saying like Misha to her
and made him cry I told the dude yo he's
a buffer real quick right and the do
says so he goes well you're gonna be my
best friend for the class
he flips his table around and he turned
that he looks at me oh no hassle so I
looked at the dude and I was like you
got to turn the whip fuck away from him
fucking not gas out he goes do it then
so I go no and I fucking full-force
punch this wall and it like so there's
plaster and there's like this much of
plastic of plaster and the plastic so I
didn't know that that was plastic so
when I punched through when I came out I
dislocated these two knuckles and then
there was blood everywhere
so at the bit I sat out and I was like
get the fuck out this guy's before to
fucking kill you
the dude didn't ever came back to class
and he removed and he dropped out of
that class what a little bit then little
did I find anything was it was like
during like Halloween weekend so I went
to my RA cuz I feel I need a like get
some bandages a stuffy she thought it
was a joke no all over the place and
they were looking the next day like the
janitor was asking who bled all over the
floor cuz I got up and I left and those
a blood trail okay if you have any scars
or anything on there well this knuckle
you can see it's like oh shit that's
crazy right here I see this to you
though I was supposed to look like this
these things are all the way down here
oh my god what I hate about the words do
it is like it's usually people yeah it's
like don't test me it's usually people
that think it's not gonna happen cuz
that's the upbringing that they have
yeah
but then do it makes me feel like I just
took cocaine and so whatever anger level
I have yeah it's like ten thousand times
worse and now I'm like five times
stronger than I what I was already doing
for me with them and as soon as I hear
the word oh just do you range out yeah
if I hear the word do it it's like oh
man for me it's not to do I I've never
had anyone tell me do it but for me um
the one that will kill me and that I
have that urge is when I'm serious and
they're laughing at me
yes that's the one like if you want to
set me off really quickly is just just
give me a chuckle I'm like uh-huh it's
the last that makes your getting dry
oh yeah I think I still have a picture
I'll bring it next time of it but my
hand was all fucked up my elbow hurt too
for some reason no no I mark yeah fuck
that she got stuck on the table
my doors broken and I made a big mistake
I learned my lesson because she says
that I have to buy new doors I fix it
immediately was it your fault oh no it's
probably her fault that makes sense it
always is yeah cuz girls aren't the
power to calm me down but the nature is
not - I told her the same thing yeah
yeah all it takes is just I'm sorry
done I was like I gave I said I said
wait I'm gonna yell and then she's like
I have to go to the gym I said I'm
getting madder I said I gotta talk to
you and said that that's fair warning
yeah that's fair warning and she's like
I don't got time for this
Lina she got oh you don't have every
right to get mad boom boom boom boom
boom
wait he's done that to me wee he's like
I'm about to get pissed on my cock buck
alright fight let's talk yeah good luck
we'll see there's a difference between
you and yes
cuz even Muriel knows down to because I
I recently had to go pick her up at the
airport and I'm so naughty I left to the
airport nine I got there by 9:50 cause
it was traffic and then I got to her by
10 I was at the airport for fucking out
so I was living and she was at terminal
6 nobody would let me in and park my car
so I had to go all the way to the taxi
and at terminal seven already pissed
right I'm calm and the taxi guy comes in
I move all the way to the back so taxis
can come in I look at this guy and I'm
like hey man I'm waiting for my she's
running up right now is cool I just and
he goes no fuck you get the fuck out of
the taxi Lane so I'm like what the fuck
you know I'm like screaming at the top
of my lungs and untaek see the taxi guy
stood fuck me and I was like what the
fuck and I just started going off and it
goes like whatever man and he just bleep
scared and so I was fucking livid and
then Muriel comes into the car and um
she goes hey I was like I'm fucking mad
don't touch me
she was then she just chills out yeah
she has to let me cook calm down and I
told her I'm not mad at you but
something bad just happened right now so
you glad let me just be in my space and
then when I was calm everything was cool
that's fair warning yeah no I I think I
learned the hard way cuz I just got
tired of having to fix shit all the time
well then I think in the beginning
you're probably similar probably where
it was like you would challenge it yeah
you would challenge it right but for me
I think the difference is in the
beginning you might have thought of it
as if Bart was telling you it's a threat
but it's not a threat it's hey things
are boiling in me right now and I need
you to stop and we needed like try to
bomb them diplomatic cuz the way I
explained it to her is this I want
dippin's I want diplomacy I'm trying to
be I'm reaching out yeah and you slept
even though it's in mic on my terms
I'm letting you know if this doesn't
work then the nuclear bomb is going off
right now and it's happening in one
second and I have no time to have this
political plane of like no yes no it's
like it's happening it's happening okay
boom because there's even times ramier
are talking and I get so heated to the
point where like like my arms twitch I'm
like oh fuck cuz I can already feel the
natural urge of my hand - why - go
straight to her face oh wow oh shit I'm
about to be a wife beater like I'm gonna
back up 3-step yeah so that way if I fly
towards you you have fair warning hahaha
shit is that true it's not something
that McGuire oh yeah I think I think
it's not something that's that's right
it's definitely wrong because we should
never get out of control like that but
it's like is what we're saying is
helping we do yeah we do have this anger
issue right or that's how we cope with
being in like this situation of fucking
fight-or-flight mode but if we don't get
help while we're asking for help and
then we get out of control it's it's
it's unfair to say
hey you should just control it period
it's like Allah ask to him for help
but you can't just just say Jesus just
control it how I voiced it to her before
it's like you know like when you get a
puppy from the shelter you know they've
been battered so you have this extra
nurture and all that because the way
that I was raised the way that I learned
to express anger and frustration is
probably not normal to current society
so you gotta treat me like I'm a shelter
animal too but when you don't then
that's when like the pit bull goes
fucking crazy you gotta treat me like a
pit bull you gotta treat now there's a
fighting dog and now he's in a regular
home yeah and I'm just trying to lay on
my dog bed and watch TV
so just pet me and treat me nice and
don't get me mad good blockage for you
guys I got it
that only happened to be a miracle once
that like the whole anger to that point
but I was like into some tiger eye hands
just start your fucking body visible but
it was it was like she got me so angry
to the point like I yelled at her for
the first time and I was like this far
from her fucking face but that's how you
know me care because like she was
progressively nudging me to make me
angrier she kept pushing it and then I
was like stop and I told her I don't
want to fight stop this like you need to
stop she goes no I don't want I was like
oh like that and that she was she got
really quiet and so I just went off and
that's the first time she saw me angry
she probably also never been what to do
like you before it's just those people
that that tell you do it that is exactly
what's from version of that but then
what they've experienced is always just
here do it and then just calm down like
that I know I basically I told it was
like at that point I was like I don't
ever want to yell at you like that again
so just know that if you push me to be
this type of person that you and I are
not supposed to be yeah cuz I can never
go back to being that person again cuz I
get scared for myself you don't want to
do we don't want to do that yeah okay we
got to get back to filming
Jess was like
highly believe that you didn't break
walls in all of your other relationships
and I was like oh you wanna bet I don't
have I didn't have those item break any
walls in my last relationship I just
broke up a bit yeah we just didn't check
i'ma tell you good job and we're filming
I was angry but did I break walls did I
do that
no and we're filming and now we're good
finally drawn uh Jake and use and it's
10:40 freakin 6:00 p.m. when we got here
at like 9:40 this is crazy how does
everyone feel I'm tired my eyeballs are
gonna shut like the curtains on the
movie dude Shh Sam talked way all right
what are you gonna do now get food I'm
so hungry low high low high
all right we're gonna go throat now
all right well after a crazy day
Accession we are finally having a late
late dinner and our brains and our
brains are dead you want to say it wants
me for me and I'm
i right
so I'm so busy being a whore all day
than the vagina lips are so fucking
loose
I had to replenish those juices with
great Jack McGee's food let's just
flopping all over the floor like a
wintry sleep pick it up all the dirt and
grime I actually have multiple yeast
infections it turns out part 8-speed so
the only thing that I can do to get
Belov me find him food I'm a horse
fucking all right so I am at home now
took my makeup off I'm in my PJs and I'm
ready to go to bed thank you so much
guys for sticking it through with me
today in my crazy day love you guys so
much for loving me even if you don't
love me I still love you so have a
beautiful rest of your day have a great
day tomorrow until next time good night
all actually killed me
what do they call murder it's called the
black sighs call murder great 187 on the
glutes yeah we did three kind of like
super set like exercises
