well guys my morning ritual coffee my
banana and my water my pre gym ritual
almost every single morning I do the
exact same thing just so uh a lot I
realized a lot of people they told me
like they have a hard time fitting jam
into the morning and I try to listen to
them and figure out why I draw to help
troubleshoot like even in the JK staff
like a lot of the guys are artists so
they're not used to having like a
structured schedule and I think that's
exactly what's preventing them thank you
I think that's exactly what's preventing
them from hitting the goals that they
want like if you don't go to this sleep
go to the sleep if you don't sleep at
the exact the same time every night
then you're not going to be able to wake
up at the exact same time every morning
and if you're not able to wake up at the
exact same time every morning you're not
going to be able to go to the gym the
exact same time every day the next day
and so I think a lot of people they see
the goals that they want to do but they
fail to see that means that they have to
do beforehand and sometimes it's not
just the prep
sometimes you have to prep before the
prep so for example like for example
like a lot of times people they see the
gym and the morning look I gotta go to
the gym and so they think the threat is
setting the alarm clock at 7:00 a.m. but
no the breath is actually sleeping at a
good amount of time or sleeping early
enough where the 7:00 a.m. alarm clock
isn't waking you up abruptly so that's
the prep before the prep but if you want
to be even more responsible and if you
really want to nail it and dial in that
goal you need to prep before the prep
before the prep and for the cut before
the prep before the bread what you gotta
do is possibly around 7:00 or 8:00 p.m.
you already got to start rounded up
we're figuring out honey to the wrap up
your work or your TV or your dinner or
so you can either be in bed at the right
time cause if you're not in bed I could
say you know it takes you an hour to
fall asleep then there's no point and
getting in bed at 12 I'm gonna sleep
it's all one if you're going to sleep at
11 and even get your ass to bed by 10
and this is something that I feel like
so many people they don't realize they
don't realize that to accomplish all we
need a prep developer for the prep and
every single day they only see the prep
which is waking up on time and all these
guys do it who are all these guys able
to just wake up at 7:00 a.m. and it's
because the other guys are so I think
they're it's really important to keep
certain parts of your life as routine as
possible so that you will allow yourself
the freedom to do all the other things
in between those other blocks so for
example for me my more my so for me my
morning routine when it comes to the gym
it's exactly the same right and then my
Monday
Wednesday JK schedule is one the seventh
exactly to see then I have pumpkins for
like 7:00 to 10:00 at night I can do
whatever I want
Tuesday morning if you guys see me have
my breaks I can do whatever I want
Saturday and Sunday I do whatever I want
and during the host events like with all
crazy
that's what I schedule time and hang out
with friends that's what I go shooting
that's what I go watch movies that's
what I want to sleep in those are the
times that I get myself to freedom to do
what I row on I can break all the rules
and the cool thing is because I have
such a structured schedule from Monday
to Friday
I don't even really need to sleep in I'm
pretty much sleeping in every single day
of the week every single day of the week
I aim to be in bed by 11:00 and I'm
usually knocked out by 11:15 so that
gives me a good eight nine hours I don't
even really need this coffee I just get
this confidence because it gives me a
little bit of extra bump so I'm going
ham at the chin I don't even really need
the coffee and so this is exactly what I
feel like has allowed me to be able to
accomplish
all the things a lot done and you know
like in JK I do JK and even with AJ
Gator's just kidding fellas just he was
just kidding party just go for broke I'm
working on
there's the frozen dessert restaurant
thing I'm working on there's barbell
Brigade apparel bar-b-que productions
Marbella Brigade gym there's so many
other things and it's being able to lock
all those things and it just dedicating
time to it that has allowed me to
balance both my entire work life and
still being able to take the pumps now
be able to take my pumps out to visit my
family and do all those things
so for those of you guys were wanting to
accomplish goals it's not enough to just
prep for the goal you gotta prep before
the prep before the prep before the prep
someone sent them to me like a
subscriber oh yeah what are they custom
yeah she's like good custom bedazzle oh
wow
did you put in those cheetah print
yourself okay I'm like that they're
supposed to be a lot more white than
they are right now
what did you guys do for workouts it's
called exercise called murder 187 on the
glutes yeah we did three kind of like
superset like yeah six exercises yeah it
was pretty crazy why you're sweating -
no I am almost beat the sweat coming out
your boy and this is only like less than
10 20 minutes of working hell yeah
movements were all new - like some of
the lunges I attend those what did you
do
we started with split squats which we
did with weight and then jumping with
them so fly like endurance training and
then that we did the walking lunges with
dumbbells and then you throw the
dumbbells after
then the side step-ups was just like a
wide stance that's more but is this a
workout that you usually do it's good I
like to do a lot of uh super setting and
kind of keep me in like the heart rate
up type of stuff how did you handle that
is this something that you usually do or
you listen to it I never do this I'm
super not accustomed to it like my body
was just all wonky because I'm just
trying to figure out what was walking me
like I don't know what does that word
make more imagine yes like it's a lot of
balance yeah I think of candy I think of
wonky oh that's like a good Kenny no I
was definitely off balance I look like a
giraffe that just like like was born you
know when they're really born they could
really not want that's how I felt yeah
some legs I wish I had legs too I went
off the tippy toe I kiss her
I came to work at the office the new
office on a good day today because they
are bringing in the pieces for the just
kidding new set look at this what in the
world is this
just kidding I know it is it's the
window piece that's gonna go in the back
as a background and then behind it we're
gonna have a cityscape to pretend like
Los Angeles is behind us you know how
like all those talk shows they always
have that fake cityscape where like they
pretend like they're in front of a bunch
of buildings but they're not just like a
big picture well we're gonna do some of
that too and look at this the
craftsmanship on this fake brick is
amazing it's not even real it's like a
piece of cardboard and then they put a
plastic piece on and then they molded it
and then they painted it to make it look
like real brick this is awesome look at
this oh my goodness
Oh Mike and look what they're moving now
they're moving a a movie baby blue
cinder block wall this is pretty freakin
amazing there's all these set pieces
that I don't even know what this stuff
is it just looks legit and then we got
Casey over there filming the whole move
process so if you guys want to see the
whole move process go on to JK films cuz
the whole thing's gonna be documented
via our nice new camera
it's called fs5 yeah this is so crazy
cuz um you know like we've been filming
JK news and JK party JK films all in our
old studio the one at Monterey Park for
the longest time right and when we first
moved out of the house into there I
think in like 2010 2011 that was already
a huge step to be able to go from like a
bedroom youtuber from a start-up to have
our first commercial space like that's a
huge deal and then being able to hustle
in there we had a lot of
creative ideas and projects and we were
able to grow the company and now we're
at the point where we need to take the
next step and this next step is beyond
my knowledge like everything that we've
done with Jacob thus far it has been me
Joe geo Casey and everyone in our team
we have single-handedly picked every
single step that we wanted to do you
know like from picking cameras to
lighting to props to art direction all
that stuff has been our involvement and
we made every single call now we're
taking the next step and this next step
is beyond the knowledge that we know
like this stuff right here this stuff is
legit film TV like network studio type
stuff and I don't even know what the
hell those things are called but we just
know that we meet at this we just know
that we needed to take the next step so
we found the right people to make it
happen and it's is so mind-blowing to
see what started off in 2007 with me and
Joe being Uncle Sam uh butch in two
goofballs in a bedroom with a five
megapixel camera
duct tape to a floor lamp because we
could even afford a tripod - now in 2016
and what this has become
isn't that crazy in nine years in nine
years and we went from hobbyists inside
of a bedroom to clowns
part-time going to school full-time
going to school part time being clowns
online - now
full-time having and owning our own
legit studio like that site on the left
that's our studio the right side is
admin like we we are no longer combining
both uses we have two separate locations
for completely different purposes this
is so frickin crazy I can't believe this
holy guacamole
this is amazing let's go inside see
what's going on in there oh cool they're
just erecting it and storing it because
I don't think that are done with the
sound deadening material all can you
hear the sound difference doesn't it
sound amazing in here as soon as we
walked in all the reverb and echoes gone
it's cuz they've been putting the sound
material in here so now it no longer
sounds like a giant empty warehouse
it sounds legit and now Casey's
recording me I'm stealing your sound
byte in case you have a question for you
oh shoot can we talk outside it's loud
in there they're working well you're
working to miss all my we're all working
over here try to get good audio God - is
loud enough so seeing all these changes
like comparing this new office and
studio compared to whoa we've been
working now - for like the past two or
three years like what kind of feelings
and thoughts do you have in your mind
when you kind of just look at the change
and like progress we've been able to
make that's a good question in fact I
don't think I've actually slowed down -
ever think about like the the large jump
from our old office in a new office but
now that you asked me and I'm thinking
about it
it's actually a pretty what's the word
yes airport yeah it feels really uh it's
about to get deep
I think what the first thing comes to
mind is actually how how much we've
grown as people not even the business
side of things is yeah the first thing I
see here is I think back to like the
2010 versions of ourselves yeah I don't
think any of us would have ever imagined
us going into this direction whether it
be moving into this this Plaza having an
office here or even doing the kind of
like set design and we're doing for JK
news I mean it didn't exist then we're
still doing skits back then you know so
I really like all the different like
avenues we've taken in the past couple
years and just thinking back to like the
very humble beginnings yeah working out
you're off you're your home yeah like
it's a humble humble beginnings we have
to deal with allergies every day because
we got two dogs in the house okay yeah I
don't even think about the actual
success and the monetary and like the
overall like growth of channel as I just
see the growth of people and I don't
think those that part or Joe would have
actually made these moves period there
was I think you'd I think you in part
you and Joe would have like yeah fuck
that shit that's Hollywood shit and you
would have done something else you know
but I think we featured as people and
even even I have you know yeah actually
didn't like the talk shows yeah but you
know I kind of see like we had a very
independent artist like selfish
independent artist mind yeah exactly and
I think that knowing that was where we
were at
and see where we're at now I think
that's more amazing than having the
physical manifestation of the sets so do
you feel like because of the change as
people like all of everything else that
we see before us that's kind of like the
result and the aftermath of being able
to change as people yeah I think so mmm
that's deep yeah no it is a lot I think
folks a lot of people they see they they
they see the outside first they see the
materialistic things first
yeah so they just see like oh wow this
guy made more money he bought a Ferrari
or whatever but what they don't see is
like this guy's hustle changed
completely over the last five years his
priorities changed and yeah because of
that he's able to make more and then now
have the Ferrari
but people they always see the outside
first like I won't be surprised at
people they see like like our new
subscribers our new new ones that just
subscribe and 2015-2016 like they came
for totally different reasons than the
original people that yeah like those
guys they might even see the new set
Niblick oh they fuckin made it all it
must be nice to like start off with a
million dollars but it's like no he came
from the beginning yeah and then we had
to change as people and that's that's
pretty cool that cuz I now with the team
that we have like I've told a lot of
people this where I guess it kind of
does like go back to what you're saying
as people I feel like having the dream
team my dream teams win championships
Yeah right like you don't need to have a
Kobe and LeBron and and all on the same
team you just need to have a good team
with chemistry and even if you - it
exploded and like let's say we have to
become a wedding video out of it for a
company I actually feel like our team we
would kill it in that if you were to
shoot commercials I think we would kill
it in that like whatever we did because
it's such a dope team we can move on
from Jonathan Jonathan John rely think
would just kill it
so not only do people have to change
like individually I think we also have
the change in the same direction yes
team - that's really cool
have you ever been so focused on a
project or so in the zone that you don't
realize anything that's going on around
you or with your body and then all of a
sudden a few hours later it hits you and
you're fucking hungry as shit that's
what happened with me in case you right
now so mean Casey we're working on the
film and we were super in the zone five
and out throwing ideas back and forth
and we're getting a really good flow
going and right when we wrapped up all
right cool
that's a good place to stop and let's
reconvene on our next meeting and then
we looked at each other and we're like
fuck I'm fucking hungry I share right
now so we're gonna get some food but I
love those because I love them when
you're able to like tap into that some
people they call it like that flow zone
where you know people they get it from
runner's high or when they're working
out there in the zone or whatever
they're doing like they're so focused
that this other subconscious part takes
over and then before you know it you're
so productive and you get like three
four hours of work done and then you
look back and you're like oh sure where
was I
that's crazy I just felt like my body
was on autopilot and I loved those
because that that makes me feel that's
what I'm really in tune with my work you
know like when you're kind of have to
like force yourself and drag yourself to
do something and you're aware of what's
going on every single step of the way
sometimes you dread it you know you're
like oh man I gotta clean my room damn
in your picking up
being at a time and a desk gotta take
out the trash but the once you get the
flow going then boom or vacuuming wiping
curtains down changing the sheets and in
like three four hours later you look at
your room they're like damn that shit is
hella clean and smells fresh in here and
the sun's coming in I love when it gets
to that point but I always feel like
that initial like something the
beginning before you get into the flow
zone that's the hard part and that's the
part where I think it defeats so many
people were they want to do something by
you know what I'm gonna paint this I'm
gonna wash my car for all those New
Year's resolutions that they have and
want to go to the gym or whatever and
then as soon as they start it just
becomes like this huge task and they're
like oh shit fuck it but the good thing
is like I just want important things
when I feel like it's so important to
find a passion of course having the
passion makes that initial hump so much
more enjoyable so for example me and
Casey we can't wait to meet on the
feature and even though we know every
single task that we have at the
beginning of the meeting we're doing our
songs alright next I'm going to do this
the task is usually really hard it's
usually whatever we get stuck on this
time but the fact that the overlying
theme is a big passion of ours it drives
us that much more you know and like I
feel like the same thing goes with like
a lot of our editors anyone oh when I
was writing to like I was like oh fuck
we got to write a script and we've got
to write today but then it's still
better than being like someone that
collects porter pies a porta potti is
like no no offense to people that do
collect porta potties out there and have
to clean them but any like super
blue-collared hardcore job any job that
you have like in a creative side in my
opinion it fits me better it's gonna be
better and that's tough to beat what the
hell's wrong with this button
in the world okay
damn that machine did not want to give
me my ticket I was crazy yeah like every
every job out there I feel like that
taps into your strengths or whatever you
want it's a blessing it's beautiful it's
a blessing to be able to do what you
like to do and because of that it helps
you over combat hump if you're doing
something that's your passion I feel
like that's so important but you got so
much more progress on the future film
today I'm really excited I don't know if
I told you guys this before but we
actually had to go back and actually I
think I did yeah talked about in another
vlog where we had to go back and
completely scratch our idea because we
met with a veteran writer and she writes
for the Wayans brothers and she has like
a bunch of scripts that she wrote that's
like and feature films and even TV shows
reality TV shows all my stuff and she
came down and she kind of critiqued our
script and her idea when I should have
put our idea and brainstorm and it had a
lot of holes and it's not creative
preferences like I can get it they're
like oh you know I don't really like
orange like blue it's not that it's
there's creative rules that you have to
obey and then we broke some of them so
me in case it went back and we're kind
of starting from scratch again but but
because of that we immediately started
but but because of that we immediately
started with those holes and addressed
those holes so that with this new idea
we're not gonna have the same mistakes
so we're kind of starting with the hard
part I think with the other feature film
we're starting with the fun stuff
wouldn't it be cool with this wouldn't
be cool with that we're adding all the
ingredients are the one that's fun but
then the underlined like skeleton
structure which is kind of like the
boring parts of making a feature we were
waiting until the end and it's almost
like if you're writing an essay you
start writing what you want to write
about first and then you create the
outline for the essay and that's wrong
then you're gonna find out there's a lot
of holes in your essay so for us we uh
we decided to go back do the hard stuff
first the brainstorming the structure
the outline and then after we got all
that stuff down and taken care of then
we can add all the fun stuff but the
structure the outline now is looking way
better than before and I feel like after
we have a solid outline and we give this
to the script person that we have
there's gonna be way less holes so I'm
really happy with the productivity that
we had today in the zone and now I'm
super hungry so coming to Honda yeah and
get some yummy yummy food no no no I
didn't know I thought it'd be him it's
not about him all right I already have
his answer I want yours
