I'm at the office today nobody's here
yet and the office see a bunch of holes
everywhere and I am prepping for JK
party and prepping entails me playing
some games and then just making sure I
have all the elements that I need so I
just finished my foods and it's really
crazy because um since I'm tracking now
like I just crave food even less I feel
like um as it is eating for me is
already a task I know for some people
you guys get hangry um or you guys just
can't focus until you eat but for me
like picking out what to eat and where
to go get it I'm just like uh it's such
a task like like I know I need food for
survival duh and of course these are um
first world problems um but I it's just
I don't know maybe I just need to suck
it the fuck up and something a little
bitch but I I just forget to eat I just
don't want to eat so um now that I'm
tracking it just so having that
mentality and then now that I'm tracking
um having to think like okay wait I need
to fill these numbers like I want food
even less so I got McDonald's um they're
egg white to like is it's super macro
friendly and it's really filling and as
soon as we start filming I don't have
any time to eat because I'm like running
the whole thing so um it keeps me full
until we wrap it which is around five
but yeah right no longer alone Ryan oh
good morning hello and Sean are here
what do you guys usually do today
or right now we usually set up a party
and then once we're done
setting out usually to get food despite
it being eleven o'clock most of us are
just like it's still breakfast time so
and who started who came up with the
mandate concept you know don't call it a
team effort it's a mandate Amanda that's
not so officially scary oh you guys owe
me 10 G's
oh boy that Mandy like a mandate
mandatory what's a mandatory mandate cuz
you guys never miss your mandates that's
true because we're all really pretty
hungry and we like hanging out with each
other Gio never comes against play with
us they call me hey cuz I come here like
at 8:00 in the morning to Pratt and I
get food early so but I would I find is
cute is that you guys always plan your
mandate I'm like a knight like okay what
are we gonna eat
oh I know Jim so a little half the
factory I think it just started with I
think it was Brandon right you're
Brandon started asking like so where
were you because we've seen it I hop
like every week and then it was just
like oh Jesus after like enough weeks of
this is like rhodius double yeah they're
just like oh this is too much I thought
we need a different place so even like
trying to go to different places you
guys are so cute you guys like literally
planet like who do you guys text each
other in the night no more texts so yeah
we do we like hey so we're going
tomorrow no it's usually like oh she's
wrong but more by the branch I visit but
more importantly where we go eating mmm
is that what he says is that what
Brandon says yeah he's only here for the
food I mean he's you know home but
important that's true the mandate I get
it I'm just a little jealous I don't go
on these mandates that's all I mean
you're always invited yeah we always ask
you on me I know you guys kind of gave
up on me already you guys just bounce
now you're like this holy company want
to come eat do you wanna come eat yeah
I get it no I get you don't have to ask
anymore I get it all right I'll see you
guys later
no more or assing please speak of the
devil
hold on it's too bright out there yeah
when does the SB Choi I heard you the
ringleader for the mandates that you
guys have it didn't come out no they
said that in your group me that you're
you're like oh yeah JK pshew tomorrow
most importantly though are we gonna
eating yeah but anyway I was just giving
him shit cuz you guys have mandates and
I don't go that's all just feels like oh
no I don't feel less well I do but I get
it I get it
oh damn no to go yeah I need to bring it
no no that's not the I'm here at 8:00 in
the morning prepping and then I get food
so then but time you guys get here I'm
phool that's all
whatever naked bleep all right see you
guys in a bit all right so this is
Ryan's car and has a black car look at
how clean he keeps his car look at how
much of a shitty car owner and there's
like this thick layer of brown because I
never wash my car I'm just gonna assume
that Ryan keeps his car parked in a
garage that'll make me feel like less of
a shitty car owner right that's what
I'll tell myself all right
so I am at Rolf's now just trying to
pick up
last-minute props for today's shoot and
I'm looking for a flat pan which I think
this making it oh no it's not flood
enough
this might be it
this works two of these I'm down with it
and if that doesn't work I've got a
raise the stakes because they have to
roll some eggs on it and it's got to be
a risk of them dropping it and making a
mess on the floor
I think this will do it because it's
flat yeah I think this works alright so
I got that and I need like a million
cups oh well they don't have a million
what they have a hundred so that works
right here hunter cup sucka
well he's round they are round right so
I hate when they're like this weird edge
I can get this work
sweet red pups check alright so here's
my list of things lips that I need but
you can't see shit there it is there's a
list of things that I need got it
I can always spray-paint it can't get
that here and you got here can't get
that here could get it here could get it
here so I just need these two things and
I'm doing it this bitch just up I
thought that's all I needed but I looked
at my list again and I actually need
eggs stickers lip hauler I'm an idiot so
my favorite part about being in a
grocery stores that I never look at the
signs to see those signs well actually
there's one right above my head see
these signs
it tells you what to expect any child
but I kind of like living on the wild
side and I just like taking a wild guess
so I need a lint roller and this aisle
looked kind of promising but now I'm not
even sure anymore so let the guessing
games begin
got my favorite on ever you guessed it
did it uh my least favourite candy by
the way except pick up the last of the
things that I needed that I can buy here
at this grocery store and the last item
ones eggs right here and I opted to get
six because in this challenge there's
six players each one of us needs an egg
and I always feel so bad I feel so bad
when I have to waste food so just me
having to do this challenge and
potentially breaking or losing one of
these eggs and wasting it it kind of
breaks my heart seriously so I'm just
like so appreciative
of any of the parts or things that
animals produce for us and I hate that I
have to do this so it's one of the
things that I'm torn about
thank you little eggs so left the
grocery market and now I'm at a local
shop called do you see that called Daiso
and i'd like really cool inexpensive
things imported from japan and
everything here's about a dollar so it's
very reasonably priced the quality's
whatever but what do you expect when
you're paying a dollar or less so um I
thought this was the best bang for the
buck now I gotta get now I gotta get the
last few items that I need before I go
back to the office so there's other
things that they have I'm looking for
some stickers and these look like it's a
pretty good size you have to roll it
over an egg and then put it on but I
feel like this might be more of a
challenge you see look at these pencils
at the other store was five dollars here
it's only $1 it's just a pencil you
can't go wrong with that all right so I
think I have everything I need
I've got cups pencils paper bags and I'm
going to cut down to size this is for a
dirty laundry because we do get dirty on
JK if you haven't noticed I think I'm
gonna head out now I think that's it I'm
on their makeup I'll have so much stuff
it's ridiculous they have everything you
can think of here all right guys all
done it picking up whatever props I
needed to get thank you so much for
keeping me company now I'm going back to
the office all right just going to do
some prepping now the hard stuff I'm
actually living up to Shawn beat us all
that shit I'm just organizing it or it's
here now so I can't really talk about
too much what we're gonna do because I
really do like the element of surprise
when I see everyone's faces and I feel
like you guys also enjoy it so I'm gonna
try to be discreet about everything
because it's right over here
right there
he's usually late but for the past month
now he's actually been on time and this
time around he's about like three
minutes early so I'm pretty impressive
that at the preparations begin all right
so I'm done look at this everyone's here
now it's a tiff Josh
hmm Bart whoo yeah oh yeah no reflection
what is that fucked up chopstick I just
opened it this is damned walks was
trying to kill you and now it's time for
me to put on my makeup just actually
gonna be late so I ain't tripping
because anytime fit all my makeup
weights measured maybe you don't want to
smash a girlfriend you want to smash a
girl that's hot so you trying to smash
you're trying to get a girlfriend
he's trying to you know I'm not behind
snow white sick what you gotta make you
can decide shit yeah but here's a
girlfriend
no she's Raziel she's Brazilian you know
justice listen truth what's the truth no
you don't drop her name's no so she's
been amis yeah no for real oh yeah
I mean amis half Peskin real so so
where's this where these rumors coming
around Bobby yeah Ryan what are you
spreading rumors
nothing rumor a man I'm just going on
with you said what did he want on what
did he say josh is like awesome talking
to this girl like oh way no you guys man
I'm not trying to know what you know
I'm trying to do nothing to move off one
in minute he doesn't talk about his
personally has come to us yeah we yeah I
was best friends what are you designer
friendship we are friends who your best
friend then ooh oh yeah your shoes
favorites
oh yeah who is your best friend
alright guys
babe can you explain your shoes so we're
playing this game where we had to put an
egg on a train we have to get all the
stickers but to protect the carpet from
getting smashed by milk
we had trash bags but the problem with
that is if the yolk land on the floor
it's going to destroy your shoes so we
have to go barefoot but the problem with
that is that for going barefoot on the
trash bags gonna stick so I came up with
the genius invention of chanclas how do
they look like gladiator shoes and it
can help fan people say like oh cool
tips looks just comfortable you're all
worn out exercising him alright so we
just finished playing of a handful of
games for JK party how do you feel I
feel exhausted why do you feel exhausted
energy drained cuz we were just so
pumped we're just trying to make sure
the Josh wouldn't do the thing that he
will do and he did it oh you got joshed
wood which is what so we were in the
lightning round sudden-death we had to
choose one team player opening up steam
you guys chose Julia smart choice us
Bart was choosing me but then josh is
like no no I got this don't even trip I
got it we're like okay you're you're way
over confident with all right you go
ahead so what the game was we put an egg
in the middle and you had to like
balance it and try to get all these
stickers to stick on the egg and
freaking Josh of course he chopped the
egg and we're like what happened it that
you got it it was like and then he was
like calm down
calm down Josh go to really not joshed
have no recollection of those things you
have no recollection you need people
connected do you recollect yeah
collection res Maliki's so what happened
tell your side of the story Josh I know
I know you know yourself better than
anyone else alright so I'll tell you the
honest part the honest tell me the
honest c'mon
yeah so we're all playing at who's
ascendant on and I said hey except you
should probably go up but then to what
do you mean
so then tip was like no job no look in
the camera cuz then it's gonna be we're
gonna think you're lying I'm not lying
okay so then tip is like Josh you should
go up I believe in you had the other
most confidence you see that's where
you're lying because everyone knows
Tiffany bullies you know she would it so
this day she's fitted no Tiffany she hat
the team I looked in her into her eyes
and it seemed as though she had a lot of
confidence in me so I was like you know
what with your confidence and with Bart
cheering me on
of course I'm just gonna step up and you
know own up to the field run up to the
plate so yeah I've got Brandon you're
not impressing me what did I ever chair
you want anyways back to the real story
is making up stories anyways back to
real story so I'm looking at Julia and I
shake Julia's hand I say Julia may the
best person win a bit low so afterwards
no while I'm trying to like juggle the
egg make sure it doesn't fall off sadly
I notice Julia is about her eggs about
to fall so you know courageous me I make
sure that she has all your eyes on me so
high kinda like tilt my egg a little bit
forward that way she's all done and then
I'll bring my egg back but my egg falls
though sadly of enemies and that's
because you were trying to save Julia
yeah cuz on
who are you you are the biggest liar
ever I can't believe you spent three
minutes explaining this lie Josh isn't
it the feet that's it just admit it
no you see you see I am a supportive
friend but Julia she's like just I don't
know what's coming up what's come over
you and why are you why why am I getting
all this we hold online well you're
saying you're the supportive friend who
was the person that walked into the
pokey store and cut in front of a
long-ass line to be like hey buddy I
didn't see you here and like can you
help me in the food and I like Josh
you're cutting but then you want as a
good friend I was like you know what let
me place the order for you Josh right
now I took the key that's right yeah
such fire such lies such a lie sirens
Tiff's had a good snap idea so I'm just
gonna Jack her can you sing it yeah okay
he said like a wild we're gonna work
work work work work work work work in
another work what your stomach's not as
big as Bart's I'm trying to expand it
you don't have to be there hey I think I
strip some piss out right there yeah
that's play all right we're gonna play
now this that's what I've been a girl's
though alright just wrap JK party and I
am completely spent right now I'm so
exhausted um but it was fun
GSN see it's always fun and games
especially because it's literally games
and it's fun because I'm with all my
friends and people that I absolutely
adore so that was that's always a plus
but now I am gonna grab some food but
I'm not even trying to lie why it's
actually grabbing the food for us so I'm
going to head home change my clothes and
get ready for my barbell meetings I'm so
boring I really am
all right so it's just part of the day
where I get to unwind and start wrapping
up my night
um Bart has one last meeting that's
about to wrap up pretty soon um and this
is part of the day now where him and I
get to be a couple because um it's
pretty funny cuz although we've lived
together like I'm sure we've said this
in nine times you don't really get to
see much of each other and um lately
it's been less and less because just you
know we're handling so many different
departments that really don't cross so
the only times I really do get to see
him is one more filming or if like we're
pitching an idea for Jake Kane he liked
him and Jo need to prove it or if him
and I have a big meeting about barbel
and in the future of barbell rather than
that we don't really hang out much um
and it's okay
I'm really comfortable and confident in
the type of relationship that we have
because I mean we're way past that
honeymoon phase where it's like you know
you guys have to check in with each
other all the time and reassure each
other you know like this does he love me
does she love me why isn't he thinking
about me well what hasn't he texting me
or you know does she even miss me like
you know she's never really trying to
check in and see if I'm okay or any of
that like we've been there we've done
that and it's a lot of fun
don't get me wrong in and if you're in
that phase right now in your
relationship then I say dude please like
relish those moments cherish them take
advantage of that um and and don't get
me wrong I'm not saying that you know
things just die down and and that spark
dies or that passion that you guys have
in the beginning like that's all gone no
I feel like you
kind of just change and you evolve and
the love that you guys share now and
express to mourning one another actually
becomes a lot more different so instead
of you know constantly checking up on
each other via text or call or not that
again not that there's anything wrong
with that now it becomes a little bit
deeper and it's more like you don't
check in as often but when you do it's
very heartfelt and it's it's very real
so it's more things like hey babe or hey
honey have you eaten so that's kind of
like checking in and making sure that
you're you know you're taking care of
your nutrition and your you know your
belly is happy and and you're healthy
and um you know that you have fuel so
that you can continue on working how you
work and and I feel like that's that's a
way deeper connection um and don't get
my words twisted either I feel like I
mean you guys see how Bart and I are
like we're constantly being like super
cute and super lovey and I feel like
that takes a lot of breaking down of
walls you know like I feel like a lot of
us we put up these walls to give a
certain perception of of who we are to
the world but when it comes to our
significant other um some of us and this
was me in the past don't know how to
bring those down and I feel like when
you can be vulnerable with each other
and kind of be cutesy and make little
baby talk I mean everyone expresses
their love differently like I'm just
using my own personal experience here as
an example but um when I'm all like
cutesy and and bear talk with you know
with Bart I really feel like and I'm
completely emotionally bare and naked
with him and I have no fronts and
nothing to hide and and no walls to hide
behind and it's it's very comforting if
those really really really really
really cool so when I have moments like
this or days like this or even weeks or
months like this where you know we're
not the closest and we don't see each
other the most it's okay it's fine
because I feel like you know Bart did a
great job of you know always showing me
how much he loves me and how important I
am in his life and you know that he's a
very goal-driven person with such such a
smart brain and and all his priorities
are straight so I never feel like I'm
not number one in his book or like not
number one in his life so yeah like
Bart's been killing it at the hub's game
for sure like I don't question his love
so although you know we we live such
crazy lives I know that when we do get
back together that it's like it's like
we never missed a beat it's really
fucking cool and I have my best friend
and we can bond and we can laugh and we
can share you know things that we
learned while we were apart and we bring
it back and then we become twice as
smart because it's like now we don't
have to do the research because our
other partner did it for us and they
share their knowledge with us and look
at that we just became super fuckin
smart together so it's really really
freaking cool but I'm not going to lie I
definitely miss them at night like at
night is designated bear time for sure
so it's getting close to that missing
pablor our better getting his ass here
quick
popper
I heard a lot of noises on now what's
going on nothing I'm just making sure
that all the bubble wraps fits the
packages properly don't like a lot of
bubble wraps are big popped in there
yeah there's a lot of packages I'm
packaging right now are you sure your
bubble wraps aren't gonna rip yeah how
come it smells funny I'm having a lot of
funny smelling things welcome your pants
are off honey but the vents on the funny
things smell funny on the packages
hmm where're they going why are you
packing so much someone's gotta do a job
around here but what are you packing all
the stuff that's all in here where is it
gonna go once you package it gonna go to
the shipping station who's gonna take it
there the freakin delivery people do you
believe him
are you less please me we don't believe
you I think there's more going on in
there listen are you sure oh no
something fishy's going on there's
nothing wrong has packaging fine
you guys believe he was packing stuff I
don't believe it
I don't believe it
font
bricky you hear it too mom
I think there's a raccoon and that's
what she keeps looking at their fawns
are a coon all right
reunited and feel so good
don't move or you're at open your mouth
and stick your tongue out
pretend like you're licking a bone
because it looks like you're licking a
bone
well kind of popper is this bedtime
level is it bed ding I'm jealous what
the fuck
what who squeeze your boobs like that no
no don't do that
yeah don't show your face dance will
hold you like a female I don't even have
that cleavage yeah you do that's true I
paid for mine though yeah you've got
really nice pecs can almost go fine I'll
see you later so Oh
why Sarah I don't know you were here
sorry no I saw Bart's pecs and I got so
distracted we're thinking about getting
some frozen yogurt real quick do you
want frozen yogurt or a snack Hey
yeah Mac must've film or no we're gonna
go I don't even know whatever is closed
you know what's crazy by uh you're not
gonna cutting so I don't have a six-pack
but I have lines in my back
that's it equal three six Tigers TV yeah
but those lines new or six times there's
lines in my fat eye stomach so weird
there is lines what the fuck it's like
it's uh even on fucking hell a fatter
you can tell you're obese you're like
huge hella fat right now but like huge
your EQ I have lines in my fast
you're not huge you're very attractive
keeps hitting my foot gonna get y'all a
bit yeah let's do it
rolling yogurt Froyo bozo what the hell
what where are we I know what this China
Chinese roads all over there is this
cocaine fat choy now what's this open
this is only if not joy give me a human
ball so we're actually at Yogurtland
because somebody needed to fill macros
and he dragged poor Sarah alone I need
yogurt how do you know us damn well
you're in my vlog so say hi yeah thank
you
uh yeah that'll be cool thank you
dang that VIP treatment though not
really
all these toppings
can't go with you anywhere I wish I
should I try rocket pop sorbet chocolate
Twilight fresh strawberry mango
pistachio
usually a plain plain tart type of
person let me see what's over here what
you did you try
yes
that's not good
you give me some salted caramel yeah I
think I get blood samples some joke's on
you your line just kidding I love you yo
girl and girl
well that's so much I just need a little
shackles in one go drop
let's try this one
fiancee
take it easy talking John sample
so Chinese dude
are you gonna post your blog so Sarah's
been blogging are you gonna post your
blog's anywhere I'm waiting Oh start
filing nice nice who's editing your
stuff
Jeremy climb strong huge dam tool that's
what I'm talking about yes tight yeah my
sponsor right here
but yeah yes
all right so you just let us know and
our army is ready was this okay
- yo turtle floss
and if a turtle's awesome all right I'm
just gonna stick to the this guy right
here
Oh Alvin trying to add us on his snap
but you know what
Alvin is in my vlog he's hooking it up
like a true homie
cuz when he lives and he gave me a pink
spoon I'm a lady
Thank You album for treating us like for
treating us so nice so I opted for the
plain yogurt with some strawberries
mango and of course my sugar addicted
ass how to get some sour worms and gummy
bears I'm the worst
okay that comb washed my face thanks to
all of you guys who actually responded
to my video well mainly all of you
ladies who are giving me your skin care
product and all the different makeup
removers you guys use those things
freaking Rock I think the best one you
guys told me about was the towel that
you just wetting it removes all your
makeup
now for the favorite part of my night
papa bear can you please do me the
honest one this is my favorite part
right here
why is your favorite part cuz I took you
in one way and Papa tucks me in another
way
oh we're gonna walk outside I don't know
if you always do jerk like things just
like Dean what do we do with all this
crap on the bed I know why what the hell
you were so sweet I'm still sweet damn
dog big dog we got how many months
pregnant are you
none didn't get so ripped and sexy I
can't wait la la la la la habra I was
telling them how we don't spend that
much time together except for nighttime
cuz it's designated bail time yeah I
love that guy a little bit he's so cute
just answer and I was saying that poppet
did a really good job creating a really
solid foundation for us
um that I never I mean I obviously miss
you but it never really gets to me that
we're not always together I mean cuz we
understand what each other is like art
what's on our plate so we never get like
oh you don't spend enough time with me
you don't miss me while you check in
with me
you don't agree you do say those things
to me sometimes barely we go we have a
split but that's after how many months
of July - don't lie now I knew it
why do you always have to make me look
bad I don't like you I just tailed truth
you promises the truth yes
you swear just when was the last time I
said you don't spend time with me
um the other time and then so I started
making out what of it
what other time what other time look
back on our Instagram when we went
hiking that was last month and then well
because last weekend we had a friend's
birthday so things change but then no
wasn't last month it was like two weeks
ago
no that was a different one because we
that's not the same reason twice already
that's no and it's not because I'm is
look I was trying to be cute I was
giving you credit and you're you're
busting all these lies and now we're
having a disagreement or come up you're
not cute I was giving you our sink Papa
created a dull foundation and now you
made my whole vlog look bad because I
spent like ten minutes talking about
that and now you said in two days I say
that what no you're looking at it from
negative view that means that's how much
you know you need no shit but yes I how
you presented it you presented it to say
that my statement was false no yes
that's how you presented it as I was it
yeah are you did I promise I was trying
to point it out that someone misses
someone up-to-date fuck no well that's
the ones not me oh thank you
thank you whoever's up there taking care
of me
karma oh no well anyway so me I don't
know now my night comes to an end and
this guy fucked up my saying and you
guys heard all the nice things I said
about him and all he did was just he
couldn't wait to make me look bad no I
didn't know when you took it the wrong
way you win I laid out an objective fact
which is after two
you asked me how come we don't spend
enough time so you could have told me
what so then you're single two days ago
so you think Friday I said this to me
you could have I don't even know what
day today it took the negative routed it
fuck whatever two days ago could have
took the negative route and say oh you
make me look bad or if you take the
positive route which is oh you're saying
that I miss you I do miss you a lot hell
no it's gross is it a problem no I took
the real route I'm not trying to be
gross you're gross
well you still afraid blanket on it
because of me no because nobody loves me
so I gotta keep the fur on myself oh I
put it all over you I don't know if they
know that we sleep with two blankets but
we do I took it off for you because no
one else would take it off freeze always
take it off free from in there cuz I'm
lazy I know and I take care of you ruin
such a magical moment alright guys thank
you so much for spending the day with me
good night good night Oh get off me get
off me I hate this get off me
you smell bad mmm
and he was wearing my shoes black or
white or 11 and she was looking for me
and no no I didn't know I thought it'd
be more fun come on muffin all put it
back on there dick is that hot water or
maybe that's what he wants
Oh Mindy it's not about him all right
I already have his answer I want yours
