baby it hey can I get three artisan
grilled chicken sandwiches please how we
going
yes please and would you like our you
can roll with bill chicken yes and no
sauce please
alright no sauce no yes depends on which
one you want because of Oliver for
making maple bacon or your left
can I get it deluxe with no sauce please
ma'am no ma'am yes tomato onion that's
fine
oh yeah just no male piece
whatever help me or anything yes all
right thank you
okay go ahead thank you thank you almost
all there see that so I'm at that
drive-thru and McDonald's right now
because I just finished mashing a
workout laughter silly it's all the way
around the workout smashed me I'm
fucking I'm tired my end of the workout
with some cardio which I'm not used to
right now cuz I'm a fat boy at my best
performing weight work with the best
athletic performance I was about 180 185
I'm 228 right now so I'm 50 pounds over
that out on top of that I grew up with
asthma so it's not completely cured in
me so I was just huffing and puffing but
it is my choice the ball can get fat so
if I want to get ripped lean and strong
and back to my old athletic ways then I
got to put in the work so I'm not
complaining like I am and whine like a
little bitch but I'm still getting the
work done so don't judge me but I am
kind of running a little bit late
because one thing I forgot is oh I get
to show you guys the progress on the new
office but we're actually meeting at the
new office today and I forgot to take
that into account
so the new office is about 10 minutes
further away from my house then where
the old offices and so I'm running a
little bit late I still got shower and
all that stuff but I gotta pay now
I pay here okay cool
you're welcome yes
thank you you too so yeah I'm running a
little bit late I gotta go home and I
don't even know if I have time a shower
maybe I could just rinse all their
showers at the new office which is
really cool
you got those custom-made just because
we know how our lifestyle is you're
probably going to be training and then
going straight there and then on days I
wish you Jake a party sometimes we get
really messy we have to take a shower
which is one of the reasons why we got
custom-made showers you have three
showers at the office of just awesome
but I still gotta pack soap and stuff so
it might actually be best I don't want
to lag on people so actually might be
best for me to just go home grab my
laptop and my shower and supplies and
then go straight to the office yes
that's what I was originally when I was
thinking is I'm not gonna go home shower
drink my protein shake but then I'm a
lag on people
whereas what I probably should do is
just go home grab my stuff go over there
and at least I'm there on time and then
in between usually there's like breaks
in between my meetings I think not got a
quick 15 minute shower that's what i'ma
do I'm a grandma foo go over there and
double dick dildo everything but I can't
wait to show you guys the new office so
stay tuned I made it just in the nick of
time and yes that's Joe's car behind me
so I packed everything that I needed I
have to use my briefcase and the reason
I'm using a briefcase I think you guys
seen this in the old JK video a while
back is um the backpack that I bought I
actually really really like and because
of that I want to model our new barbell
Brigade backpacks off of it so we're
dissecting it see the material and to
see how it's made and to see what makes
it really cool so that way when we start
planning our own backpacks we have a
good model to base it off of and so
that's how warm up or my backpack is and
now I have to use my briefcase which I
still think is hella cool that I bought
from five bucks out of yard sale and I
got my food with me so got everything
ready to go on
time and there's something about this
lighting that makes all the cars look
hella at they look at Joe's car Bam Bam
Bam Bam Bam
and yeah so now it's time to walk to the
office this might be the first time
where I brought you guys along to the
new office where we're actually working
and we're not just watching and
observing stuff but the new office isn't
completely set up yet which is why
you'll see like plastic tables and stuff
because I was still waiting for
furniture to come in they're going to
come in one more time just clean
everything up it's held upright right
now I have to change the camera settings
because it was way too bright and
everything got blown out but what I was
saying was uh so we're getting cleanest
to come in one more time I'm so fat
amount of breath array what they give
the cleaners to come in one more time
because because of a construction
there's so much dust and it's so chalky
that even when we just leave furniture
in there and no one comes to the office
for a week everything is covered by dust
so we have one more cleaning session and
then we should be clean enough to be up
and running and ready to go so I'm
really excited even though we don't have
all the furniture inside our office it's
still really refreshing to just work in
there because we truly outgrew our old
place and we have like all these
satellite meetings going on and I can
overhear everyone else's meetings like
there's a JK party meeting taking a
camera meeting me and KC's feature film
meeting Jo and Michael's business
meeting was just too many meetings going
on at the same time and we're all like
disrupting each other but this place we
have so much room
ah we don't have to so here we are
oh cool putting in the stainless steel
appliances today whoo so this is the
front that's the last time you guys seen
that you probably haven't seen all these
wooden planks or anything on it yet they
put on these new lights give it that
industrial feel
I hear people talking people talking
people talking here yeah no I did it
damn smells hella Mexican in here
I brought my clothes to take a shower
here well let me buy a briefcase down
real quick and my food I did not see the
soundproofing
oh yeah wiper but one more time there's
a lot of dust there's so much dust on
her but wow sounds ok Oh crazy
oh no it's for sure it's this ok so
before you can tell it's this drywall so
this is like super reverb ii where like
people talk to hear the sound bounce off
the walls this is the sound material
where if you talk it absorbs it so it
already sounds way better in here yeah
this is the same soundproof room we saw
at that one warehousing studio
oh they're professionals that's all you
guys are professionals so are we that's
all guys trouble oh that's true that's
true you don't have to be a good
professional but you are a professional
sorry yeah so nice yeah sounds way
better in here what the heck are all
those things on the ceilings to help
secure the same material but to put on
the ceiling zoom finish and they're
gonna put the pipe is this way mmm the
what oh cool does it get a local TV
stations oh um yeah they're gonna put
the piping here and then that way we can
it's like a grid system so you can hang
all our lights and stuff I always tell
you guys that you guys get first dibs no
one else is looking at this stuff you
guys have seen it every step of the way
I'm so excited I like share this if you
guys that's pretty true yeah no one else
is here cuz I'm the only one that's been
doing this stuff you guys have husbands
behavior I see it well in you but yeah
it sounds amazing now it sounds way
better Wow
there's barely any reverb in here now
some remember a long time ago we shot um
the name-brand shirt music video we had
the Lambo yes and then at that studio
they had this material all over the wall
yeah and I'm like oh shit that's dope
and then now like five years later we
have our own walls full of insta quilt
how do you say is how you say yeah
that's fucking cool
and I'm also sweating balls right now
Wow because I was walking and talking
and I finished my Fat Boy workout so
we're gonna go back to the other side
where we actually do that meetings and
admin stuff this is just where we're
gonna film is a cool contraption I don't
even know what it is
so right now we're waiting to jump on a
phone conference with our manager Jesse
but since we don't have anything set up
in the office yet
we're in Michaels office which is also
doubling as a storage room right now who
have nowhere else to put this stuff and
there's Mike over here
I mean this great Louie Vuitton chair
you know which I'm probably gonna have
to get rid of at some point just because
it doesn't really fit my taste but right
now it is comfortable enough to sitting
and there was like a fake Burberry
cover it's a really fake I don't know
how to describe other than really fake
this is one of the things that pissed us
off with interior designer whereas she
painted one vision for us and we thought
it was going to be like a super rustic
industrial place and then she comes up
with this freaking believe Vuitton chair
that doesn't match it at all but anyways
this is our conference call station we
have a little speakerphone that's
connected to Bluetooth waiting for Jesse
to call but for some reason he's not
picking up it's probably too busy
banging girls on tinder and this is the
rest of the room right now we have a lot
of cool decorations but it's not mounted
yet just cuz we're still waiting for
everything to come in oh look at that
clock there's a map behind that clock
that's pretty cool so we're just waiting
for the rest of the stuff to come in so
that geo can go around and decorate the
rest of the place but uh these lights
pretty bright so yeah so we're just
waiting for the phone call waiting for
Jesse to come and this is kind of like
the progress of
the new office the doors are done which
are pretty sick they uh it's actually
raw wood and then they custom finished
in they made it look like it was aged
and beat up and it's like a glass
sliding door circle Shh
and then we got a I gotta show you those
lights those lights are pretty cool so
our light panels right here turn on all
these lights oops
and uh okay and the lights don't work
for some reason he gets this one ah
there we go
BAM look at that light all right so
here's the difference no light light and
it makes it look like a old-school
railroad station and we have all the
lights on in here
and Byron geo and KC are working right
now oh this is one cool thing that that
Aaron thought of that is the most rudest
staff ever oh my goodness give me that
you're looking at my pinky yeah can you
read me this is what if I wrote smaller
I could read it but this is a Aaron's
idea where instead of using a whiteboard
we use like this piece of metal which I
thought is pretty cool has to the look
of it and this is not our permanent
tables the actual conference table we're
gonna get it's going to be a poker table
and we're gonna double it's gonna be an
actual functioning casino poker table
but we're gonna double it as a
conference table okay I'm not gonna
bother them anymore and in here Joe is
getting something custom done it's super
custom I can't even talk to you guys
about it cuz it's his idea but this is
my room and I got everything painted
white I'm gonna put a pretty dope desk
here and the gold I'm trying to achieve
with my room I want to go with a very
minimalist
yet still raw industrial feel because
the outside
the office is so dark I wanted to
completely contrast that that way when I
go into every single room at the bar
ballroom the hallways everywhere it has
a completely different feel and go check
this stuff so low light switch right
here but what's cool is I got actual
film lights in here BAM
so even at night it's gonna look like
it's daytime and so that way the vlogs
look really really nice these are like
film lights for sets but I got them as
my actual working lights and yeah I
can't wait slowly
finally coming together or not when
they're painting actually told not to
paint the pipes to because I like the
contrast same thing with the AC duct
they're about to paint this white and
that white but I like the contrast and
it's going to match the desk once it
comes in so this is kind of a progress
you guys already saw what the barbell
Brigade talkshow looks like because you
guys are subscribed to barbell brigade I
hope and watch the talk shows and this
is a current setup jess is working right
now everything is just plastic
collapsible tables collapsible chairs
because nothing is permanent but uh what
the hell is Jesse what amber well is to
go on so jesse is taking forever which
is why I'm going to reschedule the
meeting with them because if you got a
bunch of other meetings you have to do
and I can't just stand by all day
hopefully uh we'll be able to get our
weekly schedule in because every Monday
at 1:00 we kind of meet to reconvene on
the status of everything we're working
on like films TV shows endorsements
brand deals all kinds of stuff
lot of stuff don't but I'm going to take
a shower and I'm the first one to take a
shower is not cool so this is one of the
showers on the set side and they just
finished whoo so I'm going to ready put
some soap in there and I'm going to be
the first one we don't even have a bench
or anything a plane anything anywhere
yet let me choose that for now put my
stuff right here and I brought soap but
um I didn't we use a salt bath shampoo
too because I wasn't trying to be fancy
I don't want to bring too much shit
because eventually we're going to get
lockers - I'm gonna put the lockers
right here and then that way I have my
entire hygiene stuff my toothbrush and
everything but in the meantime I'm just
gonna have to get the stuff out of the
bag I do have a towel my normal
showering necessitates put my towel here
there's nowhere else to hang towels and
I do have a new bar of soap somewhere
huh doctor tada so oh I like dial by the
way I know a DJ Khaled likes dove but I
like dial because it is a antibacterial
soap and it's a deodorizer and since I
work out at Ranelagh I want to make sure
my body smells fresh and clean so I go
down another one you changed a lot we
don't best bless up you boy so I just
finished a creative meeting with Joe
Michael Casey Jill Byron and now it's me
and Casey's turn to work on the feature
film
and I'm going to work in my office just
so I can get a better feel for it and
see what else I need to put in here to
make it functional and make it feel good
but just coming in here from that dark
room it already feels like I got a
second lens oh well I might even try to
plan out my workflow where during the
day I work out there and if when I need
like a caffeine boost but without
thinking caffeine I could just come in
here and say all bright my eyes already
feel like what do you want it oh cool
I'm a neighbor - hey neighbor how's it
going buddy oh that's good then cool
nice to not have friendly neighbors and
see what everyone else is doing this is
talking with Michael and geo is locking
up the set sigh babe are you going
you're going home right now were you
gonna do over there cuz they're last I
got to prep tomorrow not too much he's
just going over how do you like the way
the office is turning out cool I just
wish I had more time so that I can
finish it all in one day do you have any
plans for what your desk in your corner
is gonna look like I've been thinking so
much about big picture that I hadn't
even thought about my own stuff you're
good at putting stuff together last
minute too though so you don't have to
worry about you don't worry about that
stuff all you have really good taste
I've seen you just pull stuff out of
your ass and it's really good Thanks
what do you mean I give you compliments
like every day I think you talk more
shit than you get compliments
yeah but the shit is just to you know a
flirt a little bit here and there
well whoever taught you how to flirt got
you the wrong way that's why you flirt
are you sure yes
are you sure when I talk to you your
vagina doesn't get wet
it never gets wet it's drier dry so if
you have a period and I talk shit to you
than I hear just that's awesome so I
could just help you every time ever
period or it actually gets heavier it
gets heavier yeah it makes me sad and
more than just loosens up my muscles and
your smoked blood all I heard was
decision suits pretty bullying didn't
see water these days you know uh David's
president of Yvonne came in oh yeah yeah
tell him I didn't open it I just poke a
little hole in the envelope and I saw
this orange box and I was like Nike
already know the studies across me yeah
I think is gonna be excited whenever you
do you want to give it to him yeah on
Wednesday Wednesday what's going on
Wednesday well I see him at the gym why
don't I give it to him on on oh yeah
let's give it on Wednesday you could use
it Wednesday so I'll bring it to the gym
I'm gonna get some Wednesday okay okay
drive safe my back the cuny okay bye bye
loser
what well I've been someone call my name
what Michael Michael Angela huh uh no
I'm getting it on next Monday Oh do you
want to get a money order oh yes I am
paying my new wife you want to get free
well TIFF told me about it but I'm
scared of getting I stuff for free why
well she's gonna do this
so you can see like how do you feel
about that but I'm getting ICL I'm not
getting LASIK oh yeah
so I CL it's um it's called I think
interchangeable-lens no no it's not
that's what the cameras it's what it is
they cut a hole lay the flap just like
LASIK but instead they insert a little
lens in front of your current lens and
it's the same treatment that they give
glaucoma patients you know when glaucoma
patients our eyes get all cloudy it's
the same thing
so it's reversible which is why I
thought it was cool cuz like if the
surgery goes wrong they can take the
lens out and I could still get LASIK but
if you get LASIK they already a laser it
into your cornea and it's irreversible
and it says my eyes are really bad
that's what they recommend and they're
like like David I think he has both he
has a both ICL because after they did
that he still had a really bad
stigmatism so then they had to go in and
then put the LASIK to make sure
everything's smooth yeah I make sense
yeah it's like a qualify for LASIK like
basically you can't have too bad but I'm
assured yeah yeah it's really really bad
yeah I went I went to another place call
I think dr. Wallace and like Beverly
Hills and he said he could do he said he
could do LASIK for me but then I went to
the place that I went to more recently
and I really liked their service yeah
thanks for the offer though yeah that's
awesome that tip is getting free LASIK
self she was even on the market for she
just received the authorizer she's like
bucket yeah what I be down for is if you
guys ever getting offers for this if
they have any surgeries that can make
you three inches taller
during brand deals for those I'm hella
down for those you don't really meet all
right don't they put a spacer in your
shins yeah they're force together like
break your legs in or your sweat
literally it really if it breaks
something in the ablative like a space
ring which we you know to make you
longer
Jessica it's like a really painful doing
process after that no I think it's like
banned in America to really you know
it's really going Mexico or China or
something
I wouldn't I wouldn't do a part of I was
it I won't do it then that's a what do
Mexicans and Chinese have in common
illegal surgeries yeah
this is crazy we are witnessing the
demolition of the sixth Street bridge so
I heard about this demolition and I
heard the reason they were taking it
down is because back in the day
when they built these bridges the codes
weren't as strict so there are some like
danger hazards but I heard of it I just
never thought that it would actually be
taking it down like this way like the
end of a Transformers movie when robots
are being crashed into buildings because
this looks freakin nuts they're this
giant crane oh my goodness just see the
concrete just falling down and you see
all the wider framework being busted
open this is freaking nuts can't believe
this
dead bull
fighting and then the whole like
shipyard that they're in oh yeah debris
like that hard it's crazy that that's
literally what's happening there they're
just knocking that shit down in the
middle of LA
holy guacamole dan the concrete's
falling down it's not crazy Chris can't
believe it our office like we went from
like thinking about projects and like
just like menial tasks in the office
walking on there's like that to look at
I know it's like all of a sudden what in
the world this is crazy
me in case we're just walking just to
get some coffee to re-energize ourselves
and then we come out and we see one of
the most historic bridges in LA being
taken down and there's a random glove
here for no reason
it that's la la is so crazy like we have
our building which is relatively pretty
nice for I guess 3 2016 standards but
now right across from it they just
rebuilt and repurpose this building it's
probably even nicer I wish it was up and
running we're really about leased this
place
that's life right like wine when you buy
the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 7 comes out
and then you sell your iPhone 6 to get
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 8 comes out and
like we just always playing catch-up I
guess but this building's hella nice
though
holy crap I like your age like for
elevated 3 2016 and then 2016 at the
moment turn 23 lovely people I think
it's because we've been leasing I've
been trying to build this place out for
a year so to my knowledge like the whole
real estate search when we're on the
market was pre 2016 and so now it's like
okay fine we signed the lease
everything's under construction we've
been out of control over six months and
then you get stuff like this it's
completely brand new but the heading is
happening and now we're taking down that
bridge and that bridge is probably be
more brand new but we didn't sign the
lease at the wish that's okay oh there's
one day I was coming in to film like
like her for office getting like cleaned
up and stuff yeah and I'm going to get
to our office though because every like
four four bucks radius yeah from our
office it was closed off
that's what they're planning oh why
can't I get to our office and and it's
because we're taking the bridge down
it's down there at they're planning from
like two weeks ago oh that's so crazy so
this is the first time we're both me in
case I believe have taken to these
streets as pedestrians just get a feel
of the neighborhood because usually in
downtown we drive on all the time so
we'll see what we have to encounter so
far I've noticed that there's like a
place that is either a construction lot
for construction vehicles or rental
property or something I don't know and
then there's that bridge that bridge I
know has been there hopefully they don't
take it down we need that now we've come
across another lot full of ice cream
trucks wouldn't have seen this if I
drove not that it really changed my life
very much and here is one of the famous
la bridges with the la street lamp
and you'll always see like photographers
and models just kick it right here like
you have a model right here the
photographer will take a picture with
the LA cityscape in the back that's what
they call landscape with the city but it
looks pretty nice and there's a pretty
nice parking lot over here pretty cool
and this is just down from my office
over there sometimes it's nice to walk
around and just oh no I lost Casey oh
shit I was recording and he just ran up
but sometimes it's pretty nice to just
walk around get a feel of the city
because you'll get a different view than
from driving around focus and that's
focused oh look at that bridge nice cars
Wow look at a car you won't see cars if
you weren't walking and below this
bridge is the famous LA River which is
kind of fake it's not even a real river
but you always see people take pictures
down there - it's pretty iconic you
should take it out on the back some of
the movies they've actually shot here is
a gone in 60 seconds they have a Eleanor
racing through the LA River as
helicopters are following her start
Nicolas Cage and you have this little
railroad track I always like symmetrical
patterns it looks pretty dope but I'm
out of breath again is I'm so fat
cityscape you oh thank goodness Katie
waited for me
I was telling them about the LA River
and how everyone uses it it's a pretty
like iconic shot driving straight down
right yeah there's a bunch of other
movies my LA and then like there's stuff
that was on chasing John Connor yeah he
was on a motorcycle and using like that
a big truck yeah that's all down here it
does look like it Center right outside
the Arts District one thing that of the
Arts District LA in particular is really
known for is just walls and walls of
graffiti so they have all kinds of
graffiti like everywhere almost every
wall that you walk by I'll be done up
and it's like high quality graffiti -
it's not the kind that you find that
like a bootleg gas station or a random
liquor store it's stuff that's done by a
quality artist which is really cool so
if you ever come down to arts district
or even Little Tokyo you'll see a lot of
graffiti just like an entire wall and I
believe they're Commission because no
one else really comes by and paints over
it you know there's no graffiti battle
it's just like legit pieces of art and
it looks really really dope it's not
graffiti now you'll see that looks like
like that or like that or like that
although they do exist in LA that's not
the graffiti walls that la is known for
their know for like the really high
quality stuff Oh tight this is probably
an old school fire station that's now
converted into a loft a lot of the old
school buildings in LA that have been
abandoned or it's not in use anymore
what they'll do is they'll turn it into
lofts or creative business places so it
can be repurposed and it retains the
character of old-school LA but now has a
new purpose so inside here are either
artist's business owners or people
living in there or it's just a new
whorehouse or something over here is one
of the most famous restaurants in La Paz
dia they do like Italian French fusion
style and it takes a long time to be
able to get a table here because a
waiting list is like three to six months
and if you guys watched one of the older
blocks Gio actually set up my birthday
dinner over there because it was Davis
recommendation this is really good so I
don't know how but Gio miraculously was
able to
huge table there to fit like all 20 of
the fence check out that blog if you
want to check out the food that served
it I have my bone marrow yaki um clam
linguini all kinds of bomb stuff we're
hearing up we made it to Stumptown
coffee roasters ma bear what are you
doing in the kitchen you little weasel
yeah surprise what some new pots and
pans no I'm washing this lid because I'm
gonna be dinner what I know I'm sipping
on my wife game no way no I didn't slap
him for such a long time yeah so I know
why are you gonna cook that new hello
fresh package that came in yeah I'm so
excited so it's like you said hello
fresh and it hit us up cuz they like our
vlogs yeah I saw the email yeah so it's
kind of a cool coincidence because I've
been booking or I've been telling myself
gee oh you gotta eat better you gotta
get out there any F they learn how to
freaking cook over food yeah I want to
be a mommy exactly so it could have been
more perfect timing so on when I saw
like the varieties and stuff that they
have so they have things for people that
want fit options or they want or they
have things for people that want quick
options or a variation so a variety pack
um because we're trying to look mean and
sexy um I picked fit package oh that
means all the meals that we're going to
prepare for that week is going to be
under 650 calories that is awesome yeah
that was super cool and it's a
kid so it's not like a prepared meal
that's like frozen or like cremate or
whatever that you you have to heat it up
yeah I read that it's fresh that there's
like whole vegetables and yeah so I was
like dude that's really cool so they
send you all the specific ingredients
that you need to make that particular
meal watch I'll show you which one are
we gonna yeah I saw a big box a huge ass
okay what's that pizza do it in there
this is not ours this level right here
is on a game so you can ignore that even
though I wish oh three meals came in
this one yeah so I wish I couldn't
ignore that frickin pizza but it comes
like this super freaking cool see which
flavor are we gonna choose talk about it
because I feel like you're a big
freaking diva
so oh okay so it's kind of cool because
it's a little bit dummy proof so it
tells you here tomato ripe of garlic in
red mm-hmm chopped chicken salad in
green no salad okay Frank a pan-seared
pork and yellow and there's a many of
year that course barns what all the
colors I know so the green one is shop
um another cool thing that I thought was
really interesting is that these only
take like ten minutes so if you look
here it says ten minutes to prepare 30
minutes total for it so that's pretty
fast you could just get on some TV show
and if you just cook something right and
it's and it's all of these so I think I
want a big I already kind of had my my
decision made before you came in second
kind of eyeballing it and I've been
wanting pasta I don't know ooh I'm
thinking beef
leave Oh 90% that's pretty good right
something beef and I love my barley so I
want
open it up oh my god are you looking for
a freaking knife I can't you don't even
know where anything is in this kitchen
okay anyway let's move on okay this one
gets stuck now and you could open that
with your finger out no but I wanted to
the x-men cut so check it out so it'll
snaps I know right absolutely right
isn't that freaking cool so now I feel
like I went to the supermarket and I
feel super cool and I'm going to like
start taking pictures with everywhere
anything I really know how to cook but I
really don't know how to cook but it's
cool because here it tells me step by
step what I need to do it's pretty much
a supermarket you know was that onion
yeah supermarket in a box onion what's
that
Italian crushed Tomatoes oh my goodness
I'm gonna make look at this straight-up
garlic yeah already peeled that's one of
the hardest parts is it oh yeah it is
crazy
damn cool what's that black thing
remember soy sauce the soy sauce for oh
maybe it's like a Asian dish I'm gonna
learn today are you gonna learn I'm
going on shredded Parmesan no no no what
I thought was um but I really like about
this whole process yes that it's kind of
teaching me how to cook and not
necessarily like Oh like I make my own
dishes but it's teaching me like how to
cut things it's teaching me terminology
because I know that there's a lot of
cooking terms I like I remember could
live long that she would tell me certain
things I forgot the words cuz I don't
cook but do you know what a fool a is
that's what I'm talking about I think
it's a cut isn't it the way you cut
something no I made that word up oh you
freaking way um yeah it is like how dope
is that you know what's kind of cool
about this I did more so than the actual
like the cutting and the techniques and
the terms of learning how to touch not
touch cook it's just knowing what
flavors go well so now like when you
when you're like are more familiar with
like let's say a tomato zucchini
and now you know that soy sauce you're
like okay that that goes well together
so if you want to be creative and make
your own dishes later on yeah walk
through the process of what yes yummy
not so it's
mommy training is that spaghetti yeah
bring her this awesome yeah and then
look it's only six ounces
everything's already pre-measured I love
that that is freakin shredded possum
dude you know what's even more awesome
so these guys like us so much that they
want to pass a deal on to you guys so if
you guys go to hello fresh calm and you
sign up for your first order you get 40
bucks off $40 off your first order you
can save a lot of money on food with 40
bucks because food is the number one
expense for I think most people after
their house and if you don't want a
house then straight up your car or food
so this is gonna help out this is worth
it this is so cool like I've done Oh
what are those things a meal prep I've
done all that stuff and after a while
like not like not trying to offend
anyone that does no prepping like so
much respect to you guys but I get so
tired of eating the same thing over and
over and over and over and over again
but like being able to select the dishes
that I want to eat and just thinking of
the flavors that I want for that week is
so cool to me and the fact that someone
that like me that kind of wants to start
learning how to cook now I have a
opportunity now to just play around with
it and not waste any food so I'm just
like really freaking stoked that this
service is around like honestly the part
that really astonishes me the most is
the fact that a freakin zucchini came in
the damn box I know what's in these
other ones do look at this there's an
avocado in an onion that is so cool I
haven't even opened it yet it's a
supermarket in a boy a freaking red
pepper in there
wool oh there's an unpeeled potato in
this one and slowly more I feel like
such a peeping tom what do you got on
everything I know I saw
and he was wearing my shoes black or
white your 11 and she was looking for me
no no no I didn't know I thought it'd be
more fun come on mouthing off spit it
back on there dick is that hot
