what's wrong with you David what do you
mean why are you pretending like a dead
David stop pretending no the workouts
feel really good I was already awake
thirty I just couldn't get out of bed
it's like in the morning I like 10m I
think you invented that Khalid was like
now I'm not coming back I thought he
played pro basketball internationally
he's always working out when he was like
18 though oh so that means he needs to
get back in shape too then
cuz you know what the thing is like it's
funny cuz during the workout you he was
smashing yeah and he was running the
suicides that goes nothing yeah he was
good he could have done the full four
and then after we got into the car and
we got I would give this a cup of coffee
did I do I didn't throw up I'm getting
dizzy this was like me started shaking I
think he's trying to trying to make you
feel better I think he was trying to be
strong for me yeah he couldn't go to
work you know that while you
his boss sets him home because he
couldn't function yeah all right I'm not
even kidding you ruin him you couldn't
get a movie that isn't just to come or
he's not used to it I was watching the
Khalif doing box jumps and it's crazy
cuz most people and they jump on the box
after tuck the knees up to make space
you just jump straight on to the box
with his knees straight
it's like he's jumping on a fucking
sidewalk yeah looks like but he has the
Box on the highest the highest height he
goes yeah this is what we did in
basketball so when he did a circuit
she's cool at the circus but that I
don't think he was he hasn't worked out
in a long-ass time like that yeah always
works out and it takes you to like when
he works out though he works out very
slow looking very like on pace like to
the point was kind of like I think he's
a very blessed human being too he has
great genetics it's hard for me to look
hot and inside you got this thing I
believe in you no no we just have like
six weeks left so brave with for like
he'll be like come on David that feeling
he's like this
my buddy great I'm already dying would
you do you kill a dead person every time
I walk in he's about to be finished who
do you think will win in a fight babe
you or David so you're saying just
goodies that man he could beat you up
yeah so you think you say so you think
all men could beat you up then you're
gonna be helpless then who do you see
Jim public hood he's strong fighting is
not only strength but actually the
instinct to kill yes I don't have that
you know that's need to kill then where
did all your meanness come from it just
fake instinct to kill joy sound really
mean like when something happens like
you know I know what you're saying it's
like let's say we do JK news right and
then there's like a like a mom that
abused her child like that fucking bitch
I would kill her so when you say that
yeah yeah I would you know that instinct
the kill thing is so true cuz when I was
younger and all the homie told me that
the reason why I lose fights is because
I'm not trying to kill them I'm worried
about what's gonna happen if I do hurt
them too much that I don't go balls-out
yeah because you have to fight like
you're trying to kill them because if
not you're always gonna lose
that's how you win yeah you have to do
what the other guys not willing to do so
you're saying that when you when you
hear those Jay King news stories and you
wanna like kill the bad guys when other
people fuck with you you don't have the
same type of Drive it depends how they
fuck with me you know what I mean like I
feel like a lot of the fucking with me
won't really get me to that level but if
they're fucking with things I'm
passionate about then that's when I
probably do
turn it on if you want to see her fight
you just got a pop a baby in her pussy
and make sure that she has a kid then
women become aggressive because they
need to protect Tiger comes up don't
fuck with my baby and then they fight is
that true fucking cute asleep he's
thinking is that true I don't know I've
never had a kid but I would assume so
yeah I mean cuz I feel like I'm you've
never been in a fight either I feel like
that like with any of you guys like if
some sure were to happen like I'd
probably be like what the fuck
so if you if you saw like the rock
beating my ass in the corner you would
come out and say yeah if he's beating
your ass
look we're even if I'm not gonna be like
what's happening I feel like can't off
him and then after it's done instead I
feel like okay why was he beating your
ass what did you do or what did he do
he's jealous of all the subscribers I
have he has more than you I know we do
we figure out okay was anything the
whole time complain the whole time I'm
the only one lucky lady
I'm the only that my stomach hurt you're
complaining I'm the fucking time I not
that you to front to you when were that
one time I fucking stabbed with a
stomach with a fucking cattle stick it
possible I have a six-pack
I will be Zubat
I am so tired I'm actually uh sleeping
in the front office right now and I got
my sleeping kit I have my little Sun
blocker for the eyes it's really light
so it doesn't press against my eyeballs
have my pillow and then I got my blanket
I don't know what's going on like
yesterday I slept a good eight hours but
I woke up this morning like I could have
slept it another hour too and usually
eight hours it really restores me but it
could be the workouts are getting
tougher so I need more time to rest or
they're just more challenging things in
my life like like both both barbell and
JK stuff where I just requires more
mental power and so by the end of the
day my mind and my body is just
completely exhausted we're just gonna
take more time for for everything
recover I always admire like people like
PD
you only need to sleep like an hour - or
day or like there's a lot of people to
handle a lot of big stuff they take care
of a lot of things and they only need a
few hours of sleep at night like four
hours some people and they can work out
really hard and they can like work on
their businesses but for me I really
need my sleep I don't know what it is
like now that I've been sleeping eight
hours and I still feel tired just I have
to perform on camera I'm thinking man
maybe next time I should sleep nine
hours and I think the lesson here it's
it's the lesson is um at least that I
learn is you're not supposed to compare
yourself with others because you know
everyone needs different things like
some people they need to eat a little
bit some people need to eat a lot and
the important thing is knowing what you
need to produce the results that you
want so for me like if I want to be a
hundred percent sharp and and be able to
make sound decisions for all of my
businesses and also perform now on
camera I'm gonna sleep nine hours
I also don't like that artificial up you
know how like sometimes like you only
sleep a few hours you wake up and then
you're like fuck I'm fucking exhausted
oh you know what I'll do I'll get my
caffeine fix like that to me it's like
an artificial up like anything that is
temporary like that it's not sustainable
but if you get a good ass night's full
of rest like the whole day or just
powered up and you're charged and that's
usually what I try to get after what I
try to get for that natural this is what
my body is capable of naturally you know
I don't want to depend on anything which
is why I'm even though after I ate I
could have easily just gotten coffee and
you know still been able to perform but
I'm like you know what I have some time
right now I'm gonna just knock out for a
good 15 minutes and feel energized
I'm not completely reenergized but I do
feel way better than I felt earlier so
that I'm just gonna get up I did buy a
coffee too just in case
um I wasn't completely naturally
energized but now I know I'm gonna start
aiming for nine hours of sleep a night
and that should really put me back on
track I don't know what's going on but
man I am talking exhausted like I
haven't been sleeping for two days
for the record and I and first the guy
he spit on my ass and I was like okay
I've had that happen before and I'm like
okay with that like it's a little bit
weird he's feisty he's getting it like
lubed up whatever I'm into it and and
then he flips me over and he's fucking
me and he's looking me
