back at it again with the McDonald's but
this time it's the artisan grilled
chicken sandwich back on a diet so when
I'm on the diet you guys know I go to
McDonald's and I always get the artisan
grilled chicken sandwich comes with this
artisan bun and then I get my daily
veggies my tomatoes my onions I tell
them no sauce and then I get the chicken
breasts right here and this bad boy is
actually pretty lean I forgot how many
grams of fat this whole thing has but
it's between three and six so if I put
two of them down that's like under 15
grams of fat with over 60 or 70 grams of
protein I forgot but how I flavor it is
I use ketchup because ketchup is just
sugar and just add some carbs but it's
fat-free and that's my biggest concern
when I'm on a diet is keeping my fats
low which is why I can also have a coke
with extra ice lid on so yes McDonald's
does come and clutch for me when I do
need to get my diet food and I want to
drive through like when I'm in a rush
nothing beats McDonald's I wish all the
other companies that I go to like wobba
grill or the pokey place that I go to I
wish all of those guys have drive
throughs but they don't so when I am in
a rush I can count on McDonald to get me
some relatively healthy food very
quickly so McDonald's I didn't give up
on being one of your sponsors if you
want to sponsor me now is the time so
I'm back on a diet I'm not gonna be even
Taco Bell for a while so if you want to
sponsor me please
what'd you have for lunch Mon Pere um I
haven't had
yet um but in the morning I had a
reduced-fat turkey sandwich from s bucks
and then I have a skinny um
caramel is that sound I'm chatting it's
a caramel latte
what skinny mean uh reduced fat so they
use reduced fat milk or nonfat milk oh
cool no they call it skinny are you on a
diet - I am I'm tracking my macros
because um it's really pudgy well it's
pudgy right so it's pudgy so look this
is really fat no no it's not really fat
it's blue not like you see all this like
cottage cheese eNOS oh my god I know
let's discuss that but it's gone so I
want to lean out but I also want to
build lunch
dang why you want to choke someone out
and I don't eat enough protein in a date
oh gosh this chair doesn't have a whip I
don't eat enough protein in a day to
feed my muscles yeah so I just looked
very puny there's like nothing here did
you eat your protein requirements
yesterday I sure did my proteins kind of
low right now I think since I've just
came back after like a five month hiatus
um he just kind of wants to gauge where
my metabolisms at so that he can steer
it to make it fast and and efficient
again so are you determined this time
I'm pretty determined are you back with
a vengeance uh yeah I feel really
sluggish um I don't feel I don't feel
like I'm at like I'm performing at my
like optimum so you're trying to be a
limp iam porn star
in like 12 weeks right start oh yeah
like that right you want to look hot as
fuck but you also want to be weeks you
also want to be a Xena Warrior Princess
I want to be mainly the Xena Warrior
Princess she's got a chunky though oh
she's buff okay well leaner than that
cuz if you want to be a porn star
Olympian that's pretty tight I can get
you there in 12 weeks if you give me
your all I will give you my all and I
will make sure I program well for you
guys only to stay on a diet and I can
clearly tell you're no longer paying
attention I'm ready if I say my
different given my honest and my diet
you can give you there so you're not
gonna have any fucking days anymore no
you promise yes no more fucking days
like ah
fuck it already did this or uh fuck it's
this guy's birthday like I already
fucked him oh fuck it at someone's
wedding fuck up once I'm like oh shit my
first meal I fucked up I got it just
diversity you're the one that like I
fucked up the first time whoa are you
gonna stop eating candy yes I mean I can
make it fit though it's still a car but
I need a fillip car that's not healthy
though I'm healthy it's bad for you
yes candy what do you know about dieting
Josh get out of my face hey I'm just
kidding
no because it's Jake a party day I could
already tell that the battle is settling
Josh Bert Wow yeah all right the game
josh has the upper hand what I need to
put him I mean at least advantageous
positions is it cuz he has to write
funny phrases no cuz it's a game cuz he
killed it at that one game and this is a
game that oh my
computer game no it's not a computer
game but he has the upper hand so you
better be nice because he's on your team
fuck yeah
yeah so back at your face okay are you
gonna be super dedicated this time cuz
we got you on camera you can't be
fucking around you can't be having no
fucking days or anything like me I
already took a picture of my progress
what are you gonna take weekly weekly
yeah I already have my first picture it
doesn't look very good I'm so proud of
you Thanks
you wanna see it no we just finished
playing a bunch of games for JK party
and I'm pretty tired I think I lost my
voice cuz we're just screaming and
yelling we played on the first game we
play it is called keep talking or else
people explode or the bombs gonna blow
up or something like that but it's a
computer game where um one group has to
be on one side and they're looking at
these modules on a computer and you have
to defuse them but they don't have any
of instructions so there's a black
curtain that we put up and then the
other team has all the instructions to
decipher what the other person is
looking at but they don't know what
they're looking at and they have to yell
instructions and have to yell at each
other back and forth and keep talking
and
Munich ate for them to defuse the bomb
and that's such a high intense game that
we were just yelling
we started miscommunicating we started
misunderstanding each other so what are
you talking about the top left with a
bomb
whatever whatever and through these
communication games that's when I
realized fuck I should have paid way
more attention in English class and
everything that you learn in elementary
school junior high high school people do
say that it's not applicable to anything
else in real life but it actually is and
here's a point me and Josh we were
Josh's on the bomb I'm on the side with
Curtis and we're trying to defuse the
bomb and he started going it's on the
second row it's on the second row from
left to right and then I'm like wait row
from left to right Rose go top-down like
Rose are like this so you can layer Rose
up and below like on top of them below
each other
but you can't establish row and then
another rope as a row is my definition
pretty much infinite like if you pull up
like Excel spreadsheet row number two it
goes like ABCDEF z CC double X Y triple
Z like it goes all the way down right
and I'm like do you mean column cuz
columns goes this way and you can have
them stagger left to right and it'll
yeah column and then at that split
second I was like oh shit all these
fucking terms that you learn whether
it's in math or social studies or
English at the time they're like why do
I need to know the difference between
rows and columns but then later on when
you're in an emergency situation whether
it's nine one one situation or you're
trying to just communicate with
coworkers or if you're on a game show
like just getting party we have to
communicate with each other knowing the
same terms and knowing the specific
meaning of those terms it's gonna help
you communicate and be a lot more
concise with their words and also
articulate better and I notices now to
just by like doing a lot of
collaborations with other fitness
youtubers like you've seen Charlie's
amoral
from caffeine and kilos come on the
bottle brigade show working with Sam
Mike Omari Soph mark bell and what I
realized the best coaches and I've seen
in fitness they're the ones that can
explain a very grand idea with very few
words and a very simple easy to digest
concept like if you watch on the bottle
brigade Channel this is one way teaches
me snatches and the whole way through
like he's I've never snatched before and
because of the way he's able to break it
down into layman's terms I'm just like
picking it all up and a lot of people in
the comments are like you know I learned
more from Charlie than I did in the
whole semester in school and that's how
I felt too because after just watching
it and just kind of even though I was in
the video I mean we watching over and
over the way he's able to speak and
break it down and make it such a logical
digestible manner I finished the whole
35 minute minute video like that and I'm
like oh sure those 30 minutes he's so
good so I'm like damn I really wish like
in school they emphasize how useful it
is to actually know these words instead
of it's making you memorize you know a
lot of times in school you're just like
hey you got to know this you got to know
that and in there like why do I got a
notice and note that I never really tell
you they just tell you got to know these
things but now on Jackie party freakin
like 10 15 years later now that I'm out
of high school I'm like oh should have
paid more attention but the cool thing
is not to pass that on to you guys and
later on to my kids you know okay a lot
of these things you may not see it if
you have a good teacher they'll probably
tell you how it is beneficial but a lot
of these things you can actually use and
apply to the real life later on which is
pretty awesome little Epiphany I hat
while playing just kidding party today
but are now I'm pretty tired from just
all that exertion and got to get some
food real quick I think I only have
about an hour before I have to start my
barbell Brigade meeting I have a series
on today a barbell Brigade productions I
got to help some of that barbell Brigade
IG social media team write some funny
videos and then I have
Jim Bartleby edge in meeting and then we
have a barbell Brigade ambassadors
meeting because we are developing an
ambassadors program so um for those you
guys who are interested become an
ambassador we're looking for highly
qualified individuals and hit ups arrow
on IG he is gym manager and he is also
the one that's going to be the point of
contact and developing these
relationships so if that's what you're
interested in our highly qualified
individual and we're looking for
mutually beneficial relationships like a
lot at times but I also notice too is um
people that hit up companies I've seen
people help people like yo can you
sponsor me I got 200 followers and I'm
the strongest guy by school but it's
like dude you hit Mikey like how are we
going to benefit Nike so you gotta find
a advice to I guess you are looking for
sponsorships you gotta find and pick a
mutually beneficial relationship you
can't just hit up like if you a
busted-ass guy with no job
you can't hit up the hottest girl in the
world that also has that also happens to
own like three companies like I'm not
gonna offer her you know so you got to
be realistic and got to be mutually
beneficial which is why you always kind
of see companies and the athletes a
sponsor they're kind of the same level
you know I mean like um for example
Kathryn and kilos or buddy Charlie's
tomorrow he has a lot of Olympic
potential qualifying athletes because
his stuff is carried on bro calm carry
on body don't calm it's an
internationally recognized brand same
thing as our body silent Mike and Mark
Bell with super training and slingshot
like they sponsor some of the top guys
because they're breaking World Records
in their equipment and they have the
following of their own and they're an
authority in the industry so they have
something that they can offer so if you
guys are looking for sponsorships
whether you guys are um trying to be a
pro skater or if you want to be a pro
filmmaker director basketball player
like there's a reason why it's like Nike
LeBron James Nike Kobe
they have a mutually beneficial
relationship and that's where I should
start a build now it's the sponsorship
Ambassador Program so if you feel like
you can really develop yourself and
offer barbel Brigade so uh if you if you
fly you can actually offer bar Brigade
something and there's a good mutually
beneficial relationship there hit ups
arrow on his IG and you can probably
work some things out with you guys
because he's going to be in charge of
that and that's what we're looking for
now so we're trying to plan this year
for next return plan really ahead so uh
time to get some food and then on with
the Mickey's
what do you have there I got this stupid
idiot this guy he's a stupid idiot guy
he wanted some so first of all the
stupid idiot guy was like ah how come
you got how come you got a gorilla pod
you know you shouldn't get equipment to
help you look you should just figure out
the fundamentals on your own before you
start getting stuff and I'm like no I
have plans for it I think I'm going to
use it the right way like I'm going to
use it to enhance what I already do and
things that I don't know I think that
was a poor investment I'm like okay well
I'm just gonna try it
it's alright so then I started using it
right and then that stupid idiot guy
started noticing how awesome my gorilla
pod was and then he asked oh my god can
you get me one so then I got him his own
I think is too big oh yeah I don't know
but here's the video guy this is for you
that's mine this is yours
thank you my bad yeah give it to me
freaking thank you hey Ricky
your mum mean hey put your ears down
she's naked earlier what else did you
get I got a green light green light what
what is this for so this is what a lot
of oh is that a handprint oh no it's
just little for its design so a lot of
beauty gurus
or people that talk Oh talk smack that
vlog on camera they want even lighting
yeah their face looks soft and flawless
yeah and their eyes create creates like
this like halo effect inside their eyes
yeah um they get this life are you
trying to be a beauty guru no no I just
I don't know I just felt compelled to
buy one if I want to vlog about
something or if I want to take a really
nice picture for something then the
Lighting's on point yeah then your face
just looks all evened out so like right
now like this side is shadow and then
this side is lit up maybe there might be
more shadows here because this lights
really did yes it's a pretty dim light
if I started yellow the tints kind of
weird and one of the light bulbs are out
by way
watch out mob behind there's a metal box
and watch your head Rafi oh thanks cuz I
do love you thank you so then you turn
this little sucker on whoa day and
nothingness let me see this well my
faces give me your best modeling look oh
wow you look like an angel
holy crap like before you look alright
now I look like an angel you ready now I
look like an angel now you look like an
alien
go back around cuz but I thought you
were beautiful before
are you trying to get me but now it's
like god dad was a supermodel that came
into my house he's trying to get laid
always Oh who's that oh god oh oh wow
now you now you look like an angel again
let's see that halo in the eyeballs come
closer
well I gotta be here for you since you
need to zoom oh yeah looks like he's
mine look like you have tighter eyes are
you lying no I'm not like you have Tiger
eyes it dimmed it Hey oh it's dimmable
yeah Dan this thing's fucking fresh see
oh that's fucking a sick nothing was
really cool you know all the good stuff
yeah so for any of you future vloggers
or makeup gurus or just people that are
into me
yeah this is a really good lighting to
use because then um you could put on
your makeup even because it really does
your makeup really changes depending on
the type of light that you have so you
want to make outdoor and like even
lighting as much as possible
yeah like the Sun not yeah if you get
ready so let's say you get ready in a
dark room but then you go out then
you're gonna look fucking crazy because
your makeup is gonna be so bright that's
true
depend on the occasion for but for the
most part you want the lighting that's
very true hope I helped well I know some
stuff too so over here this is a
condenser mic and you use this if you
want to do voiceovers or spit some hot
beats or get some hot beats out there if
you want to fucking rap and put out a
mixtape and and so this thing is called
a popper this metal screen and what that
does is when you talk into it if it a
filters out up and in ducts and the and
duct it takes all that out and the wire
goes into this thing and this is like a
condenser or subs or something and it
warms up the audio so it gets nice thick
sound like if you ever noticed if you
try to record your voice on a phone or a
thin microphone it sounds all tinny and
thin it sounds like shit it's because
you don't got a fucking beefy ass mic
that gets the sound warmed up goes into
the interface converts this analog
signal it's a digital signal goes into
your computer and then now you can edit
that sound put effects on up a reverb
echo and all that stuff so I know some
shit to you know watch it a lot a lot of
well spit some hop beats cuz you're
behind the mic go
I Spit some hot beats because I'm behind
the mic and you don't wanna fuck with me
or I'll beat you like Dolomites I don't
know what else to say I don't run
because I play but when you put me on
the spot
i'ma drop it like it's hot Oh fire dude
that was so dumb fine
give me give me a topic to rap down all
right rap about puppies you know what
okay okay great
rap about puppies come on let me get my
pillow on go ah these four-legged
creatures you already know they look
have a cute and fire ass no I take em
home cuz I want to play with them they
leg in my bed cuz they wanna sleep with
them smoke with them fuck with them yeah
you know what I'm sayin you can't take
my fries for you no no I can't rap
that's a problem Athenian comedian baby
good thing I'm a comedian cuz I'm a
chameleon and I change shapes and colors
every time as the Galleon love you know
look at the sky is blue with clouds and
that I hear my mama yelling at me all
about son get the fuck back in the house
now supermo she says cuz I'm fuckin wrap
all these noodles mousing on Maidan see
those mouths but what's wrong with the
mouse and she says because if you don't
shut up I'm a slacker bookish a light
you don't wanna talk to me like that no
I'm married and I want to take it all
back Kristen I'm not crazy but you're
fat though oh yeah I've been freaking on
a diet I think my six-pack come back in
Yanis
it's the leather like it's so tight are
you doing my bear I'm multi-masking what
is that that's what they call it these
trendy kids I actually bought it on this
by mistake I kept my lives are so dry it
looks like you got a sharpie marker and
you freaking colored your whole face no
I was checking out a Sephora and they're
really smart and they put all these
little things yeah at the checkout
station is this your pre sleep regimen
oh it came in a pack of four this is the
second night of done it oh you're
supposed to do this every night
no but it felt really good the first
night I did it so I wanted to keep
trying like it makes your face really
smooth yeah each one has a different
purpose the first one I did was a green
tea one and then that one is for oil
control yeah we thought my skin
afterwards oh yeah it was really soft
yeah was this one for this one is to
brighten up and even your skin and it
makes it tighter makes your skin tighter
also like evens out the pigmentation
yeah don't look for here hmm let me see
I'm kind of like Iron Man huh that's
cool Iron Man we do yeah so tight look
at kacl Titan oh it's crazy you look
like Blue Man Group a black and her lips
look like mustaches and what's up with
this leg geometry it's for balance why
you'd fall down I don't know it just
doesn't feel comfortable this way cuz
yeah I guess I will my feet are sliding
off see so this one presses this one
down and then this stays up I'm gonna
get ready for bed my bad sorry Sharon
nipples showing yeah you have a good day
today miss chicken party days so did
Saul it's always fun Danni phones blowin
now what's going on people hitting you
up in the middle of the night the group
me conversation Joe just posted a Hawaii
deal he's like oh oh it's my birthday
soon that's what he said doesn't even
care about his birthday what he's like
oh oh no no he wrote oh no it's my
birthday soon that's funny it's only
$500 round-trip it's not a legion or
spirit is it I think it was Hawaiian air
oh that's not bad I'm just not down to
fly any of those two anymore I know
those two are way too crazy I mean it's
good if you're on a budget you know it's
good if you're on a budget they've have
time to waste
yes that's the best yeah I don't know
cuz every time we've gotten on Allegiant
I swear to you every time we're late at
least three hours every time if you guys
watched our wedding vlog the first day
of us is leaving like where I first
introduced my mom and then my dad you'll
see that we're at the airport and then
we try to get on the plane and something
happened there we have to get off and
let me get back on make it off and then
we pretty much waste like a whole eight
hour day and it's it's for reasons that
they could have prevented you know like
they could have done those checks or
they could have restocked the ice and
then there's even a period where we're
just stuck on the plane for like two
hours with no ACL they're sweating like
crazy
that flight is small so all the chairs
are small and I'm just like man I can
see why it's cheaper because the service
sucks and it allows for so many more
mistakes because you're probably not
like you don't have the most qualified
staff no offense if you guys work for
those companies but the management or
something wrong with the management and
but if you do have like 8 to 12 hours to
spare where you can just kick it then
it's a hell of a good deal cuz how much
was our flight was like 170 or a person
or something it was ridiculous yeah it
was like one I think I was like 300
bucks
round-trip it was like a bargain but
then like for $200 more we would have
got there on time and we wouldn't have
missed out on like half of the whole day
because when we got there it was
nighttime so we've missed out on the
whole day so I guess it depends on how
much that money means to you like if you
can
well if money means more than the
experience part yeah like I said we
missed out on a day cuz if you need 200
bucks then you know you need 200 bucks
but if you can spare 200 bucks
then some people time is more important
how long have to have that face thing on
four until it dries I think it's dry now
oh so it's kind of what cuz you need it
it's kind of like the glue concept you
know did you ever put glue on your hands
like Elmer's glue I fucking hated the
stupid kids that would do that like I
would do it in elementary all the time
and the kids like I'm telling
they think I'm peeling my skin off and I
don't know why I don't know why they
would get mad at me peeling my skin off
cuz I would do that all the time well
yeah I did I would do it all the time
too on my hand and then you'd like let
it dry right and then it has to be fully
dry cousin if you peel it off but a
foreign parts still wet then it it like
it doesn't all come off in one piece
same concept I should do it to my mom I
would get like a bunch of glue that you
did you you asked my question and I just
answered you know that's exactly I did
I'm not adding to you I would get the
Elmer's glue and then I would put it all
over my hands and put all over my face
and wait for it to dry it on and then
face I wasn't a dumb kid like that and I
want to start a dry out go to my mom oh
no my face is peeling and then my mom of
course like she's an adult so she just
goes oh no
it's buing bed take you to the doctor
that's course you didn't like get pissed
at you for that no my mom's pretty smart
but I've never let me put glue on my
face what's going I just trying to dry
some little area cuz the rest of it is
pretty dry I think I could start filling
it all it's just this area right here
you know why I want it to dry what I
want it to come off in one piece
oh who are you gonna save it put on the
wall if you want to keep my face yeah I
have millions of pictures out of your
face in my phone I know they're the
worse why I love you
I like keeping the most candid fucked up
picture I'm like cuz that's who you
really are I don't want those fucking
fake-ass photos I want you for who you
really are that's how much I love your
mob bear can't look at the brighter side
of things I'm not mad at you I'm not
telling you to stop before I well I took
a shower I'm gonna get ready for bed
fine I'm about to get this thing off
goodnight sharpie Emma okay nonce time
gonna peel it off and I'm kind of
experiencing a lot of pain because this
is the second mask I've done the first
one was a pleasant peel but this one
feels like I'm trying to pull out that
it feels like wax like I'm trying to
take the fucking hair off my face and I
do have some sort of peach fuzz in there
so every time I pull it it hurts so bad
it's like peeling off I can't look
oh my god this hurts so bad
I think I'm gonna have to just wet my
face Oh hurts little is King red I mean
I'm not kidding
it's his yacht pool maybe if I do that
oh fuck it hurts so bad
like I can take crazy amounts of pain
but this one is just ridiculous how bad
it hurt it's on like like vinyl you see
it no I go any laughs I can see all the
wrinkles in the black
he's like Catwoman now right now freakin
suit meow I don't have hair here
oh look at what your pools you see my
skin another fucking crazy
mother stop it I'm in pain ready keep
looking for the hitter
hey Kimmy yeah I feel like I'm gonna
fucking pull my eyebrow look income I up
yeah you look freaking crazy
buzz fucking hurts so bad I'm like legit
okay tearing up it hurts so fucking bad
ready bitch well whose idea was this my
idiot idea
ha ha do did I just fucking pill off all
of my eyebrows imagine no look how much
it cools your my eye that's how strong
it would take look freaking crazy like
that but that's how strong it is it
should never be that strong bullet but
maybe your skin's hella soft now Oh your
skin looks so even although it does look
pretty freakin even and then really like
I feel like it even now your your skin
pigment no I think so your skin looks
super even right now like we're not
having that's pretty good when I have
your makeup I know but it's not worth
this fucking pain okay I'm just wearing
my face isn't bullshit just rip it oh oh
I could think I bet you would be crying
right now if you felt what I felt Doug
girls can handle way more pain guys can
you stop it get out of here yeah
you're like cats I don't like you well
why don't you like me imagine do
anything that hurts in your stuff yeah
what you wrote that it's annoying right
now good fine go away I don't even know
anymore
oh go away is not being supportive
I am being supportive funny yeah yeah
fucker you go oh yeah I saw
and he was wearing my shoes black and
white Jonah Levin and she was looking
fucking getting fucked the other day I
have an open relationship for the record
and I and first the guy he spit on my
ass and I was like okay I've had that
happen before and I'm like okay with
that like it's a little bit weird he's
feisty he's getting it like lubed up
whatever I'm into it and and then he
flips me over and he's fucking me and
he's looking me
