that's a beautiful people what's up
people today we wanted to do something a
little bit different and we wanted to
connect with you guys and keep it a
little bit more intimate and a little
bit more interactive so I went on my
snap today and I said hey guys if there
are any questions that you guys have for
us
send it to my snap and lo and behold you
guys listened and we got a bunch of
snaps and I haven't seen any of them yet
so I'm gonna open them with you and
we're gonna answer them right now and
this is gonna be my first time cuz I
don't even know how snap works she has a
snap I don't have a snap so all I know
is that we're gonna see videos and then
we're gonna answer them all he knows are
the filters bien oh yeah I love the
filters yep
all right before we start how many dick
pics you think I'll get if we have dope
fans we do have no pens
hopefully that dick pics are the
minority I think I'll get no dick pics
yeah my fans are pretty fucking dope
okay well our fans I don't know I send
my friends all right ready
yeah let's do this I'm excited wait God
thanks quite a few okay well here we go
oh that is such an intimate question you
little nosy Nancy you little fellow Nick
kitty what's wrong with that no not a
progression it is usually you get
married and then usually you go on a
honeymoon and then afterward you pump up
some business
yeah but we didn't do any of that but
the marriage party was pretty
unconventional because the guy that
married us is David's are a good friend
and he was even
shoes everyone's wearing shorts we don't
want your shoes there's no children or
suit so we're actually very liberal and
unconventional type people we have been
talking about it for how many years now
a few years a few years ago we actually
were going to have kids this year who
years ago so like three years ago we
were like hey the following year which
is two years from today we put some
numbers to this alright so in 20 so in
2013 they're like hey we're gonna have
kids in 2014 that 2014 came around we're
like ah shit 2014 is here how about we
do it in 2015 and we're like alright
2015 you down yeah and they were
forgotten and then we just didn't know
that so now it's 2016
yeah so now we're saying 2017 down so
we're putting it away like it's homework
we keep across dating yeah but I think
honestly though to be honest I think
2017 just might be the year well no
we're not gonna have one there's no way
2016 is already like halfway over
don't touch my Chinese leather but 2017
just might be the year because
everything is finally getting stabilized
on both the JK and barbell brigade and
and I think on the other stuff the prior
years we're just so much in the growth
phase that realistically we just didn't
have time for kiss but I think things
are starting to get more stable so it is
highly possible 2017 okay long story
short 2017 hello hello and a kitty
alright next one this is from Cena Bo
ninja right yes Cena Basilica Linda
Cinnabon Andrew
greatest accomplishments this is gonna
sound cheesy as heck but one of my many
greatest accomplishments not that I have
many but one of them is the fact that I
was able to adopt this abused and
battered dog that would not like be
around any sort of human and now she
kicks it in a room full of people and is
loving life fine fun that's one of my
greatest accomplishments and the mess
the caning part that's another one but
that's another story
uneasy to domesticate well you were
really hard at potty training I just
need root beer floats and I'll do
anything you say no you're gonna
complain about it if it's past ten
you're gonna go to sleep if it's hungry
you're gonna keep complaining about that
at all yeah so what's one of yours um I
think one of my biggest accomplishment
soon I would have to say is being able
to start and run companies with my
friends so growing up at the great one
in Asian household especially Chinese
like they always have this same where
you never do business with your friends
and when I was little and I heard and I
heard my parents explanation it makes
sense because they're saying like you
know you don't want to bring money into
a situation because when we bring money
into the situation now your that gives
your friendship something to fight about
and now you're going to lose your
friends over it because now you're
freaking about money okay that makes a
lot of sense but then once I started
doing business with my friends I first
with Joe then with Gio and then now we
have a whole team and everyone's our
friends if we're not able to be open
friends and talk about money openly a
talked about everyone's tasks and duties
and shortcomings and also the pros and
the cons of everything then opening
businesses it will fail you know in a
will ruin the friendship but if you have
good friends I feel like there's no one
better else then to run businesses with
because they got your back the way you
got their back and and ultimately you
guys are all spending time together
having fun together so being able to
kind of break that archetype that was
stuck in my head ever since I was a kid
and to be able to have an extreme amount
of fun doing what I love doing that's
something that I'm very very proud of
Wow you just made my exercise really
great what fun is awesome she is awesome
but you did a great job I couldn't have
done what you've done with fun thank you
next one is from you me likes I'd always
say well how do we stay so motivated to
reach your goals sorry a bunch of tacos
earlier that's okay um for me it's I
like to look at the big picture so I
like to look at the end result and then
from the end result I like to create
little mini goals so I'll say something
like okay so today I'm gonna try to get
maybe 5% of the big goal done and then
in a week I want to get 30% of the big
goal done and and little by little I
just kind of chip away at it and I think
that's the only way I know how to do it
and that's the only way that's helped me
I think for me it starts off number one
with having a goal that you want to do
in the first place so for example like
taking myself into consideration when I
was going through college I was pretty
much dragging my feet the whole time
because I was doing a major that I
thought I wanted to do but I wasn't
really passionate about it and it's I
was taking classes to accomplish that
major that I thought I want to do but I
didn't really wanna do those classes
then we have homework so I really want
to do any of those homework either so if
you're telling yourself hey you know
what my goal I'm gonna get straight A's
and I'm gonna take statistics I'm gonna
take Anatomy but if you don't really
give a fuck about all those things it's
gonna be really hard to stay motivated
but if your goal is you know what I'm
gonna try to get laid as many times it's
possible if that's something really
interests you you probably won't go
clubbing like every
see when I'm trying to meet people
trying to get late so I think first off
it starts off with a goal that you're
actually motivated about and that you
want to do secondly if you are stuck in
a situation because we all have to go
through this if you are stuck in a
situation where what you're doing and
the goals that you have to achieve
aren't related to your overall goal try
to figure out a way to put into
perspective how it actually does fit so
for example like let's say you do want
to be a doctor right but right now you
need money so you're working at Burger
King of course you're gonna be like well
you know I don't really want to work at
Burger King I don't see myself being a
bourbon team manager I don't see myself
growing in a career as this I'm gonna
treat my fucking job like shit i'ma show
up late I'm not gonna do a my tasks and
I'm gonna treat all the customers like
shit well guess what all of those
customer skills that you could have been
building up forever to get to help you
become a better doctor later you're
losing all that opportunity to learn to
become a better employee so what the way
you can view it is Burger King is just a
retail job and it's a customer service
type job but I can build skills I can
build people skills I can build
diligence and discipline that's gonna
help me become a better whatever that is
on the macro scale we have one from Rena
Oh Oh wah hoo we're actually going in
June we'll be there in June we can't
wait all right next question
here's one from and Lucia favorite place
cool all right when I'm not dieting I
love to leave anything pizza anything
pasta anything carbs
give me carbs anything cards I love it
my favorite thing to eat when I'm not
dieting this place about girl mall in
Alhambra and it's the juice
yes hamburgers ever imagine this egg
hollandaise sauce
medium rare burger motherfuckers sweaty
okay next question
what do you want at random do wheel of
fortune ooh that one no so we just
opened up two of them on accident we
don't know them but thank you guys for
submitting that video I'm so sorry for
the quiz realistic don't touch it
oh why are we never at the u2
conventions
yeah honestly honest that worked out
well with their fucking huge and they
have a ton of channels on there and
sometimes we're invited sometimes we're
not and there are a couple times we have
been to VidCon it's because we actively
requested it but there are times where
the dates just passed by and we see all
our friends on Instagram like we weren't
there so that's just that's just how it
is good question we do want to be at as
many as possible but sometimes they
forget about us okay let me - you're so
cute
um I will be doing any power lifting
meets anytime soon my training saw
actually changed I'm trying to lean out
and look smexy what's next a sexy
medicine
oh yeah that's exactly what it is I'm
gonna be doing a meet in late August and
I'm hopefully hopefully hopefully I
don't know why I'm praying but hopefully
because I know the training is up to me
that I will be able to become an elite
power lifter because that something I've
been chasing in the past couple of years
so hope I think you know I think you
have it you've been training really
freaking hard it's hard to be a leader
it's that you know that's a top 2% it is
but you got really fat and with the fat
came a lot of strength and that's
because you're fat but you've been
training
but I think you got it I think you got
it alright ready yep who's that pop rock
bit 69
you already answered that okay good good
follow-up question I actually want a boy
honestly I don't care but if I have to
give you an answer I would say boy first
purple bit 93 I actually don't care if
it's a boy or a girl
that's my personal preference but as a
first-time father I think I would rather
have a boy first so if I fuck up on them
it's not that bad no girls are fucking
headache you don't want to fuck up on a
girl that much cuz then if you fuck up
on a girl she becomes a whore a slut or
some crazy other fucking cream my
daughter is not gonna be any us might be
a crazy-ass bitch to fuck up on her she
will be okay next question
Brandon Sambo what up Brandon what a
cute guy um for me it would be go out
more study later
honestly mine is the exact same answer
when you're in college you're so worried
about getting out of college and
graduation that you failed to realize
and ran out you're like fuck why was I
giving myself this four-year deadline
fuck it go to college for like seven
years
yeah fuck ton of fun yep cuz I lost a
lot of fun and I could have had way more
fun a lot of people fail to realize that
in your college career that's the most
freedom you have you're at the work most
of us didn't have to work um you get to
explore with all these different classes
you have a bunch of like hot guys and
girls in your college and it's like less
responsibilities but then you want to
rush through all that and then start
working in the workforce and then that's
it your life Scott College is the only
place you can make mistakes as an adult
and be okay with it
good point all right you see the name is
the bela caustic
hey I like a little question mark you're
so cute so many Australians you guys
have great accents by the way um there's
nothing planned in the near future yet
but if you know of any schools hit us up
maybe we should just go there on
vacation and dildo maybe we should we
need a vacation or
next one let's do myrrh beauty 12 on the
top couple food hi Alaska are you trying
to start a fight because what I'm taking
from this is what is a food that we
agree upon and we rarely agree upon food
I guess we'll buy foods we'll just go
into deserts and we both enjoy yogurt
frozen yogurt we love yogurt what are
you trying to cause a fight girls I like
ice cream but every time you eat ice
cream
you think these pots in the toilet oh
yeah that's all I saw so my compromise
is to eat you're going to buy like ice
cream fuck okay well to answer your
question we don't have one we also as
food even if I fucking hate something
I'll still eat it cuz I'm just the fat
person
I can't that person next one Tyrone the
master
forever
how many years do you have left in your
life who knows I mean even if JK as the
company we're to like what is it this
suspense this fan I mean it would still
be JK's we're all friends we're gonna
kick it were so probably in a record
stupid videos like if you two were to
stop today like we would still probably
be blogging for our own personal like
enjoyment the goal of JK is to hopefully
last forever we started on YouTube and
then we could just can you use another
channel and now we're in the process of
trying to get that on TV and we'll try
to make films so who knows like JK might
just keep transitioning like that the
platforms that we distribute on might
change but our core group is gonna be
the same and we're always gonna try to
make content that's sexy let's do hug
dealers I love hugs
Oh cute are you um thank you for that
but I don't think we're that awesome I
think I could teach people how to be
awesome
oh my god this this is how you'd be
awesome number one let me learn number
one speak your mind and be real with who
you are but do that in the most
respectful way always yes because I
think the reason why a lot of people
they they don't come off as awesome or
the people that do come off as awesome
the reason why they do is because they
say things that other people are like oh
don't you feel that way - you're like
you know what I just don't like punks
and the people that don't like punster
like I know right person is awesome but
if they sit it in a respectful way so
let's just I'm gonna just be open about
yourself and be respectful you know
who's really good at being awesome in my
personal opinion oh oh you should have
been one two two three David I think
David is a very straightforward person
yeah
even though he's telling me something
you don't you don't want to hear he
tells you and you feel like he hugged
you like there's just so much love
behind it you're just like fuck I want
it hate you but I can't because you're
awesome sorry baby you love David on
camera
no all right on this channel I'll admit
it but J kidneys are fucking hate his
guts but on the Bears channel Barton geo
he's good in my book let's do monster
made I could barely hear it she's never
been to our jammin alloway but I think
she's gonna visit and she wants to meet
us so she wants us to tell her when
we're gonna go um I try to random times
because of how busy JK is so I can't
tell you want to actually train but
hopefully whenever there we get to me so
this videos coming to an end but before
we go we want to play a fun little game
of rapid fire which is we have 5 seconds
each person to answer whatever it is
that you're asking ready
10 we do ten of them we're gonna do ten
yeah let's go Pam ready you hand in my
ear really really crazy
that's all that's not are you ready here
we go Sam Ellie
oh my goodness I could barely hear you
okay so you're really cute thank you for
the question I couldn't hear what you
said one more I am a barber brigade
Monday Wednesday Friday Saturday I am
there the same times
nice times with the same days
first of all your friends are fucking
amazing
probably we're trying to have a baby
2017 what's up fuck sorry
alright next one is from Tama Almighty
my favorite workout is squat my favorite
workout is squat too but I fucking suck
at it that's my favorite one well why is
it your favorite anyway okay from
awesome Kido what record of it alright
from mr. Bubba Sh just above us let's go
tyro you gotta click on a video every
perp I can't tell you're the cutest
there's nothing really planned yet but
if there is be sure fucking 5 seconds
we'll put our IG yo provide you you
can't copy my answer but this is from
Jay Jay Jay
in 20 years I see myself on the beach
it's one years I see myself relaxing
hopefully okay somewhere huh dump all is
life seven I'm not I actually I'm only
good at one thing which is handles and
that's it I suck I should notice I got
everything else I said guy I play with
my friends I suck at a system it's five
seconds all right for me Queen wait no
you keep from it has to be principle
Chris calling idiot I'm getting nervous
I would start by eating a lot healthier
so cutting out like sodas and then
cutting out processed carbs decreasing
the amount of calories you take in and
increasing the amount of calories that
you burn oh that was nice
all right from love music 95 you have to
find a guy that is perfect as me first
of all and that's it
bullshit you need a lot of patience and
you need communication communication is
key and open-minded another five seconds
you need to find that guy that's able to
put up with your bullshit another five
seconds you need to put up with this
guy's bullshit piece of fucking bullshit
another five seconds all this girl ever
does is copy what I say go five more
seconds shut up we're getting a divorce
Minh we have no idea
don't advise women all right what color
missiles purple look I don't even know
how to use snapchat I'm teaching you
alright Rodrigue Rodrigue table visa
portugal that's a little race I don't
write scripts but if I had to say
anything I would say depends it depends
sometimes the ideas come to you I've
written scripts in like 30 minutes
before and I've also written scripts
over like three weeks hold it really
depends I'm not sure but I think that
was ten
so we'll wrap it up that if you guys
liked this video
let us know in the bottom and we'll
continue to make these free coos
honestly this is the first time I've
ever opened snaps from you guys and you
guys are fucking awesome so if you guys
like these videos let me know thank you
guys
