did you have a fun time shooting the
Jack Link's JK party collab video a lot
of fun shooting the Jack Link's jkp
collab video because we don't normally
do what is it like collaborations like
this with other companies so it's really
cool to find our way to integrate them
with us and it kind of forced the jkp
crew to think outside the box and come
up with you know a creative way to have
fun and then incorporate their product
into our videos so it was fun I thought
it was really cool that since our
concept or at least their concept a
clean so like oh we want you guys to
shoot in the gym and we're like oh guess
what
we own a gym why don't we just shoot it
there so it was cool to have a JK p /
barbell brigade / Jack Link's thing what
do you call this a collaboration like a
collaboration all together at once and
it's like three things that I love which
is protein my gym your gym of course and
jkp yes in our friends and our friends
it was really cool yeah it was really
fun because again we don't do so
this and we don't normally shoot outside
of the jqp office yeah because there's
always some sound issue and there's
always like a lot of variables going on
so we try to control that in our office
but because we're always in our office
these kind of feel not still but they
just I feel like our imaginations kind
of confined to like this box yeah so
just being out here and having the turf
like like Joe even got created and we
were like hey Joe
it's how about instead of me doing the
intro you push me out of the way because
now we have the room to be experimented
stuff yeah so then in one of those Joe
like pushed me out of the way and I got
to fly out like six feet away from the
group and it was fun so and it felt that
because we could see the sun line and
there were people like looking at us so
it was like cool like we're filming
something and people were around us
relaxing like these guys are the one
thing I thought was really cool was that
usually Casey is only involved in like
the JK film stuff or any type of longer
form content but because we needed extra
help Casey was able to lend us his
directorial services and because of that
things were pretty organized and he got
a bunch of really creative shots I
thought really added to the video too
yeah because we thought his involvement
it was just gonna be on you know just a
regular jkp style like on sticks
not too much engagement so having him on
board definitely brought a whole
different artistic touch to the video
it's always fun when we're able to bring
like the whole team onto a project and
this one we got like JK news editors jkp
camera ops the core JK film staff
everyone was able to all come together
yeah I even borrow stuff I thought that
was really cool but you know what the
coolest coolest coolest is during the
Jack Link's beef jerky eating contest
I scarf down a whole handful of protein
so I probably added an easy buy 30 or 40
grams of protein I stuffed it down the
pipes yeah
cutting yeah so I need my protein it's
hard to hit my protein goals because my
close to 30 grams a day that's what my
coach has yes has me at so I think I'm
only like 125 so you feel it a lot yeah
so I feel it and it's hard to eat a
protein like it's hard to eat 230 grams
of protein with only 70 grams of fat but
then I was looking at the back of the
Jacqueline's team and it was per 12
grams of protein is only 1 gram of fat
so I was like hell yeah I'm gonna go ham
on this contest yeah and I ate a whole
entire handful yeah cuz if not if it was
like a cupcake cupcake eating contest
then we'd probably have to have you like
throw it up later because that's like a
lot of empty calories not a lot of fat I
know
cool well I'm happy you're gonna eat
your protein goal today I just got home
and then I took a shower right
afterwards and then I realized how tired
I was cuz I was like go go go go go and
I was gonna go to the new office and
meet up there i knows it just is
allergies don't you hate that we're just
like randomly talking and then the
allergy hits out of nowhere it almost
feels like there's an invisible ghost
with the feather of just goes you know
whoa what is that well anyways um I'm
supposed to meet KC at the new office
but right after I took a shower I was
chillin on the couch cuz when I come out
the shower I feel so hot that I can't
just put clothes on because I'm gonna
sweat right through it I'm not trying to
do that so I sit on the couch you know
just shirtless I mean yeah I know you
guys getting all hot and bothered
thinking about me shirtless but I just
saw on the couch
shirtless and I cooled down for like
three to five minutes and then I put on
a clothes so I don't get all hot and
sweaty on my clothes and then I came in
here I just laid down a little bit I
didn't realize how tired I was until I
laid down and I think it's because in
the morning I had a full arm workout
before I had the whole Jack Link's video
that we had to shoot and even after the
video I worked out like pretend worked
out just so they can get a B role so
they can edit it into the actual skit
but I didn't realize how
Tyron was to do a full-on workout and
then do a full-on video shoot
back-to-back and we knocked all of that
out by two o'clock so we got a lot of
stuff done this morning we're very very
productive and even within the workout
itself we were super productive we did
nine exercises and like two or three
hours like we went we were going ham so
I'm freaking exhausted right now I'm
just taking a little break my eyes might
just close I'm like but I gotta wake up
I can't go to 7-eleven and these days
I'm trying to cook coffee a little bit -
all right not cut it out completely but
just kind of minimize the amount of
coffee I drink I realize I've been
drinking a lot of coffee and I know that
because before I would drink some coffee
now I feel energized in the oh I feel
good let's get some work done but then
now I drink the coffee and it just
brings me back up to normal so I'm like
oh shoot my body is really dependent on
this right now so I need a lesson its
effects because it's not good for your
body to not be able to produce its own
energy you know there's something wrong
there so I'm trying to uh you know like
take a little break and coffee drink
some tea and then maybe every other day
when I don't really need coffee
don't even drink coffee because it got
to the point I was drinking coffee every
day whether I need it to work out or if
I just need it to play with the dogs
like just randomly adjust I need coffee
right now and if I just drink confident
I so like not even dependent on it but I
just needed to feel normal
so I don't want to be like a coffee
addict you know so I'm off I'm gonna
take a little break I'm gonna get a
little bit of tea from seven and easy
and then head over to the office stay
hydrated cuz it is a hot day and then
meet up with Casey
I'm finally about to get some food right
now with Nadine and it's almost 1
o'clock in the morning and it's because
we were just building furniture the
whole time at the new office it's coming
together it's looking really good we
have furniture that matches and we got
different types of themes I think some
themes are industrial some is rustic and
then some is mid-century meeting late
1950s 1960s so I can't wait when
everyone puts their personal tastes into
the office I think the office and turn
out awesome it's gonna look really good
but you know when you kind of get things
rolling you kind of forget about normal
necessities like median to eat or
needing to drink or needing to do a
bunch of other weird stuff so I was on a
roll I started building the furniture
and then I didn't realize it all sudden
I was like 12 o'clock I'm like oh shoot
I gotta go home I gotta eat still out of
8 there oh no my hunger pains kicked in
I got so hungry and it's because um I
had a meeting with Casey today on the
future of film and we kind of did all
that we could at that time before we
have to really really dive in and spend
like a good four to six hours together
so we thought that was a convenient
place to stop at 7 p.m. and since Jill's
meeting is all the way until I think 9
or 10 I was like oh cool got a good two
hours that I can get some stuff done I
decided to go to Ikea cuz on the
weekends I know IKEA is super packed so
I took advantage two hours went to my
Kia picked up a couch a couple rugs and
stuff and then brought it back had to
build the couch and something with that
IKEA furniture this time I even followed
the directions but Oh both me in case he
messed it up and we built the whole
theme but there's a couple of screws and
holes that didn't fit so now we have to
take it apart all over again and then
put it back together and almost breaking
a sweat like crazy you know one thing I
was wondering I'm like how come there's
some activities out there it makes you
sweat like crazy do those activities
also burn a ton of calories cuz when I'm
building furniture I'm always sweating
that's why I hate building furniture but
is that better than doing cardio because
I sweat like so much like immense like
building the couch today I sweat more
building the couch than I do when I run
so like my whole shirt was all wet but I
was a hard day we had a lot of stuff not
hard long dates and we finally made it
to the restaurant I'm just gonna eat and
then go home and knock out so I'm a
credit here alright guys so I'm really
tired got to end my day but I almost
forgot to tell you guys that Gio was in
our first TV commercial thingy majiggy
and you're probably gonna see it on the
pre rolls all over YouTube and I'm
really really proud of her so make sure
you go check that out she shot that with
Jack Link's and it's her first big time
big production commercial ever
so go in the description below there's
gonna be a link so go check her out
bye
