what's up good morning beautiful people
today is a new day and in today's new
day sets forth a new journey for me
because one I will be tracking my macros
again which means that we'll be dieting
which means I'm going to talk about that
a lot which means you guys are going to
see a lot of food um and also the second
part of that is that I am starting a new
training program so that I can get
leaner and it's more in accordance with
my fitness goals which is why I'm
tracking macros so this is gonna be fun
and you guys are gonna start noticing a
transformation slowly but there will be
a transformation so this is what I look
like right now
I'll just show you my stomach because I
feel like that's for my body at least
you guys can gauge something so I'm not
like fat or anything but I do have this
this Pudge here and I don't normally
have and it's been fun I have this here
too you getting some slight love handles
not a big deal but for me definitely not
ideal so that's what I'll be working on
for the next couple of months and
hopefully you guys can see a change in
me okay
I gotta get ready for the gym I thought
wrong way too much this is always the
least favorite part of my day the part
where I have to leave my house I really
enjoy being at home
I'm a big-time homebody and every time I
have to leave and have to lock up and
have to get my day started it's a really
sad part for me and I'm slightly joking
I mean obviously firstworldproblems but
I just want you guys to understand how
much I love being at home so one of my
least favorite parts of the day is this
moment right now and I have to leave
it's so sad I feel like there's just so
much stimulus in my life there's so much
going on all the time but it's really
rare for me to ever stay at home so the
times that I do have I freaking cherish
them and it makes me so happy but there
are greater things in life to complain
about
so that was my two seconds of bitch
bitchy in the morning so I'm done
and I'm gonna be so happy ah that I woke
up super healthy super happy with
everything and more that I need in life
or in this life so that's what I'm gonna
focus on today I'm not going to be
negative Nancy and get let's go good day
oh hello
on the market for new car so he's
calling a lot of different
anyway
you dress always 10 feet
and then my next I go to the same order
I do nine and then a new gate and then
87 and then it is six five four three
two one
after one I beated my circuit and after
one let me tell you I'm fucking
exhausted I hadn't cardio like this
probably a year yeah that's exactly what
I feel like right there yeah but you got
one more circuit left I'm done it's just
not fair because I don't see anybody
else doing it except for me nobody
everybody smiles in the show kind of
understand what's going on everybody's
shaking hands slapping ass fucking don't
come here
everybody's D+ in this gym
we're gonna be good at that like better
at basketball you're like good in
possibly a new farmer I can do that
which is not so much circuits too many
together I think he's trying to kick up
your metabolism by week what he likes to
do is laughs I think he's doing it for
his entertainment
Hey
like this like a child he comes out
quick walking around any commas gets my
phone
why are the movie were coming out
recovery
shit dog I'm at the office now with by
Ron or having a JK party creatives um
meeting and right now we're going to
play test something that we might
depending on how the play testing comes
out that we might or might not play for
jkp um so if you guys want to see us
play anything forge it KP let me know in
the comments below and I am totally
gonna look it up like for real I'm gonna
look it up and I'm gonna be like cool
this is really cool game I'm gonna play
it I'm gonna shout you out or I'm gonna
be like this game is wack and I'm gonna
shut you out be like yo leg game was why
I'm just kidding I wouldn't put you on
blast like that yes you would no I
wouldn't that's only I would not umm but
yeah so leave it please leave it in the
comment below anything you want to play
that we have not played yet I get it you
guys want to see them off you but I'm
waiting for David to free up because I
want David and Gina in that shit but
yeah we're gonna play test real quick
alright so we're gonna do it oh we doing
this Otis - oh we're gonna do a little
game testing yeah how do you have the
magic verification code - for one that
it is em modules sounds so pleasant
read your fuck cookie - no fuck
what are you doing it sounds so fancy
I'm just I'm learning how to play the
game okay
all right cool we have five minutes I
think so
all right the first bomb five minutes
three modules three strikes let's go
module one all right Geo don't kill me
okay I don't know anything don't kill me
all right I'm not allowed to look at the
manual oh no you can't see it no main
frame all right um okay so I see a bomb
okay I see wires you see wires um how
many one okay I see once you do five six
wires six wires if there's if there are
no yellow wires and the last digit of
the serial number is odd cut the third
why okay there's a yellow wire so that
doesn't apply okay otherwise if there is
exactly one there's no yellow ours okay
yeah I know there's one yellow I welcome
a wire for red wires one black one
otherwise if there is exactly one yellow
wire and there is more than one white
wire is there more than one well there's
no white wires fuck otherwise if there
are no red what the fuck otherwise cut
the fourth wire cut the fourth word fuck
it fuck with the fourth liars do it okay
good we're great yeah okay all right
symbols symbols symbols symbols find
symbols where is the fucking no I don't
know I just see symbols I see a a e I
see uh I don't know what that is it's
like a cross and the be okay right you
see an a an a with little thing in
between a so if it's an a I am I got a
and then like I'm not suppose I have an
A and an E and then there's a like a
trident and then there's like a like a
hashtag missing a line oh there's a I
mean it'll take an end it's like an end
backward it's like an NH backwards with
a little phone on top what am I supposed
to do here only one column is okay
oppress the fourth okay only one column
below has all four of the symbols from
the keypad okay press the four buttons
in the order they're symbols iterator
from the top to the bottom within the
column okay so I see it I see an AE the
H with a little phone on top the hashtag
without the line and that's tried it or
like
remove Juke handle TV what order do I
press the numbers in Gina help you oh my
god okay oh sorry girls are gonna I'm
not sure with these symbols are but I'm
I suspect they are something to do with
Oh what only one column below we're
gonna die has all four of this symbol is
there a specific order that I have to
press the symbols in it does it I know
press the four buttons in the order of
the symbols of you okay wait what do you
have what do you have I have it a e ir
a-- h with a phone on top that no
hashtag with missing a line and the
little hat on the line any peg missing a
born oh oh okay you can cross it off to
press the six the e hashtag Eddie
together what I did
what's a six I don't have a suit okay
fuck they are for simple dude alright
give us it says he first very first no
just the e alone a backwards e I don't
have a backwards ok I attack first Josh
I first then a ii ii ii ii tried in
shorter then the fucking is a bit pinch
and nice okay green my goodnight wait I
see a white button I see a white but I
don't know what to do it's just such a
mess on it way button what do I do
but it's the press okay so you see a
white button just a big white buddy dude
you're fucking dead no come on don't say
that
don't fuckin button suppress if the
serial numbers contain a vowel oh my god
this manual is my fucking worst night
when the fuck is just a buddy what does
a button look like it's just a big white
button with like a bar next to a black
bar next to it almost like the horse
almost so I think it should be towards
the top
Oh Oh God subject oh of the button okay
see appendix if the button is blue know
about me if there's more than one
battery no oh but any batteries okay if
the button is white there is a light
indicator with the CA are no oh no I
don't see that if there are oh yeah I
see see it on you'll hold the button and
to releasing a Help button okay that's
it refer to release I don't but what do
I do refer to release oh that's me
that's you white stripe yellow stripe
any stripes no stripes this is oh I'm
gonna press the button do i press it go
ahead Lisa missile I shot white stripe
white stripe okay release when the
countdown timer has one in any position
okay that's it and that's how we play
good dude high stress that was horrible
I need a fucking I need a shot of vodka
I don't even drink I don't even drink
that was horrible alright so I'm back in
my parents house trying to finish fixing
their computer at the same time my mom
tells me that their Internet's pretty
out of whack so I am on hold right now
I'm trying to get their internet fix and
I think it's kind of cute because I'm
helping them out because they're
completely clueless but I remember the
time and I was completely clueless that
were helping me out hello sure let's do
it
200 Mbps speed and you can also get the
ball for me oh yes
Yogi's baby for Part B $45
oh what's the speed 200 and 300 I know
it's okay I'll take the 300 that's okay
BP for the engine dollars them for 30
another upgrade for a Dyson wait you
said $300 yeah that's okay we're just
nine dollars okay wait you said it was
$50 so I've been here for about two
hours now and I finally completed
everything and it's super cute goes up
the right my mom all the passwords and
have to teach you how to do everything
so okay I keep saying I didn't get super
fucking cute so now I tried to keep her
desktop as clean as possible so I have
her internet games that she likes you
know music she likes so now when we go
to her stuff look I need the tech super
huge and then the cursors are really big
too cuz I get the size of my finger like
how huge that cursor is so that made the
tech super huge and then I hooked her up
with Pinterest right her so now she can
do all these cool little hobbies and I
hooked up with Pandora that she had no
idea existed and she's so cute cause she
already added the song she likes it of
course as Michael Buble
Frank Sinatra from my old school people
three all los panchos it's amazing
listen to that beautiful and then she
got Etta James and then redbone which I
was very surprised to see that she liked
this song from what is it galaxy what is
it
the galaxy movie something of the
galaxies agents of the guy god please
don't kill me for not remembering but
this is a song she really likes how cute
is my mama she's a cute look for me and
I got it for her she was like
hey yeah I saw my mama song she's like I
want you to clean it up Akeno oh my god
dig morbid ass lady yeah so she seems
like a pretty happy camper and last but
not least I hooked her up with her with
her gmail account make sure to send my
mom gmail account just kidding just
kidding
okay now I have to go back home and jump
in a meeting so let's do that now my
momma got a new dog what's his name
my como se llaman come on off his dog
name is this shadow hey shadow
hi baby hi baby he's half wolf half
doggy and look at those other porkers
okay I gotta go I always want to share
my parents with you guys but they're so
fucking stubborn that they never want to
be on camera so I'm always forced to
either like be a creep and then film
them when they're not looking or just
not film them at all and it sucks
because I want to share them with you
guys so bad cuz they're so fucking cute
but they just refuse it's like they know
how cute they are they just want to keep
it to themselves I don't understand
parents well anyway that was it's always
fun and I nominate I've been talking
about it for like the past I don't know
how many minutes but I just love my
freaking parents so much and you know
unfortunately um or not unfortunate but
fortunately I'm in a position right now
in my life where I can like be there for
them like I love that I can be there for
them because my parents are highly
highly capable people like they
immigrated into this country when they
were in their teens and then they just
kind of created their whole life from
like nothing like absolutely nothing
they got here didn't understand the
language didn't have any friends had
very
small family like they had to learn that
you know tricks of the trade like my dad
didn't go to college my mom didn't do
didn't go to college either but you know
they brought us into this world provided
for me I never once felt hunger in my
stomach because they couldn't afford to
buy me food like I never had to worry
about where rent money was coming from
I never knew any of their financial
struggles like I don't know any of that
like I've never suffered once in my life
because they took care of me so freakin
well so now for me to be able to give
back to them in any sort of way shape or
form is like amazing and it's even more
amazing that I'm part of this whole
internet culture this whole YouTube
thing that I'm like so familiar at my
age by the way that I'm so familiar and
comfortable with the type of technology
that we have right now like all the apps
and you know the most current phones and
the current software like you know a lot
of people you know getting older aren't
as comfortable because like my nephew
was like four or five years old probably
knows just as much about technology that
I do at this point because he grew up in
it so he just feels really nice like I
remember growing up and I'm sure you
guys feel the same way is when you see
your parents they're like these BOTS the
figures you know what I mean like
they're untouchable unbreakable they're
like a mission you know like omnipotent
like they know it all they're everywhere
like and you feel like they're just like
these these these gods you know what I
mean these gods of your world and your
fate and and at times you know you fear
them the most and other times they're
like you're heroes
and it's like you get older and then you
really realize like wow my parents are
just you know they're just people like
the ones I hung out with like they
probably might be my friends you know if
we were the same age or they probably
never be my friends because they're
weirdos or they're geeky or they're
smart or they're douchebags or they're
like really nice or really boring um and
then it hits you right and you're just
like damn that's crazy like I frickin
book the up to you and not to say that I
don't look up to them anymore but you
know now that I'm older I see my parents
for what they are and don't get me wrong
they're absolutely amazing but I'm like
shit like you are huge dad and now I'm
taller than you
like what when did this happen like when
did I adults when are we having these
intellectual conversations about family
and morals and and you know our next
phases in our life and investments and
purchasing like you know homes for the
to the future children and it's like
it's so odd to me like to be having
these conversations and seeing my
parents in this light it's just it's on
you and and maybe for a lot of you guys
you don't understand I'm saying or for a
lot of other you are are others um you
guys are probably like yeah I don't get
it like my parents have always been like
that
maybe it's because I'm just not the
closest with them or I've recently
become closer to them now that I this is
this is just a whole new world for me so
excuse me if I'm overly excited but this
is this is something that's really huge
in my life because I feel like family
and friends are just like irreplaceable
like money can't buy that you know and
and like I mean I guess money can buy a
form of it but is it genuine you know
what I mean like it's not genuine and I
feel like friends and I don't know why
I'm getting so teary-eyed but I feel
like good friends and close family is
like absolutely irreplaceable and
completely private priceless you know
like the loyalty and the unconditional
love that they have for you I'm so
blessed I really am and I'm going to
stop because I'm getting very teary eyed
and I should probably be I know what you
guys are saying like do can you stop
vlogging but it was just on the top of
my brain and I wanted to share this
moment with you guys because I feel like
I'm absolutely blessed like I have
amazing parents I have really cool
friends I have an amazing husband to
have a great life and like I get to give
back to them like they've given me so
much and any time I can give back to
them I'm just like oh this is a fucking
amazing such an amazing accomplished
feeling for me like it doesn't matter at
that moment when I feel like like I'm
giving back to the ones that I love like
at that moment I don't care about how
much money's in my bank account I don't
care what I Drive I don't care the quote
about the clothes I'm wearing I don't
care about any of that shit because the
feeling of feeling completely whole and
like like having a purpose here for it
for them is like all I fucking need you
know like obviously the reality is that
you do need to have money to like you
know live but
the feeling that I get when I get to UM
give back to those that have given so
much to me is oh my god it's such an
amazing feeling but before I freaking
start crying more than what's happening
right now um I'm just gonna drive home
and visit my beautiful puppies and he
was wearing my black eleven and she was
looking fucking getting fucked the other
day I have an open relationship for the
record and I and first the guy he spit
on my ass and I was like okay I've had
that happen before and I'm like okay
with that like it's a little bit weird
he's feisty he's getting it like lubed
up whatever I'm into it and and then he
flips me over and he's fucking me and
he's looking me
