what's up guys so you have wushu Master
pop bear doing his little tricks I don't
know why he's doing that
but I can't be super loud because our
favorite boy over here taiko Malaika is
sleeping that's good cuz he's been
sleeping for like about an hour maybe
two hours which is nice because during
the day he has the hardest time sleeping
but because he's sleeping we can't
really go out and get any food or any of
that stuff so um you guys have seen us
get food delivered and we usually like
to do that all the time during the
weekend especially during the weekend
because we don't really get to uh get
home as much it sucks it always feels
like we have something to do so hey whoa
look at that James Brown feet so we
don't really get to do uh we don't wanna
get to enjoy our home as much as we
would like to but the good thing about
that is our friends at blue apron were
kind enough to sponsor this video so I
want to say thanks to blue apron for
sponsoring this video
and if you guys are told to wait for
news it's pretty dope where are you
going next I've been kind of hungry and
I did see all the groceries that came in
so at first I was like wow ma bird knows
exactly what groceries to buy and then
when I said blue apron I was like then
they transpacific groceries for the meal
yeah and I was about to give you too
much credit because it Oh steak and
broccoli
I like the how does mommy know what to
get exactly like in a bag like can you
go to the butcher go let me get a bag
full of steak and broccoli knickknacks
but well yes so it's blue apron and for
those you guys don't know what blue
apron is it's really dope it's really
dope service that um makes you feel like
a chef at home honestly it really does
because as you guys know I
like to cook and pop cars already going
in on it
so I know we're gonna cook baby so the
dope thing about blue apron is that they
deliver fresh ingredients to your
doorstep depending on the type of
cuisine that you want to choose so the
cool thing again there's a lot of cool
things about this but um you can choose
from like you want to feed two people to
feeding a family and then you have like
every single week you can pick from
their list of I think um like eight
different dishes that you could create
from scratch and pop there's already
going in this week I picked that we
would be making blue Makkah regatta
pasta or chili butter steak or shiitake
and black garlic ramen so yeah
Charlie Froman um and I know that a lot
of the times when I go to the grocery
store leaves her when Papa goes to the
grocery store and they tries to get
ingredients so that we can cook at home
I feel really bad because again I'm not
cooking this stuff
what PAS there is but there's only two
of us and the ingredients usually go to
waste
because when you buy stuff at the
grocery store um it's usually made for a
family are you going
yes you pass gas that's that's what we
cut funny well thank you yes I always
feel bad that I have throw away these
ingredients so we've been already pre
measures what it is that you need to use
and it gives you the exact amount of
ingredients that you need it's really
really cool and I know that right now um
they said to me that I could tell you
guys at the first 100 people let me get
this right that doesn't smell very nice
over here oh sorry
they said that the first 100 people to
sign up will get three free meals with
the first blue wait for an order and I
think that is awesome because who
doesn't like free right um and it is the
holiday season so one you
gift it to people too if you're afraid
to sign up right now and you're just
like well you know I'll probably sign up
later cuz it is Christmas I don't want
to like have this food go to waste
I'm not even gonna be home what's cool
another cool thing is that you guys can
schedule when it is that you want to
receive this delivery so let's say that
you sign up right now which I highly
recommend you should and you're like hey
I'm gonna be back home the week of
Christmas so you just go and you just
change the schedule so you would say
that week I don't want to receive any
deliveries but I mean but a boomin it's
really that easy or if you want to sign
up now and say hey you know what I want
these deliveries to start January 1st
cuz new year new me and I want to look
good then guess what you can do that too
so it's not too shabby the first 100
people get free three meals I'd sign up
and if you guys want to sign up cruise
on over to the description box below
click on the link and sign up but
without further ado my father is getting
pretty hungry because now he's doing
yeah he's organizing it so check this
out three of them well what do you want
so I kind of want pasta and ramen ramen
mistake I don't know I want all of it so
this is what's really cool you can make
all of them none of them none of them
take an hour forget that they're less
than an hour to make which is really
cool and then it gives me all the
ingredients that I need to make this
dish I love it
and then it walks me step by step oh
cool I don't remember seeing this before
because I have used Bui from before and
now they have check off boxes to make
sure that you don't lose your track
that's pretty tough or lose your place
pictures - yeah I mean you know how to
cook so I feel like you're gonna nail it
so cooking for me
that's what I'm about to say oh but I
think that I should cook it because I
should learn can I feel like I can't
fail with this it's it's foolproof and I
feel like
make a cuisine that looks like this I
think I think I can make it look pretty
hold on to your potatoes fine
are you gonna watch me as I cook yeah
you're gonna help me should I yeah what
do you want to eat they all look so good
though but what's cool is every week
it's a different they're different
choices too so so my heart is with these
two but then you know I love reading me
should I make all three cuz I don't know
it's gonna take a while to do all areas
because you might need to use like
separate pans for stuff mmm
that's what do you want to eat what I
can match with wine can I tell you
something yeah um I know all of you guys
know that we're not drinkers at all
especially because you um are allergic
yeah but I just bought my first wine
ever well second wine because the first
one was in Germany yeah and was that
called I suppose one iced wine yeah we
got this really dope iced wine from
Germany but look at this one tells you
how to match with wine so you want
fruity and savory
this one's bold and spicy this one's
pleasure pretty but the secret is I went
to UM to then with my mama and for tips
birthday we got Moscato and even all
Moscato was but I don't even know if
this is good to be honest but I got some
I got some ass gautham so I'll try that
I just thought it was really cool but
they just pair it up it just sounds like
you're saying mosquito in a funny way Oh
a kitty cats awake
I think he was telling us for being to
have this is so cool
cuz it's delivered to my doorstep in a
refrigerated box which is amazing
it came in yesterday but we were filming
all day yesterday so I couldn't even get
to it and I got home at night and
ingredients were a good idea amazing how
about you cook this one first and the
wall I'm eating I can watch you put some
of the other ones but I want to eat it
soon
what the heck I am hungry okay fine I'll
you know I'll give it to you how can you
not not want to eat this like this is
good
these are a chef created dishes alright
so you know what's gonna be bomb or what
if we eat this what if we make this I
think I'm gonna make all three I'll just
figure it out I'm sorry fine fine fine
fine
alright I'm gonna start I'm gonna start
with we'll go in this order okay or
should we go in this order just in
existence I love it and then the ramen
looks legit
it looks like it's actual like ramen
that you would give him ramen shop I
feel like you know that the yellow egg
noodle yeah okay let's do it I'm gonna
do it okay we'll start with ramen and
then we'll go with steak and end it with
pasta how does that sound
lick it like it he doesn't like you very
much
alright let's do it what step number one
and rehydrate the mushrooms Oh TIFF
would die if she saw this little bottle
cool so a marinated or somet soy
marinade sweet chilli sauce they secure
like just enough exact amounts with
garlic master and you only use like one
clove of garlic and then black father I
didn't even know this existed Black Hawk
you know existed oh that's a specific
thing it's a black garlic ramen
that sounds pretty excited about the
ramen too
all right these are my ingredients this
butter scallions for this probably so
scallions like that is usually uh um
okay with the can okay sorry everything
heat a medium pot of salted water to
boil on high do you know how to use that
thing
: yeah is that what it's called I don't
even know what it's called I thought it
was the army helmet for kids oh my god I
can't wait to take that it's creative
like that
why not know you could use it hey I'm
Chinese I use everything that falls on
floor once you use them away they have
to wash it too if it tastes good then it
turns me out
you're not gonna waste it are you don't
be American about it that's does this
feel familiar to you all of this feels
very foreign I don't know no I mean like
just the whole washing and like that
thing this off what's your next step
what do you gotta do now
well what step are you on now I need a
hydrate with shiitake mushrooms so I
need to do 3 cups of boiling water
luckily I married an intelligent young
man
yep so he introduced me to this product
what does it call just the water boiler
oh well it's awesomely convenient but
look at that it's probably for the broth
your part try to boil like all the good
stuff out of the mushroom to use for the
broth we have the time right there on
the oven but it's an hour late okay well
just get your phone get your phone
instead of timer that's what I do when I
cook don't get your phone cuz I'm
tracking but I did read talks I'm trying
to get back my my body yeah I did read
that each of these what step are you on
now remove the stems which is just this
right yeah are you guys topping off -
that's probably easier to not do that
shake it T it off for the entire staff
mmm
look at the picture and you can see what
you want it to do like what does the end
product look like other stems in there
bother okay so it's just all the leafy
that's why I like the pictures
mm I see movement I see a movement I
come in at Ellis brookey what a good
messenger type fell back asleep I think
he's a little bit awake but I think he's
sleepy look you know what you're doing
until I make it up watch me just chop
off my finger
I love this counter there's like this
big marble cutting board yeah kid looks
like you know what you're doing vapor
makes me look good the baby's awake now
so now mama has a company well with the
batter I just put on the backpack tell
me and I come back in business I can
comfortably watch my butt cook Oh what
can I show you one thing that'll help
yes so right now what you're doing with
the knife we're just literally just
chopping it so you're pressing it why do
you want to slide forward do you want to
actually use to put you up just like
that so that way it preserves the knife
and it cuts faster and smoother does it
feel smoother it was the same okay
that's just because a knife is a really
sharp fall yeah but if you can complete
dusk is really sharp so if you have a
crappy knife like a butter knife if
you're tried doing that I'll just end up
smashing it
like you don't he smashed tomatoes
instead of slicing Tomatoes that's good
that's really good you're making you
think what step are you on now mama all
right so now I have let that shiitake
mushrooms rehydrate yeah so now I'm
gonna roughly cut them is what the
instructions call for and then it says
reserve the water so I feel like I don't
have to use it
and while this is happening I'm waiting
for the water to come to a boil so that
I can boil the kale because almost to
get there I didn't call for me to put an
extra pot of water for the actual ramen
yeah but I ran ahead and it is gonna ask
for more water so I'm just kind of
trying to just Swifton it and quickly
you're a restaurant owner am i yeah cuz
the restaurants they always think ahead
so they always have stuff prepared and
moving in that direction you don't feel
that rehydrated it still kind of feels
rough oh yeah Bri yeah that's fine but
look at all this monfriez running a
kitchen are you proud of her yeah I'm
soaking my greediest look good cooking
show on the cookie so yeah I always
loved that part that's dope okay mama I
love you marijuana's head didn't fit
like his head he was so little he could
barely see the top of his head and now
he's smiling cuz it's so big and he's so
tall no copy be a big boy do you think
the boy use me all right it's the first
thing going in the thing the thing yep
mmm Wow
you are officially a cook Thanks and
that guy you want some of this ramen I'm
just kidding I know you're hungry
god is love formula maybe it's time for
him to get that
so time for the golf baby lunch break
all right well puppet is doing that mob
bears over here and all the stuff that
I've already chopped up I've combined
and now it tells me to do this for its
actual terminology but it says do it in
so aromatic
like I added two tablespoons of olive
oil and then it said everything chopped
up put it in until it's pretty aromatic
and I'm just using because I know little
bit about cooking I'm just using the
ginger as my guide because once that
gets a little bit more transparent I'm
like cool I think we're ready to rock
and roll look at the sauce that Mama's
making all right so at this point you
know the water that I was using to
rehydrate the shiitake mushrooms yeah it
had a specific measurement that I wanted
to get up there being the smart guy that
he is you put two and two together I'm
gonna do this it's probably ghetto but
what in the world okay cuz it's like not
know I've seen a lot of restaurants do
that okay and they usually closed down
and business like next week or they
would open up yeah um yeah so Papa had a
really good call when he was like oh
it's cuz you're probably gonna use it
later and sure enough papa was right and
I just poured it in here yeah so it
tells me to do this
reaches a boil I don't mean the smells
good that's the best thing that sucks
about cooking you know that what so like
when I'm making my barbecue or if I'm
making anything along because I'm
constantly smelling the aroma so by the
time I'm done cooking I'm not even
really that hungry anymore but then
other people smell enjoy oh I smell so
good so a lot of my chef friends they
end up just going home and eating
instant noodles cuz they're tired of
that smell
I guess it's just you know it's just
fine it's okay you know me fine
it's okay tight gut it's just the boys
in the house we got to stick together
big puny cutie
well I've down to here now I'm here
which means I have these less these
plates left the last thing is just
frying the egg and then just bleeding it
so thank goodness I am starving you just
open it so you usually look for the
opening part and you open it yeah so
it's not opening okay oh I already bro
for real
oh is that what the recipe called for
the cracked egg inside no no no no this
has been out got one egg
okay sure oh is it ready
oh you're dividing it up ready yeah I'll
be careful since it is a there's a
Teflon or whatever don't scratch it yeah
so just got to go nice and gentle yeah I
could probably always add a little bit
more water and just season wasn't worth
that boy is having fun by himself
are you looking at you little moose
you're looking like your little moose
thank you boy you cute boy the Kenai
yeah little moose you love talking where
the widow ago oh all right
how does it feel to be on the brink of
completion of one of the first meals
you've ever cooked in their entire life
I've never even cooked ramen before this
is all Dane
I'm surprised you gonna start a blue
apron restaurant looks pretty bomb oh
look at that technique where did you
learn that technique get a clean perfect
just was I literally the okay let me be
honest I didn't think it was gonna be
enough I knew I was gonna be enough oh
well you cook I don't put I bet yours
I'm gonna put mine and I love the
individually portioned out the pasta cuz
yeah then here's your egg I'm gonna top
it off with egg and you can eat it first
oh you don't want the egg oh thank you
I don't know how I'm gonna do this just
throw it on there it's about a baby
break that yolk there you go Wow look at
the presentation you did so good I'm so
proud of your mama Oh give it a big kiss
so here Oh
the regular one I don't like these
though they're so pointy I love them oh
that dozen of the ingredients I was
reading it yeah
like the sesame oil for example that
came straight from it was sourced in
Japan yeah I'm also bombing which uses
what I try it
you your mom made this hike up he
doesn't carry these with his moose
there's a little miss okay oh that
smells pretty damn good is that what
that is and it's I think it's vegetarian
it's not vegan because there's egg but I
didn't add any sort of meat anything I
think without without the egg it might
even be vegan so maybe vegan folks out
there yes there was no animal broth
oh but there's egg noodles oh okay okay
vegetarian
you want your little spoon good I will
have my own thank you I can't wait here
you go good utensils didn't come with
the meal where Asian pretty damn agent
in this house that we had it ourselves
how's the broth that's pretty good you
know one thing I thought that I really
liked about this is that what I'm eating
ramen at a restaurant there's always
like just this very familiar ingrian
that confirm my being wrong
yeah now that I saw what stuff she put
in it I know it is but is it it's ginger
oh it's been cooking it's always one
plus one equals three if I can take this
plate with this flavor and it creates a
third flavor and I'm really familiar
with ginger some Chinese but the way
that the Japanese ingredients mixed
together it makes another flavor that
haven't tasted from ginger but no no
that's what they put in
I think taiko was very intrigued you
pick uni all right I think it's time for
minded us to be done so I'm gonna eat
now we just finished eating
mama is over there cooking cleaning eat
we've got the dishwasher working and we
got a tyke over here and doing a little
push-ups
look how high can get his head now I'm
so proud of you tiger
hey cutie wow you get your head so high
that is amazing you're so strong
we're looking at the screen saver whoo
go well uh do you like gorillas I mean
that's the gorilla but if you think I'm
a girl that's awesome to you good boy
hey funny you love them - yeah you do
CUNY Pawnee now it turned into a dance
all right so we haven't done this in a
while that is going on a family walk and
we have the dogs back they're ready to
rock and roll you ready to rock and roll
mr. whoa whoa we're at the welcome whoa
yeah you're waiting to welcome wolf
narrator welcome wolf yeah they're ready
okay
yeah okay look at that guy PJ stuff it's
the evening time and for dinner we're
gonna go out with my brother and my mama
oh yeah this thing's everything your mom
says huh I have an audience of one yeah
oh thank you so much for paying so much
attention to me but yeah so for now we
want to make sure that the doggies go
out oh look at how nice those houses
look mmm you are fixed on mama huh yeah
okay it's kind of chilly so I'm gonna
wrap this guy in my sweater real quick
we go oh there they go the dog goes PP
o--'s boy who's gonna poop first you're
thinking too long you're to get enough
sleep over there all right let's using a
pooper scooper piggy pooper
all right you're looking at the lights
we gotta walk by the Christmas lights
he's gonna go nuts we'll go by the
Christmas sighs okay take oh wow wow
all right now it's time to see who's
gonna poop first this is the area where
the poop has but happens anyone is there
a dog somewhere I know what he's looking
at
he looks so festive yeah he's beautiful
don't push off me push off me mmm this
guy's trying to push off of me are you
doing
look you'll see him push look at the
hands look at the hands doing push off
me
look
no poops yet all right well I think it's
gonna be pretty but we'll see all right
so we are slowly approaching more lights
in our neighborhood so let's see how
this guy reacts we're gonna get there
hey we doing you eating your hand again
weirdo you guys here
suck it on that hand all right coming up
you ready almost there almost there
almost there
here we go all right tickle okay after
this house it's the next house over okay
oh that's pretty
oh the projector yeah it's pretty huh
yeah it's beautiful
look Wow see that do you like it a
little bit anticlimactic there take them
nothing I get nothing from you
who them pretty there's so many lights
now look look nothing nothing take more
than what we could do that's pretty
who's that anything I got anything you
can give me anything any reaction any
comments concerns options
I mean opinions what about this look no
nothing whoo-hoo-hoo ain't that great at
the bucks - oh that one has like the
projector on it
those little sprinkles
oh that's dope Mirta
hey did you just lick my chest not boobs
but just the chest it was beautiful
nothing all right guys Tyco has already
seen it
he wasn't very impressed he said better
luck next year
so we'll see you next year if he likes
Christmas lights or not you'll be a year
old next year it's gonna be awesome huh
alright no comment alright guys we're
gonna go for two pack it up we're gonna
go home now alright guys so it is this
time in the day or an I high of one
bottle two bottles three bottles ready
to walk a wool it means it's bedtime we
literally just got back from having
dinner with my parents or having dinner
with my family and it was it was a it
was a dinner that's very nice because I
normally mean my brothers sisters do not
normally get together because we all
have very different schedules and yeah
just his family sometimes you get along
with them sometimes you don't some
people are being mean to people or not
are like that's my type of dysfunctional
family I don't know you guys probably
have a way better family than I do but
um yeah
so because we wanted to bond and that
was the goal of tonight I did not vlog
any of that but it was very nice
relaxing dinner and yeah thanks so much
for watching guys I hope you guys
enjoyed this day I hope you guys enjoyed
my cooking I wish like realtalk
it felt really nice to like cook like I
got so inspired to keep I think to
mom and it cooked like the other two
meals that I have left
a steak dinner and a pot a steak plate
and a pasta plate and I think it'll be
really cool like I I think I'm catching
the cooking bug a big I think so we'll
see how I feel about it tomorrow cuz
honestly look at my kitchen like those
pots right there like the aftermath of
cooking and then I have that still on
huzzah I finally used our dishwasher to
clean up after the cooking is always of
booj so I don't know how I keep it up
for but yes thank you again so much for
watching see you guys manana good
morning good afternoon good night
depending on what part of the world and
what time you're watching this vlog
thank you so much bye-bye
