good morning L about to start my day but
before I do I want to share something
with you guys ah my shit started itching
hey what happens when like randomly
you're like sitting on an airplane or
something and all of a sudden your back
itches you like oh what a back come from
there's like no warning whatsoever
oh yeah now everything's bitching well
anyways oh yeah so what I wanted to
share with you guys is first of all this
video is sponsored by banning planet and
that's important because recently I went
to the dentist and he found oh shut up
because this was a comb that's perfect
oh I feel so good well I wasn't a
dentist and he found two cavities and
I'm like oh no I thought you only get
cavities when you're a kid when you
drink a bunch of fruit juice and candy
just go to sleep because now that I'm an
adult and I brush my teeth regularly I
thought that I'm immune to cavities and
it goes no and then he asked me what
kind of toothbrush do I use and I say
well I have electronic toothbrush and I
also have a manual toothbrush and
sometimes when I forget to charge the
batteries on the electronic one I use a
manual and he goes always use the
electronic toothbrush and I'm like what
do you mean always do you recommend this
for everyone he goes yes everybody and
I'm like but electronic toothbrushes are
hella expensive and it goes I know but
it's an investment in your teeth because
you only have two sets you have the ones
you're born with and then you have your
adult teeth so it's up to you to take
care of
okay that is a very good point you only
got two sets you don't want to mess that
up and which is why I really want to
share this with you because I have
teamed up with vanity planet and they've
been nice enough to offer me a discount
code to give to you guys this toothbrush
kit called the crystal Care Plus sonic
toothbrush it usually goes for 200 bucks
but with the discount code Barnes brush
it's 75% off and it's only 50 bucks so
this is super affordable this is a super
affordable toothbrush that you can get
to really take care of your teeth and
then if I ask the dentist unlevel what's
what's the perks that having an
electronic toothbrush and he said first
of all this bad boy right here it has a
two-minute timer on it so when you're
brushing your teeth on the regular like
you know what you're doing you could be
on your phone you can be on TV and
you're brushing your teeth and then it
feels like you've been brushing your
teeth or the recommended two minutes per
session but it can only be maybe like 30
seconds like have you ever tried
brushing your teeth with the manually
pushing and tightening yourself two
minutes is a very long time so first of
all there's a timer on this toothbrush
right here and it's second of all every
30 seconds it beats to let you know to
switch places so less for 30 seconds
sessions so the upper left upper right
bottom left bottom right and what's
beautiful about this too is after you're
done it's wet Fletcher's use it and it's
awesome but what's awesome about this
too is after you're done it comes with a
unique cleaner so it uses a UV light to
kind of kill all the germs and bacteria
that are on the toothbrush so that it
keeps it clean for the next I'm about to
use it and it protects it from any
pollutants that could be in the bathroom
area so for example if you got super
stinky poops and farts like me
there's probably poop particles floating
around in the air and you don't want to
leave your toothbrush just out and
exposed like this because above all that
you hear that you're putting on your
mouth so it's cool to have one of these
things to keep it nicely contained and
also this particular toothbrush
has three heads on it so it once soft
what's normal and one's a little bit
more firm for those people that like to
have a deeper and more intense brushing
experience but what I really really like
about this one in particular the Crispo
Care Plus sonic toothbrush would you be
who comes up with the tails look easy
why don't they just call it dope
toothbrush it was give it the longest
name the crystal clear.the plus sonic
toothbrush would be sanitizer but I
really liked about this one is uh
there's a super long battery life on it
so I've been using this this whole week
and I only charged it one time so the
problem that I had before where if I
forget to charge it then all of a sudden
I got is my manual toothbrush now I can
just I just have to remember to charge
it once a week like every Sunday or
something and it should last me the
whole time so make sure you go in the
link below because of the link below you
can go and get this specific toothbrush
and there's that specific discount code
Bart's brush that takes 75% off so this
is a super steal of a deal for the
longest time electronic toothbrushes in
my opinion weren't very affordable
because if you go to the stores you'll
see it for like 150 200 bucks 300 bucks
but this with that discount own for 75%
off and you only get 450 bucks that's a
steal of a deal and you only got two
sets of teeth so you really really gotta
take care of it and if you're adult now
you only have one set of teeth like me
so you want to try to avoid cavities at
all costs I'm actually probably to get
another one just so I can start brushing
my teeth three times a day because I
already do it morning at night but I'm
gonna keep one at the office so I could
brush it one more time in the middle of
the day because as an adult I don't want
to get any more cash so make sure we'll
check it out all the information and the
links are gonna be in the description
box below so now I'm gonna get ready
what's the first game we're gonna play
for just kidding party today the first
game we're gonna play for just kidding
party is actually mommy is that one of
your favorite games
I love mafia-like you know every time we
have a get-together and there's like a
little kickback a little little party or
a baby queue we always round up the crew
more like mafia time so we always plan
but we haven't played it in a long time
in our personal lives or on jkp
I know that people that are playing
today who's the sorriest one who fucking
sucks that mafia we got Brandon Josh
TIFF Julia and Joe everyone is really
fuckin good and very strategic and I'm
not good at ruling tales or signs that
give away their position but I if I had
to it's hard because I was such a dick
in this green know what you're trying to
get me to say but what am i trying to
get is that much Tommy that Josh sucks
no that's not what what what wow did you
hear that Josh did you hear that you're
not really good pie oh it might be
Brandon because I haven't played with
him enough to know his style so it's
kind of good and throw him into the mix
because yeah he got is uh you got the
poker face sunglasses on though who
sucks Josh who can you clearly tell your
mafia or you're cheating or you're lying
that's our actual job really Joe for
real yeah why huh what are his tales
like how can you tell that that fool is
lying or he's mafia or is the civilian
how do you know how could be so calm you
just notice no tell me about your
intuition how do you feel these things
this is on every single game we play
like resistance or mafia or anything
that it requires guessing you always
just know but just you're just always
wrong
no no that hits you too
no I didn't I'm talking to Josh now I
guess you two did it you didn't guess
that was right it's actually kinda hard
because everyone has layer I'm not used
to like really catching everyone stills
really I can't like tell about your
mafia orgy well no I could use my cousin
tip Kyle explore them spoil a bit a long
time I was saying how Geo's like really
like is it like she's always adjusting
like just like dying so you're telling
me that in this game if Jill's my fear
you're gonna catch it in like one second
you know Joe out of this group who
fucking sucks at mafia I was asking Josh
what his strategy was and he says he
just knows like he just knows everything
fuck's up so much that you don't know
anymore that's true and then you can't
follow how what he's thinking
so he's got me there yeah so you're the
guy that comes on the basketball court
and just fucking kicks it like a soccer
ball and then you're like I don't know
what strategy this is I'm not even
playing I'm a moderator entertainment
curiosity how many games the Mafia have
you probably gonna need to go back on
like the just King party account just to
see how many just so you can count to
zero okay oh thanks
okay I feel the animosity who's fuckin
sucks out mafia Julia out of this group
who do you fuckin hate being on your
team who are you like fuckin bitch why
the fuck are you my fucking home that's
true you did I feel like I show obvious
signs that I'm panicking in my I'm
really happy because right now I'm
building that animosity towards everyone
so I'm just gonna be supervising and
telling the story of this game of mafia
and now no one's gonna trust each other
cuz they'll hate each other so it's
gonna be a really fun game tune in I'm
just kidding party so Josh Josh who
ended up losing you know it's not about
losing it's just about you know being
the overall process and playing with
each other yeah so what does that mean
you lost yeah I thought you say you're
gonna learn you're gonna kill everybody
I was but everything then go as I
planned
how was that game why because Josh sucks
I just Brandon was gonna be yeah I
thought you were civilian soldier so Joe
weeks them enough starts pointing his
finger at two and then I'm like okay but
I know that it's running so now it's my
job as a detective or hob to persuade
everyone to call out brownie but Brendan
wasn't talking enough so I'm like shit
how do I get pregnant to talk so I can
have him like incriminate himself or
self-incriminate
and then um when I ran into white like I
didn't know where my friends - weren't
you want and then he started talking and
I was trying to listen for clues that
would give away his position so that I
can use that by the ammo so that I can
get the rest of the crew to think it was
him and then it worked
mmm good job nip you later how's that
game Joe was it too easy or was it too
hard but everyone always thinks I'm
mafia every time even when
I'm civilian even when I'm a cop or even
pedometers because I think they're so
traumatized of how many games I'd in the
minute I manipulated other people into
thinking but you also want to kill
people so you're the nurse and the first
thing you said is let's kill TIFF I'm a
nurse that likes to save themselves and
kill everybody else I'm trying to win
I'm trying to stay alive and figure out
who the real criminals were and guess
what we had no civilian casualties and
we killed out the Mafia so at the end of
the day but what if they what if they
voted for TIFF and they killed a
civilian you know sometimes in war
there's just some necessary casualties
that's true person has to die in order
for a whole nation to survive and that's
what they yeah it's just someone else -
that's a pond we can just talk about
right here we're gonna step outside of
you okay let me get your left wrist yep
you're not under arrest but when you
step out please just put your hands on
your back okay okay okay you step out
face towards your car and then scale
you
