so today I'm going to be doing something
super fun and something that I've never
done before I am going to be
participating in my very first
commercial ever and I'm gonna be
shooting for Jack Link's beef jerky and
this time I'm not behind the camera I'm
gonna be in front of the camera
so that's gonna be super freaking cool
and what's also really super freaking
cool is that I get to fly out to Vegas
all right it's just arrived to my
location and I have my wardrobe and a
suitcase because I'm supposed to be
wearing like business attire camera
equipment
everyone loading and unloading me the
unloading equipment see how the
production trucks I guess this is the
building where I will be filming but I
am like shooting some BTS we're gonna be
shooting right now and I really don't
know what I'm I just see people
equipment storyboards alright so this is
what let's I does this you're not even
on camera she's really tried to be on
camera right now what I will get you on
camera but what is this side with this
side right over here where we're at
she's gonna tell me what side I'm on
right now this is wardrobe wardrobe okay
this is wardrobe and she's telling me
that this is gonna be the pellet and
it's it's supposed to look kind of muted
subtle colors but useful so I kind of be
like hating her job and whatnot so she
wants me to try on a couple of things
that I brought so these things so I'll
show you guys what it looks like cool
about to get started
is the first shot no you're fine it's
someone at five minute break right now
let me show you guys what's going on
with shooting this holes horn shooting
this stuff so this is where I've been
sitting I've actually been sitting there
and this is where all the camera and
action has happened and we have here in
makeup people
oh and wardrobe all on standby
everyone is just working and then it's
way back there it's just the crew I'll
show you guys some more see the marks
where everything is and it's really cool
because they mark everything
in red it doesn't move see that I'll get
out of your way
oh good thank you see and all the extras
are back here background actors props
these are all props is that clear so
neat all the little details that they
get all that this doesn't really belong
to anyone
is this a real computer screen no it's a
paper that's a don't know who this girl
is
are there setting up well we're setting
up weirdos shot
this is awesome look at all these hands
on deck all that really dope equipment
oh my god this is great
all right so this is Jamie and I have a
bunch of food in my mouth or I'm so
sorry
well Jamie take it away whatever you
want to say go are you actually doing a
bla a video blog a video blog app while
we're at work
absolutely free and professional no it's
super passion this is my job
no this is actually real unprofessional
that's coming from the guy who was an
hour and half late to his compound and
what other drool yeah I fell asleep
because I'm real Tigers went to Bruce
Springsteen last night of the same
battery and I rocked harder than Bruce
no I won't do that because I'm not the
boss he's the boss we're all car than
hoo huh you rocked out harder than you
are now harder than 20,000 other people
yeah I was digging there they sure came
off my rock so harder Rock the goddamn
gold right off my gold chain what do you
do when you're not rocking out that's a
dumb question I'm always walking
all right besides rocking out what else
do you do I shoot guns the map I'm babes
I Drive pull car I take care of my old
stupid fat English bulldog it was like
living with your grandpa there's a World
War two veteran that both of his hands
blown off by German mines and all he
wants to do is scratch his ass they're
like alright grandpa this is enough you
got you were the greatest generation he
turns around looks at you like you're
the asshole but I love him he's my best
friend
alright last question where can the
babes find you know I think about a
bunch of social media sites for example
Facebook Instagram tinder bumble what's
that was a stupid site called happen I
think I want to meet some girl I drove
by in traffic on the 101 that's retarded
no Susilo where can people find you if
they want to look you up I live in the
real world yeah
we'll then that's how geometric hipsters
named you names like Michelle buteau by
my son Gio and just a bunch of triangles
tattooed all of your chest one of those
about nobody knows I'm dead little ass
thoughts I've done I'm done
so I we are all on a lunch break right
now
and I am down here even empty empty
floor what is kind of like this
makeshift like dressing room and makeup
room so basically they got this building
and I think used to be an old animation
company and they rented it out and for
now they're shooting the Jack Link's
commercial so down here is where they
have Ward oh she's got a table and they
put a bunch of different jewelry props
and then wardrobe over here and then on
this side I'll show you it's just a
bunch of makeup and they get this is all
portable so it's really cool your makeup
station they made me look this is when I
had arrived actually the way to
glamorous so they made me look well and
boring and I have to change my shirt and
stuff because I have like this coral
shirt they were like oh it's too vibrant
you're supposed to it's supposed to seem
like it's supposed to seem like you get
your job that was like okay we had to
change my wardrobe for me and then tone
down I mean absolute it off my eyeliner
nested my hair the bun up here but they
were like it's too sultry and then they
made anywhere like this pastel blue
shirt which I had to change out of right
now since we're on a lunch break and
they only have one of these items the
the clothing so they only have one shirt
I won't pee pads if I get that dirty
that I'm fucked for the rest of the
shoot so I had to change out of that to
play it safe but so far the experience
has been really really cool I'm gonna
grab a quick bite to eat and we're gonna
shoot and then we'll wrap and then feel
you guys up on my entire experience of
today
still filming waiting for my shot at
them so that's the doctor and they
believe the ad and then right over there
those hands he's controlling and
monitoring sound and all the audio
levels everyone's just watching the
actor on the screen but I gotta stay
quiet I want to talk to you about
so today nobody today I had my shoe or
jag links yeah
banana beef jerky beef jerky company had
such a wonderful experience because one
I actually use that product too it's my
very first commercial
and this is three actually got to speak
to the heads of Jaclyn's fi heads do you
mean like the owner owner but like
they're like people and you were like
the coolest most down-to-earth people
ever and like at least we you and I do
we genuinely connect with it I would
love them and
genuinely want to hang out with have the
same set of like morals to some
that you know someone else Poconos
you already the people that would
actually really outward like they were
cool that's our climate I'm sure custome
pencil take out and I saw like people
that classic real they're like real
they're paired with so they were series
real people I even though like I know I
was working for them I never felt like I
was working for them yeah you just
finally got the project together right
and then it was also an amazing
experience because then the cast and
crew that was there was super cool super
professional and everything was super
efficient as everyone knows at least we
know not Everest but when were filming
like things we never go everything gets
pretty bad all the time Murphy's Law all
the time on every single places but not
on this one so I so these thoughts you
there Charlotte everything was cool
I was like I kept saying like to it I
got it I got 60 it was 520 and it fixed
it my breath and I'm like dude am I
gonna be able to leave she said yup
you're all done and then they rap like
two minutes after I'm like this never
happens on his set so I just had a
really really really freaking cool
experience got to make it here on time
men with you know commercial is it in
that air on
all online yes yes I'm not sure like
commercial TV I don't know if that means
oh but it's gonna be on approval yes it
would be on that you know I didn't have
any lines but it was just fun being that
I was just like reacting to this just a
bunch of craziness that's one thing I
really like about Jack things but like
even the guy like the owner or whatever
he was like I'm on the head honcho he
was just like literally I still think he
was like you know what I'm not gonna
make it all serious because at the end
of the day we're just as man
there's no reason why we have to be so
like uptight I'm like that's exactly
right look II like has a comical
approach to like all of his commercials
like that right so I can't wait for you
guys to watch that commercial and then
when you see me in it be like really
fine because I do I feel about my farm
obligate you know like there's a lot of
times there's like this turns 18 15 very
seriously and as they should but
sometimes they make it or it's more
important than life itself where it's
more important than countries that don't
have water or because I don't have
electricity is like dude this is lifting
is a privilege yeah they're treating a
first of all problem so for me like I
love my bubbly and I love everything
that has you know veteran bodies but at
the end of the day it's still just
exactly
but now with it
check out the commercials that I was in
head to my description box below click
on the link to subscribe to Jack Link's
and let me know what you guys think
