and then she keeps telling me she's
gonna get out of yeah we have to get up
now have to get up not bad to get up now
then get out of bed we're gonna be late
wants to go to the gym
what bear yes just to get up I'm pretty
you have to get up mama bear
I'll have to get up you say you couldn't
get up not bring get up
yeah okay go go
my birthday soon yeah time no it doesn't
my bear finally get up
fine fine fine
wait let me see your arse real quick why
NoHo up for 30 minutes okay okay okay Go
Go you're it Oh put your feet down
that's scary
yeah my butt cheeks
wait scoot over you split my butt cheeks
fine Oh mom pretends to get up you're
good I mean you know move your leg the
other way you're so rude okay I'm gonna
fall off the bed again
positionally I can't even step down home
you should be no you mean I swear to god
I'm gonna fall camera speeds sounds
beats
scars possible
and
action
mother-father
why is it so hard for you to wake up in
the morning oh my goodness that is a
great question I don't know I think some
people I think I think some of us just
are naturally morning people and some of
us are not as far back as I can remember
I have always had issues waking up like
my mom has legit left me in bed trying
to wake me up for school she's like if
you don't wake up because she worked in
the morning as well so she needed to
stay on schedule so she's like if you
don't wake up I'm gonna leave you I'm
gonna leave you and then it just got to
that point where and I'm still young you
know when you still care about school
that age
ya know if I don't go to school I'm
gonna fail live yeah I was at that age
and I just didn't wake up and then it
finally struck me that like my mom was
giving me those threats and then I would
like wake up all frantic and scared and
panicking and I like my mom mom mom and
she was gone only happened once but
again as far back as I can remember I
always thought that and I think
like back when I was like three my mom
would drive out to perfect with it that
East LA my mom would drive out to
Burbank to visit her mom lit up every
weekend and you know for like for from
East LA to Burbank it's about 20 to 30
minute drive yeah so she would put me in
the back seat and then I would knock out
in that ride and then we would get to my
grandma's house Roma try to get me out
of the vaccine that would kick and
scream and I'd but no because I didn't
want her to wake me up but then she'd be
my ass like right away so then I never
gave him scream again but some form of
resistance always happen so are you
pretty much saying that you just think
that you probably didn't get your ass
beat enough because if it did then you
would just get out way faster I mean
probably but I'd have a lot more
psychological issues and we probably
wouldn't be together cuz you'd hate
means I'd be such a dark and depressed
person yeah probably you still be
together because I'm dark and depressed
you're depressed
what's your definition of depressed just
a psychological definition oh you don't
seem very depressed what do I send ah
very happy positive maybe I have a lot
of dark skeletons in my closet well I
think that would have seen those by now
like the well how do you want me to wake
you up in the morning to help you get
out of bed faster I'm an adventurer
nipples no no I don't really think it's
something you can do and honestly a
majority percent are like a majority of
the time I'm kind of milking it because
it feels so good you're so cute
what feels good when you wake me up like
that it's such a nice pleasant way to
wake up because it's happy like you're
making me laugh like you get really
creative like I'm sorry if I stress you
out you do because I'm gonna be late
after me people have to go to the gym
and then and then you just waste him a
time fine I think if you let me know
like hey I gotta wake up like maybe the
night before yeah I'll set my own alarm
- and then we'll be on the schedule but
because it's so pleasant yeah maybe I
take that for granted and I take
advantage of it um and uh and I just
kind of like fast bask in it that's are
you saying that that father's a good
partner yeah yes very good
poppers the best
I had a really good workout I usually
have a pretty good workout on upper body
days just because I think that's where
my foundation is we're back in the days
when I was only 15 years old all I did
was upper body bodybuilding so my mind
muscle connection in my upper body is
pretty good and every time I get a pump
I just feel that much more buffering and
the only problem though is because this
is the first week of my cut I made the
program have a lot of volume and the
rest is really short but because I'm so
big and fat right now I'm not used to
all that movement so even though the
weight that I'm using isn't very heavy
it was gassing me out like crazy I'll
try to do like the bare minimum and
weights so that every week I can
increase the weight and slowly build it
back up to where it should be but just
the volume alone volume meaning like the
reps and sets it was freaking tiring and
now I really feel how much of a fat slob
I am are you laughing at me right now I
did but I'm gonna miss calling you fat
what it's so funny it's just so funny to
call you fat when you're fat what and
it's only for you because I love you and
I know you're not sensitive and you know
that I don't think you're fat like you
know where it's coming from like it's a
really cute funny place you know what
the best way to reassure me is by giving
you a lot of Bill hugs and kisses
no no no blowjobs
what the fuck but I can't even find it
right now cuz you're good so you gotta
lift it up and then put it over no no
you have to lift up the fat like the way
the old school photographers used to
tuck their head underneath the fabric
before they take a picture you gotta
took it in there and then give me a
blowjob and I black Oh momma's so
sensitive
she loves me she doesn't mean all those
things you suddenly why did you ever go
work out mama I did I had a really good
workout I always liked Saturdays because
I don't feel pressured to like a
constant check the clock like I'm more
at ease you didn't mean like this I
still try to keep my resting to like
between three to five minutes depending
on you know what the what the exercises
but I don't feel this pressure to have
to like like go go go go and then you
gotta just and you get it it's like my
head's kind of like everywhere during
the week so Saturday's is always really
chill for me thank you
and it's bodybuilding flavored so it's
super chill jovica worked out I did I
really enjoy Saturday's bodybuilding day
just because I fill a pump so I feel a
lot buffer than I really am because then
all my muscles get full of blood and I
started seeing it and then we're right
underneath like some really good
lighting so that's like what's the other
games what Sun what yeah how do your
boobies feel they feel fine because I'm
not using anything that isolates my
pectoral muscles
I remember you're telling me that
sometimes on bench days even though it's
been months since after the surgery you
still feel like weird yeah it's movie
feelings yeah I think I'm gonna have to
so I've been doing some major research
and asking females that bench that have
a really good bench that do have
implants and they've all told me
that unfortunately I can't do muscles
and isolate the pectoral muscles for a
while
forever forever cuz I know some girls
that had it for like eight years and
they tell me they just train like
nothing happened
uh I don't know maybe they've had their
maybe their implant was put in
differently than mine oh we can't
breastfeed I don't I mean I don't know
there's so many different types of
operations yeah Dean horns but yeah I
don't know what type of surgery they had
but the one that I've had that's a
little bit more comment is it's under
the muscle so that's the only reason why
I can't build the pet got it come on
bear yeah you see what happened to my
shirt I came in and I hugged funny
that's the culprit right there and she
freakin smeared all this freakin lucky
or I booger whatever that crop is all
over my shirt why just do that funny I
thought you loved me I was hugging her
for like five minutes I really missed
her and she just came a freaking put her
freaking breaky doesn't do that
hobb Ricky you don't smear freaking
loogies all over damn it oh my god what
is that what in the world is this
there's a freaking big there's a big
pile of fucking shit it's fresh
I know cuz we leave the freaking door
underneath the door close the window
he'll this store whoa
cuz they always run out the window and
poop I don't remember if I walked it in
this did we mess up cuz they're really
good they are really good that size
probably funny but she has a really big
ball and someone left their drink here
after the meeting yesterday my bear we
have to clean up the poopoo what
bringing you saw up the cleanup rookie
Brittany yes yeah I just eat it eat it
go outside of shit it back out
oh come on Ricky yeah now I'm scared
what there's more land mines around here
let's see are there any more land mines
nope
so far so good just one freaking giant
pile of freaking Dookie let's see nope
not over here then over here none over
here
mm-hmm so far so good what about in the
kitchen so far so good
okay no Dookie anywhere here
okay what about here in the laundry room
all right no Dookie there any Dookie and
Mars office nope no Dookie in here no
Dookie here what about our bedroom
nodookie thus far no do any Dookie on
the bed good no Dookie on the bed okay
is there any Dookie in my drawers good
no Dookie in my drawers that's very good
are there any Dookie on my hat
no Dookie on my hat
that's good you know what's awesome
about finding and breaking even though
they did Dookie this time you can't
really get mad at them because they
never do this they're so good they're
always so potty-trained and I really do
think the only reason why they pooped in
here is probably because we messed up
when we left to go to the gym yeah we
closed the door so they can't go out and
then they probably were holding their
bladder cord
oh where do I go where do I go didn't
off the door to the bathroom where do I
go and then they reluctantly went over
that hump on you didn't want to poo poo
in the house that's not your style
you big qtpie huh you couldn't hold it
anymore you big for a monkey not clean
enough
we're back in our car mm-hmm how was
that experience
was that a hike or was it just me it was
it was I think it just you really like
it wasn't tiring for you a little bit
but I mean it was very short what I was
running up I felt like that was at least
a good two miles probably but I don't
know if I would call it a hike oh man it
is just me then huh because I'm out of
shape
yeah cuz I was running it like I never
run it like that oh my goodness I'm
really really out of shape yeah I think
you are how did you like it I loved that
I loved it that I got to see the pups
run around and I know how much like you
know like these dogs they they came from
wolves so especially like when I'm able
to see faun just run by herself like
every time we see that there's no one
don't just let go of the leash and I
just see your run and gallop it makes me
so happy because it seems like that's
her natural habitat like her natural
habitat isn't just in the living room
although she's super cuny when she's
there and she loves hugging and stuff
but every time we go hiking and I get to
see like jump rocks and jump five feet
in the air that's the stuff that makes
me really really happy and then brickies
like her own personal cheerleader
we're on farm runs around that was so
cool this cuny did you like I was it was
fun for me but um for you real quick
because you've how did you find this
place and did it meet your expectations
so I found this
place through someone else's IG and I
saw that I was dopes I just commented
I'm like yeah well this place that
because what I saw was there's like some
like coral reef looking place and then
next to a cliff and then there's really
blue water like Hawaii and it's like
commenting was that and they told me and
then I came in I think the place that we
really needed to go is around that cliff
but the problem is I think they have the
falling rocks right now so the
lifeguards weren't allowing anyone to go
around that cliff but that's where I
really wanted to go cuz the picture that
I saw on IG he jumped into the water
like there's like this little Cove place
where the water was kind of still but
very blue and he jumped in and I'm like
what
that's just like Hawaii so I'm always
trying to look for places that are very
very similar to Hawaii cuz I love the
beach I love water I love swimming and I
wanted to bring the pups with us but not
being able to jump in the water it's not
that like just me being able to see the
puppies running around so free it makes
me really happy I agree a hundred
percent as you're talking it makes me
feel like on the places that we want to
move in - like cliffside Beach like
other areas that we've discussed
I feel like now with the commentary that
you made about you know having the dogs
being their natural habitat I feel like
now I just want like an acre of land but
even that's not that close because the
acre of land it's still not wilderness
you know what I mean like if it's chair
if the backyard was like Eaton Canyon or
something then they can like run around
that's true poor babies throw cooped up
but they had fun they were running and
they were sniffing and they were just
having a good old time yeah I mean it's
not realistic for everyone to have a
giant piece of land but I think if we
all do our part and bring them out to
run around and stuff then it makes them
very happy now then most of the time the
dogs they don't really care about that
they just really want to just be with us
yeah so if they're with us they're happy
yeah if we can give a little bit back to
them and put them in their natural
habitat
around that makes them happy too I agree
good job papa thanks for picking a cool
spot thank you
what do we have here ma bear Jimmy I'll
barbecue knee if I let's get the food
out ye barbecue yes yes what is that is
that good I thought it would say on it
the peach cobbler the bread pudding oh
you got the mac and cheese with the half
rack of ribs yes we does our class is
different than everybody in for ribs
ribs
I'm really excited cuz I got fried green
tomatoes and fried green dill pickles
right next to you oh is that the peach
cobbler yes yes yeah miss this here
right where your laptop is can't open
these boxes account wait to see what's
inside
yours thank you
oh yeah whole rap a baby back ribs coast
oh my god the female is tantalizing good
oh my goodness are you doing oh dear
Lord
barbecue sauce it's making my mouth
water and the coleslaw oh I love having
coleslaw a barbecue because barbecue is
such a heavy meal there's like sugar
oils and all that and I just love the
crunch and the refreshingness tell them
about your decision to start macros
today and then in five minutes you
changed your mind about that I don't
know where to talk about Marber got the
roasted garlic mashed with the mac and
cheese oh and a little biscuit open the
other ones I want to see them oh is that
the apple butter oh don't make my mouth
water Oh what is that the freakin little
fried dill pickles Oh oh yeah I got a
half order cuz uh I thought oh oh no no
this is the fried green tomatoes and
this is the dill pickles oh yeah you
know what's beautiful babe what
technology for real fucking
we were driving back from the beach and
we were so hungry that we were like okay
our usual plan it would have been with
drop off the dog so they don't have to
stay stranded in the car probably go eat
or whatever so we drop off the dogs at
home so we can go and get food but mom
bear who is the queen of efficiency had
the bright idea of why don't we order
food so when we get back home to take a
shower when we come out the food will be
ready and I'm like I'm in the mood for
ribs what about you my bear she goes I'm
down so BAM thanks to modern technology
we ordered food in the car while we're
driving
now and the food is delivered to the
comfort of our home Thank You Buddha
Jesus Lord Allah and all the saints
above I am gonna eat this is too
wonderful and and first the guy he spit
on my ass and I was like that happened
before and I'm like okay with that like
it's a little bit weird he's feisty
getting it like lubed up whatever I'm
into it and and then he flips me over
and he's fucking me and he's looking me
