yeah so I was out getting fucking yeah
they're coming opener getting fucked the
other day I have an open relationship
for the record and uh and first the guy
he spit on my ass and I was like okay
I've had that happen before and I'm like
okay with that like it's a little bit
weird he's feisty getting it like lubed
up whatever I'm into it and and then he
flips me over and he's fucking me and
he's looking me in the face but I'm
bearing in your eyes daring total eye
contact
oh and he spits on my face Wow and I
feel the like spit like drip off my
eyelash I'm like and I'm like is this
what like rock pot I'm like with my legs
up over my head first of all is that a
turn-off where's that a turn-on
did I escalate it I'm escalated a little
bit like horrified spit in someone's if
your ass pencil on space for the record
like have a conversation with that yeah
yeah yeah you can't you like yeah are
you into this
maybe not I think of ideas part is that
he made eye contact with you know why
you looking at you so a Tesla hooks my
what everywhere everywhere yeah what
what happened like when you didn't do it
again cuz I think my face must have
mental expression as it drip and I kind
of like wiped it off with one hand you
gotta tell these stories on YouTube man
that's like so that's funny as fuck yeah
I get this video sometimes it's fitting
time you know whatever like you don't
have it I never want to spit on my
girlfriend's face while I'm fucking her
that's true maybe I've had someone spit
in my mouth and I was like that's fine
hot really in the mouth yeah I'm gonna
do that next time
I think it was the content sex so it's
like you knew some crazy shit was gonna
happen but when I remember I really
don't remember
no no that's disgusting oh my god
so I've never been like a porno shit
yeah yes Cydia somebody's fucking mouth
oh wow
but your face is even especially mouth
is worse because it's like inside your
face yeah but I mean it was a boyfriend
and then we were just yeah fuckin let
him piss in my mouth he's my boyfriend
making out for hours right spits ah shit
good Todd I think it's just like the
active intention behind it when you spit
on my face I bet you think you're a
piece of shit you're heavy like fucking
oh my god yeah and we're making out well
when you're making out when they're
making out the saliva is just mixing but
then when someone spits in your mouth
it's like they collected all the phlegm
from the bottom of the respiratory
system like that it was it all he's like
how grisly as Chris is he yeah it was it
was more gentle but it wasn't like that
but it was still spit in me with my leg
uh yeah I have a question about that so
I've never been fucking me at my ass
before when you have sex what's more
enjoyable getting fucked in the ass for
fucking someone else oh because I can
relate to the fucking someone else
because I've done that before yeah rusty
yeah yeah feels good
here's the other thing which most people
don't know is that you have a second
hole a second whoa
first hole if a guy has like a really
big dick like eight and a half nine
inches in holy shit second hole so if a
guy's like really really hung he can hit
it if he's really big he goes through it
so you get fucked in two holes at the
same time what in the world only deal I
can I need dick God see my god that why
a lot of straight guys when they get
like really really older and their
asshole gets more loose they start using
dildos and stuff do they even he doesn't
know cuz I don't even know what you're
talking about
it's like the finger of God it's just
like you something
so does it feel like you're coming but
it's just a lasting for a long time kind
of yeah it's like it's like it's like a
really intense like orgasm ethically oh
that orgasmic feeling does it also make
you cum cuz you want hangover there's
this one scene where uh the the person
in Thailand was telling him that when I
was fuckin you and I cum came in you you
came on the floor and I'm like wow is it
that powerful where you can come if
you're getting fuck you can come without
touching your dick get the holy shit
yeah I could attend in your prostate
yeah but also like you can you can
experience this in straight sex too like
you can have like your girlfriend like
you something really good boy for that
thing right there a little flute like
that that would hit the second hole
that's crazy
we were small but you might have you're
a second home if you lower then like
mine Whateley everyone has a second
woman yeah everyone does I don't have
like a guy thing
no it's like it's like because you have
your I don't know the anatomy but you
have like the like what is it be initial
like the rectum there's like there's
like you can and then there's like
another hole that goes into those I
heard that oh shit rolls don't
experience the same booty sensations
that guys do because they don't have a
prostate in their butthole that's true
we have vaginal walls that can be
stimulated
and also it's like psychologically hot
like like how is sucking a dick
different than eating a hotdog like it's
not hot to me to eat a hotdog what's hot
for me to suck a dick
because it's mental it can be hot for a
girl to get fucked in the ass even if
she's not a prostate not even girls like
you can get the g-spot through but some
girls enjoy a butthole more than a
vagina no I really don't I really need
it like on my campus well you have but
sex before did it did it stimulate your
g-spot when you're getting butt sex it's
just a whole different feeling I mean it
felt cool after a while but it was just
like yeah I just haven't had enough to
be like yeah this shit is but girls
don't they don't get the preparation
part of it that like you like you can't
just and I think straight guys think
they can just stick it in and like
that's their strategy like oh I'm going
to just stick it in and see what happens
and maybe she'll let it like you have to
if you're gonna have anal sex you need
to like prepare and cleanse and like
like put a hot towel on it that is
softened watch the show new boss booty
out of your app Oh much knowledge right
now yeah you're all good learning about
all this stuff I would have never known
me to explore my kidding turns out gay
it's like guess what I know all about
that shit mother fucker
clean your fucking asshole out a deuce
that you fucking dirty fuck no fucking
dirty ass gay kids better clean his fuck
are you on the market for a new car I
could be what do you mean you could be
why I get no Prius no more that's for
sure why because somebody making side
comments all the time about my car
choices I wanted to get a Prius I was
gonna get a Fiat why do you want to get
the smallest cars when you're like six
two is not your praises aren't that
small and they're very gas efficient
just don't give up
what do you need to be gas efficient no
but I don't have to um what's the call
you filled my tank as much but I also
know your tastes and you like nice stuff
and it's since you've been working so
hard I just want to reward yourself not
saying that I was the one that told you
not to get the Prius well the hard thing
is is that what the way I purchase
things is very weird and I realized that
even the nice thing that I have it has
to have a purpose okay so if I do people
Oh let you spend good stuff on yourself
a camera camera is not really for my for
my pleasure though but it's a pleasure
but I have to use it for work - yeah if
like I will never I won't say never but
I rarely ever buy things that are just
for the sole purpose of having it the
only thing I did was shoes and I stopped
buying shoes yeah so you know and on top
of that - like right as my mom put it
she goes every now and then you should
buy something nice for yourself as long
as it within your means and you're
perfectly okay so what I'm gonna be
doing is actually uh I just bought a car
last year yeah which was my Jeep and the
reason why I bought that car was because
my mom called me a cheap bastard yeah I
should get rid of my piece of shit car
junk a second yeah she goes and it's
about time you get a new car so I
thought read that one and now this Jeep
that I bought I'm actually give it to my
parents as a gift clean it up real nice
give it to them it's only a year old has
less than 20,000 miles on it it's all
yours and with that I'm gonna listen to
them do you think that day we should get
a Prius
no what David he's just such a big dude
and he's cool and he has like swag like
as soon as he
gettin a Prius every girl's pussy dries
up you don't want to get the dry pussy
effect do you Dale it because I was like
now you're fun but they say I'm gonna
get a Prius and I told Mary Allah you
know what I'm gonna get pretty she goes
oh she knows what you fucking hated them
I'm not gonna get pretty thing do you
think the Prius gives the dry pussy
effective why you want to be with a
Kasey if you had a breeze I couldn't cuz
you're a pussy should be dry all the
time cuz you gotta fuck I should be
chasing I mean in case you got a priest
now I'd be like cool cuz you're with
them now yeah but if I met him and he
had it I'm just kidding I'm not that
superficial I would probably buy
literally let me buy my shaken so quiet
you see the new one the new one looks
hella futuristic and the toy but yo man
let me tell you something for no no yeah
she always judges my hard choices I
won't hit none I told you get the Ava
outie when he's telling you not to
that's different no but it wasn't a
priest get the Tesla well what's wrong
with the Tesla that shit got everything
that Prius has to offer and it's swag
the fuck out yeah so what I also found
out too is when I was test driving all
these cars yeah I don't like cars I
really don't give two shits about what I
drop it then why don't you don't even
drive it just uber all the time so but
my father is expensive and so what I was
thinking is what what would get me to so
for example I drove all the Mercedes
SUVs yeah with the GLA the GLC whatever
whatnot right it didn't make me feel any
better than from when I was driving my
Jeep my jeeps not that bad either
then just get the srt8 that's all
thinking to myself what do I like about
the cars that I thought were cool it was
- technology that's why I went to Tesla
and uh funny story about Tesla
so what I noticed - so Merrill gives me
shit about the way that I talk she goes
you know not so much shit but she
noticed that I talk in a very like
ghetto slang type of way and in my mind
you're just American I just old I clean
it up a lot so it's not as bad as it
used to be yeah but what happens is is
that there are remnants of how you
beep no matter what at the true core
yourself yes I walk into Tesla I don't
want to freak these people out I'm super
cool so you're like good morning huh Oh
like you mind if I actually step in the
car is that okay and she goes yeah sure
I was like D we'll do you have the keys
so so I could actually enter into it she
goes oh you don't mean icky just touch
the handle and when I touch the handle
it popped up you want that I said what
bitch shit I fucking blew my cover but
um that's not any other they knew you're
a get up basically I blew my cover at
that point but it's hard to like when I
step the car I was like this is the shit
I do like the technology in it but I do
like to acknowledge the Audi a4 as well
but Tesla is leaps and bounds ahead of
any car out there right now and if
you're looking for technology and the a4
is cheaper wait are you looking what's
your number one like when I was car
shopping my number one was speed like I
want some that handles I want some that
goes fast and that's why you got a BMW
or they're both fast no no but what are
you looking for um coolness like I like
interior design
oh you got to go with the test lazy then
no see that's the part that's just
next-level but and also that a Ford the
interior design is amazing uh so I I
don't know so I'm gonna let the salesman
pitch it to me to put to have them
convince me so this is when the salesman
gots to come in and whoever does a
better job ends up with the customer I
told them to I said by the end of the
latest that I'm going to purchase the
cars in two weeks so it's already been
four days like I already told them both
about the other dealership because
they're right next to each other as I
told my wonder you have to convince me
the other way around I was like you like
the Audi is cheaper but that doesn't
really matter because it's not cheap
enough to loading yeah affect my
decision plus it's the lease so I'm not
really that concerned so now it just
depends on who wants some more who wants
his customer more yeah so what who can
really like convince me the other way
around because I would be happy with
either one so it really depends on what
I want I know though deep down in your
heart you want to test sleazy I know cuz
you've been talking about since like
five years ago I think it's just cuz it
makes me feel like I'm Tony Stark
exactly and you buy a nice things to
make you feel good yeah so I think you
should get that
maybe we'll see
come on bear hi papa
did you have a good dinner I did look at
my glasses oh you can't tell we're
trying to fog them up a little bit I had
a really really good dinner why could
you were with your friends yeah
but I think I had like a really good
dinner mainly because on Thursdays you
know when we shoot Jay Kingi as we shoot
these long long long hours or we start
pretty much 10:00 a.m. and then we start
at 10 but we wake up like at 9:00 yeah
the night before we probably go to sleep
at like I don't know a 12:00 or 1:00
yeah and then we don't even finish until
like 9 p.m. so it's pretty much like a
12 hour shoot day yeah and we're trying
to like fire out um content you know
we're trying to vlog vibe with each
other out onto each other's jokes try to
create a really um high energy high
ornament vivid fun conversation and then
afterwards our brands are like soul
fried that right now the second to last
article that we did I was still I mean
the last article that we did I was still
thinking about the second to last
article and I started getting the
articles mixed up and I was like wait
what does this have to do with the other
thing we're talking about and the whole
time I was like what the fuck's going on
right now now my eyelid shutting in the
middle of the take what the fuck and I
know and then so when we go each in San
goomy which is like one of my favorite
places on earth
I feel so satisfied to eat two plates of
beef and then two bowls of rice because
it just stuffed me and I'm like you know
when you work really really hard and
then you're able to just chow down in
here you sit there and you have like
this big fat potbelly just like oh this
feels so so rewarding I think it feels
even better there because um we
like the what is that call like the the
hot the shabu-shabu
well this it's but it's a hot plate
underneath it the Bunsen burner yeah the
Bunsen burner thingy so everything
around you is very warm and very
comforting so it feels like a blanket is
over you yeah so I feel like that also
adds to it the calming soothing effect
of like relax slow it down I know you're
tired you enjoying your food but just
stay warm and comfortable cuz it makes
me really sleepy that heat I think for
me the thing that made me the most
comfortable is the bomb food so the
first two shots probably the heat
doesn't do anything nah cuz I really
like shabu shabu and then I really like
yakitori
and so yeah Couture is they play up your
balls as you're talking to me no I'm
scratching my gosh it says then I'm
scratching my thighs I'll just put my
feet block it well anyways before you
really interrupted me yeah you're good
now you're touching your head almost
scratching my nose in your lying
no I'm scratching my hair see my head
itches fine don't just don't sink oh and
now you're gonna put it by your I can
get pika what is it stupid I was
scratching my thighs I don't know look
like balls but anyway anyways um the the
delicious yakitori which is Japanese
skewers so I love the combination I
always get my climb miso soup just that
whole thing that's like a huge Japanese
Thanksgiving and it fills my tummy and
then now I could just knock out I just
feel great after a hard day's at work by
JK news it's probably one of the hardest
days of my week but also one of the
funnest days because it's hard because
it's a long shoot but it's fun because
we never really get to kick it as
friends and with David but we but
because of JK knees you get to kick it
with our friends for 12 hours out of
time it is pretty nice yeah I love that
I'm in a room with you guys and then
we're hanging out yeah and then
afterwards you get to eat like a bomb
bomb meal it's been tradition I've been
doing like eight weeks in a row now we
go Shinsengumi which is awesome
it's really awesome are you tired not
bad I'm pretty exhausted it feels really
nice
we should she should show them our
position
this is a legs so obviously so we're
whispery it sounds kind to do it for you
know this is my vlog I'm sorry I know
you know people say your vlogs are way
better they like your vlogs they say I'm
boring this is your point yeah really
yeah
so what are you gonna do to not make out
or uh I don't know I'd have to have a
more fun life because I'm always at home
or in the office it's pretty boy well I
do the same shit I think it's about your
perspective that's true yeah I do the
same thing that you do that's true but
you're crazy I need to be crazy like you
don't even need to learn from you you
don't want to be please you can make a
topic out of poopoo
you're awesome well well I didn't go
sleep yeah I was already gonna sleep
everyone and she was looking for other
guys this day
well besides missing you I shot this
video no your what video is this nobody
went up
