good morning y'all kind of in the same
mindset what I like to get my workouts
done early in the morning and out of the
way on mine on training days I like to
get my protein shake out of the way just
don't have to worry about it you know
and I usually when I do train I don't
take the protein shake in the morning
cuz I take it as soon as I get back so
as soon as I come back and work it out I
take my protein and I doubt it and
that's kind of the start of the day but
uh I'm not training the start of the day
is the protein shape just so that later
on I already know I already have a head
start on 50 grams of protein cuz I take
two scoops and so now I have to fill up
the rest with normal food and that gives
me a peace of mind there's a lot of
times where I'm like you know what I'll
take it later or I'll take what I get
back and life just gets so busy
usually when you wake up there's so many
other thing that occupy your mind where
you can just forget and then they are on
when I'm laying in bed or even worse the
next day I'm like oh shit I didn't take
a protein shake cuz I know you can't do
anything about are you going to lay in a
bed like for me um this is my phone
alarm I love it when I'm able to wake up
a four-mile alarm so today since it is a
off day at least in the morning I set my
phone to go off at 9:00 but I woke up at
8:30 feeling really good I decided to
just get up and get my day started but
um anyway those are soon why I was
saying that like if you kind of miss the
protein
and then for me like at the end of the
night when I'm laying in bed I realize I
didn't drink my protein yet I can't
really drink it then or fix that just
because my bladders kind of sensitive at
night or if I drink too much liquids
I'll end up getting up and peeing like
three times which ruins the quality of
sleep so for me because I know that
factor and I am really trying to build
muscle I know that the best way for me
to keep track of my protein intake is on
my off days to knock down the protein
early on in the morning and also what
I'm tasting that I also take is a
multivitamin so let me just read you
what's on the back of this thing okay
vitamin C 500 percent of daily value
vitamin A 200% thiamine 5,000 percent
ribble flavin flavin 4,000 vitamin b6
two thousand five hundred percent and
it's important to get vitamins in your
body because when you're eating a diet
especially in the modern age we eat a
lot of processed foods and a lot of
times we don't know the nutrients in our
body and our body needs all these things
to function when unless sneeze all that
sorry
bless me sorry how about again put it on
with but like one thing I learned I was
at the CrossFit Games last year and we
were at this booth and
biggis allergies we're at this booth and
the person was explaining to me that a
lot of times when your vitamin C intake
is low that's when you feel really
shitty after workouts because what we
call fried CMS's I'm going to lift
really hard or you have a really long
tough day and the next day you wake up
but I dude that was exhausting when
there's too much stimulus and when you
go to Disneyland all day for 12 hours
there's too much stimulus what happens
is you have adrenal fatigue and what
that is is when your adrenal gland
produces too much adrenaline in your
body it's high throughout the whole day
there's got so much stuff and so much
stimulus going on your adrenal gland
runs on vitamin C so if you have a low
vitamin C count your body can't produce
more adrenaline adrenaline isn't just
used for when you see a tiger and like
all shit got run away from this
motherfucker adrenaline is just
throughout the day anytime you need a
little boost it's kind of like your
body's natural stimulant and it gets you
up and get you going but if you don't
have vitamin C your body can't produce
that hence the next day you feel
exhausted after a really crazy workout
or or spending all day at Disneyland and
once I found that out I realized your
body is actually running on a lot of
micronutrients and all of us focus on
macro like protein carbs fats but a lot
of micronutrients I call the vitamins
that you need that makes your body
function and I noticed that if I'm able
to stay consistent on my multivitamin
for like a whole year and I get my eight
hours of sleep there's been like a whole
year where I only get sick like once and
if I don't because I train so hard when
you have adrenal fatigue and it's
wasting all the vitamin C resources what
other parts of your body also runs on
vitamin C your immune system so now you
got two systems pulling on the same
vitamin C storages and now what happens
you get sick that's a lot of reasons why
before my meets a lot of the times like
if you watch a lot of other vlogs or the
power
lifting videos I always get sick like
two or three weeks before the meet
because I've been training so fucking
hard have crazy adrenal fatigue and my
vitamin C storages are completely
exhausted to the point where now my
immune system has nothing to run off of
and you just get sick and because of
that it's important to me now as I get
busy and busy and busier I can't afford
to just take time off so multivitamin I
always stress it like crazy
I'm albrecht away so vitamin C I always
stress it like crazy to the point where
I also buy one for us a special someone
I don't want to name and they don't
always take it I don't know why I
explained all of this stuff to that
special someone do you know who that
person must be an idiot I would say that
I would see that but you know I
explained all that because I want that
other person to run at their optimum as
well and to have all their
micronutrients and their vitamins
necessary for them to p-probably digest
properly sleep properly have immune
system brothers everything it takes to
be a good optimal functioning human but
some people they just don't know they
just I don't know what it is all right I
gotta go but what is it what is awesome
that other person who doesn't take you
on a consistent basis they're idiots
stupefied if I said that first night but
you fucking idiot if you even you think
she'll get mad at me she um before you
go yet I mean before you leave you have
to check something out on the couch that
I'm pretty sure it was pretty left what
and she's a little shit I was going to
clean it up but I'm not literate because
it's fucking cute what do you think do
you think though that uh I think say
that's that person but you spell every
but
yeah so as you can see this is very very
important if you're trying to stay
healthy like if you're trying my husband
like a motherfucking I mean I ain't
trying to hunt like a motherfucker on
every single area I'm saying that your
work don't say you'll family life is
shit your workouts and shit you know I'm
saying like you just trying to hustle
you can't have nothing bring you down
feeling can't bring you down to the ramp
y'all say bring it down to the ground
out of town when people come to you tell
you gotta make the BAL you're on me so
uh yeah especially vitamin C in the
morning we're not inviting to see the
multiband
good morning hey Farley braggy
oh it's excited to see you I didn't you
did she bought those harnesses break
each dump enough yeah I forgot which
color goes on who I guess the bigger one
on funny and a smaller one I'm ready oh
they TIF is coming over today to help
Bonnie take her to a bad place
yeah I just use the other one
are you excited fine they're gonna smell
good again not that like you're dirty or
anything but she is kind of a first kind
of like stickier something dander going
crazy every time they see the leash they
go crazy
are you excited funny to get a bath only
funny today okay breaky only funny today
by Ricky is this what your mom was
talking about all these tissue papers
did you wrinkle them
Ricky I'm talking to you Ricky look did
you do this don't stick your butthole in
my face
Ricky Ricky Ricky I don't think she care
but if your mom said that you did that
you probably did that but I think Ricky
is too excited right now because all she
could think about is that funnies gone
that's your sister and best friend huh
I'm breaking you know that where does
she go where does she go oh you love her
so much that's all you can think about
where's funny find me what are you where
do you go with my sister go
that's what brick is thinking huh Oh
every single time fawn runs out like you
feel Eve like the back door open or I
forget to close the gate and she just
jumps the fence or something break is
always running in circles I'm barking
and that's kind of how we know if fawn
runs out and it's so cute because I
freaking love each other like crazy that
breaky just like will let you know it
wears fun respond respond she's gone
she's gone
and right now TIFF came to take fun to
get a bath um and so I think Greg is
like left by herself and now she's like
all shit was funny but uh we were trying
to schedule for both fun and Brady to
get a bath at the
same time but at a current local dog
place if you schedule two dogs for some
reason it's going to take six hours and
we don't want one dog to be chillin
there for like five hours while the
other dogs getting Washington vice versa
so TIFF was my assistant by the way she
found a dope Express dog wash where if
you just sign up one dog as soon as you
bring them in they knock them out and
one out I'd not knock them out but I
wash them in one hour and then they
bring them out and then the next day
Tiff's gonna come and get bricky
but since she's scheduled Phan first
breaky is super super hyped up doesn't
know we're funny is was funny my sister
was funny big I know I'm going crazy is
usually they're super chill they're just
like chillin right there with the
tissues but now that was funny other
know a funny way was for the potato Oh
Pookie oh he missed his sister huh she's
only been gone for like two minutes
she's gonna be back in an hour you
little silly you know what I have to do
today I have to pay for all these
parking tickets that's one two three
four five of them and yes obviously if
I'm a little bit more attentive to the
signs I'm a little bit more responsible
and I remember where I'm supposed to
park I park in the right place I won't
be getting these tickets but living in
the city that I live in and specifically
the street that I live on it makes it
very easy to get parking tickets so for
example when I even for example this is
real life I live in Alhambra and in
Alhambra you cannot park overnight on
the street without a permit but the
problem is they will only give out a few
number of permits per household
so since me and Gio have three or four
cars we only get a few permits
that means when we are driving a
specific car when we switch to the other
car we put the other car in the garage
then we have to take that permit out and
put it on the car that we're going to
park on the street and sometimes you
know we work late we come home and we
forget about that and then we get a
ticket there second of all there's a
second parking permit that we need
during the day and that's because due to
the schools around here there's been an
influx of street parking so residents
complaining in school that the city came
in and was able to create a solution
very quickly but once again every
household is only limited to a few of
these secondary permits and if you don't
have one and you park your car for over
an hour for example if tip is my
assistant and she comes here during that
time and she parks for over an hour
she's gonna get a ticket what sucks
there's babysitters there's personal
assistance what if your mom wants to
come over and stay all of those if you
stay for more than an hour during the
daytime you're gonna get another ticket
and then on top of that on the street
there is specific street cleaning which
I'm not used to because I grew up in
Cerritos and in Cerritos you can park
your car on the street and when the
street sweeping comes they just drive
around your car like obviously not
everyone's going to leave their cars on
the streets covering where the gutter is
so there's just like one or two cars you
know and every 100 feet or something and
the street sweeper will just drive
around it but in Alhambra the street
sweeping it's eight to twelve on our
side in the morning then on that side
it's on twelve to three so what makes
that even hard for us is we're like okay
cool then we'll just prepare the knife
of fun we park on the other side but the
problem is it's not that it's the next
day that they come in street sweep it's
the same day at a different time so
because of that these days both me and
Geo instead of carpooling to our office
we have to drive together
because if we leave both of our cars
here number one we don't have enough
daytime parking permits number two on
the days of JK news if we just prep and
leave our car on the other side after
they streets lead this side in the
morning from 8:00 to 12:00 we're clear
but from 12:00 to 3:00 they're going to
go to that side and since I'm not able
to come back I'm going to get another
ticket so I can get two tickets or three
tickets in one day and I've been trying
really really hard to keep track of
which side is which but I think all
these rules are made for the very
typical average 905 family where the dad
goes someplace for work the mom goes
someplace for work they only have two
cars they all leave and then I think
that's it makes that easy for them
although I do see a lot of people still
getting tickets even if they do live
that nine-to-five lifestyle for me and
Gio sometimes we're home all day working
sometimes we're gone all day working but
in both ways it's easy for us to get
tickets so that kind of sucks but a
ticket is a ticket so I have to pay
there's nothing to really contest you
know it's just we try to go to City Hall
and ask for more permits they won't give
it to us and so that does kind of push
us a little bit to want to leave
Alhambra I really like our house it's
beautiful and it's spacious and the dogs
love it there's a pretty decent backyard
but it's just the the city situation it
makes it really hard to live because not
only do we get tickets but all of our
friends get tickets and all of our
family gets tickets and this is just it
doesn't um doesn't work with the way we
want to live in our lifestyle you know
which kind of sucks I was really
enjoying this place so it might even be
possible where we started looking like
two next which city do we want to move
to in addition the house that we live in
we're renting by the way we are saving
up for a home but uh in addition to the
house that we live in it's an older home
so I think all the cables are kind of
like they're old so even though we have
the fastest internet available for
charter I think that's like 100
megabytes a second as soon as someone
needs to upload all of the internet
shuts down we can't even go on Instagram
and look at pictures that's how crazy it
is and also all the pipes in the home
are old so sometimes I'll flush the
toilet and then that the kitchen sink
will overflow and water
so before I think we love the house but
it's just things here they're there they
start adding up and then it kind of
makes us want to move like we didn't
even think of that as an option because
you really love this place like we love
the huge window like that's one of the
biggest things that we love about this
house but just kind of with the ticket
situationally this really sucks you know
and I've had ticket situations before
where I still live in Monterey Park and
they kind of have a similar system not
as strict but I do have a street
sweeping system at least alternating
days and not the same day I used to get
tickets over there too and at least I
got used to that but in Alhambra it's
really crazy too I have to change your
car twice in the same day just to move
it over that's that's pretty crazy so I
don't know we may we may move we may
have to look but we're just so busy
right now it's not even really that big
of a focus but it is important to pay
your tickets because before um when I
just kind of neglected it or this back
like ten years ago I was just kind of
like oh don't worry about it and then it
would go to collections and then once it
goes to collections it can affect your
credit so it's super important to pay
your parking tickets as soon as you get
them because the last thing you want is
for like a little like careless mistake
like this to affect your credit score
which can have long-term effects and it
takes a long time to bring your credit
back up there was a point where I think
when I was in early college I had so
many tickets and I forgot about him and
went to collections that I tried to
apply for like a thousand dollar credit
card and I didn't even get approved for
that and I was a student car too
so you got to stay on top of River shit
and because of that we've already been
piling up for like two three weeks I got
his paint all this off on one sweep so I
have nothing to worry about funny you're
back you look so clean
come here funny man funny
Oh Jim is Papa Amos Papa didn't you oh
you big cutie pie where are you
burrowing in there Greg you want some
lovin too
funny oh you look so clearly here fast
pants go faster fast pants are big qtpie
are you guys looking for your mama your
mama went to work a long time ago this
morning you silly Sally I like her every
time they finish give even funny a bath
and grooming her they give her a little
bandana she smells good huh Ricky uh I
guess not
it's gonna be your turn tomorrow you
guys gonna be too clean puppies
Ricky's happy that you're back always
following her around your big cutie
yep that's breaky she cause that big
mess over there stupid toilet paper mess
you guys look so cute together
come here funny funny man go up up come
here funny Oh break is coming in we
little stinker you don't smell good fun
yet but tomorrow you're gonna be clean
funny
Manny you big cutie funny funny bananas
oh you missed her didn't you you missed
her you guys love each other so much
so how was it coming back close to me
because we've never been that close
before weird all I kept thinking was
don't open your eyes don't open your
eyes and every time I'd open my eyes
that you just be like this funny dude
I've never I think you uploaded a photo
one time are you like super close to
your face yeah I've been you captioned
it like most of you will never get this
close or something like that
Oh mean I never thinking oh good I hope
I never get I ever get that close in it
today it happened that's why I was so
nervous I'm like fuck I hope I don't get
Bart I hope I don't get bored what up
everyone
you're the who knows hoping you wouldn't
get cuz Clem aggressive your first of
all your aggressive second of all you're
like a big person so just being that
close like I don't know think it's just
I don't I just didn't want to go there's
too much pressure
yeah we're just too much alike look then
that plus it's like I knew you're gonna
like just go for it and be like
aggressive and trying to eat as much of
a net as possible and I was just gonna
try to be there and not laugh at that
failed I failed so miserably I felt bad
because I did a flat faking you got
banana all over your face that was
intense I was texting Casey I'm like I
was just like an inch away from Bart's
face what do you say you like what the
hell's going on over there yeah telling
him but it was cool plenty I wish she
was here to see that reaction I'll be
show them the video went without this is
a my view of you we're going I was like
this close eyes and then I could I could
hear and feel you breathing and open
your eyes and see your eyes yeah and I
was like oh shit and so once I once I
felt your breathing I was like fuck she
could probably feel my breathing too and
that's probably gonna make her laugh so
I was trying really hard not to breathe
oh yeah cuz I wanted to get closer I
didn't feel a breath I just like I felt
her your body heat get closer to me like
that warmth and I'm like oh fuck you're
getting close pretty close oh shit
but good thing we did really good we got
it we won yeah I actually wanted to get
even closer I was hoping that it could
be like our teeth touch and then tell
you get paper
I was telling you like do you there's
something I don't know I was trying to
like meld into your to like pull your
teeth I mean your lips back but because
for my view it looked like you're doing
this but I guess you were doing it I
think it's hard cuz I think the strategy
since we have no hands we have to use
the lips to hold it and then we move
forward and take a bite and then needs
the lips to hold it and take a bite
because you can't hold it with your
teeth we'll just break off like everyone
else yeah and I kept forgetting like oh
should I need to eat the bananas so I
had like a big ol like chunk of banana
in the back of my mouth I thought that
down my throat like I was deep throating
someone oh yeah I think I would actually
I found out today just like giving
blowjobs thank you for being on my team
we killed it we did Emre we are randomly
gonna select who is on a team when it's
your team's turn I know I know cuz then
if I I fight in my way I'm gonna go with
him that's not very good
all right so we're randomly gonna select
what the teams are when it's your team's
turn to go up we're gonna peel this
banana so that's good peel the banana
you guys are gonna place is this
something sexual no in your mouth each
player so it is right yeah now the goal
is that again dragon thumbnail right
oh all is to eat as much of the banana
as possible without my lips with the
peel on no no you want to come on I'll
be funny though disgusting the banana
together with the peel on you want to do
that you do that with mark me and Jordi
kiss like twice on JK party
no but it's kissing it's I think I think
it wouldn't be fair if if you guys get
picked Yeah right I know so that's why
I'm trying to make it at random but if
we so happen to be on the same team
we'll switch it again
alright so comfortable yeah how you're
gonna win yeah I mean even if it's us
two I would I would I don't know anyway
so what's the goal is the goal is it is
it vs. is like let's see who could eat
more of the banana before our lips touch
the gold it's not time
so what's the goal she want to be money
I think the goal is to make it as small
as possible right that's like that's
like some angle but I think the
underlying goal here is for you to be
sexual no for you not to laugh hard that
your popsicle is disliking friend of
yours that you're not intimate like that
so it's not it's not about winning no oh
the phases can we grab the back of each
other's heads off camera like I want you
guys to feel as uncomfortable as
possible okay and like take your time if
you have to lock like the you can't
remove the banette like 101 yeah once
the bananas in your mouth it's better
stay there so if you're going to laugh
and crack up that should stay in your
mouth at any point in there that oh yeah
so ever okay so is it like like they're
working as a team right yes and whoever
leaves the smallest piece of banana wins
really I mean talent so without touching
you touch the lips then it's bad yeah
yeah yes so you can't touch lips you
don't go in and then eat as much as the
banana to where you leave as little
banana left and then you win oh well I
was trying to figure out what the goals
of the game are cuz I'm strategizing
right now you're trying not lips but you
want the smallest piece out of all all
your animation I see
bull No so once you feel like so once
you feel like that's it you can't go any
further just call it just be like okay
well then just spit it out okay I'm
gonna keep going until the bananas
microscopic then there's a piece of
paper I'm gonna keep going until it's
like as thin as a piece of paper is so
competitive
alright you can't eat the entire banana
you can if you not the dealer purses
lips I feel yeah go ahead
we go in and then when he comes forward
No
yeah so far camera plate-up go slower
there's it's not timed at all you know
everyone got it yeah yeah okay oh no
that's not fair these guys should play
too
yeah all right I'm ready
easy from watching for real all right so
let's intro Oh does that say remote
usually during JK party shoots I sweat
like crazy from my armpits you see this
all my shirts they're always drenched
here and here my armpits but also my
lower back is sometimes right but that's
why I wear a wife beater to prevent
myself from sweating through the shirt
especially if the games get really
really intense and between takes usually
I get tissues like this and I fold it no
one knows this but I put it here fucking
bitch I put it here then I put it here
and I just chill on my phone while those
guys set up just sort of short the sweat
my sweaters are smelly I don't even need
deodorant don't have any Bo but I just
sweat like a motherfucker I'm so frickin
sweaty all the time if you guys can feel
this it's like wet want to feel the
stops oh right okay yeah that's my sweat
so yeah it doesn't smell though but do
take showers in the morning and rinse
out night but this is movie I don't know
why I'm so sweaty but if you guys are
all so sweaty mole falls like lean where
a wife-beater underneath their clothes
that way you can just sweat into the
white here and if I got again same
farting problem sometimes I wear a white
undershirt just so that I can sweat into
that like if I wear a dress shirt then
I'll wear a white undershirt underneath
the treasure you just so the whole day I
can just sweat into that
have you guys ever seen like teachers or
professors whether sweatiest fucking a
full dress or a big ass wet spot he
looks hella hella ugly and unpresentable
special on the back too so if you're
hella sweaty wear undershirt and it does
absorb it but every chance that I get I
just take shirt off so that I can absorb
the slice that's what and he was wearing
my shoes black 11 and she was looking
for busy you can't just talk about it
right here
and we're gonna step outside of here
okay let me get your left wrist yep
you're not under arrest but when you
step out please just put your hands on
your back okay okay okay just step out
face towards your car qapla trans ready
back and then screwed your home skillet
